{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-09-08 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492732","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66794","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3828,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/732/mufon-5492732.json","updb_database_id":5492732}
{jpg} I was with three other men. It was daylight and it hovered above a tree across the street.

The year was 1967 and I was 18 years old, living in a suburb of Nashville. 
On September the eight, between six and six-thirty, I went to the church I attended to help distribute religious pamphlets to the community. The elder of the church, a man I1ll refer to as G. S. was there along with a deacon, H. G. and another man from a nearby church whom I didn1t know. They were all in their forties or maybe early fifties. We got into the elder1s new Ford and rode to a nearby sub-division that had been recently built in the community. G. S. parked along the side of County Hospital Road, across from a big open field.
When I stepped out, I glanced across the field and saw a large metallic UFO hovering above a big oak tree. This UFO was as large as my parent1s modest house. It had orange and green lights along the outer rim of the saucer shaped craft and was completely silent. 
This occurred in broad daylight. The sun wouldn1t go down for another hour and a half or so. And we were close; so close I could have reached down, grabbed a rock and hit it if I1d had the urge to throw one. The others had noticed it too and the four of us stood along the side of the road, our eyes riveted on the UFO. There wasn1t a lot of traffic around but a few cars drove by us. Yet none of them must have noticed because I don1t recall anyone else pulling over and getting out to look.
We stood watching for about fifteen minutes. But nothing about the craft changed. It seems to me that the craft was spinning ever so slowly but that could have been an embellishment my subconscious has added over time. In any event, I1d have to say watching it became a bit monotonous until I1d remind myself I was across the street from an actual UFO. And I1d feel that spark of excitement I1d felt upon first seeing it.
But G. S. must have really become bored1or else, who knows, maybe he thought the Devil was trying to distract us from handing out pamphlets1because he suddenly announced we needed to start knocking on doors. I couldn1t believe him. I had the urge to point at the UFO and say, 1Are you mad? That1s a flying saucer!1
But I was a nice young kid who1d been brought up to obey my elders so, as unbelievable as it seems to me now, I did as I was told. All four of us started marching up walkways to houses to knock and hand out pamphlets. I stumbled along, most of my attention on the UFO down the street. I knocked on one door and when the man answered, I pushed a pamphlet in his hands and turned back to point out the UFO, but it was gone. There one second and gone two seconds later. Just vanished.
The odd thing is that the previous night I1d been listening to the radio and a woman had called the deejay describing the exact same craft I saw the following day. The deejay had made fun of her and I had laughed, thinking she1d been an idiot. So, when I went home later that evening I said nothing to my parents. Indeed, I told no one for fifteen years and have told only a handful of people since then. People I'm glad to say have believed me.
