{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-19 20:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485732","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73994","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2354,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/732/mufon-5485732.json","updb_database_id":5485732}
{rjl} I was witness to a silent, gently glowing ball of light that changed direction.

I was driving home on January 19, 2016 from Tohatchi to Gallup, where I reside. I was going south on Highway 491(formerly 666). I passed Twin Lakes and was a little more than one mile from Shell station in Tohlakai, on the four-lane highway. I'm not aware of the mile post I stopped at when I saw the object. I saw a bright light heading north directly above the highway. It was approaching with steady speed and was amber-colored and glowing gently. It looked spherical and was silent. I heard no sound. I know this because I did a U turn and parked the car facing north in order to be able to continue watching it. I rolled the windows down so I could try to listen out for any ound that might be emanating from it. I did this because it's my third encounter with an object like this and I wanted to rule out sounds.I thought the object must have been a missile, but I've seen those. This wasn't a projectile. It was spherical. I watched as it glided right over my car. It was the size of aspirin in the sky. It headed northward a few miles then turned eastward toward Crownpoint, NM. It kept going until it was lost to the atmosphere. There were very sparse distant clouds, so I had a pretty good view. This object was flying below the clouds and was not flying very fast. It looked pretty deliberate. I didn't feel any reactions or feelings except, "I need to watch it and rule out planes." I was excited more than fearful.

I know it wasn't just me who saw it, but I was the only one who decided to pull over and watch it. There were other motorists on the highway too. This was well after rush hour, even so, there were vehicles that passed me as I slowed to 35 mph.
