{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-07-19 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499732","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59400","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2332,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/732/mufon-5499732.json","updb_database_id":5499732}
Very large glowing round object slow path from NW stopping above then returned on same path

I was about eight years old and my two sisters and I were sleeping in our parents car at Bucks Cottages in Port Dover. I woke up to discover our parents were no where to be found so I left the car to go to the cottage we were staying at but the door was locked. 

On my way back to the car I looked up and observed a very large glowing object slowly moving over the trees from the NW. I became frightened and ran to the door and started yelling and hitting the door. Looking up I could see the object had continued to move almost directly above the pool. 

I ran back to the car and got in and started locking the doors. I tried waking up my youngest sister to see what was outside but she didn't wake up so I started shaking my second youngest sister very aggressively telling her to look out the window and asked her what it was. My sister tried looking out but she didn't look up and said "go to sleep" 

I looked out and confirmed the object was still above the pool and not moving. In a panic I burrowed myself as close to the floor of the car under a blanket as I could.

Periodically peeking out from under the blanket, it seemed to be five minutes the object hovered then started very slowly moving in the same path it came from NW.

Eventually I fell asleep. The next day I tried telling adults about what had happened, including a couple cousins and they alleged I saw the moon but I kept asking them how does the moon move and disappear. 

Nobody took me seriously. I never spoke about it again for fear of ridicule.

Although strange things kept happening to me as the years went on then stopped when I was about seventeen.
