{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1957-07-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491732","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67825","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4758,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/732/mufon-5491732.json","updb_database_id":5491732}
{dr}

UFO Sighting

In July of 1957, I was going through the celestial part of Air Force navigator training. One night, I was taking practice celestial shots. The exact date escapes me, but it was in July well before the Soviets had launched Sputnik.

There were celestial navigation trainers in the paved quadrangle, small enclosures with astrodomes on them. Each cadet would hang a sextant from an astrodome. The sextant for use in an aircraft must have an artificial horizon because inside an aircraft there is no actual horizon except that in the cockpit. A bubble was needed to create the artificial horizon in the manner of a carpenter's level, so an aerial sextant was usually referred to as a "bubble sextant". Because aircraft that are flying are usually bouncing or careening slightly during a celestial shot, these sextants have averagers built into them. One puts the crosshairs of the sextant on a star that appears to be inside the bubble and uses a little dial to keep the crosshairs on the star for two minutes in which the averager is doing its job.

Prior to taking each shot, the student navigator must precompute the elevation and azimuth of the star he wishes to shoot. These figures are used to aim the sextant in the precise direction and elevation for the star. So when the student looks into the sextant eyepiece, he sees a field of view in which there should be one star that is brighter than the others in the field. He then assumes that he has the correct star to shoot and sets the sextant crosshairs on that star.

That night my first shot was to be on Kochab, the 2.2 magnitude star at the lip of the little dipper (Ursa Minor). I made my precomps inside the dorm and went out to the navigation trainer with a flashlight and my precomps. There were two other cadets in the trainer doing their precomps by flashlight while I put the sextant up and set the azimuth and elevation.

When I put my eye on the sextant eyepiece, there was a bright star in the field just as there should be, so I waited until the precise time for the shot according to my precomp. I began the shot and was adjusting the elevation as the averager was ticking away. The "star" I was shooting held firm with other stars in the field for about half a minute. Then I noticed that the azimuth and elevation were changing in excess of what was usual and could see that the supposed star was changing location relative to the other stars in the field. I took my eye from the eyepiece and watched the "star" slowly moving to the right and slightly downward in relation to the other stars.

The two other cadets in the trainer were still precomputing for a shot. I tried to show them the "star", but they could not easily see it among the other stars and it was moving too slowly for them to notice it easily - so they lost interest quickly and never saw what I was attempting to show them. I was not excited because nothing exciting seemed to be happening. Consequently, the other cadets went back to what they had been doing.

I watched the "star" continuing to move for a distance of about ten degrees across the sky (perhaps it was less) and then it stopped and just stayed in place with the other stars once more. I continued to watch the "star" for several minutes and checked its location again before I left the trainer (at least a half hour later). The object never moved again during this time relative the other stars.

I thought about this for some time. I never reported it. This was before there was ever even a Sputnik. Later, in the Air Force, I learned of many UFO sightings that were never reported (reporting them was unwise at the time), and I began to think that what I had seen was a "mother ship" changing its solar orbit. Had it been in Earth orbit it would have been moving all the time. A synchronous Earth orbit is possible, but not where that "star" was.

I have a Bachelor of Science degree in general engineering and numerous post grad courses. I have been an Air Force navigator, private pilot, and engineer among other things.

I would prefer that my name be kept out of this if it is published anywhere.
