{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-26 15:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487732","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71925","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3064,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/732/mufon-5487732.json","updb_database_id":5487732}
{jpg} Black creature , reptile like seemed to be hunting for humans based on its reaction.

I had been in empty field getting some painting done. When suddenly , I heard what can be called a sonic boom. I quickly looked up and try to identify what had made this strange sound. I saw an aircraft which was unusual for the area I was in. I came to the assumption that this was no ordinary aircraft. I was no fast enough to catch up to the entity so I went back to painting when I heard the noise again a sonic boom it had done this 3 or 4 times before disappearing suddenly. Out of curiosity I went to investigate the object and that's when things got weird I heard something rustling near some bushes. I froze in fear waiting for the entity to reveal it's self, camera ready it jumped out of the bush snarling and sniffing I snapped a photo and forgot to turn off the sound it heard the noise and went to investigate it got around 30 feet away from me and didn't notice me. Out of fear , I was ready to turn back and get out of there. But the curiosity got to me, I knew of a local sewer that I thought it could have tried to take shelter at. So I brought a flashlight and got my camera. After what seemed about 200 yards of walking, I heard footsteps other than mine. I turned off the flashlight and yelled, "I have a knife and I'm not afraid to use it." Then I heard a roar and growl come from the end of tunnel. I froze in fear and dropped my flashlight. As it rolled back and fourth, flickering on and off. I waited for it to stop moving. I stood there the next thing that I saw haunted me... It was a human - reptile creature staring at me with eyes that reflected that light of flash light. I quickly started running until I was about a mile away from the area. I never went back, but for what I know it could still be hiding in the sewers waiting. FOR THOSE WHO READ THIS BE WARNED ! IT CAN STILL BE OUT THERE IN THE ELK GROVE SEWER SYSTEM WAITING FOR ITS NEXT PREY, HEAD MY ADVICE AND DON'T BE A HERO STAY FAR AWAY AS POSSIBLE ! I CAN'T TELL IF REMEMBERS ME OR IF IT EVEN KNOWS WHERE I LIVE ! ILL KEEP YOU UPDATED!
