{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-09-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493732","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65775","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3704,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/732/mufon-5493732.json","updb_database_id":5493732}
{rjl} 5 entities in my bedroom in 1975

In 1975 i was 12 years old. I was sound asleep on my back on the left side of the bed beside the bedroom door, right beside my younger sister in a full size bed. I am guessing it was after midnight, i never knew what time it was or the exact date.
I was woken up some how, and looked to my left. Beside my bed stood 2 men about 3 to 4ft tall. They were side by side and the one furtherest away from me was passing his hands over my abdomen and thigh area not physically touching me. I felt nothing if he did. I was never so Terrified in my life. I started frantically moving my eyes around the room, trying to figure out what was happening. I immediately noticed one at the foot of my bed with his back to me looking forward towards a window directly in front of the bed, and he was not moving. I then noticed to my far right, one standing in front of MY chest of drawers, picking up and looking at my belongings and i could hear him putting them back down. A hair brush, mirror and perfume and a few other trinkets. Not sure what else was on there. 
I then looked back at the two beside me, the one closes to me never moved, he was just staring straight down at my stomach area. 
I then looked to my far left and noticed one of them, standing at the doorway, it was like he was a look out. He was standing with his arms folded and his legs crossed. He only looked straight ahead into the hallway. 
They all 5 looked identical. Dark silver grey color, with hats on. Like a fedora hat, all the same color as their skin. No clothes. I could only see human like features of little men. 
Only my eyes could move. My body was completely paralyzed. I was shaking and sweating, i could feel the sweat literally pouring off my body in fear. I tried with everything i had to touch my sister, one finger away. But i couldn't even move my finger. 
The man that had his hands over my body was the leader. He told me, "it's OK, it's OK"
this was done telepathically. I did not understand at 12 years old how that happened. I was so shocked i heard him tell me this, in my mind. It seemed like seconds later i was asleep. 
When i woke up in the morning, it was bright and sunny outside. I don't know how much time or what time it was when i woke up. I ran down stairs as fast as i could to tell my Mom what had happened to me. I told her exactly this experience. She tried to convince me that it was all a dream. I assured her i was wide awake, and fully aware of what was happening. 
This experience has haunted me for 40 years. I have never told this to anyone outside of my family.
I have had alot of medical problems lately and am now disabled. I never slept all night since then. I now take Zquil and wear ear plugs at night, just so i can sleep.
I have also had paranormal experiences most of my adult life. I don't know if they ever come back at night. I can't let my mind go there. 
I don't know if this has anything to do with my experiences, but i am RH negative. No one else in my family is. 
Thank You~ I am relieved and terrified for telling this all at the same time.
