Case No. 1213 10082020

Date: January 23, 2019.

Approximate Time: 17:20 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: C. A. M. A., 33 years old.

Description: The informant reported having photographed an anomalous aerial phenomenon at 17:20 (HL) on January 23, 2019 in the Elqui River valley, Coquimbo Region. He indicated that he only became aware of the reported event upon reviewing the image, which he described as oval-shaped and black in color.

Upon concluding his report, he stated: "I would like you to analyze it."
"Tell me if it's really something anomalous or not."

The image that supported the report was perused through ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF (Copy and Motion Forgery) analysis, confirming it was not digitally altered. Its photographic analysis confirmed its presence, enabling the definition of both the general shape of its silhouette and the existence of volume, and ruled out the possibility of it being some type of reflection.

The study of the information contained in the metadata of its file
He confirmed that it was taken at 16:41 on Wednesday, January 23, 2019, using the main camera system of a Huawei Mate 10 Pro (BLA-L09) cellular phone.

The 3,968x2,976 pixel photograph was taken with the maximum aperture of the device (F1.6) and a shutter speed of 1/1.456 seconds.

To verify the working hypothesis that the reported object had a biological origin, independent expert opinions were requested from the entomologists of the CEFAA, curators of the National Museum of Natural History.
Both specialists agreed that the case image is an out-of-focus photograph of an insect in flight. Due to the great distortion of its body, they did not venture a higher classification.

Images: One photograph, attached below.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the report, of the forensic and photographic studies, and of the conclusions reached by the specialized consultants consulted, it was determined that the photographed subject was an insect in flight.

A more precise identification was not possible due to the
characteristics of the image that captured it.
