{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-29 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528417","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27162","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2594,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/417/mufon-5528417.json","updb_database_id":5528417}
The object was floating over the highway just above the tree line with red, blue, and yellow lights on the bottom of a dark surface.

My girlfriend and I were driving down highway 15-501 heading towards home when we first saw lights hovering over the road. My first thought was that it looked like a new radio or phone tower with red, blue, and yellow lights, but I knew that wasn't possible because we travel down taht road often. We first saw the lights about half a mile away and as we got closer we realized that the lights were hovering just over the tree line attached to a dark boomerang or triangle shape. All of the lights seemed to be flashing at first, but as we got closer all the lights were shining down towards the road. The object was not moving at all it was just hovering over the road. when we passed under it we still could not figure out what it was, I wasn't driving so I turned around to look back and see it from the other side and I couldn't see it anymore. We turned around about 100 yards past the object to try and get a picture of it but it was gone, no lights in the trees, in the sky, or anywhere else that I could find. The object was not a helicopter because it made no sound, and not a plane because it was too low and did not move. Whatever the thing was it was about as wide as the highway and I could not tell how long it was because it was dark behind the lights. This is the first time i've ever seen anything that I couldn't explain around here although I did see unexplained lights in the sky in Iraq in 2003. This area is only about 45 miles from Ft. Bragg/Pope air force base, so I guess it could possibly be some kind of military project that i've never heard of. I'm not one to jump to conclusions, but this thing has me confused. I don't know if anyone else saw the object or made any kind of report. I really just want to know if this fits with UFO sightings or if anyone can tell me what this may have been because it was only about 3 miles from my house.
