{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-20 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289417","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113939","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2420,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/417/mufon-5289417.json","updb_database_id":5289417}
I witnessed it crossing over Craighead 47 Rd in Westly direction then hover for a moment

We moved from Alabama to Arkansas in Fall of 2019. I had to return to Alabama for my doctors visit each month. December was just another month; I was on the way back from my doc in Bama and while traveling on Craighead 47 Rd, I noticed two cars pulled over on the right side of the road and so I slowed down, I figured it was an accident. However, I noticed three people standing outside their car looking upward. While passing them, I looked up to see what they were looking at. It was a large black triangle, well above power lines and not too far above the pine tree line, cross over the road but when it was close to the center of the soybean field it stopped and hovered. After a couple of minutes, it started moving back toward the west. It had lights underneath the vehicle and they were all lit up. If I would have had my slingshot, I could have hit it. I slowly drove on, watching it the whole way. I was not going to offer myself up for any encounter and so after it was safely in my rear view, I took off home. I have only shared this event with my wife and my sons. 

When I was around ten, while traveling back from a Church event (father is retired pastor) late one evening along the Lake Michigan coast, my mother and father noticed a glowing orb remarkably high in the sky flying like no man-made vehicle can maneuver. We could see it in the distance or a long time. 
My father tried to drive in its direction, but we could not keep up and eventually, it was nowhere to be seen. We were all in awe. Anyway, I shared this first experience to say this ... people would mock you to your face in the 1970's if you admitted to seeing a UFO. So, I haven't shared my latest experience with anyone but my closest family memebers.
