{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-18 20:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508417","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50071","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2923,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/417/mufon-5508417.json","updb_database_id":5508417}
My wife and I seen an orange light in the sky. My wife was a strong skeptic in UFOs, now her witnessing this event has wavered her skepticism.

My wife and I were traveling south along the lakeshore (Lake Michigan) just out for a nice romantic ride by this lake. As we were approaching 75th Street, I noticed an orange light in the sky to the south west. It is important to note that the light was stationary (appeared to be hovering like a helicopter)and was not blinking at all. I know that all air craft have red blinking lights for safety reasons, this did not, that and the orange color is what got my attention originally. I alerted my wife to the object and she actually stopped the car. I quickly exited the vehicle and noted that the object made no noise and had now began to move in a semi-circular trajectory. I grabbed my cell phone and flipped on my video recorder, unfortunately I was unable to get any footage do to my excitement I forgot to press record, that said after approximately 10 seconds I realized that my video recorder was useless anyway showing only a speck of light here and there, I was able to follow were it was going but thats about it. So I lowered the camera and notice the object had moved to a position directly west of where I was. So up to this point it had did the semi-circle and after that headed due north to end up directly west of my position. At this point the light then began to ascend (but not at a very drastic angle) in a north west to north-north west bearing. The speed was incredible within 3-5 seconds it was out of sight! During the sighting I was very excited, and awe struck. After the sighting I am left with questions. I would like MUFON to look into our local airports radar (if possible) to see if they had anything "unidentified" that night. I mentioned my wife was very skeptical about UFOs but she could not deny that what we seen was not any conventional aircraft and therefore is/was a UFO. I believe it is important to note that roughly 1 minute after the sighting a commercial aircraft flew overhead at a low altitude with 3-4 red blinking lights and several white lights under the wings. This is DRASTICALLY different from what we had witnessed only moments before. If necessary I would undergo a polygraph examination to what I witnessed.

[Nmae removed/cms/tg]
