{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-24 17:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288417","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4985,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/417/mufon-5288417.json","updb_database_id":5288417}
8 reddish orbs low elevation got me by surprise plus family on Christmas Eve 2012

On Dec 24th,2012, we left Hayfork, Ca in morning @ 0800hr in a Chevy Silverado 1992 pick up truck with a camper pack with personal gear and X-Mas presents. We travel to Petaluma Ca for Christmas week with our two kids (ages 4 & 10). We arrive in Petaluma just as the sun was going down. I back the Chevy truck into the driveway, there on 108 Jeffery Drive, when my mother-in-law raises the electric garage door for us-as usual, to un unload the truck. The drive way where I park would be facing roughly NE (I do need to say that my cardinal direction in that area has always been off). Like usual, my wife and kids go directly into garage to say hello to Grandma and the kids, they started playing with a peddle big 3-wheeller and of course of their ages, they argue over who gets to ride first.   
As I started to unload the truck of personal travel bags and X-Mas gifts into the garage I notice to the easterly-maybe Northeasterly direction of 5 bright stars over what I would of said at the time on the other side of the Sonoma Ridge. Of course I thought they were really bright stars and not sure of what constellation they were. Then it occurred to me that I have never seen this star constellation because in my backyard I look to the easterly on a regular basis and these 5 stars were not stationary (Note: Trinity County has very clear sky viewing most of the year due to low population). 
Then I quickly realize that the stars/orbs were slowly descending down. I called for my wife, kids, and mother-in-law to come out of the garage and tell me what you/they are seeing. Of course my wife and her mom don't recognize these as anything they know of and my two younger kids look and run back into garage to re-play on the peddle 3-wheeler (Funny to note-before the youngest went back into the garage he said it was "Flaming Helicopters").
As I watch on my own now, the orbs disappear in the street trees a couple of blocks or more away? Today I think/I feel they were heading to the local airport about1.5-2.0 miles to SE. (the airport supports personal small aircrafts/ higher class small transportations business, not international or connects, however I would think some people make a business to fly customers to bigger airports: Sac, SF, etc. ).
I thought it was over and the light show was some cool RC drone somebody got for X-Mas and I wanted one. I went back to unloading the truck when out of the corner of me eyes-again-I see 2 more orbs that are in the same flight pathway where in the same trail of the first 5 orbs. Again they disappeared into the street tree lines couple blocks or more after a several or maybe 10 seconds. I was not prepared for this and I did not start to monitor the time or take pictures. I was just witnessing with not knowing what I was watching.
Again, I re-start to complete unloading the truck when out of the corner my eye I see another reddish-orb in the same flight pattern but this time when it was about to disappear in the street trees canopy it spiral up and very quickly vanished. That got my attention that this was not usual.
Later that night as I laid in bed I started to think what this means to me. I thought maybe the airport was hosting some X-Mas air show/Rudolf the Red Nose Reindeer.  I am not a church going person, most of my family is not. So thinking what were these orbs I/we wittedness; I reflected back too "O.K. it's Dec 24th and that's Jesus's birth day and I remember someone saying in prior conversation that the Mayan Calendar was to end Dec 20th'is 2012. That's when my hairs creeped up. I thought the end was here!
It took 6 months for me to go over this event and I told my story to other family's members and friends and was told that it was a balloon (imagine that) or it was a helicopter ( I have work around and on aircraft). It change my life. I have seen/experience other things before the 24 Dec 2012; which I dismissed those events off, and then afterward of the 8 reddish/orangish orbs I have not brushed this off. This is the only reason why I am on this site it is because of my personal follow up of reading/research that has lead me to here. 
Its been 8 to 9 years I know this is an old story at this point, but I want to tell it and maybe someone else had seen what I have seen on Dec 24, 2012 Petaluma Ca
