{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-01 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526417","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29274","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5101,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/417/mufon-5526417.json","updb_database_id":5526417}
low-flying box object seen several days before strange cigar shaped object

One morning, around 2 a.m. in early March of 2011, I walked into my backyard to have a cigarette before going to sleep. Before I proceed, I want to state that I am an avid observer of the sky, particularly in the city of College Station. I can therefore attest that I am very familiar with seeing planes (commercial and military), stars, meteors, cloud formations, and just about anything else you would see if you spent a lot of time sky-watching. Going back to 2 a.m. early March of 2011, I had just walked outside and looked up like I always do facing southwest. About 45 degrees off the horizon, I noticed a rusty orange colored object flying from south to north (my left to right). This object was close (less than 200 feet off the ground and less than 250 feet away from me) and made absolutely no sound. It was shoebox shaped (cubic) and appeared orange-ish in color but only because it was reflecting the orange hue of street lights it was flying over. Had there been no streetlights, this craft would have appeared black. The craft was not very large, maybe only several cubic meters in volume. My immediate reaction to explain how it moved so straight at constant speed and constant elevation, made no sound, and was so close to me was that it had to be a glider. This can not have been the case however, as a glider would have a very visible wing structure, which this craft definitely lacked. Eventually, this object flew out of my sight bearing north. I have never seen an object fly like this before or after this event. 
Several days later, standing in the same backyard and looking in the sky northwest, I noticed an even stranger event. A few days later (no more than 4) right around sunset (approx 7:30 pm), I was sitting in my backyard and noticed a white, vertically oriented cigar shaped object, relatively far away, about 15 degrees off the horizon, that appeared to be moving. This object was brilliantly white, in stark contrast to other clouds in the sky that were painted red and orange by the setting sun. As I stared, this object appeared to be changing and moving as I could see the object crossing below and then going back above a non-moving power line that happened to be in the same line of sight between me and this object. I watched this object for about a minute, and during that time its color remained this odd white, but its shape changed from vertical cigar, then shrunk into a sphere maybe a quarter the size of the cigar, then elongated into a horizontal shaped cigar, and then shrunk back into a sphere. When it shrunk back into a sphere the second time, a bright orange point of light began shining from within this cloud-like sphere. The light was not moving, was colored bright orange, and was not any star or planet I have ever seen. It was still daylight out and maybe a few other stars or planets were even visible at this point in the evening, but this light was 10 times brighter than any other object/light in the sky. This convinced me to run inside and get out a half broken telescope and viewing the object through the starfinder of the telescope (similar angular resolution as a rifle scope). Looking through the starfinder at the still shining sphere revealed something incredible, and something I will do my best to describe in words. The orange light appeared star-like (a point source) and was very bright. It was orange, and its color stayed constant. Its position remained constant with regards to the "sphere" and in my line of sight, making it seem as if both the orange light and the cloud-like sphere it came from were not moving with regards to each other or me. The orange light was coming from under what looked like a mushroom cap that was colored this cloud like white. The best way I can describe what the cloud-like shapes (that turned into the mushroom cap) looked like would be very similar to the vapor cone that forms around a jet as it breaks the sound barrier. Very similar in texture and color. Eventually, both the orange light and the cloud-like mushroom cap disappeared into invisibility. They more or less faded from sight as I was looking at them.
I have not seen anything unusual since these two sightings, but because of them I find myself constantly watching the skies with an undying anxiety of seeing something similar. I know what I saw and I know it was no object, natural or man-made, that I had ever seen before or have ever seen since.
