{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-05-08 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456417","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105176","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2565,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/417/mufon-5456417.json","updb_database_id":5456417}
White hovering cylinder with ill-defined clouds of light on underside.

This sighting happened quite some time ago now but what jogged my memory was hearing a plausible account of an electrostatic/anti-gravity propulsion system where gas on the underside of the craft becomes ionized and hence glows. 

It was sometime around 1995, give or take a year, and it was a warm sunny day, so it could have been early summer. I was driving down the road at Plomer Hill, High Wycombe, where I lived at the time, and had stopped at the traffic lights waiting to join the A40. As I stopped waiting for the lights to change, I happened to look towards the horizon and saw an elongated white cylindrical object. It looked as if it were several miles away and just hovering, stationary above the ground. Due to the distance and direction, I assumed it must have had something to do with Wycombe Air Park at Booker which is some 2.5 miles away and that perhaps an air show was taking place there. As I remember it was a Saturday but I don't recall seeing an airshow advertised and indeed I had never heard of such a thing in the area either before or afterwards.

However what was odd about the object was that it had strange lighting on the underside that looked like multi-coloured clouds that appeared and disappeared.

The traffic lights inevitable changed and I was forced to drive on, however my curiosity got the better of me and I did a circular detour that took no more than 2 or 3 minutes, so as to drive back down the same road to the traffic lights. However by the time I returned the object had gone.

If there had been some kind of air show that day, it seems odd they should launch a balloon rather than a conventional aircraft, as after all the Zeppelin has had its day. And what were the strange lights on the underside of the object that appeared and disappeared?

I'm sure someone else must have seen this object but I never heard of anyone talking about it locally.
