{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1964-06-15 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503417","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55526","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3299,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/417/mufon-5503417.json","updb_database_id":5503417}
{cak} A massive craft on the ground with an unwavering orange yellow glow whose light never flickered or changed shape...Made absolutely no sound.

My two brothers and I were walking four of our friends to their home which was at the end of the street when we saw a huge light over into the field which belonged to the Navy Seabee Base. As we got closer to their house we were trying to figure out what this massive light was with each of us throwing out ideas about night maneuvers by the seabees, but as we listened and watched we heard no helicopters or could we hear men shouting. Then someone said it was a fire , but there were no fire engines, men, or anything in that field of grass on the ground which would burn like that, nor was the light flickering or moving as flames would do. As we were discussing what we were seeing it became clear to us that this was a craft of some type and all of us agreed that there was nothing on GOD'S green earth that looked like that. We were whispering at this point and weren't sure why our voices had lowered but there was absolute silence as we stood to watch this eerie light...pure orange on the bottom and yellow on the top. It was a massive oblong shape and domed on the top.It was probably about fifteen hundred to two thousand feet in width and about five stories high. We were a quarter mile or less away from it and could see quite clearly into the field . We stood to watch for about thirty minutes , but two of the little ones began to get scared for some reason so our friends began to
walk into their house. My brothers turned to walk back to our home about five hundred feet back up the street. I still stood there watching to see if it would begin to rise or do anything. Finally I walked back up to our house but I'd return to the front porch to see if I could see it rise into the air but I never did. What was weird is that none of us discussed what we had seen that night...ever. I will never forget that night though, and now that I'm sixty I wanted to leave this in case someone else by chance had seen something like this.The Seabees never even used that land back in those years nor were there any roads back there. The image has stayed in my mind all these years so clearly, the weather was a beautiful clear summer night with not a cloud in the sky. I wanted to let you know too that we only lived about a mile from the beach.I wanted to go into that field so badly the next morning, but the base had a barbed wire fence up with no trespassing signs up and being pretty good kids we never thought about crossing over onto government property. Thank you so much for taking my report , and I feel much better knowing it will be on file.
