{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520197","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36395","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3031,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/197/mufon-5520197.json","updb_database_id":5520197}
[Description omitted by submitter/cms/tg/10.10.2012]

This experience happened just over a week ago, but I have been keeping an eye on the Internet and news to see if any explanations or similar news would surface before I came forward, so far nothing.

On Monday 6TH Feb 2012, I had been at a friends all day helping him paint and decorate his house, I did not get home till late. I arrived home at just gone midnight (Rainford, near Ormskirk and ST-Helens, Merseyside, UK), I had made something to eat and was cleaning up. At just gone 1 in the morning I went into my back garden to put a sack of rubbish into the bin, this is when I noticed 2 strange and baffling lights in the night sky. One was square and never moved apart from blinking on and off, and the other one was circular and both were a bright blue colour. The lights were about what looked to be several hundred feet high in the sky, and almost directly above me, but at a slight angle. The circular light was dancing and moving around, at times it looked like it was changing shape into a tube, though this could have been the speed and movement of the thing??? After watching the lights for a short time I got my mobile phone and recorded what I saw, I zoomed in full and tried my best to film the lights as best as I could, although this was difficult at times as the circular light was darting around all over the place and it was a cold bitter night, so some camera shake also, square light looks like it moves but this is the camera moving trying to follow the light which is moving. After just over 2 minutes the lights were gone and never returned as I kept an eye on the sky for a while later with my camera ready.

This was a pretty spectacular event, very exciting and mind boggling, baffling and bizarre to say the least, I am sure that what I witnessed was NO aircraft of some kind, such as a plane or helicopter, they just looked nothing like and behaved nothing like aircraft, plus there was no sound what so ever. Also, on viewing the footage, you can see several different coloured smaller lights at different stages throughout the footage, this was not seen at the time by me. The objects appeared to the eye to be roughly the size of a small coin held at arms length from the eye.

I have no more information, I can only report what I saw and filmed, I would be grateful if someone could look at the footage and maybe do some analysis to see what it throws up.
