{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498197","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61050","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2711,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/197/mufon-5498197.json","updb_database_id":5498197}
{dr}Bell Shaped changed color no sound or wings changed direction

Wife and son were on the back deck off of our bedroom on the north side of the house, my wife said "look at that" my son said something to the affect of "wow" or "o" confirming that he had seen it too. Wife said honey "you need to come see this", i was not feeling great didn't wanna get up. 
  We live close to two airports and in rather close proximity to Westover AFB seen plenty off odd things in the sky. Usually in a couple seconds you would hear "O it's a plane" and never did this happen during the day always at night and also you would start hearing the noise of the engines. 
  She said again " you really need to come see this" she said something like that four or five times with a heightened since of urgency in her voice. This took a full minute or there about. Then she said that she could no longer see it because the object (that was bell shaped, did not have wings and never made a sound)had gone over the house. At this time i got up from the bedroom and went to the front window (which is a 10' bay with windows open on both sides) I saw bell shaped craft silently moving south and changed from a gray to a pinkish to black to gray again, gray seemed to be it's primary color or at least the color it held the longest, it was flying or moving at a steady height and speed then started to descend in a gradual motion and disappeared over the house and trees across the street never making a sound. 
  One of the airports is Ellington airport where people have two and four seater planes and even those you can hear and feel if they are low enough.
  I have seen by definition UFO's three or four times and chalked it up to being near the airports or fast moving, no sound lights in the sky thought that was Airforce planes. Never wanted or desired to tell anyone about this, now that i am older have a son and he has already seen a "UFO", I want to be on the knowing side of this debate. Everyone knows you cant trust the government to tell us the real truth we have to find it out for ourselves.

 Sincerely,
 ME
