{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494197","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65288","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3978,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/197/mufon-5494197.json","updb_database_id":5494197}
{nd} Bright lights playing

Castle Air Force Base near Merced, CA had just been closed down due to budget cuts. The base was mostly empty but for a skeleton squadron and had very few planes on the tarmac.

A few friends and myself were parked at a favorite spot at the south end of the runway on a public rural road. It was next to a runway light bar and right under the path of jets landing and taking off.

It's a great place to star gaze and on this night it was still warm and clear and there were no planes to bother us; or so we thought.

We were sitting/laying on the hoods of our cars when something big, black and completely silent passed over our heads and not until it had passed did we hear any engine noise. There had been rumors, but one was actually flying over our heads! A Stealth Bomber was using the runway for touch and go!

Startled us good; we weren't expecting anything to be using the runway since the base was closed and that jet was quiet; we didn't hear or see it until it was on top of us.

It wasn't apparent at first; but we waited for the jet to come back around since we could now see it blot out the stars when it went past us to the west.

And surprisingly; there was a blue orb or light playing "tag" with the jet. This orb was following it; it would slow down then catch up and almost tag the tail of the jet, only to fall back and then do it again. That orb was zipping all over the place.

There had to be somebody in the tower watching airspace around this mostly invisible jet; how they could have failed to see the orb was not possible. The orb looked to be maybe a fourth the size of the jet's tail and a bright, soft, sky blue color.

And even stranger; it seemed like the pilot was just ignoring the orb. After perhaps half a dozen passes over the runway the Stealth never came back and the light disappeared with it.

Even stranger yet; while waiting for the jet to return we were scanning the skies, and I was using my binoculars which I always carried in my car.

I was looking almost straight up; and I see something that I have NEVER spoken about to anyone.

I saw blue orbs shooting beams of white light at green orbs which were shooting beams of red light back at them. There were dozens of them just outside our atmosphere fighting with light. I saw more than one of those orbs pull a "Star Trek" move; as though it moved at warp speed leaving a colored light trail behind it before it disappeared and then reappeared elsewhere with that same light trail. 

Even now it doesn't seem real. But I know what I saw that night.

And it gets even weirder.

Those same friends and I met at the local live band bar about a week later.  We were sitting there talking about the jet and lights we had seen when this airman in uniform (a Military Police uniform but with a black beret) sits himself down at our table and interrupts our conversation. He looks at each one of us and then quietly informed us that it would be to our best interest to never mention what we saw to anyone again.

The jet didn't scare me, the colored orbs playing space invaders didn't scare me but something in that man's voice did. And I got the impression that he wasn't talking about the Stealth.

So I haven't; until now.

Unfortunately there is no physical evidence to back this up. Only my memory of something I'll never forget.
