{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501197","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57876","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2688,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/197/mufon-5501197.json","updb_database_id":5501197}
{nd} My husband, myself, grown daughter and her 2 sons saw 15-20 bluish white pulsing lights streak overhead at incredible speed, no noise.

We had just watched the beautiful fireworks display in Lake Arrowhead, CA. When it ended at 9:30pm, we expected my husband to pick us up but started to walk home, less than a mile away. My daughter and I and her two boys were a block from home when he came up the street and we just looked up because our eyes caught sight of a really fast moving light overhead. It was many times faster than say a jet and was pulsing every couple seconds so it looked almost as if it were jumping across the sky.  If you held up your hand to the sky and put your fingers about 1 1/2 " apart, that's how long it was from pulsating point to end of tail. We were all sooo excited when we got in the car, all trying to tell my husband at the same time how we had just seen a UFO. He is totally scientifically minded and never believes alien/UFO stories because there is never proof, in his mind. He was sorry he missed it so he could explain to us how it was NOT a UFO. Hah! 
So we drive the block or so home ( no street lights up here in the mountains) and when we all got out of the car and said let's look up and see if we see another UFO. We hardly got the words out when we ALL, including the nonbeliever, saw more of the whitish blue, some pulsating but not all, ufos going in the same direction, at the same altitutude! By more I mean maybe 15 to twenty more, going overhead in 5 or 10 second intervals! My 11 yr old grandson kept saying," look nana there's another one!" My husband thinks it was about a 40 degree unobstructed swath in the sky that they were traveling in and appeared to be in the exosphere. He was at a loss for words to explain how they might have been meteors when one changed direction going slightly northwestward. We stayed outside looking up for several more minutes but apparently it was over. We've been looking up nightly since and have seen nothing we don't normally see. We could hardly get to sleep that night we were so excited.
