{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-18 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485197","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74568","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3823,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/197/mufon-5485197.json","updb_database_id":5485197}
Watching ISS live feed. Saw murky shape approach came under ISS lights then stop. Hovered 3-5 minutes. Bright metallic orb or bullet front..black center. 3 others seen but in shadows. Separate craft seen rise up from earth with bright white lights.

The event as above. I was just watching the International Space Station for about the 6th time ever. The male crew member could be heard to discuss stowage of dirty laundry in 'string bags' with female at ground control. While mundane discussion was taking place, and with myself observing a view of what looked like dawn breaking over the horizon of planet earth. To my quiet amazement I saw a murky blob like shape drift into the lights emitting from the Iss then just stop and remain completely stationary in the same position. It was like looking at a stuffed olive head on except the olive part was like a bright aluminium alloy colour and the center was black. No other details. I could then see exactly the same objects..2 or 3 slightly off to the right in between the various observable structures within the camera view of the space station. Same size, so at the same distance as the bright one which was dead ahead and still in the Iss lights...but kept in semi shadow.

All of a sudden I saw off to the left and in the distance a different type of craft rising up from the earths atmosphere in a slow gracefull fashion. It started off as an indistinguishable bright mark or dot, then became more discernable as something perhaps widish and flattened but with at least two bright white lights on the front which were constantly shining. This object gained some altitude and proximity before peeling off to the left and back down out of site. It only came to within a medium distance unlike the others which remained hovering right in front of the ISS throughout this concurrent observance.

I was in bed looking at my ipad at the time of the above stated events, and 'enjoyed' the experience rather than scrabbling inside a bag looking for my half charged iphone to try and obtain an image. I hope I do not regret this too much. I am now more prepared with my phone next to me!

I am a trained observer, being a Registered Mental Health Nurse. I was sober etc.

The main object at eventually after an estimated five minutes moved slowly to the right and looked as if it activated a "cloaking device" because it seemed to fade away..but on reflection I think it just moved into shadow in the same space as the other similar objects.

I am compelled to report this occurance and I hope you have had other witnesses who were observing the ISS live feed at this time. One would have thought that you would have, because what I saw , at length was incontrovertible albeit not backed up by visual data by myself.

The conversation about disposal of items in string bags on the ISS was continuing whilst all these visitors were drifting about calm as anything or waiting right outside. Neither ground control or the ISS occupants had observed the above..because they would likely have been startled, voiced amazement and/ or the live feed would have been cut.
Any feedback you can provide would be appreciated.

I can make a sketch if you need me to.

Your Sincerely
Adam Gardner
