{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-23 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477336","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82824","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3095,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/336/mufon-5477336.json","updb_database_id":5477336}
{rjl} 10 minute night sighting from my driveway in Baltimore City of a bright white I observed a bright white object stationary low in the eastern sky at 9:15PM on March 23, 2017. No other objects/stars were visible except for a passing plane.

I was returning home from an evening activity on Thursday night, March 23, 2017. When I exited my car in the driveway, I looked up to see what stars were visible, something I do most evenings that I am out. I saw an unusually bright white object between two trees on the easterly side of our property. The house next to do sits lower than our house and their lights were all on. The object I observed was framed by two of their trees and about two inches above the neighbors roof as I extended my arm and measured with my fingers from the roof to the object. I watched the object for several minutes then decided to go into the house to get my Sony Cybershot DSC RX100 camera which takes good night photos compared to my iPhone camera. When I went back outside maybe two minutes later I was happy to see the object in the same place, framed by the two trees. It didn't seem to have moved at all. I took many photos hoping that some would come out. I just downloaded my photos and to my surprise two came out especially clearly.

On January 30, 2017 I had a sighting in the same easterly direction. I submitted a photo to Maryland MUFON with photos. I have looked in the same direction for other sightings in the last two months and saw nothing unusual. This is the second sighting of a white hovering object very low in the sky at an unknown distance, but not close up. I needed to zoom in with my camera to capture the photos I took.

I wrote this out before and submitted it. I don't know why it did not go out but maybe the Menu below "Submit UFO Sighting" does not work. If you have two reports that is why. I didn't see the submit button under the "I understand ....." part of the form. This time I copied the text in case it happens again.
