{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-12 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495336","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64108","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6421,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/336/mufon-5495336.json","updb_database_id":5495336}
{rjl} Close encounter with craft in elliptical orbit before going north directly overhead at low altitude

This event happened 18 years ago, during a high school summer break. Though it's been nearly 20 years, I still remember every detail of that night vividly. It was the strangest thing that has ever happened to me. To either of us.

On July 12 1997, I was spending the weekend with a friend at his home in Inglis, Florida. We were both at another friends house, to the east, down the same street that my friend lived on. At around 3:00am, we left that friends house to head back to where I was staying after recording some music onto some tapes and me assisting with some computer problems. (This detail will become important later) After walking approximately 10 minutes, we were within a couple of blocks of the friends house I was staying at. As we approached, we noticed a white luminous object that we both first thought was a search helicopter, with a beam shining down to the ground, approximately 3/4 mile away and to the southeast from where we were walking. We stopped for a moment to take notice as this would not be typical in this rural area, and that we could not hear any noise.

After a moment, we both simultaneously noticed that the craft was not traveling on a path parallel to the ground as a helicopter would, but rather on an elliptical path, getting slightly further away and higher, then closer and lower, etc.. We also took notice to the fact that despite its movement and change in position, we could not see any structure of a helicopter or any other type of known to us craft, only the very bright light of the object itself and it's beam. At that close range, a helicopter would have been immediately recognizable, even in darkness, by its sound, and lights. We began to realize that we might not be looking at a helicopter and were rather confused as to what we were seeing. After watching it's "orbit" for approximately a minute, the beam, as best I can describe it "filtered" up to the craft. A light being switched off would result in the column of light visible being instantly gone, but this light appeared to retract. After the light retracted into the object, it's elliptical orbit stopped and the object itself dimmed considerably, to the point where it was hardly visible. After remaining dark and stationary for approximately 10 seconds, it simultaneously grew in luminosity and apparent size greatly, perhaps 3-4 times, casting light and shadow over a rather large area. It was bright enough that, in the absence of any streetlights, we could momentarily see the yard of the house we were then standing in front of, as if it was early twilight.

It remained stationary for another 15 or so seconds, at its larger size and brightness, before dimming to it's original level when we first noticed it, turning the beam back on (which appeared to filter down to the ground with a total time of around 1 second) and resuming it's elliptical orbit. We were absolutely frozen at this point, awestruck and terrified at the same time, but unable to really say or do much but watch in awe. As terrified as we were, we felt compelled to stay and watch, rather than run the couple of blocks to his house. I don't know why. It did this cycle a further 2 times before going dim and staying stationary for approximately a minute. All the time, we cannot see any discernible shape, or hear any noise. It resumed it's original brightness, and remained stationary for approximately 30 seconds, before taking off on a flight path that took it directly over our heads approximately 150 feet up, at a speed of around 30-40mph. It appeared to be about 20 feet across. As it passed overhead, we looked up, and could tell there was a solid structure that the light was emanating from, but due to the brightness of the light, it was hard to tell what it was, but appeared to be shiny and metallic, with the light coming from the exterior of the craft itself. In other words, there appeared to be no point light source, but rather, the entire craft glowed uniformly. There were no external features that we could discern. In a moment, it was gone over the trees and out of our view. We were quite shaken up over everything that had just happened, and having this craft fly over our heads only a couple hundred feet up, and basically ran for our lives back to his house. We did not sleep the rest of the night. We tried to rationalize what we saw, but no matter what scenarios we came up with, nothing could explain what we saw. We spent the entire next day together, replaying over and over the previous nights events, questioning whether or not we had even seen what we thought. Questioning ourselves and our sanity. 

I said earlier that the tapes we had made the previous night would become important, and here is where. Later the next night, we were in his room, still shaken up, but calmed down considerably, and decided to pop in one of the tapes we had made the night before. Listen to some music, take our minds off of things and relax. We made two tapes full of music, and neither of them were playable. The contents were distorted and mostly un-listenable, in the exact same way if you were to pass the tapes by a large magnet. The tapes were fine when we left as we listened to a part of one of them before leaving where they were recorded. If there was any doubt that what we saw was real, that doubt was now gone. It was real. That realization was terrifying, and for me, left me with anxiety and a feeling of helplessness for quite a long time. Even to this day, when I think about it, I get a chill, and recounting this experience right now, I've got tears forming. It was a very powerful experience for me, and I imagine him as well, though after that weekend, we didn't talk much about it.
