{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-05-05 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462336","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98649","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2374,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/336/mufon-5462336.json","updb_database_id":5462336}
{rjl} Lights in oval shape hovered over two kids at park with no one around which was very weird.

my little brother and I went to the park after school. This park was very busy Park as it was in low-income housing complex and there are always children there. This day was different. we were on the merry-go-round playing when something caught my attention. There was a buzzing sound in my head and it seemed to be all around me. I looked around for the source and instinctively looked up. In the sky, approximately 2 to 300 feet up directly over us flashing in sequence and in the shape of the oval or football. I remember the colors we're faded like Christmas lights on a house. Pink green orange blue and maybe White and although they formed to shape, there was nothing in the middle, just clouds. I looked around to show someone and there was no one around no one on their porches no one driving by no kids at the park which was so very strange as it was usually a busy place. my little brother and I wondered what it was and we were both scared. I grabbed my brother's hand and began running home which was about a block away but I don't remember us getting separated. I only remember looking back during running home and seeing him coming up behind me. We're going to the park directly after school. But when we ran home it was becoming desk and we don't know how explain that. we definitely were missing some time. Neither of us have ever had any abduction memories but we both have a sense that something happened because of the time difference we just couldn't explain it. we have talked about it many times and we know what we saw. We never saw it again but I became obsessed with what may lie outside our world. I was 8 years old but I remember it vividly and completely.
