{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286988","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116392","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4780,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/988/mufon-5286988.json","updb_database_id":5286988}
There are neighbors acting as martians

In my vehicle..they keep trappi g vehicles atached to mine that bring no where bit trapped as pther people. That dead me just to look threw my eyee to see my personal information naked pictures ec. Thay have deadi g animals swit hing nodies asking me to report it to free each and everyone of them. They just poisioned my body by connecting me to anothrer person that it switched my body for for hi. To jave a lifetime as me the only one that tr to report what it did. It trapped me to trap a bunch people to be himan.. It has been pi
Utting dieseased humans on me to cleanse them.. Constantly soiling my body parts and now i see this what lpoks like a black and white realm just to keep me trapped in my home and play crazy for them necause there busted for tryo g to live in my home.and gave babies and keep fucking themselves as one blindly. I have been eeporting them trapping my kids and anonals my family to do the same. It just drove me fucking crazy for payment to provide them with a fake as life . i now smell like three day old solied body parts.. Cause the eveil ones wifes wont shower the wait for a martian to switch there bodies with a cleaned person. The neighbors have loaned my doorway to a fucking martian they keep olluminating themselves as. Asking me to walk t.hrougnit so they can play house with a bunch of people they have trapped. I know it just trapped mr e i. Someon elese head again. Just to drive me crazy. They keep playing like its a game to to keep transforming clones into whoever betti g on whos going to go crazy first.. A bunch a sociopaths. That wont stop traveling through a doorway that opens past lifes dimenaion etc. Im embodied by someone else and once o report this hes gonna run to the government as if hes the one reporting because they keep posioning my mind.. My body. As aoo. As i showeer it soaks it up. They have found a way to switch my feet for them to leav threw trap doorway or vice versa wnteri to them as me and my kids. As soon as i do sonething it cusrse me foee mnot obeying them. I refuse to keep paying for my laundry to be soiled for them to live in whatever color mist allows them to live as whoever they think is free. They have soiled everynew pair of clothes i own every old pair of clothes i own every shoe i own every bath i bathe in in sink i usw to wash every piece of food i intakw. Spitting in my deinks forcing to swallow bodily fluids. Making me frantic so the things i say dont make sense then blaminf on the government.. One minute its magic and they can fix ot next minute they claim to be threatn with there lifes if i end up dead.. I know theu have sufgocated meseveral tomes 
Raped me and hey dont care that im typing this becasue they trapped me around a bunch physco that wont open there doors and stop coming in mine. They have loterally used my aligments to be real to whoever. Everytome i go to the doctora to be treated everythi g comes back negative even though theres clearly diacharge and a odor o rash low blood pressure they blane on poor diet. That may be due to the fact that soneone w
Else is eating my nutrients. 
They prescribe me meds tojust to trwat other people as me and leave me feeling one emotions or no emeotions and as soon as i tell them no they immediately change my emotions to happiness trying to avoid there guilt. An excuse for them to ruining shit. I have a hernia that they kep eeupting through intercorse i smelled blood right sfter it penetrated me a mutant version of a himan that keeps injecting me with it poisonoius bodily fluids. There excuse it because it happened to them. But im sure they didnt give a fuck when they willing pleasurd him as a human... I am sick and feeling lime i am going to die..There cannibalism is very real due to them eating spoiled food out the garbage because i wont lone them ebmevry fresh piece of food i buy. What the fuck am i suppose to eat. They keep walko g threw my home popping in out of doorways and avoiding the fact they tried combi ing me as one with children that they infected on purpose. By refusing to give me back my fredom. Puropsely trapped them to live as them same with the pets.
