{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-02 18:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520988","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35406","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/988/mufon-5520988.json","updb_database_id":5520988}
Star like. Blended with stars to perfection.

THIS DAY for me personally was a day of thriving and defeating obstacles. I was on foot from a friends home heading homeward. Sun had set. I was passing through the Enfield town green, and stopped at the fountain in front of our Town Hall to sit as I do often here. I looked skyward into a clear cloudless sky. Most immediately I saw a "star" shift, and watched close. It stayed still for a short time, and then streaked spacebound or I think. What I saw was a brief flash of light in shape of a line, then nothing. FROM MY VIEW, the line was approx 500 ft. I continued my walk home. Stopping as routine at the Veterans Memorial on the town green. I circled the memorial leaving 4 signs I burned into wood at the base of the Memorial. "Povertys End" "Building World" and "Community". Leaving a childs size leather coat in red white and blue on the flagpost I then found a place to sit. My focus now up, I see three or maybe more of the same starlike objects, it seemed as if they were patrolling the town green. I watched for possibly one half hour but I wasnt thinking in digital time so I may be inaccurate. I continue on and watched them as I walked the last mile home. They seemed to follow me I cant be sure, but it felt like it. I then had a brief jolt of fear shoot through me. Then thought this is ok, you will sleep tonight and wake tomorrow. I gave a last glance skyward as I opened the door. Bumping my chest in a sign of respect, I went to my room and thrived. I have to add this: I do not remember many dreams after being involved in a head on collision. This night I remember vividly what I saw in my sleep. I will only say here, three things were most prominent:  NATURE FLIGHT  AND TIME.
