{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499988","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59129","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3343,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/988/mufon-5499988.json","updb_database_id":5499988}
{rjl} observed object hovering in sky with naked eye. got binoculars and observed for 4 1/2 hr. it pulsed flashing ejected objects.

Went outside to sit in cool nite air. I noticed the object because i could see it was hovering and swaying in an ark while going in a random circular or zigzag path. I thought right away this is a ufo. Even before i got binoculars. I lived near a military base for 3 yrs. And in my whole life never saw anything move like this. Once i observed it with binoculars. I was sure it was a ufo. The binoculars are 7 x 35wide angle. By vivtar. The object hovered in the same location the whole time. It moved side to side in swaying arc and zigzaged and circle patterns. But in a series of rapid tight moves. It shot out at least six glowing white orbs that traveled down past the horizon. Two of these there was a light that flashed from the ground after they went behind the tree line. And several of the orbs flew horizontal from the craft occasionaly fladhing single flashes at a time. And afterwards i was aexcited.while the craft was movibg in flight it was changing its attitude. You could see it horizontal verticle from the side. Its lights flashed first 3 the all the colors i mentioned rose white orange yellow and blue. And the lights seemed to be flashing in a circular pattern. Sometimes completing the circle and then others it would do certain sections in repitition varring back and forth. And the lights were in color clustered sections. With a larger light in center with 3spoke s of lights from center to ring of lights. Pulsing the whole time. The last couple hrs. It was all white light and while they still had the outer ring of lights the inside changed patterns and size. Pulsi g the whole time. It alsoseemed to be emitting a plasma or vapor trail that kind of whiped out from the object as it moved. I lost sight of it pre dawn. When some light cloud cover obscured it. It didnt make any sound i could hear. I did not feel threatened. I was excited. And amazed. However the cows on the farm across from us were making alot of moise. Several times i shined a flashlight up at the orbs and a flash followed shortly. In response? I dont know. But it was within seconds of my flash it responded. And i was glad we had a family friend. Staying the nite who observed it with me for about the first 90 minutes. Afterwards i was thrilled to have wittnessed it. And will be watching for a chance to see it again. The friend who saw it with me was in the navy and never saw anything like it either.
