{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-07 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496988","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62389","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3265,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/988/mufon-5496988.json","updb_database_id":5496988}
{dr}BRIGHT WHITE ARCING FLASHES OF LIGHT COMING FROM A ORANGE/RED BALL OF FIRE.

The first week of Dec.2013 around 6 pm on a overcast day, I was driving home from shopping with my(at the time) 6 year old son when I noticed very bright large arcing flashes of light about 200 to 250 feet off the ground and at least 60 to 100 feet in diameter. At first I thought a helicopter must have crashed into a TV tower or some power-lines, as there is a lot of helicopter traffic and 5 or 6 large TV and radio transmission towers in the area. I pulled into the nearest parking lot to get a better view.

The fireball of light was moving from north to south at a relatively slow rate of speed. As it passed almost directly overhead, it made no sound and the arcing white lights diminished to an orange/red ball of fire. I could not believe what I was seeing, so I asked my son if what was in the sky looked like a helicopter; he gave me a strange look and said "that's a ball of fire Daddy". My brain was now shrinking to the size of a peanut.

The fire coming from the bottom looked very similar to the videos you see of close ups of the sun and the spectacular lights emitting from the top looked similar to the flashes emitted while welding. 

It came to a stop over a pond not far away and began to ascend straight up through the clouds until we could no longer see it.

As we turned to head back to our truck, I noticed two other people in the parking lot still looking into the sky where we last saw the fireball. One of them shouted something like "what the BLANK was that". Still shaken, we continued to the truck when I heard the unmistakable roaring sound of military aircraft with their after-burners on, just above the cloud cover.I could feel the ground shaking but, I couldn't see the jets because of the clouds. I've lived in Jacksonville most of my life where we have two Naval bases, and I know the sound of jet-fighters w/after-burners on.

When we got home, my son ran to tell his Mommy "we saw a UFO". After hearing the story, my wife asked me why I had not talked to the people in the parking lot to corroborate our story. I guess I wasn't thinking of that since my brain at the time was the size of a peanut.

Our close proximity to the object leaves no doubt in my mind this thing was not of this Earth.I can't believe it was so close.I used to make fun of people who made such claims and that's why I waited so long to tell my story.This has changed my life forever and has since, sent me on a quest to find out just what it was we saw, what are they doing here and will IT or THEY harm us.

My eyes are open now and I will never be the same.
