{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-01-15 22:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513988","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44257","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":19544,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/988/mufon-5513988.json","updb_database_id":5513988}
Twice The Size Of A Football Field

Through The Looking Glass, Outside The Fishbow

I feel it is my duty as a human being and fellow citizen to share this with the world. Hopefully mainstream scientists will also take this seriously as it might be helpful in case we are confronted by a major, profound discovery.

I had a life altering experience over 30 years ago around the late 70s or early 80s. I still remember it today as if it happened yesterday. Every time when I used to tell my story, I would literally relive the whole experience. What I mean by 1used to tell1 is because I no longer bother. Nobody listens, nobody cares and most don1t believe it anyway. On that note, I1m going to tell it for the last time on this, my first blog. I1m just Joe citizen with an above average interest in science and nature. I1m not an author or a writer, just a one finger typer.

Through The Looking Glass

Around the winter of around 1980, January perhaps, I just got off work at 9:30 P.M. from the auto dealership. I was a car salesman at the time. I started driving towards the city of Toronto, Canada, on the QEW (Queen Elizabeth Way) eastbound to meet some friends at a bar on the Esplanad (a street lined with nightclubs). I was not under the influence of any drug or alcohol.

As I was driving, I noticed a string of lights slowly rotating counter clockwise over the city of Toronto, at about the ten o1clock position from my point of view. This caught my eye because these formation of lights were very unusual. The lights were evidently in a circular pattern with about two thirds visible as the other third rotated out of view. Imagine a pie plate with about 25 lights around the circumference of it. As this 1pie plate1 would revolve, a third of these lights would be hidden from view as if they were obstructed by a solid body. It was at night so all I could see was these rotating string of lights but they were definitely on a 1fixed1 platform as the lights were revolving in unison.

Although I1ve heard of UFO1s and was curious, at that time in my life, I didn1t really give that much thought about them. I1ve always been interested in nature and especially about the universe. I1ve seen all kinds of aircraft and advertising blimps at night before. I drove taxi1s off and on for fifteen years on the night shift and have seen countless meteors, lightening, satellites etc. On two occasions I1ve even seen extremely bright, slow falling, green fireball meteors lighting up the ground, for a couple of seconds, as if it was daylight . I1ve read, in later years, were other witnesses reported green fireballs as UFO1s. I chuckled to myself thinking how easily 1UFO believers1 can be fooled by natural phenomenon.

Anyway, these circle of lights were slowly descending and approaching towards me (westbound), while I was driving about 115 kilometers per hour on the highway (eastbound). These lights were getting closer and closer as 1we1 approached each other. I recall thinking to myself that this must be some kind of advertising balloon and those lights were letters. As I kept driving, I was paying more and more attention to this object because the closer it was getting, the more unusual it looked. I kept glancing at it, while driving, waiting until it was close enough to read what these letters were saying, still thinking it was some kind of advertising blimp. The closer it got, the more I looked at it. Now at my nine o1clock position, the string of rotating lights appeared to bank left like an airplane would 1turning right1. Actually it wasn1t banking at all. It was dipping forward pointing towards the ground. At this point, I realized that these lights were not letters at all. They were different shaped, yellowish white lights. The reason these lights were different in shape was because they appeared to be 1inset1 into some solid body. When the lights were seen head on, they were circular. But as they rotated out of 1direct1 view, they changed shape like the different crescents of the moon. That1s why they appeared to be all different shapes.

During the time when this object started to bank left, or I thought from my point of view, I was struggling with myself trying to understand whether this was a plane, blimp, or a balloon. It was flying too slow for a plane, yet, too fast for a blimp. Also, it didn1t appear to be flying or floating. The best way I can describe its motion is that it looked like it was 1sailing1 in the sky.

What1s interesting here is that the human brain tries to associate what the eyes are seeing, to something already seen or experienced before. That1s why I was at war with myself trying to decide whether this object was a plane, blimp or a balloon. Every time I resigned myself to what I must be witnessing, I jumped to another conclusion. This jumping from one conclusion to another occurred during the whole experience. I was imagining all kinds of things. For example, if it was a plane, the only way these lights could have been positioned was in a circle because this plane must have had some kind of supporting structure in a circle from wing tip to wing tip. This didn1t make any sense at all. I1ve seen advertising planes before. This was nothing like this. Not even close. Than I was trying to imagine a 1Goodyear blimp1 with these letters going across it1s side. This was nothing like it either. So here I was, trying to drive and watch this object at the same time. As I was driving, I started to slow down because I kept looking at this circle of lights more than the road ahead of me. In retrospect, I don1t even know how I kept my car on the road because I was so awed by this display in the sky. As the object kept dipping forward more and more, it eventually ended up totally perpendicular to the ground! The first thing that came to mind was a big Ferris wheel rotating in the sky. I couldn1t believe what I was seeing. At this point I slowed down to about 50 KPH (30 miles an hour in a 60 MPH highway for my American friends) and put my four way, flashing hazard lights on my car fearing that another car would crash into the back of me for going so slow on a 100 KPH highway.

As I was mesmerized by this strange looking object, a surge of adrenaline hit me like a ton of bricks. I didn1t realize how BIG this thing was. At first I thought it was the size of an airplane fairly close. IT WAS GIGANTIC! Absolutely enormous in size. At least twice the size of a football field, bigger than an aircraft carrier! It must have been miles away. I don1t know what gave away it1s size. Maybe the reflections of light on the ground. The best way I can relate this sudden realization is like one of those illusions most of us have seen. You know, when you look at a pixel drawing with an image you can1t see until you stare at it for a while? After a period of time, you make out the face of a women or something like that? That1s kind of the transformation I experienced. At first I thought the object was the size of a large plane than suddenly I REALLY saw it. IT WAS HUGE!!! I yelled out loud to my self, 1Holey F**k, IT1S HUGE!!!1. I don1t F***ing believe it, it1s F***ing HUGE!!!. I thought it was fairly close at first, than bang!, it was much farther away and larger than my brain first comprehended it. Speaking about this surge of adrenaline. Have you ever had a really close call having a car accident? When your heart rate skyrockets to about 180 beats per minute? That1s what I felt when I realized how Gargantuan this object was! I could actually feel my heart pounding like crazy. To be frank, it then literally scared the hell out of me, when I realized how big it was. At this point, I rolled down my window and pointed to this giant 1Ferris wheel1 in the sky to the other motorists, but it appeared no one seemed to notice as they screamed by me at regular highway speeds. I remember how cold it was when I rolled down my window. It was something like minus 30 Celsius below zero.

After, I don1t know how long, probably only a few seconds of rotating in this perpendicular position, this thing started to climb and right itself and 1sail1 back to the direction it originally came from. I rolled up my window, turned off my hazard lights, and started to speed up to chase it. Still it seemed other motorists didn1t notice this object. That still irks me to this day. As I was approaching the city limits, this object was in it1s flat position again climbing over the city. Then, all of a sudden, the rotating lights turned off except for a red 1aircraft like1 blinking light (which I never noticed before). After a few seconds, the rotating lights turned on again. It was like in the movie 1Close Encounters Of The Third Kind1. The lights just blasted on. Than after a few seconds they turned off again as it seemed to be right over the city. Strange behavior. Now I was exiting off of the highway on to Spadina Rd. I lost track of these lights because of the tall buildings. When I was on the street where I was going, I saw a cop parked on the other side of the road writing a parking ticked. I stopped in the middle of the road and ran over to him. He was quite taken aback by my seemingly aggressive approach. I asked him, 1how long have you been here?1 I forgot what he said, but I asked, 1did you see that big circle of lights flying in the sky? He said 1no1. After parking my car, I met my friends at the bar, 1Bailey1s1, and told them what happened but they didn1t take me seriously as they1ve already had a few and were more interested in the ladies.

After sitting at the bar by myself for an hour or so I went home. I was living at my parent1s house at the time, temporarily, so when I got home around 11 P.M., I called the police. I didn1t know who else to phone at the time. They didn1t take me seriously of course so after that, I phoned the Toronto International Airport and managed to get through to Air Traffic Control and asked them if they had anyone call in with a UFO report. Nothing. So I called the police again and convinced them to take me seriously as I wanted to make a report. They told me they can send a couple of officers to my house. As it was late and my parents were asleep, I told them I1d rather come to the station the next day to report. Next morning, when I contemplated going in I decided not to, fearing they would think I1m some kind of wacko UFO fanatic.

As the days went by, scanning the newspapers looking for a 1UFO sighting1 to no avail, I started doubting myself. I was trying to convince myself that perhaps I was somehow mistaken. Maybe it was something not out of the ordinary at all. Maybe it was a balloon or airplane of some kind. Maybe like thousands of others, I witnessed something that I misinterpreted for something else.

About a week or so later, on or about the tenth page of the Toronto Star or Toronto Sun, bottom right hand corner, there it was! A short article. 1Dozens of Mississauga residents reported a UFO as big as a football field.1 I don1t recall the whole article. 1Finally1 I said to myself. 1I knew it was real1, 1I knew I didn1t imagine this1. I1ll never, ever, doubt myself again no matter how much ridicule I1ll be subjected to. I have two regrets however. One is It didn1t occur to me at the time to contact the media instead of the police and the airport. My second regret is I wish I had others with me to have this one in a million experience.

So there you have it. I won a lottery of sorts. Don1t believe me? I don1t care. Still interested? Keep reading.

Now before, you the readers, pass judgment on me, please take the time to read what I have to say. I1m NOT a 1UFO believer1 per say. In other words, I1m not a tin hat UFO fanatic who embraces this enigma as some kind of new age religion waiting for aliens from space to save mankind from himself. December 22, 2012 will just be another work day and life will keep going on. Yup, we still have to go to work and pay our bills, no need to stock up on water, weapons or Ensure. As I stated at the beginning, I1m just Joe citizen with above average interest in science and nature who had a truly unbelievable experience which is extremely difficult to explain let alone believe. Hell, if someone were to tell me the same story, I would have a hard time believing it also. I gave up 1selling1 my experience many years ago as it falls on deaf ears anyway. I1ve written to President Jimmy Carter (a witness), President Ronald Reagan (also a witness), George W. Bush and never received a response1as expected of course. Hell they1re just politicians, figureheads who come and go. What do they really know? I1ve also sent my experience to my favorite, colorful, theoretical physicist, Dr. Michio Kaku. At least to my surprise he took the time and responded when I asked him why mainstream scientists shy away from this UFO business. He wrote back and said that it was because of the 1the giggle factor1. I can understand that since hard-core scientists need to be able to study the data in a controlled laboratory setting. So from now on, I won1t use 1UFO1 as an abbreviation for 1Unidentified Flying Object1 as this means anything flying in the sky which cannot be identified because of lack of data or the ignorance of the witness or witnesses. This accounts for about 90% of reports made. I will refer to this enigma as 1UAPs1, 1Unidentified Arial Phenomenon1 meaning after strict scientific scrutiny, with verifiable data, qualified witnesses and the sighting still remains unidentified. This accounts for approximately 10% of the real, genuine reports of UAPs.

Since this incident over 30 years ago, I1ve collected hundreds of newspaper clippings, watched countless documentaries, and since the advent of the internet I1ve downloaded gigabytes of reports, videos, documentaries, information and data. I1ve watched countless video clips on YouTube and laughed at all the B.S. and ignorance from the submitters. To them, any light in the sky is an 1alien invasion1. Absurd. I1ve been receiving UAP reports, worldwide, everyday for the last 15 years. Even after all these decades of researching and reading, I still don1t know what this giant object was or what this phenomenon represents. I cannot be objective when it comes to this phenomenon because I saw it with my own eyes. Absolutely no doubt about it. I1m 110% sure it was real. I know what I saw. I1m not stupid or that ignorant so there is no point debating my reports1 authenticity or my integrity. Folks will have to take my story at face value, believe it or not, I simply don1t care anymore. I don1t have an ego to bruise, a career to protect, or a reputation to lose. So what do I have to gain here by telling a tall tale, opening myself up to even more ridicule?

Over the years I1ve come up with many theories and yet the answer still eludes me. Perhaps there1s someone out in the world who has some answers. I want to know. If only mainstream scientist1s would pull their head out of the sand and seriously investigate my experience along with millions of other witnesses. Mainstream scientists reasoning is 1it couldn1t be, therefore it isn1t1. One theory of mine was I thought it might be some kind of secret American aircraft. But than after years of thinking and theorizing I asked myself, why would the U.S be testing top secret aircraft in the middle of winter, over a large Canadian city? Than I thought of the 1UFO believer1s1 simplistic idea that UAPs represent extraterrestrial space craft visiting our speck of a world in this vast, ancient cosmos. It was a plausible theory at first but after thinking about it a lot, I disregarded that idea also. If an advanced extraterrestrial race were observing us, they would do it from a distance and we humans would not be aware of it, unless these close encounter reports were deliberate in nature. It1s what our scientists do now. Does a herd of Zebra know they1re being observed by an aircraft kilometers away with high powered camera1s manned by humans? Are a colony of ants aware that their anthill is only a hundred meters away from a runway of an international airport with Homo Sapiens onboard airplanes with laptops and smartphones? The reason I use this analogy is because of the age of the cosmos and our very short time in it. Science and logic dictates to me that the universe is teaming with life and most of it is beyond human comprehension. Advanced civilizations would be so far above us on the evolutionary scale as we are over a virus. In my opinion, the odds of direct communication with an advanced extraterrestrial civilization is highly unlikely. And even if we were confronted by an advanced civilization, would we even recognize it for what it was? But than, what the hell do I/we know anyway? We know more about our Solar System than the bottom of our own oceans!

Outside The Fishbowl

I1m absolutely convinced I had a glimpse of some kind of 1craft1 from another reality. One that is invisible to us naturally or by design. I also surmise that we are on the verge of a major, profound discovery. One that will change the world as we know it. I hope I1ll still be above ground to see it so that I1ll have some kind of closure. This enormous nuts and bolts craft didn1t belong here in our everyday world. What1s really disturbing to me here is that advanced nations around the globe are aware of this phenomenon also and are doing their best to play down reports and documents released under the Freedom Of Information Act. Their silence is deafening, especially when there are many reports of warplanes chasing UAPs (including a report from The Toronto Star in 1979) and the objects are reported to be orbiting, flying circles around planes as if they are stationary. Deliberately evading the jets with unbelievable, instantaneous bursts of speed, outdistancing our fastest aircraft covering many miles literally in a second, in a blink of an eye! There is some intelligence at work here. Perhaps the 1UFO Believers1 have one thing right. There must be some kind of international cover-up regarding UAPs that have been reported for centuries around the globe. Reports of 1airship1 sightings were made even before man learned to fly!

I1ve seen through the looking glass, outside the fishbowl.

Thanks for reading and listening.
