{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-01-12 23:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467988","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7058,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/988/mufon-5467988.json","updb_database_id":5467988}
I'm an alien myself

I'm an alien myself
My history.
 I have memories of the presence on the space object, and not just the presence, but also the participation in theirs (or our?) Program. Due to the fact that I can not remember the source of these memories, I'm not sure of their authenticity, to confirm or deny it I need retro hypnosis, it seems so called.
 So, memories: I arrived at the "station," or whatever it might be called. Where from? I do not remember how I got back from the job, although I did not need to report, or just looked into the "guests", but I came from somewhere, on what or how, I do not remember. In my field of vision, a person of 20, (a person ?, I'm not sure if they were all dogs and I, too, now I would remember them by people), it seems, were even in white coats, like doctors or scientists. The room is lighted, has two levels, from the upper one you can watch the bottom one, it is somewhere 20-30 meters in length, I do not remember the ceiling, but the floor of the lower floor, or transparent or covered with monitors, which can be turned off. I'm kind of like the first time I see the planet we are above, right through this floor, it's the Earth, blue and beautiful from a height, great height, I see it whole, (it seems to be above the artificial satellites of the Earth, every five or even ten). I do not remember how I communicated, but they explained to me that they are busy sending "agents" to the earthlings, who must warn the earthlings about the catastrophe that awaits the entire planet.But there was an unforeseen complexity, "agents" forget everything cleanly, arriving on Earth. And the "delivery method" of agents, not connected in any way with their physical body, sends only consciousness (can the soul?). They are born in human form and live among people, but do not remember anything about the task. Here I also volunteered to be such an "agent": maybe I'm more lucky. Permission was not received right away, there was also a hierarchy of power, but received a warning: since I volunteered myself, I will not have his support, (HE? ..., I have not seen anyone, can their boss be? , a riddle). The process of the mandrel is worked out, there are no malfunctions, I was offered to lie down on the table, which stood right in the middle of the transparent floor (at that moment it was already dark gray, not transparent), the table itself is three meters long, one and a half wide, then 0,7 meters, the table top made of thick glass milk color, thickness of 15-25 cm, this is the apparatus of separation of consciousness from the body. I then thought about my Karma, if I forget everything, I can spoil my Karma, then to fix it, I have only three rebirths in reserve, there will be no more time. On this my "space" memories come to an end, strange human beings begin. I remember that no cry from my mother that she took me from very cold weights for babies (the cold just crashed into my memory), I remember that I'm sitting in the sandbox and I keep telling myself: I will not forget .. I will not forget ... What will I not forget? Can what a child offense, about which they said: .. he will soon forget.Or it's about your task, but I definitely did not want to forget something. And like I then tried to make myself an installation: I'll remember in 30 (or 50) years, something like self-hypnosis, maybe it's already my fantasies. I do not have any "super abilities", although I still fly in a dream, and I already consider myself to be old, and not only me, but sometimes, waking up, I hear the last phrase I said, I suddenly understand that I am this language, simply not I know, there are no such concepts on this planet either. I already wrote on this forum in another thread. I feel like a person, and I know that I am a person, but this memory has made me more an observer than a participant in this life. And this is for all that I do not know, is it true that I remember.
 For a very long time I was tormented by one question: what catastrophe should I warn the earthlings? Why do not I remember the most important thing? It was this question that cast doubt on my memories, and the meaning of that warning, which I have not yet described in this confession, namely: save your souls !, only those will be saved by those who sent me here, but not all .
How to treat a person to such a delusional advice, if he grew up in an atheist family, and himself became an atheist, in the church I was three times in my life, out of curiosity rather than because of faith, in general the church itself is an organization striving to grow rich due to faith other people, nothing to do with spirituality! The very place, the temple, the focus of all the complaints, the human grief and sins that people carry there to pray, turns out to be a very dangerous place. Conclusion: spirituality does not depend on faith !, or visit the temple itself!
 Why did I decide to put all this nonsense on the general review? It seems that my time passes, and I remembered all this, purely by accident, when the word "fractals" started to google, like what does it mean? And accidentally stumbled, according to one of the references, to the creation of Jose Arguelles: "Report of the expedition from Arcturus ....", From this creation, I could understand, a maximum of a fifth, maybe even less, but he suddenly described what I myself could remember: a space object in the Earth's orbit. And another event prompted me to write it all: I think I understood why I do not remember what disaster should be warned, simply because there are several of them! (thank you). No one will survive the latter, there will be a pause on Earth. And trouble will come from outer space, it can not be turned away. 
Well, I fulfilled my mission halfway, now I can die peacefully (it seems this is the only way to return), you just have to wait, I suspect that this is my second reincarnation, maybe the third one will not be needed. Of course, before publishing this confession, I would like to receive confirmation, with the help of hypnosis, but for all my attempts to get help, there was silence, so I untie the untested information and spread it. All that I have.
 If these memories were true, then maybe I had other instructions, maybe somehow they can be contacted and get answers, I do not remember that. I do not expect comments, they do not need me, and I do not need to seek help, I do not care.

Machine translate.
