{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-08 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485988","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73733","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/988/mufon-5485988.json","updb_database_id":5485988}
Rectangular craft or object that glows appeared over house.

I was up late (as usual) and I was playing a game on my computer. Afterwards I left the computer to get a redbull and it was dark thoughtout the house, I got my redbull, as I was returning, the room (living room) lit up (bright, but no too bright that I couldn't see anything) the light was coming from outside, as I seen rays through the glass doors (like sunrays, like natural rays of light). When I looked though the doors I seen something I didn't expect. Firstly, I like to say that I don't think there is extraterrestrial visitors and my skepticism isn't really shaken by this event but only mufon is probably the only org that'll take me seriously.
Anyway, I looked out the window to see a flat rectangular object that had two lights (bright yellow, but still not bright enough that I couldn't see the outline of the "craft" after a second of vision adjustment). I felt buzzing and heat, my cat ran through the house (I didn't see him but heard what I assume to be my cat run through the house, as he is large and was out in the kitchen), but otherwise it was hovering, not moving at all.
It was over my neighbors home and about a second afterwards it started to drop what I can only call as orbs, for a lack of a better word. They were yellow, orange and looked like snow, hundreds of orbs rained down. I was scared at this point and ran into my room and shut the doors and turned on all the lights in my room, I put my self in the corner of the room and waited until I felt the buzzing stopped and I remained there for about ten minutes and felt shakenup. I laid on my bed until I heard birds outside, it was lightout, I went outside finally (as I went out the object wasn't there and it was a normal clear morning), I inspected the lawn and it all seemed normal. I'm considering seeing a doctor, as I may have imagined it, but that has never happened to me and I have not mental disorders or disabilities. If it was object (aka it was what I seen), then I have to go with the idea that it's advanced in nature, military perhaps, but in New Zealand, we don't have a very big airforce.
