{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287890","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115482","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2666,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/890/mufon-5287890.json","updb_database_id":5287890}
Large V-shaped object glided thru the night

On the night of May 23rd, 2011, I lived in Amelia, OH. I worked retail management but was home for the evening. During dinner a powerful storm came thru the area and knocked out power at my place of employment. I went in to handle the power outage and was at the location until around midnight. I left at that time and proceeded to drive home. After getting off of the 275, I drove east on Ohio Pike back towards Amelia. As I neared the intersection of Bach-Buxton and Ohio Pike I noticed to the northeast of my position what appeared to be a airplane flying very low towards Kentucky. The plane appeared to be coming from the northeast and moving towards the southwest. But as I said, it was flying very low. It also appeared to be flying very slowly. As I continued east on Ohio Pike the object appeared to be moving at a snail's pace. Finally, I pulled into Woodlands Dr. and started driving north on Woodlands Dr. towards the object. As I got to the end of Woodlands Dr., I got out of my vehicle as the object was getting ready to pass overhead.

As I looked up, the object had five lights shining down. One at each end, then another set of lights, one opposite of each other, all leading towards a final point of light at the very front. The lights made a v-shape with the point of the v heading southeast. But what struck me wasn't the size of this object (though it was large) but how quiet it all was. There was no sound. No engine sound. No sound of a rotor. Nothing. You couldn't hear the leaves on the tress rustling. Nothing. It was like nothing was there but yet here I was, standing on the street, looking up at something gliding above me. The object just glided across the night sky.

I drove home from there and was home a minute later. Walking into my kitchen, I looked out to see if I could see the object but I couldn't. But then, about a minute after that, a jet flew over my house heading in the exact same direction. But this time you could hear the jet. It was moving quickly like it was chasing.... something.
