{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503890","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55024","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6048,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/890/mufon-5503890.json","updb_database_id":5503890}
{kt}Awesome Light Ship Performing Ariel Feats Not Possible With A Known Current Aeronautic Technology.

My husband went outside our front door to smoke a cigarette. He came running back in the house screaming my name, yelling, "Come outside!" He was running so hard through our house, his hands smacking the walls, as he was running down the main hallway, that he was shaking the house. I actually thought we were possibly having a small earthquake. I yelled back at him, "Hold On!" Before I could even get outside, he came back inside screaming for me and my son to HURRY UP! My son and I go outside and see at eye level, why he was so excited. A brilliant, absolutely gorgeous, sphere was at tree top level, directly across the street from your home, hovering directly over our neighbor's large pine tree. It turned colors from a aqua/neon blue, a cobalt blue, a bright red, a hot white and emerald green. After capturing our full attention, the air show began. The maneuvering capability of this light ship was beyond all comprehension. It would arch it's flight path in a "C" shape jumping over the top of the pine tree, hopping back and forth, over the top of the tree with ease and back again. It would stop about 50' from the left side of the tree top, hover, then free fall to below the tree line, then ascend straight up faster they anything you could ever see at Six Flaggs, hover again, go behind the tree, jump over the tree, free fall halfway, stop in mid air, free fall again, then ascend straight up, hover on and on and on and on. This lasted for approximately thirty minutes. My husband had the time to go back inside to find his camera, scrambling to find the right camera lens, running inside and outside and he was successful in video taping the light ship. I have tired to upload the 2 clips but I believe one of the two, is too large. I will try again. The ship remained until our age teenage neighbor and his companion arrived by car at their home, where the action was taken place over their heads. As they drove up, they could clearly see the three of us standing in our driveway, excited and my husband with a camera in his hand filming the sky above their home. They naturally crossed the street and walked into our driveway to see what we were doing and to see what we were looking at. It was at this point that the ship dematerialized, as seen on the second video tape attached. I believe it dematerialized because my husband was informing the teens as they were crossing the street, that it was a "UFO" and the two teenagers might have become afraid and the light ship literally dematerialized, just as the two teens were turning to look at it, from our driveway vantage point. I believe this was a completely peaceful contact experience and the "ET's" are so kind in fact, that if someone becomes afraid, they will dematerialize their ships to avoid causing anyone, any emotional duress whatsoever. I even tried to tell the teens to not be afraid but the ship did not rematerialized in their presence. We had to show them the video so they would not think we were all crazy. Please excuse my husband's profanity in the videos, as he was so frenzied and frantic to film this sighting, that we can now both laugh at his reaction. I, on the other hand, was talking to the craft, thanking it for this awesome experience, asking it if we could photograph it, etc., and my husband clearly wanted me to "SHUT UP!" Our conversation on the audio is hilarious. The experience and sighting left me so incredibly happy for hours. While watching it live, I left like I could predict it's next movements. My husband would say, "It's gone." I found myself responding, "No it's not, it is going to come out from behind the tree and drop straight down" and it would. I seriously felt like I was somehow communicating with it and could direct my husband where to point his camera next to try to capture this fast moving object again and again. The best part of this whole experience was that just prior to my husband going to have a smoke outside and seeing this craft at eye level, he and I had just had a brief exchange /squabble about ET's. Ironically or not, below are the details of our discussion just minutes before his initial sighting. In a nutshell, I am a huge fan of Dr. Steven Greer. I have his ET contact app on my cell phone. I was in our bedroom listening to a PODCAST with Dr. Greer about the details of his near death experience and I paused the PODCAST to find my husband in our living room, to tell him about it. I told my husband, unsolicited of course, that I too, like Dr. Greer, believe that when we die, we go to where we are, consciously and cosmically. So, I was nagging my husband for the 100th time, that I wanted him to increase his conscious awareness, start meditating immediately, quit smoking yesterday and be at a higher level of consciousness, so that by the time we both die, we might have the chance to know each again in another dimension, pending that he cultivate his cosmic awareness. After that lettuce, I walked back to our bedroom to resume my PODCAST with Dr. Greer and my husband walked outside and into another dimension. Thank you ET, thank you MUFON and thank you Dr. Steven Greer
