{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-23 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456890","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104693","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4512,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/890/mufon-5456890.json","updb_database_id":5456890}
{tjd} UFO sighting caused temporary involuntary paralysis, temporary involuntary crossing of the eyes. Sighting was in external and local vision

SHAPE OF OBJECT(S): Diamond / Star Like / Disc / Unknown

One night in my back yard at the time, I was star gazing while seated in a chair. While star gazing, looking straight up at about a 90 degree head tilt, I saw what appeared to be a satellite traversing the sky in a north westerly direction. The satellite looked like a slow moving distant star, moving at a slow pace across the sky. An airplane was heard to the west, where it caught my attention. I looked in the direction of where I heard the plane and after the plane was gone, I tried to locate the satellite, with no luck. I tried to find the satellite for about 30 minutes before giving up, thinking that it made its way out of my line of sight. 

As I gave up and looked straight up at around the same 90 degree head tilt, I saw another satellite, like a de ja vu, exactly where I discovered the first satellite, traveling in the same trajectory and speed. I was surprised and confused about seeing it again / seeing another one, going in the same north westerly direction. Then that sense of confusion seemed to over come me, in an induced, artificial way, and I noticed that the satellite, stopped moving. I noticed that as the induced feeling of confusion and empty minded dumbfoundedness came over me, I tried to move, and couldn't. My mouth agape and body unable to move, I sat looking up at the satellite. Then I noticed that my left eye began to cross, so now as I look at the satellite, it appears as though I'm looking straight into two of them. As my eyes are crossed, the satellite changed the way light was being emitted from it, and as it does this, it begins to spin, and it appeared to me as if I was looking straight into two spinning diamonds. This added to the hypnotic effect I was already feeling. After the spinning took place the satellite shot straight up into space.

I was still there, involuntarily paralyzed and cross eyed, looking straight up while seated in the chair. Then, I see the outline of a spinning disc / saucer. The out line of the saucer is illuminated by lights on the exterior that look exactly like the original satellite I saw. As it moved down my fixed line of sight, spinning, the saucer materialized / was illuminated and the exterior was observably metallic looking. As it kept moving down my fixed line of sight, spinning, the metallic disc began to get more brightly illuminated until the disc appeared to be glowing white. It got so bright that it flashed brightly. After the flash the saucer appeared to leave a tail of ectoplasmic looking light, which faded away quickly. The saucer quickly dimmed back into a black outline again, but in this instance, the saucer seemed to be manifesting in my local visual perception. 

The above described that happened before the bright flash looked like an external phenomenon. What I mean by local visual perception, is like, when you see imprints of the last light source when you close your eyes, the vision appears to be internal compared to things observed externally, outside of your body. After the flash took place in my local, internal vision, the saucer didn't look like it was flying out in the sky at this point. After the flash, the saucer went dark with no lights outlining it, still traveling down my line of fixed crossed eyed sight, blocking out the light of the stars behind it. As it moved out of my line of sight, the saucer was not solid, it looked like a wavy, moving body. As it made its way out of my line of sight, it looked like a black wavy blob that disappeared behind the sockets of my eyes. 

After it was completely gone from my sight, I saw my eye uncross and I was able to move again. This episode of involuntary paralysis and being cross eyed lasted about 7 to 10 seconds.
