{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-24 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499890","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59234","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6557,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/890/mufon-5499890.json","updb_database_id":5499890}
{jd} Odd Triangle Shape Aircraft With Odd Lighting and Non-Typical Flight Physics

1. A friend and I went outside to smoke since it is not allowed in the house.

2. Immediately, and before my eyes could adjust, I noticed a low flying object directly south of my position, heading in a N,NE direction(front door of house faces south). We moved away from the house, so the indoor lights would not hinder the view of the night sky. At this point, we witnessed two similar objects west of my location. They stayed west of us and proceeded north. I was unable to firm up a decent description or comparison to other UFOs seen tonight. They were just a bit to far for my eyes. Another single object appeared NE of us. The UFO that I originally observed and this object passed in close proximity (100-200 yards @ same altitude >500ft). Two more object of similar fashion could be seen in the far NW and far NNE of my location. They flew at a much higher altitude most likely, but at that distance, I am well aware of my skewed field of perception.

3. My original thoughts when I noticed the UFOs was sarcastic. This is the norm in the south Graves County sky- flying discs, star-like orbs, other triangle shaped aircraft, along with military or EVAC/Airlift type of helicopters. My sarcasm is also a device to hide a bit of fear from myself. This fear is a result of past experiences that involve extraterrestrial encounters (not abductions events) among other things. I don't want to publish it for all to read. That said, I feel like the US military is piloting the craft I witnessed tonight. If ETs are piloting these UFOs, they are working alongside the government, not opposing them. Nothing about these nightly events suggest a security patrol, a national security threat or operational tactic. My guess is that these are instructional flights to train men and women to pilot new technology. That said, such things make one feel a bit powerless. While I typically see UFO's every night (beginning approx 2.5 - 3 months ago) the exception would be nights with a full moon or overcast. 

4. *MOTION* Regarding tonight's events -as well as all other UFOs events- the craft moved in a glider/ghost like fashion. They bank in an odd way, and seem more fluid and agile than any living or built thing in the sky. It reminds me of Bob Ross' grace with a loaded paintbrush across a fresh canvas. 
*SOUND* Likewise, these things are silent until after they have passed overhead and a bit of distance has come between the rear of the craft and myself. It sounds like a rolling jet engine (large commercial engine sound typical of 757) more than anything, but the UFOs sing tenor while United Airlines sings bass. 
*CRAFT LIGHTING* Abnormally bright white lights (halogen/LED bluish-white are located on the belly of the craft. These lights are bright. The stayed on without any deviance, and just seemed to barely illuminate the body of the craft. In a triangle formation, 3 red lights stood at each angle. Unlike all of the the other triangle craft, two of the lights were on either side of the forward moving/front end, while a single light was at the rear. This, along with the slight glimps provided by the white lights, gave the appearance of a triangle. The triangle craft seen previously had one red light at the nose, and two on the ends of the wings. Also, the previous triangle craft emitted a glow that I assume is from the burning of fuel, but it was only observable from the rear, and sometimes hard to see if not absent on a few of these craft. Tonight, this same glow or light coloration was towards the rear, but not in a standard fighter jet locations. 

5. My feelings regarding tonight's sky along with the other observations I have made equate to frustration, suspicion, and isolated. The isolation is a result of being the one guy alive that simply states the observable- the emperor is naked. My ex-wife gave me the are you 'okay' bit. So, here I a, seeing unbelievable things all the time without any conversation to really be had, lest I risk appearing crazy. If I had a camera with the proper lenses or access to HQ video equipment, I could get over these feelings of helplessness regarding this crazy sky. I have one friend that I can talk to about these things. If she had witnessed several of these events, I would have no one to talk to. When did we quit looking up at the sky?

6. A few flew out of my line of sight, but frankly it was boring compared to other nights. I just went inside after 30 or so minutes.

WORTH NOTING: a) There seems to be a correlation with these sightings and the tireless barking of neighborhood dogs. The barking sounds like someone or something unwelcomed/unknown is trespassing in every single dogs territory. It's unsettling. b) At the onset of this recent string of events, I, as well as one other observer, noticed the seemingly overnight construction of cellphone type towers that are fitted with ELF and GWEN technology. I count 7 such towers in our near the city limits. Mayfield is very small, and only has a population of 10k. I can only speculate. Of course, correlation is not causation, and at this point it is more coincidence. c) Frequently UFOs will turn off all exterior lights and become invisible from the ground. On these nights, they only seem to turn on lights when in proximity of other craft. The lighting used is star-like in appearance, but they are not orbs. 

MY REASONS FOR THE REPORT: 

I hope to hear back from MUFON or other persons that have means to conduct a solid investigation by phone or email. I haven't even started to tell what all I have seen regarding both UFO and alien encounters. More than that, I would love for someone that is trusted in this community to come and spend a week or two in Mayfield/Graves County to investigate my accounts, find other leads/witnesses, but primarily photograph, record, and prove me to be the sane one in a town of zeitgeists.
