{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-29 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522890","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33119","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2974,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/890/mufon-5522890.json","updb_database_id":5522890}
Small

I had just sat down at about 8:50 PM CDT in my south St. Louis city backyard on Saturday 10/29, facing west, when I noticed a lower altitude light in the sky slowly crossing left to right in front of me, very slightly gaining altitude. It was distinctive in appearance, like a 4th of July Roman Candle, yellow-orange-white in color. There appeared to be a smaller white light with it, as if it could be another light on a craft. It was not distinctive in size, about the size of lower elevation plane approaching the St. Louis airport 6 miles away. The craft was yet slightly increasing in altitude. There were no blinking lights, and no discernible sound. I watched it for a few seconds after I'd noticed it and thought it was bright enough and moving slowly enough that I could run in my house, get my camera and take a picture of it. I've never seen a craft with lights like that before and I'm 51, but again, it was more anomalous than surreal. Stepping back outside several seconds later, I got the object in the viewfinder and zoomed in the full 24x optical resolution. I clearly saw a fuzzy circular object, but not with the extending "rays" I was seeing with my eyes. When I pressed the auto-focus, immediately I could no longer see the object in the frame, nor did I see the object move out of the frame. I looked with my eye and noticed the object had significantly dimmed down. The object was not dimming while I could see it with my eyes. The object apparently dimmed down to the point the camera could not pick it up exactly at the time I depressed the auto-focus! I continued to look at the object with my eyes after I tried to take its picture, where I finally did actually see it dim out, quickly, though still rising in altitude - which a Chinese Lantern wouldn't do. July 4th of 2009 and 2010 I and others did see "Chinese Lanterns" pass by the house, but this object looked more like a steady burning Roman Candle with a small white light right beside it. The included "picture" is a "Photoshop" hybrid image of a picture taken at night of my perspective from the event night, with software overlayed anomalous light(s). I would testify that the image is over 90 percent accurate of what I saw with my eyes before I got my camera that night.
