{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-06-15 15:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470890","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89596","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2445,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/890/mufon-5470890.json","updb_database_id":5470890}
{rjl} triangler shape . domed top. underside black with triangle shaped circles. Windows. panels inside Windows

I was at my mom and dad's home. I looked at a strange ball of light in the place where I thought Venus would be in the sky. I loved to star gaze. So it was in the evening hours just before dark. The object was a huge bright object. I ran and got my nephew and big brother and we all observed it. The one object slit into 4 objects one went in each direction. The mother ship as I call it shot straight up in 2 seconds it was gone. The one that came towards us descended down until it leveled off it seemed just a little more than tree top height. I was very young about 12 year old. But I remember seeing the object as I was up close. It was triangle shaped with the top being a little domed shaped. It had no sharp edges. The area where the lights were, were flat panels. One panel will light then move to the next until it made a full circle around the ship. When the light in one panel would go out I could see a metallic panel through the glass. The craft flew until it stopped over the northeast sky and sat for a couple of hours. At this time my brother called the radio station and reported it. They said it had been reported and a jet was in route. We heard and seen the jet. When the jet got close to the object it shot straight up and was gone in seconds. The dates I gave may not be completely right because I am 60 now it's hard to remember exactly the dates but the images of the ship are burned in my memory. I could tell an artist the full description. The underside was circles of triangler shaped circles that had 7 circles until they reached the middle. It was kinda burnt looking maybe the propulsion area. The object did not make a sound as it flew over. Unfortunately we didn't have a camera. We couldn't afford one back then.
