{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491958","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67594","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2770,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/958/mufon-5491958.json","updb_database_id":5491958}
{jpg} Dirt road, hunting, around corner and it was there, hovering, darkened the whole area

My boyfriend and I were hunting. I was driving and he had the rifle. We were on a road that is now closed to the public, over the hills behind the rock quarry in the hills over the Bull Run Water shed. We came around a corner and there it was, in the air. Big as a house, directly overhead. Close and covering much of the sky. We sat there for a few minutes in the truck. Stunned. Then we both got out of the truck and stood there for I have no idea how long. We didn't even talk, really. We just stared at it. Everything was absolutely silent. No birds, no sound at all. So bizarre. Then after, what, 20 minutes? An hour? I don't know, but after a very long time it started to move, very slowly, and still so silent. We watched it move toward the watershed and we watched it move down and over the treetops, silently toward the next hill. Over the hill and gone. "WTF," said my boyfriend. I didn't know what to say. We got back in the truck and decided to head to our friend's home to tell them about it. We got to their house and they were out so we drove home. 

The weirdest thing is neither of us thought about it again until the following weekend at someone's home. A girl said something about UFOs and from across the room he and I caught each other's eye. Holy crap. It hadn't crossed either of our minds over the week. How was that even possible? We talked about it a lot after that though. Why we never even thought or talked about it for a week is just so strange. 

It was a disk, silver with two kind of yellowish lights. One seemed like a power source, pointing toward the ground but it didn't light the ground up. Like you could see a beam of light but it didn't light anything up. And then round lights all around the bubble kind of top. It looked like what you see in the movies, a round disk with a top surrounded by lights. 

I've never written this down before but I've thought of it many times in the years since. And I've seen the boyfriend since then too. I still think it must have been military or something. But I definitely, we definitely, saw something.
