{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-05 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454958","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106654","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2714,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/958/mufon-5454958.json","updb_database_id":5454958}
{tjd} Multiple lights traveling high in the sky.

Thursday night just after 8:00pm, I walked outside to take my trash can to the curb. The sky was clear and it was around 30ºF. I looked up to the sky - as I do frequently on clear nights because I love to stargaze.

I saw what I thought was the ISS flying over us as it does occasionally and I get "Spot the Station" texts on my cell phone whenever it is visible in our area. However, I thought, I had not gotten one today. I called my family, grandson, daughter, and wife out to view it because this looked exactly as the ISS looks when it flies over us.

As it was about 60º above the horizon, I noticed that there was another object, same look, and going same direction. These two were followed by another and another and another, and so on.

I called my wife age 53, daughter age 31, and grandson age 8, again to come outside. I said, "LOOK AT THIS! WHAT ARE THOSE!" They began to try to video and take pictures which I will attempt to upload with this story.

As the objects traveled from W to NE, they were in a straight line, following the same straight line, spaced evenly apart, there were no blinking lights, no noise, and as they traveled to the NE they faded from view as they were out of the direct sunlight. There were two airliners that crossed the object's flight path during this event.

I don't know how many there were, but this went on for close to 20 minutes and there were at least 20 of them. I called 911 and reported them as they were happening. 

My neighbor across the street also witnessed the incident but he is not one to report this nor really speculate as to what they were.

They were, in my opinion, highly classified, high altitude, stealth aircraft, OR they were not of this Earth.

My daughter took the still digital pictures and turned them into a slide show and I will try to upload them to you with this report. We to have a video but it is too long to upload and I don't have the capability to upload it.
