{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-17 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506958","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51783","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4558,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/958/mufon-5506958.json","updb_database_id":5506958}
{dr}Did not witness event, pictures that I took with a cell phone turned up a neon green half halo that moved all ovef

My wife and I went on a helicopter ride up in Big Bear,CA on 10/17/2013.
Were driving home back to Victorville on the backside of HWY 18 at about 4:30 in the afternoon, my wife was trying to take pictures of the sun breaking over the ridge with her cell phone and her phone was dying, she had no charger with her so I started to use my phone for her. We got to a point on HWY 18 where the sun was almost just right so we decided to pull over in a turn out to take some pictures. I rolled down my window and started taking photos with my Samsung Galaxy Note 2, at first my phone was zoomed all the way out to really get a close shot of the sun coming over the hill, to be honest it didn't seem to look good on the screen, not the picture, so I backed the zoom all the way out and started taking photos from there. I took enough pictures and we figured we would be ok and that the ones I took would work. We decided to roll up the windows and take off to head home. A foot note, the road was dead, there was no traffic that came by when we were shooting the photos, as I said my window was down, I was not shooting with a flash that I can remember, and even if I was using the flash the pictures I got were moving all over the hillside and down and forward towards us, so a flash explains nothing. I am a skeptic, but seeing is believing. I do believe that there are things out there that we cannot explain and this is going to be one that is on that list. My wife and I had absolutely no idea that these photos were captured when we were there, or believe me I wouldve stayed and shot video and taken more pictures, you can count on that, we discovered the photos that night laying in bed looking at them, our life is busy, by the time we got home it was dinner time so I we got home and just started taking care of that stuff and then just finished off the night with watching some TV, like I said, we discovered the pictures laying in bed that night before we went to sleep. Anyway, I am looking for answers and would like to be referred to someone that can analyze these photos. There are actually 2 of these "things", in the first couple of semi blurred photos there are actually a few things going on other than just two dots, there are halos forming above one of them and there are also grey matter that forms in front of these things as well. I am hoping that you can help me or refer me to someone who can. I am going to go back out there in a week when I have some time off of work and take some more photos and hopefully get some more pictures. Any help or explanation you can give me would be great. By the way, I have more pictures however your webpage only lets me load up so many. I have more available upon request.

Thank You,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
