{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-13 02:39:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467958","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92676","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2650,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/958/mufon-5467958.json","updb_database_id":5467958}
2 star like objects in sky on opposite sides which were moving unusually then went stationary

I went outside for a cigarette at approximately 1.30am.
Looking upwards in a Eastwards direction where I would usually see the sun come over in the morning, I noticed a bright red tinge star like object in the sky. This object caught my eye because I thought it looked like the planet Mars due to it being so distinguishable compared to other stars in the sky. The weather was very crisp and had thin cloud cover piratically moving but the object was always visible. I was trying to stare for as long as possible without blinking at the object because it seemed to have laser like rods which would go in and out of the object. I stepped back from my view to observe any other activity around the object. Within 25 seconds I noticed what looked like a falling star come down about a thumb with if i was to place my thumb on the star like object,squint and close one eye. It seemed very close. I just had a peculiar feel about the night and what I was observing. I felt I would see more so I went through my house to the front carport and grabbed my binoculars from my car. I went back to my same position outside and within 7-15 mins, the object was moving. It looked like " A BALLOON IN THE WIND " with its directional movement being circle like but noticeable enough by having direct bursts of speed in multiple directions. the object would then stop and look like a star again for periods between 30 seconds and 5 mins. It was about 3am when I noticed another object similar. This was West in the sky but around same distance with my eye view tilting my head upwards. This object was a whiter star like colour though. This was also moving the same way as the red object when staring at it. I attempted my phone camera as that was all I had but got a 1 shot of it but nothing clear as I was waisting time on the settings screen, My hands were becoming so cold and I needed to get up early so I had to call it a night.
The objects were definitely moving and were not stars
