{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498958","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60198","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/958/mufon-5498958.json","updb_database_id":5498958}
{cak} Tubular, white lighted

Just after nightfall is a good time to watch for orbiting satellites from my front yard.

I took one of my camp chairs out with me as I often did. My dog began her tour of the yard looking for just the right place to do her evening duty. I set the chair facing east, sat down and began to scan the eastern and overhead sky. It was very pleasant out, clear with a slight chill in the air. I saw a few satellites travel in their usual short track then fade out as they lost light from the sun set over the western horizon. A few commercial aircraft went over and begin their turn toward SeaTac just south of Seattle. 

I looked straight up over me. There was a white light traveling end to end along toward the east. It reminded me of a fluorescent lamp tube shining brightly. One end of the tube flew along as if was the bow, the other end follow along as would the stern. I watched it travel with no alteration at all in its path. For about six seconds there was nothing to block my view. As it traveled along in that time, it seemed to slow and drop down toward the horizon. At six or seven seconds it was behind the tips of the fir trees, perhaps 15 to 20 degrees above horizon, beyond my back yard drifting straight line down toward the heavier burdened limbs of the trees, and it was gone. In relative shape, it would resemble, length and width, as if it were an old fashion wooden one foot school ruler about three to four times as long as the commercial jets I frequently viewed.

The apparent slowing made sense to me if the object had been very high. I listened for sounds of propulsion; there was only silence. I thought there would be a sonic boom; there was no boom. The object must have been very high indeed, high enough to be above the atmosphere. That made the idea that the apparent slowing was due to the higher arc it traveled. As it traveled above me and beyond, its rate of travel was steady.
