{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484958","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74840","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2345,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/958/mufon-5484958.json","updb_database_id":5484958}
Oval white eye through window pane

I am an amateur astronomer and a bird watcher. I live near the Valcartier military establishment. 

I often see things like huge white balls approximately 1 kilometer in diameter (and I am not kidding) suddenly changing direction. Those dissappear in the direction of space. I also saw red balls 1 meter in diameter this time. They follow the river (up and down) where I live.

I had numerous observations throughout my life but I would like to report this one that happened to me last year (I did not know you had a web site until I contacted Jean Caseault, a Ufologist, and saw your program on the History Channel).

I was in the living room about to sit in order to catch up on my reading when I saw this one-eye thing watching me through the window facing the Library. It my have had 2 eyes but I only saw one probably because of the window pane.

The eye was white, oval, no iris, plain white and approximately 3 inches long. The eye was about 3 feet above the deck. It seemed to be watching the Inside of the library.

It could not be an animal because birds dont watch through windows neither do cats or hares.

When this eye saw me and when I saw it if left in a strake of light making a large somewhat take off sound.

Weirdly it left where there was no exit, not in the direction of the stairway and the garage leading to the street but in the other direction where the deck stands at 15 feet above the ground.

What I saw was only a white rectangular patch, flying 3 feet above the deck. I did not see any d1tails for this thing was too rapid.

Fortunately a light snow had fallen a few hours before and when I turned on the patio light there was no trace on neither the snow or the window pane.
