{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-07-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283682","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119754","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2461,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/682/mufon-5283682.json","updb_database_id":5283682}
Short Alien type body.

My ex husband, myself, my daughter who was 3 or 4 and one of my friends daughters were camping at my ex's families hunting property in Litchfield or Hutchinson Minnesota. They had many acres of property. We brought a pop-up tent, set it up, had a little bon-fire, and went to bed around 9:30/10:00pm at night. We just had the girls in bed on the other side of the pop-up and we were just talking and all of a sudden and big huge bright light lit up the whole sky. It was probably about 5 or 6 seconds of light and in that quick time we saw shapes through the tent of short odd looking things with long arms and moving. We couldn't tell if they were facing us or their back to us because it was just the shape and moving from the tent. We looked at each other and said did you see that? My ex said yes and we looked at each other, then grabbed the kids and ran to the car and drove home. We didn't even change clothes, put down the tent, nothing. Grabbed the kids and got in the car. I rode home with no clothes on. That was how scared we were. I never went back to even help take down the camper. I refused to go back there again. I'm not sure how long my ex waited to go back. It happened so quick from the flash of light in the sky to the odd little men walking around and us in the car driving home. Maybe 3 or 4 minutes? I am not sure of the date because it was so long ago but it was either 1987, 88, or 89. My father in law was an engineer and my mother in law was head of surgery at Abbott Hospital in Minneapolis and I believe they did some asking around or connections of some kind and said a farmer up in Hutchinson or Litchfield (I can't remember which town the property was in) reported something weird on his field. For some reason I think it was burnt circles but others saw the bright sky is what I understood from my father in law.
