{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-08-06 04:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493682","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65828","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2716,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/682/mufon-5493682.json","updb_database_id":5493682}
{dr}Long cigar shaped. Green fluorescent fuzzy like. Traveling over 60 miles in 2 seconds. No sound.

I was up early before daylight to go to work. My wife got up with me to see me off. There was a thunderstorm with lightning so we were standing by the front door watching the Lightning drinking our morning coffee. I looked to the west and saw this cigar shaped green fluorescent object going eastwards toward the storm where it was lightning. It was so fast and went straight up into the storm where it was lightning.i estimate the distance to be 60 miles or so from where I was and it it covered that space in a matter of less than 2 seconds. I was stunned. I was in the Air Force and I know about objects in the air, how fast they fly, what type, and sounds that identify each aircraft. I love aircraft and know from a distance what they are. I calmly looked at my wife and asked "Did you see that?" She replied yes. I said what did you see? She said it looked like a baseball to her. I was taken back by that. She agreed on the color but not the shape. What I saw was about 75 to 120 feet long. Flying at about 200 to 500 feet above the ground at speeds that were astronomical. The cigar shaped fluorescent craft and I say craft because it was!! Either of this world or not, it was a craft. It was so strange because what kind of man made craft would deliberately fly into lightning bolts? My wife has dismissed this easily as she dies not believe in other civilizations. But I didn't either till I saw this before my eyes. Yes I have told some close friends but they think I am trying to pull the wool over their eyes. The craft was silent with no sounds or vapor trails. How can that be? My mind was boggled all day and weeks and months to come. I hope others have seen what I have, because it has haunted me for years. I still go to work at midnight and gaze into the skies before I get into my truck and go to work hoping to see one more craft zooming through sky just to say to myself " I'm no crazy after all" , they do exists! I just needed to get this off my chest after 19 years. Thank you for listening.
