{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-02-01 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524682","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31141","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3893,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/682/mufon-5524682.json","updb_database_id":5524682}
This was a USO.

My now ex-wife and I were parked in the parking lot of the old Triple S Motel (now gone) on the beach at Atlantic Beach, NC. It was a Sunday afternoon, very cold, but sunny. There was no one on the beach, and the parking lot was empty except for us. We were facing South. The Triple S fishing pier (now gone) was to the East of us about 50 meters. Nobody was on the pier; I think it was closed for the season. The sea was very calm, with only a slight ripple on the surface and about a six-inch lop of wave at about 4-5 minute intervals on the beach. 

Off to my right (West) at a distance of about 1/2 to 3/4 mile, I noticed a large dark spot under the surface of the ocean. I did not pay a lot of attention to it at first; my wife and I were just enjoying the afternoon and talking about family things. 

The object was about 500 meters offshore, moving in toward the pier very slowly, at an angle. At first I thought it might be a school of menhaden, but it appeared to move in a straight line. It also maintained its shape, which was sort of an oval, big at the front and tapering to a very narrow tail. I called it to the attention of my wife, and she remarked that it did not seem to change shape the way a school of fish would.

The object kept moving in from offshore at what I judge to be about a 30-degree angle, moving in from the Southwest. When I first saw it, I estimate the water depth where it was, was approximately 35-40 feet. It kept moving in until it was almost directly in front of us, in approximately 25 feet of water, and about 50 meters West of the pier. Then it stopped. 

During the time we had been observing it (about 20 minutes) the object had not changed shape and had moved in straight lines like it was being steered. It did not undulate or change direction the way a school of fish will do. When it stopped, it did not change shape. 

After a few minutes it turned to its left (toward the beach) and then back to the right, then back to the left, like it was scanning the bottom. It then moved forward, in toward the beach on the same course as before, stopped, backed up a bit, and turned to where it was facing almost due East. At this point it was facing the main part of the pier but was inshore of the seaward end of the pier. At no time during all these maneuvers did my wife or I see any disturbance on the surface of the water, a fact on which we both remarked at the time.

The object paused where it was for a few minutes, then "sniffed" its way around to where it was pointed approximately Southeast, and began moving forward. It accelerated from dead stop to what I judge to be about 35-40 miles per hour in roughly 4 seconds, and then (for lack of a better definition) appeared to hit warp speed. It simply shot out of sight. At no time did my wife or I observe any disturbance on the surface of the water.

A few months later I related these events to my father, who was a retired Rear Admiral in the US Navy, and asked him if he could "check it out" with his Navy contacts. Several months after that, I asked him if he had found anything out about it. His response was, "That is something you don't want to ask any more questions about. Ever." And that was the last we ever spoke of it. My Dad died in 1999.
