{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-01 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497682","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61661","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3059,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/682/mufon-5497682.json","updb_database_id":5497682}
{dr}Luminous grey/green saucer seen flying over Lake Mary, Florida

I would firstly like to express my appreciation for mufon and the work you do. It's my belief that many people see these objects in the sky and are for whatever reason, hesitant to communicate their sighting.
I was working a night shift as a waiter in Lake Mary, Fl. My coworker and I decided to go outside for a cigarette. At this time, it was just after sunset. The stars were coming out, it was a brilliantly clear night, and I started to point out satellites to my coworker, who has never seen them or known to look for them. It was for this reason we, at the same time, noticed a luminous flying saucer coming from the east right over the tree line. I was absolutely positive that I was seeing something I have never seen before. It flew directly (90*) over our heads and appeared to be pretty high up, but not at airplane level - traveling west northwest in a steady line going relatively slow (in my opinion). It appeared to be the size of an aspirin (if held up to compare). The light that it was giving off was more like energy than something being emitted from a bulb or beam or something like that. It was a brilliant display of comforting green and silver light, to say the least. There were patterns on the surface, the underside) that looked to be details of it's construction. From the time we saw it to the time it flew out of our vision, approximately 3-4 minutes went by. 
My emotional response to the sighting was a mix of pure happiness and falling into an existential whirlpool. I immediately hugged my coworker, whom I was not the best of friends with, and started thinking to myself how that moment in time bonds us for ever. For instance, I will never forget his name and face because this day proved to be a defining point in my belief of aliens, ufos, and coverup theories - all which I payed little attention to before this event. My sighting was special because of how clearly it was a disk flying gently through the sky. I felt happy and comfortable, like seeing this object made me feel this way. It also seemed like our thoughts could be being read or like they somehow knew we were watching them. I can't really explain in detail this feeling. 
Again thank you for your time in reading my account, and I hope mufon can put a definitive link to ufos and their visitations.
