{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-08 17:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290682","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112657","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3445,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/682/mufon-5290682.json","updb_database_id":5290682}
I observed a strange cloud that didn't belong, but quickly realized it wasn't a cloud at all!!

I was on the Osage reservation Tuesday evening, December 8th of 2020, taking some pictures of the setting sun from my truck, parked in the back lot of the Osage Casino in Sand Springs, OK. I observed a small funnel cloud that didn't belong developing out of the underside of one of only a few cirrus clouds in the sky that nighr. I zoomed in with my Nikon, & quickly realized that there was a craft nestled into a cloud that it was forming around itself! The craft was a bright, fiery, fluorescent orange color, same as the reflecting Sun off the icey clouds at that moment, and at first glance, you could not even tell it was there. Then I spotted a second craft tucked away in the upper part of the same cloud, then a third! I could tell that they were VERY aware of the attention I had focused upon them, and that is when the objects began to behave with what I perceived to be, panic! Now they resembled a criminal, desperately fleeing the scene! As one broke free of the cloud that contained it, I could see that it looked like a V-shaped fire descending to the West. It traveled very slowly, & at times would stop completely, hovering in place awhile before continuing on its path, which was erratic at times, and sometimes in a straight line with various pauses n between, almost as if to ponder its next move before changing directions. This is when I noticed that it suddenly had 2 blueish-white lights that would flash randomly, but simultaneously, that were not previously visible, & weren't consistent throughout the rest of the video. As the minutes went by, the craft became more easily visible as the magnificent oranges that had reflected from the clouds soon were conquered by pinks, then overwhelmed by the purples, before being all swallowed up by the blues. The craft had NOT changed in color however & it's glowing hot orange mist-shrouded camouflage that moments before had provided It damn near total invisibility had now become the focus of its own demise, sticking out like fire on a frozen lake! As it made its way behind the tree line, from my point of view, it attempted to take cover behind the tree limbs, realizing that I was still watching, it squirmed around a while longer before I finally lost sight of it on the horizon.
