{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478136","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82003","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3092,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/136/mufon-5478136.json","updb_database_id":5478136}
{nd} accidental viewing of UFO on Bing map, not discovered yet

Wednesday on 2/8/17 as I sought info about possible damage from storms during weekend. Using my PC I got into Deridder, Louisiana knowing that as a child, my family resided in between the two towns (Deridder and Rosepine. Trying to rely on memories and seeing a viable road pattern I would see what the old place looked today. Once found the pattern of the road would be a street level road. I was scoping this dirt road with mobile homes (1 or 2) and what looked like a wooden home on left side of road.couple of cars parked side of road. As I was trying to move the view toward the road ahead, I started to put the view up, and that was when I noticed an orange disk shaped object slightly to my left side (on screen. I was immediately drawn to identify the object for no other reason than of my close encounter with a similar object while traveling in Kentucky on the Blue grass Parkway near Lexington (37 miles west) in late October, 1980.I soon zoomed in and that is when it hit me, it was a UFO caught by the camera of a Bing map that if I'm correct had a date of the photo being shot in either 2015 or 2016. My heart racing I caught more photos of the same object using different views. I shot my PC photos using my Samsung sx12 WiFI camera on the PCs screen. I am short on computer skills, and I didn't know how to share the photos on to my camera roll site. I also did not know how to transfer my cameras photos to the PC, although I had the connecting cable to do so, I was afraid to try using it because I might lose the pictures. Also for more than three hours I continued to search for the same street view to no avail. It would not be till the night of Thursday 2/9/17 with the help of a friend I was able to transfer the cameras photos to my PC. I now forward the report and photos so it may be verified that it is not a hoax, fraud, or fib. This is so important to me because of my encounter in Kentucky with a massive UFO and two other smaller disks that changed my life for many years afterwards with further sightings (and witnesses). Please follow this report it is probably one of the clearest photos of the many UFOs very similar or same to others. Notice the domed white light above it suspended with a dark middle to the orb below. I have the photos available on my PC but unsure how to transfer them to your organization. Please contact me this is so important Sincerely ...........................................
