{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-25 18:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503136","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55824","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3273,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/136/mufon-5503136.json","updb_database_id":5503136}
{kt}flashing lights changing to strobe flashes continued approx 9 mins

OK here is the UFO Video taken April 25, 2014 at 7:25 pm driving southbound on Hwy 49 between Belton and Peculiar Missouri. Terry E Yoder was videoing from his cell phone. I was driving 65 mph trying to see out the window to the west. Cameron, Chad and Caden (underage boys) are in the back seat. You can hear us being totally overwhelmed by the sight. 

Terry noticed out the window to the west. At first he was trying to point as he didn't want to scare the boys. We are saw the flashing and strobes. I was aware of the strobe in my peripheral vision before I knew what was happening. He wanted to pull over but I was driving with other traffic in a south bound lane and didn't feel it was safe. I said, use your video on cell phone. (Samsung Galley 4 phone -- terrible camera). 

We knew immediately it was not a 'natural' event, not a plane and the sun was to the north of the lights. It was shrouded in clouds the entire time and we only saw strobing. We were all highly excited and incredulous. You can hear all our exclamations on the video. One of the boys was very frightened. 

It seemed to hover at first and then seemed to suddenly start tracking with us. One of the boys noticed a red mist to what seemed to be behind it. 

It seemed to gain speed as the flashes were all around, then they seem to become circular and faster. I feel very certain it was extraterrestrial in nature. I've not seen a plane send out those types of flashes. 

I saw an orb just 6 weeks ago in a near by city. I posted it the next day on Facebook and posted this report and video on Facebook last night. 

I've had an experience driving through AZ and landed in Roswell, NM and lost time. That's a different story but as reference to the fact this is not a new subject for me. 

I don't believe my husband has seen anything like this and the boys are 12 to 15 and definitely their first experience. 

In the video there appears to an 'orb' and/or rectangular object behind or inside the cloud. It started with flashes of light that were like a strobe light. Literally even from the side view the strobe was so bright it felt like it was going to cause a seizure. At the end when we loose sight we'd turned off the highway and pulled into the post office. One of the boys said he saw a rectangle dropped down below the horizon when we turned. This is untouched raw video. 

I have video but I am not prepared to hand over complete rights to my video and certainly not going to allow you to sight unseen decide what is done with this video. Are you a fact finding organization or are you look for free press?
