{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-14 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505136","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53731","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3057,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/136/mufon-5505136.json","updb_database_id":5505136}
{rjl} Strange lights over myrtle beach South Carolina

On 1/14/14 about 7:00 pm my wife and I went outside to have a cigarette on the beach and look at the stars. We noticed several star size lights randomly blinking all over the sky, at times there may be one and other times at least 10 of them. About 7:15 we both witnessed a sphere like white light suddenly appear about 30 degrees off the horizon and straight in front of us heading north, after maybe 10 seconds it went out. A couple minutes later another white light appeared, possibly the same one, and split into two separate lights, one kept going in the same direction the other turning east, after about 10 seconds they went out. Around 10 or so minutes later we saw a rectangular object, we could clearly see 4 square sections that resembled windows and the entire thing was glowing white and horizontal to the ocean, it lasted a little more than 10 seconds before it went out. We both described to each other how it looked just like windows in amazement. A few minutes later the rectangle object appeared again except it was vertical to the ocean and in within 10 seconds went out. Just south of us a single white light appeared over the water that light up the cloud above it and cast a light on the water, after a few seconds it went out. We watched between 6 or 8 of these white lights appear and within seconds go out.Around 7:35 or so we observed a red pulsating object north of us and at a high altitude heading east over the ocean, it was to far away to tell its shape. After a couple minutes it just disappeared. At about 8:00 another red object flying the same path did the same thing.
While watching these lights we heard no noise of any type coming from them.
We have watched these and other types of lights on previous nights, usually between 7 and 8pm and every time we see the star like blinking objects all over the sky we see strange lights like we did on this night.
I've been in the military and in law enforcement and have been around a lot of different aircraft, flares and even seen Chinese lanterns before and no way possible it could be any of these things.
I tried several times to take a photo of these lights but they would go out before I could focus my camera, or they would go out as soon as I turned my camera on. I will keep trying to get a photo of these lights.
