{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-16 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528136","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27455","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2922,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/136/mufon-5528136.json","updb_database_id":5528136}
See attached images

These images appeared on photos I was taking of the moon. I was utilizing a Canon Rebel XTi tripod mounted. I spent about thirty minutes taking pictures. The shutter speed was varied between 1/40" and 25". I took about thirty pictures. The variation in shutter speed was intended to assist in capturing the clouds and ring around the moon.

The tripod was set in three different positions during this entire shoot. There were only two pictures that have a multi-color object. I have assumed this might have been created by a reflection of light on the lens but there was no light other than the moon. What I find interesting is the picture where the object is sphere shaped and stacked is how the clouds appear to be effected by the object. It also appears there are shadows on the spheres. These images are exactly as shot and have not been altered in any manner.

1. In our driveway taking pictures of the moon. I've done this many times before and never had these types of objects in my photos.

2. I didn't really notice the object until I uploaded the pictures to the computer. I would glance at each photo on the display screen before taking another to see if I was capturing the image in the manner I was seeking. I saw the color which I thought was odd but was not able to really see anything by just looking at the moon.

3. I've had several people look at the photos that I took that night. In some ways it seems like it's just a reflection of light on the lens; but it's not uniform in how it appears. In the two photos it looks like something flying into the picture and then hovering over the moon. In the hovering photo with the three spheres the clouds seem to be affected by the object.

4. I did not see the object with my eyes. I really wasn't paying attention to the moon; more like I was looking at the sky, the clouds, and the ring around the moon.

5. Seeing the picture was very strange. As I said, we've shared this with a few friends who have little to no explanation as to what might have caused this on in the picture or if it is some kind of object.

6. See above.
