{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-05-01 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502136","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56883","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2274,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/136/mufon-5502136.json","updb_database_id":5502136}
My friend and I were walking home from visiting another friend and witnessed this vessel?

I believe it was end of May as it wasn't that cold that night.We left from visiting a mutual friend of ours and as we were walking back home, we crested a small hill that faces north to the intersection of Sumas Mt. Road and Dawson Road. As we crested this hill I noticed a object out of the corner of my eye and look to the west I see this object a soft yellow and moving towards us. We stood the for about 2 mins as it slowly moved towards us arguing as to what it might be. Ruled out a plane as object was moving to slow to sustain flight, and was to quite to be a helicopter as we could not here nothing all well it keeps coming closer. Now keep in mind on Sumas Mt. at night if a neighbor dropped a tire iron the whole Mt top would here it. This hill before the four corners is like a knoll you could see back then clearly to the west ,north and clearly to the east. the vessel stopped right in front of Brian and I ( we FROZE) I could hear my heart pounding in my chest, the vessel hoovered for around 3 mins (IMO). Then it start to leave slowly at first then it went into like warp drive you see as it rose up the eastern Mt side it maintained it level of plane. It seemed like it used the side of the Mt as a launch ramp. It was egg shaped but with a substantially flattened bottom no visible ports or windows No sound not a wisp No visible exhaust! Also it was the size of a small house 30 to 50 ft in Diameter.A amazing and incredible experience.We lost sight as it hyperdrived into the night starlit sky. It actually left a steak of light then went bink like a star turn off.
