{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-18 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287136","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/136/mufon-5287136.json","updb_database_id":5287136}
A light ping ponging back and forth, with flashes around it.

I woke up around 2:30AM from a dream that now I can not remember. At the time I slept right next to a bay window in my old apartment facing the Puget Sound. When I opened my eyes the position I was laying in gave me a direct view of the sky with a couple stars. I was half awake and stared at them for a little while before one of them started moving. It was moving back and forth sporadically, with a ping pong effect. I heard recently about the sightings of UFOs moving like a ping pong and I knew that I had to report what I saw over a year ago. It would stop, then move, it would even go in small circles or inch more to the left or the right. But the weirdest part was there were small flashes happening all around it. Sort of like it was taking pictures, but some of the flashes were red. I rubbed my eyes because I could not believe what I had just woken up to. It lasted forever, over an hour but I ended up falling back asleep watching it. It was moving significantly faster than an airplane moves across the sky. It would stop and then flashes would happen and it would move again. I thought maybe it was some drone that was taking pictures, but then the flashes would happen significantly far away from the object, and the speed of it was so unusual. It would stop and a bright red flash would happen a good distance away from it. I could not pick it up on my phone camera, but I have all the details correct and the time and date because I kept a written record of it. The area the object was moving across was a large body of water. It was over the Puget Sound in Washington which leads into the ocean.

Also I was not sure how to fill out the elevation-degrees part so I put 0. I am sorry I did not understand.
