{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-03 07:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527944","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27661","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2579,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/944/mufon-5527944.json","updb_database_id":5527944}
I saw a strange light in the sky and took a couple of photos of it.

I live in a house on the Detroit river across from Winsor, Ontario. I woke up at about 7 am on the morning of 2/3/11. I got up to take the trash out to the end of the driveway. I went downstairs and took the trash out, it was still rather dark and very quiet outside. I came back upstairs to get back in the bed. On my way past the windows that look out over the Detroit river, I noticed a very bright light in the sky. The light was on the Canadian side of the river. It was so bright that I stopped to watch it to see if it was an airplane coming from Winsor, Canada. There were no navigation lights and I didn't hear any engine noise. I also looked up to see if there were any stars visible and I couldn't see any. The strange light didn't move, it just sat there and was very white with a silver edge on the right side. I still thought it might be an airplane, but I knew that airplanes don't typically fly over that early. It looked like a sphere, but I could see that it was somewhat oval. It seemed that the brightness obscured the actual shape, the clearest view was on the right side of the light. I was so sleepy that I decided to take a couple photos of it and get back in the bed. After I got in the bed, I listened to see if I could hear or see (through the sky light) an airplane fly over the house, but I didn't hear or see anything over the next few minutes. I went back to sleep. During the years that I've lived here, I've never seen any light like this in the sky during the morning hours. It didn't flicker like a star and it didn't fluctuate like an airplane light. This light was very still and extreemly bright. I don't know what it was but, it's bothered me ever since I saw it. I hope I never see it again!
