{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-25 01:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490944","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68633","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2718,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/944/mufon-5490944.json","updb_database_id":5490944}
{jpg} Bright bar of lush white/yellow light hovered overhead, intensified, then ascended quickly. Millennium falcon like.

At 1:30 AM on Saturday June 25 I drove to Claymont, DE from Wilmington with my boyfriend. Parked at my parents' house and left him in the car while I ran inside. My sisters fianc1 was leaving at the time, heading west. After about 8 minutes, I left the house, walking west towards the car. Once beside the vehicle, I stopped to put my hair up and as I glanced upwards, I saw a bar of intense yellow-white light, perpendicular to my position, suspended in the sky. There were few clouds, although there was a slight haze or fog, but my view was largely unobstructed. After silently hovering for 4 or 5 seconds, the light intensified and then vanished, leaving me with sunspots. At first, it looked as though the entire underside of a commercial airliner's fuselage had been covered with lights, but I couldn't make out wings or any discernable shape other than the bar of light. When it vanished, it reminded me of the Millennium Falcon, but yellow-white instead of blue-white, without any distinguishable body. 

Of note: my boyfriend is in the car the entire time, looking at my face as I'm gawking, trying to piece together what I'm seeing. After it vanishes, I hop in the car, try to quickly explain what I just saw, open the sunroof and then 'pop' the engine starts smoking. My car suddenly overheated (on a cool night, with no cooling system problems). I run inside and get my dad (a mechanic) and we are temporarily sidetracked from the ufo.

Flash forward 30 minutes: we've gotten a ride home and I have a chance to talk to my boyfriend. He says that 2 minutes before I came out of the house, he got an unsettled feeling and checked all of the mirrors and rolled down the windows to look around. He never looked up, but then I came out of the house and saw what we both believe gave him that feeling. 

Forward even more: the engine problem was traced to a coupler directly attached to the thermostat, a piece that according to my dad should not have broken where it did. Might be coincidence...
