{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-11-01 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548944","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"7186","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2692,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/944/mufon-5548944.json","updb_database_id":5548944}
Cloudy night, V-shaped set of 5 lights - 2 on one side, 3 the another

The sightings happened twice in the same month of November '85, both cases on a Thursday night (I was returning from university classes). The first sighting was on I-95, I believe it was just before the Yonkers toll gates as I was heading north.

It was a dark cloudy night which is why I couldn't determine the size. It was coming south at a 301 angle from my right to the left. It was some 500 ft above the ground, going very slowly, about 20-30 mph, and without sound. I called the Ardsley police upon arrival at a friend's house. I asked them if anyone had called saying they'd seen a UFO. The person on the other side said that many had.

I intuitively sensed it was a UFO and wasn't scared, but I was excited. I stayed in the car, and didn't open the window.

The second sighting was in Tarrytown, some 10-15 miles NW of my first sighting, two weeks later. (I can't remember if they were the first and third or fourth and second, but alternating weeks.) as I was headed north on Broadway at the center of town, a similar sighting occurred. It was clear enough that a guy in a car in front got out of his car and just screamed out 'I believe'. This UFO might have been flying a little lower than the first one. There were similar V-shaped lights, but I don't remember how many there were. Traffic was moving so I had to continue driving, losing sight of the object.

This time I got out of the car. I again heard no noise. It was moving in a similar 301 angle from my front right to my left rear. I couldn't make out its shaped, but the lights were sufficiently separated at the distance to suppose it was 'large'.

There may have been a third sighting, but I have little recollection of the details. It was coming from NJ to NY over the George Washington Bridge. Traffic was a little heavy so cars were just sitting, advancing slowly. As I looked forward, towards the bridge, I saw an object fly low. It wasn't a plane, but I wasn't impressed by it. It could've been a UFO, but I didn't react as I did with the other two.
