{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-12 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291944","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111384","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2288,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/944/mufon-5291944.json","updb_database_id":5291944}
Dancing yellow light

While in a secluded dark area I looked up and saw a bright yellow star like light in the sky. It appeared to move and I pointed it out to a fiend she said she also said it appeared to move in a small elliptical pattern. I know if you stair at faint objects long enough it can appear to move and I tried to look away and not stare and it will appear still then move and then still again. Clouds passed infront of it to the west and it looked like it was moving East. I said that could be a illusion due to the clouds it the moved west and danced a little. While observing this object for about a hour we saw was appeared to be satalites and aircraft moving in straight paths. Object continued to be stationary and then dance sporadically. While observing a fast moving bright light went across the sky and over the horizon. I assume it was a plane but at no point did we see the red blinking lights and it was very bright. We both left the scene and the orange light was still visible after at least a hour had passed. The object never traveled very far. I have gone to this spot before and had seen a very similar object Once before that did the same thing but I was able to convince myself it was a trick of the mind. It could possibly be a drone with a bright light that only appeared to be high in the sky but I have worked with drones before and the batteries don’t typically last that long. Not sure what it was. I will be going back to observe the area more often if I can gain the courage. My friend left and I planned on staying longer to observe it but I got a little creeped out mainly because I’ve seen it before and no I know what I saw was real. Very weird.
