{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-14 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288944","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114418","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2234,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/944/mufon-5288944.json","updb_database_id":5288944}
6-10 nearly circular objects darting in and out of cloud

I did not witness the beginning of the event, but I saw the last 5 or 6 minutes of it. Movement caught my eye as I was walking outside to the laundry room building of my apartment complex, and I looked up.

It was a night of patchy clouds. I saw several bright individual lights in the sky moving quickly. I thought at first they were from searchlights, like those used to advertise a store opening. But looking closer and watching longer, I saw that there were no beams of light going from the ground to the sky. Plus, the individual lights (not quite circular, with rough edges) did not have the shape of searchlights. More importantly, they were not moving in a searchlight pattern. They were not sweeping the sky. The lights were concentrated in one small area. They were moving very quickly, darting into a somewhat flat cloud, and then they (or others replacing them) darted out of the cloud. They did not all enter the cloud at the exact same spot. It varied slightly, but it was always into the right edge of the cloud nearest them. None of them moved out into the sky. They all stayed close to the cloud. They could not be seen at all in the cloud. There was no sound. My apartment complex often has helicopters and planes passing overhead. There were none during the whole of this event. There weren't any police sirens. There wasn't even music coming out of the nearby apartments. The night was completely silent. Finally, those lights disappeared. There was no further movement. The cloud spread out a bit and got thinner. I scanned the entire sky and saw nothing else.
