{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-23 12:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282944","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3144,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/944/mufon-5282944.json","updb_database_id":5282944}
Round highly metallic object observed for 20 seconds around 6-8000 feet in sky and then totally disappeared. Not dissolved, not moved out of sight

Myself, my wife and my sister-in-law were returning back from the Red Rock Canyon National Park in Nevada.

My sister in law wanted to show us Blue Diamond, Nevada which is an eclectic tiny little town just on the outskirts of Red Rock Canyon National Park. My sister-in-law was driving and I was in the backseat just observing the beautiful landscape as we were driving on Highway 159 towards Blue Diamond, Nevada.

I would like to make it perfectly clear here that I grew up around O'Hare Airport and consider myself after 55 years of life, an expert in spotting planes in the sky, their patterns, shapes, sizes etc. and I would also contend that anyone who has grown up around a metropolitan airport is a really good observer of everything in the sky because that is a huge part of your life.

As I was looking into the sky I saw 4 very high altitude airplanes traversing over Nevada around 40,000 feet in the sky, going in different directions with small contrails coming out of the back of the planes. No big deal and a very usual occurrence.

Then I looked up and about right over Bonnie springs around 6000 to 8000 feet in the air was a round metallic object just hovering in the sky that my initial impression was I was catching the nose of a smaller airplane coming out us in the sun just reflected on it. It looked about 10 feet in circumstance, but that is MY perspective from the ground.

I observed it for 20 seconds waiting to see if it would turn or move so I could see what kind of plane it was just out of casual interest when all of a sudden the object completely disappeared and I want to make it very clear that; it did not dissolve, it did not move left and right, it was perfectly observable in the sky and literally in a blink...disappeared in front of my eyes.

I called out to my sister-in-law and wife and asked, "did you just see that silver round object in the sky it just disappeared in front of us?", and they both said they were not looking up and that they were looking at the mountains. So when we got into the small town of Blue Diamond, there were a couple of people eating outside of a restaurant and they look like they were from the town and I said "did you all see the object in the sky because I just saw I don't identify the object it disappeared in front of me does this happen a lot??" Of course they chuckled a little bit and told me, no. 
END
