{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491844","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67710","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3601,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/844/mufon-5491844.json","updb_database_id":5491844}
They come from diferent directions, they meet, they stop and then they go but more slow than a plane.

Dear Sir.
I am a Ufologist since the 80s, but now i have more free time because i am retired.
I watch strange phenomenon's every night with binoculars{10x50}, or single eye, from white,blue or reddish dots of light in all directions but much more under the Ursula major. This dots are not planes because i can see them to, and i live at 18 Km from Lisbon, front of the sea, Atlantic Ocean.
In the 80s and since then i put my self in doubt because i thinking maybe there was satellites.
I went to Army, NATO cryptologist and communications operator, 5 years of my life in the NATO communications centre in Lisbon, 1st Corporal. I was all my life a communications and informatics technician, retired from Portugal Telecom. 
Now we got laptops and software to track satellites in real time and i never got a match from the things i see.
I got the impression i am living under a high altitude alley {from the 20 to 50 Km altitude}, i see every night this dots of light at an incredible speed, they cross all this region in less than noting, coming and go from all directions. Some we can see with naked eye, others because off the pollution, only with binoculars.
But in the Friday the 24 of June i make the observation of my life till now, i start to see a very fast flashing light, 3 times more than a plane and was a mixing of white/blue thunder light coming from north, then more 5 dots show up behind the first one the moving very slow, without noise coming from different directions. The first one stay at front and the others stop in the sky above my head, i shout to my son to come up and see and he fells afraid. They stay 2 to 3 minutes and after they start to move to the directions i describe. I see yesterday 2 of this ones. 
Dear sir my concern is only one, this planet belongs to who?
We people of earth we got the solar fleet or not? If not, thats the reason because the superpower country of the world make segregation of this subject, now i understand...
I upload some home v1deos not edited from 1 or 2 dots i could recorded because they was so bright, the Toshiba camileo camera i got was able to record, but im not a expert and zooming makes difficult to stay quiet and focus on the object.
Mufon is the first one to see this objects and i invite some one to look at the sky at night and see what i see every night. They are not satellites, they are at 800 km + - and at a speed 7.8 km sec, never match the software tracking satellite and most part is stationary.
What or who they/this things are? The entire World needs a answer.
Thank you for your time

Manuel Salvador
