{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-20 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510844","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47545","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2862,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/844/mufon-5510844.json","updb_database_id":5510844}
{nd} Very large round reflecting white moving very fast straight path heading down

I let the dog out to pee before turning in about 11:45pm est. I sat on the patio stairs facing prospect/Waterbury ct. The horizon was very dark with the trees filled in. Within 20 seconds of sitting I saw a very large round object heading from the direction of the center of prospect ie town hall toward Waterbury ct. It was very large because it was at least 5-10 miles away maybe more and it was extremely visible/ It was moving in a straight line heading downward to the ground. I must have been in just the right place looking in just the right direction at just the right time because it seemed to come out of nowhere and moved from my right to my left disappearing into the trees toward the ground and again moving very fast. My first thought was some kid set off a firework. I waited to see different color sparkles or explosions but there was none. My second thought was I need to listen for an explosion because this thing was huge and I was convinced it was going to hit the ground but there was none. You couldnt not notice it but my next thought after that was unless you were looking at the horizon or sky it didn't matter how bright it was (very) or how large you wouldnt notice it. I contacted 3 police departments near by. I doubt they take such calls seriously. I don't think it was a craft. But I thought I would contact local authorities or someone because it was so large and if it crashed I figure it would do extensive damage. I tried contacting the closest airport - Waterbury-oxford but they are closed for the night. The Faa had no contact number I could locate. One police dept called back and said they contacted the faa and left a message but frankly the way that conversation went I think the guy was just putting me on. The most salient feature is I just would like to find someone else who saw it too and compare notes.

I think you should give some explanation of what remaining anonymous means because I checked yes I would like to remain so but only because I have no idea how you would feature my submitted information "unanonomously"...

Thanks for the opportunity to share ... hope this helps in some way corroborate what I saw ...

God bless
