{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-06 07:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522844","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33167","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/844/mufon-5522844.json","updb_database_id":5522844}
An orange (pinpoint) light which then got larger, then got smaller and smaller until it dissipated. It then faded to a white-green, then faded to white, then dissapated. It started with a curve then went in a straight line and curved again.

I should start by saying that I was completely sober at the time that this occurred and had not used any foreign substances - alcohol included - anywhere near the time that this happened (months, not hours.) I should also state that I have no psychological disorders. I am also not a "visiting extra-terrestrial" believer, although who is to say what the distant future holds. This was too odd not to report.

It was around 7:45 - 7:50 CST with today's Nov 6th time change taken into account (i.e. it would have been 8:45 if it happened yesterday.) I was driving home when a bright light caught my eye, a quick glance to the SE caught my eye then and I was back to driving. It became instantly noticeable that it didn't go away after a second, so I looked back at it thinking that it must just be a reflection from a very far away airplane as I see sometimes when the sun is coming up, then it started getting larger. I have to admit that I didn't pay attention to how fast the size change occurred, but from what I remember it seemed to happen in 3 stages which took maybe 5-10 seconds. It started small like a very far away aircraft, then slowly it flashed like a reflection and it was medium sized, and then slowly flashed again and it was larger (it's largest.) Since this questionnaire uses Aspirin as a size comparison, I'd have to say that, at it's largest, if I held up a pill of Aspirin to compare it to that the object would probably have been approximately 3/4th the size of the pill. I kept looking at it for a couple of seconds trying to find a sign that it was in fact an airplane that was moving away from me and just had a weird reflection - but then something stumped me: it went from looking like it was flying away from me to moving down, all in a sharp curve motion over the space of say, half an inch? It continued on a downward path when I almost went off of the road so I quickly stopped my car (the road was empty, no cars.) I got out to see if I could get a better view and had been standing outside for maybe 10 seconds when I noticed that it started changing from white-orange to a white-green. This really stumped me and I didn't know what to make of it so all I could do was keep watching it. That's when I noticed that it started gradually getting smaller (no reflecton-type flashes this time.) It continued getting smaller and smaller while fading to white. When it got back to the original pinpoint size it made a semi-sharp right and I accidently looked away for a quick second because I saw something in my peripheral vision and when I looked back to keep watching it, it was gone. I'd have to say that by my best estimation, the entire event lasted about a minute, but I'm not sure because it really seemed like two or three.

Really no idea what to make of it, I'm still dumbfounded by the whole thing. If you were in the area and saw it then make a report and I'll Google again in a month or so to see if there were any reports made.
