{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-22 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489844","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69759","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4007,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/844/mufon-5489844.json","updb_database_id":5489844}
8 Lights in circular arrangement, 1 central light, equal size. Overflying large crowd near Qingdao, China. All witness it.

I had a sighting here in Jiaozhou, Qingdao, Shandong, China this Saturday. It was spectacular, but I think as with many other sightings, you dont really do much or think much about it after because it simply is an unknown. There is not really any room for assumptions or even considerable thought about it, it is just unknown.

We were by a sort of promotional event for the company i work with, in a rather busy supermarket area (lots of tall buildings, neon lights all around, billboards, you get the jist of it).

Suddenly, with the crescent sienna tinted moon in view to the right, we saw a brilliant multicolored sphere/circle rise from behind the trees to the left of the moon, it rose up across the sky, across over our heads and finally decended (or passed further away) behind the buildings on the other side of the sky. Over the course of perhaps 1-2 minutes.

It was basically like 8 lights in a circular arrangement with 1 central light in the middle as well. All equal size. All attached (i assume). All glowing in different shimmering colors, pink to teal to turquoise to red to yellow to green etc. Not synchronized, each light was slighly offset in the color shifts. Seemed random.

It moved slower than a jet, but faster than a balloon.
It certainly was no helicopter or aircraft, because nobody in their right mind would set up those kind of lights on an aircraft (nor would the local MILITARY AIRBASE in this city allow that, obviously).
Yes, there is a local airbase in the smack middle of this town, usually you see Mig's flying low over the town, sometimes in wingman formations, engines roaring on full afterburners, its quite glorious xD

As this happened though, as the lights passed overhead slowly, sort of with the same speed and "awe" as in Close Encounters of The Third Kind, you know. How the speed is sort of intentionally slow enough to allow people to observe it, but fast enough not to linger too long? Idk.
Anyway as this happened, first all the kids in the area pointed to the sky and gasped and said "woah! how beautiful!!" (in chinese obviously). As about 60-80 kids have this reaction, naturally the adults paid attention as well, and then we have about 100-150 grown men and women also staring up at this thing gasping at what it is.

And then as it passed behind the nearby supermarket skyscraper, the show went on. The night went on as if nothing happened. Because thats life on Earth, right? We all have a job to do, plans to finish, i mean.. What else would you do? Sit on the ground and let moss grow on you?

So thats it, it was simply an unknown, witnessed by almost everyone there. But as annoying and frustrating as it is with these things, it just remains "unknown". I cant say what it was. I WANTED to know for sure, that it was something spectacular, you know.
But i cant lie to myself like that, the only truth i know is that it was an unknown, a true UFO.

Some argue that there is a conciousness aspect to it as well, if it is a real sighting. That you can kind of "feel" the intelligence there. Well, when being surrounded by hundreds of people who point to the sky and gasp, i suppose that is kind of a conciousness aspect, but not from "that" direction, more just from the human direction.
So, i dont know..
