{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-20 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495844","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63579","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/844/mufon-5495844.json","updb_database_id":5495844}
{rjl} MULTIPLE OBJECTS SEEN OVER A FIVE DAY PERIOD SHOOTING AT EACH OTHER

I guess I should include some background information with this report. For the last 23 years I have been observing UFO's in this area. Thankfully the majority are friendly. I have one who actually hangs out in the southwestern sky on any clear night he can be seen hanging out possibly observing the activity in the area. From local records he has been in the area for at least a 150 years. Saterday I took my dog outside to do his business and for those who have seen my previous reports he will actually alert me to the presence of a strange UFO or something going on with our local guy. I think they may make a sound that only a dog can hear. He is not afraid of them, they just hurt his ears. He will usually sit on the ground and whine with his nose pointed to the sky until I look up and take notice of what is going on. Saturday he did not sit but did whine loudly just as he got out into our yard and I looked upward at the sky, being overcast it took me a few seconds to locate the UFO in question and it was one of the local lights mother ships, and it was the larger of the two and it was only about the third time I have seen this one. Usually it is one of the smaller mother ships that come around and check on things. It was firing in several different directions, straight up, to the southwest and southeast, as well as northwest. It seemed to be surrounded by hostile UFO,s. This was still going on at 10:30 PM when I took for his last run for the night since it was cold he stays inside. I was in a local hospital (Non related) for several days and did not return till yesterday. Last night I went out with my dog again and the large mother ship was being helped out by several others and were having a Mexican stand off with a large dark, unlighted object over my head. They were not firing at each other that I could see, but they seemed to be preventing the other much larger object from leaving the area. On two other occasions I have seen larger friendly saucer shaped objects overhead in simmular situations but they were not present last night. I hope that they come if needed though. I will update MUFON on any changes when I able to see them at night.
