{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-08 22:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483610","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76262","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3710,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/610/mufon-5483610.json","updb_database_id":5483610}
{cak} UFO sighting downtown, definite ship light triangle-like, emitting circular lights from spacecraft that produced colorful changing lights

I was leaving work, really tired and I was going through this huge parking lot we have downtown to get to my car it was about 10:30pm. I was carrying a lot of stuff at the time. I always look up at the sky and since we had a new moon, I thought it was strange that the skies would be lit up so bright. Then I noticed that there was this empty space from the cloudy sky that was there, and I thought it was pretty cool. I always look up at the skies and clouds, I love star gazing. Then from the blank, empty space, I saw a blueish hue in it's place and I thought it was amazing, but kinda weird at the same time. It made me stop because I was trying to find out where this was coming from. There was no way this light could be coming from any direction, plus it was a Sunday night and nothing happening downtown. Then I noticed another color appearing from just directionally south and east to it, and these colorful circular orbs formed a perfect triangle in the sky. And even though it was cloudy, I could still see it emitting light. It was really freaking me out and first, and tried to find a logical explanation as to why I was seeing these lights. Then, I noticed these lights were all changing color not pulsating or anything, but just naturally. It made no noise, and I couldn't believe I was the only one seeing this. It was in a major traffic area downtown, but above a huge somewhat empty parking lot. I felt no harm or not even scared. I've seen UFO before about 10 years ago. I really didn't even think it was strange until I looked back at the footage, I thought it was something for sure. Also, I was really tired, and it didn't really click. It definitely looked like a spacecraft and it was trying to make communication, or try to receive some knowledge or whatnot. But I literally was the only one there to see it, since it was a Sunday night. There was traffic to the right of me, and I'm sure they were wondering what I was taking pictures of, but whatever. I didn't feel anything bad, just peace and a stillness , a little bit of a mystery in the air. I was looking at it for a good 6-7 minutes. It didn't do anything, but just stay hovering and stationary. When I looked first, it started with just one circular colorful light, but then it showed up as three in a trianglular formation. When I look back at the photos, I see about 2-3 more various light circles within the area of the triangle. I then took off while it was still lit and went to my car, then I drove to the parking lot to see if I could see the lights again, but they were gone. But who knows, maybe you had to see them from my angle to see them. But then, It also took out that it could be emitting from a building or whatnot. I'm just glad to behold such an amazing experience....!!!!
