{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-06 16:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479610","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80474","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3867,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/610/mufon-5479610.json","updb_database_id":5479610}
{cak} Observed small orb craft keeping pace with Military Aircraft, it changed direction. Took picture. Noted another craft much larger in picture.

I live in Las Vegas, NV. I was just getting done with my work day, on November 5th, 2016, at 4:45 PM, in broad daylight. I was walking up to my apartment above my workplace, when something inside me said I should look up, and that is when I noticed a military jet, with a long contrail. I believe it was one, as the whole plane is white with the exception of what looked like a orange-colored structure attached to the underbelly of the rear of the aircraft. It reminded me of refueling tankers. The jet was heading Northeast as it was coming from southern CA and heading directly over the center of the Las Vegas valley. I watched the jet for a few moments before I realized there was something shiny white paralleling the jet at an apparent distance of (43) plane widths to the west of the jet. Seeing that object raised my curiosity, so I continued to watch it. Then, I realized I needed to take a picture of this event. I quickly took out my smartphone and took the picture. I didn't know what I thought it was as first, however, it did not seem to have any wings to help identify it as a plane or drone. The object definitely displayed spherical characteristics. There was no contrail or wake in the atmosphere while this craft moved across the sky. The object itself followed the exact path of the jet for about 30 seconds, then it turned abruptly to the East and crossed either through, above or just below the con/chem- trail the jet was leaving in its own wake. During the change of direction there was no evidence of any wings , it just turned on a dime. I decided to actually film this object just after it changed direction and I caught some video. I got a hold of my wife as well and she also took a short video that catches the last few moments that we could see. The object continued to head East, and it started to get to a part of the sky which had some light wispy cloud cover. It was during these moments that the object seemed to just disappear. After we took our picture and videos, we came inside our home and downloaded the picture to my PC. I then opened the picture on 32" TV and I look at the object for a little while, in wonder of what this might be. Then much to my surprise I noticed that there is a strange looking shadow, above the jet, just about top-centered in the photo, that really caught my attention. So, I expanded the photo as large as I could, and lo-and-behold a disk shaped object (a silver gray color just barely a different shade than the background sky) with a dome on top of it is staring me right in the face. Now, if this object was at the same altitude as the jet, then this object would be approximately 600ft. across. If the object were right in front of the moon in this picture it would be 1/3 the width of the moon. It could be larger, of course, if the disk was at higher altitude. Or conversely, if the disk was at a lower altitude. I did not see this last object when I was taking the picture. Neither object made any noise during the witnessed event.
