{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-08 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517352","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40659","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3475,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/352/mufon-5517352.json","updb_database_id":5517352}
I was sitting on my terrace feeling bad and they decided to lift up my spirits a bit.

I went on the terrace of my building around 3 in the evening (you can see the exact time on the photos) just to chill and drink a couple of beers. This was the first time in like 10 days that I took my camera with me. I was scanning completely cloudless sky looking for them. Not the five minutes I sat there I saw in the sky just in front of me white orb. It was simply standing up in the air. As you know I am still feeling lousy as usual. I felt later that it was something like a support for me. Ok, to go on. It was simply standing in one place for 2-3 minutes. I could not zoom directly on it because for this I would need better camera. But the orb is still visible on those photos. It stood there for a couple of minutes and then it started moving in my direction. It did that for a minute or so and then simply disappeared from the sky. I did my sign with the fingers and said yea. It again looked cool. I kept scanning the sky trying to see some more of them and a couple of minutes after the orb there was a long one. That is on the last two photos. It simply appeared in one patch of the sky, started slowly gliding over it for a minute or so and then vanished. Whenever you a plain flying over the same thing you can watch all the way when they cross the sky from one hill to another. They do not disappear and appear just like that. Plus, as you know I feel them. I do. 

The day before yesterday I say a UFO (the long one) shaped as a paragliding wing. Just over the hill top on my left side. It did not stay there long. Just briefly. The same red color as on the other photos. I did not have my camera with me. 

A week ago I was around 9 in the morning in Irvana1s apartment. We were simply sitting, drinking beer and chilling. She did not sleep the previous night at all and I was still drunk from the previous night, so we simply continued with the beer. She looks through the window and asks me 1 what the hell is this. I look through. There is a white-red sphere doing transformations like on the previous photos and flying maybe 20-30 meters from her building. I did not have my camera with me. We both did signals with our hands and started laughing. The sphere went behind the building and we did not see the person any more. It was cool though.

Best regards 

Senin
