{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-17 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495352","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64090","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4251,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/352/mufon-5495352.json","updb_database_id":5495352}
{cak} I first observed a black object made of up several shiny black spheres hovering in clouds. Later it changed to a shiny silver cigar shape and reflected sunlight at sunset. Just before dark it disappeared leaving a light cloud of the same shape.

I am a retired police officer from Elmsford NY now residing in Fair Play SC. While residing in NY, I observed the so-called Hudson Valley Lights on two occasions but said and reported nothing only to find out later that what I saw was becoming a sort of UFO phenomenon along the Hudson River Valley. My failure to take action then is why I am sure to file this report now. On March 17, 2015, my daughter was attending a boys tennis match in Liberty SC as one of the teams managers. She text me in the early evening and told me that the bus bringing the team back to West-Oak HS, on Westminster SC, would arrive at approximately 8pm. At 7:20pm I grabbed my 15 week old puppy, put her in the rear seat of my 2002 Chevy Malibu and departed for the HS, which of approximately 15 miles west of my residence. I exited my driveway, made a left on West Pine Grove Road and then I right onto Cain Road, which is approximately 1/4 mile long east to west. When I got to th1 stop sign at the intersection of Cain Road and Dairy Farm Road, and while in the process of making a right hand turn onto Dairy Farm road, I observed, at a distance, in the sky, an object that I will describe as looking like four shiny black bowling balls, held tightly together by force or design and positioned at an approximate 20 degree slant to the right, hovering motionless in the sky. This particular evening was very different from the normal sunsets I am used to. The sun was setting unusually large and an extreme orange, glowing through an unusual cloud cover resulting in a beautiful sunset. The object startled me at first because it was so unnatural and out of place in the early dusk sky and I wasn't sure if I had actually witnessed it or not. After made my right turn onto Dairy Farm Road I was going to try to find a spot along the road to stop and try to take a photo but I couldn't in a safe manner. Periodically I would lose sight of the object in the tree line but it never moved or left. After traveling for approximately 4 minutes I arrived at the intersection of Dairy Farm Road and SC59, preparing to cross north onto Smith Dairy Road. I witnessed the black object, still in the sky to my left, now to have changed shape to a silver cylinder. The object remained in a stationary position, occasionally reflecting the soft orange glow of the large setting sun. Approximately 10 minutes later I arrived at the West-Oak HS. The object was still in the same position and remained there while I walked my dog and waited for my daughters bus. At around 8:10pm, the sun was almost completely gone in the western sky and the now silver cylindrical object was fading and left behind what appeared to be a soft cloud of the same size and shape which soon dissipated. I would like to add, and it seems to be of importance that during my witnessing this event there was a lot of airplane activity in the sky above and around this object. I observed at least four ionized exhaust lines left by planes traveling horizontal just below this object and approximately four or five more traveling from the sky above the object and down at a very slight angle towards the earth. I apologize for the description I am providing, perhaps I can furnish a drawing of try event if you wish to have it. This whole event, from witnessing the object and jet planes and them watching the object change form and disappear took about 40 minutes.
