{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-15 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474352","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85983","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2510,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/352/mufon-5474352.json","updb_database_id":5474352}
Saw bright white light object hovering in the air, then slowly began traveling up and disappeared without a trace

I was on my bed watching a video at night, and as I casually looked outside, I saw this bright white light object hovering in the sky, quite low about tree top level or a little higher up.

It hovered for a moment, then slowly began traveling up in a straight line. I took a video on my phone(but am unable to upload, because it was a snapchat video recording), and in the time it took me to post it, which was a second, it was gone. I looked up and around and even went out on my balcony to see if it was still in the area, but it was gone without a trace.

I looked out my window some more, and could see the sky above my building out of my window and over the building across from me. I watched planes go by shortly after this, and watched their flight pattern, to see if I would be able to view them flying over my building and the one across from me, which I could do with no problem.

As I observed the planes, I noticed that their lights-compared to what I saw- were very different. The lights on the plane looked more yellowish and I could see the two blinking lights underneath and hear the engine of the plane. 

What I saw, had three white light, moved very slow, appeared to be round, like a sphere/disc or tire on its side(that type of shape but I am assuming much larger, due to the distance between us)and appeared a bit closer than the planes. Even as a plane flew over the building and became closer, it was still quite a far distance away. What I saw was much lower and closer than a plane and had absolutely no sound. 

I felt excited, stunned, and eager to find out what it was that I saw. 
I documented pretty much exactly what I am writing now, and continued to look out to the sky, searching for the thing that I saw. 
I believe this to be my first ufo encounter
