{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-07-20 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483401","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2622,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/401/mufon-5483401.json","updb_database_id":5483401}
{rjl} Was the weirdest thing me and my family had seen, I was about 14 at the time.

My father, my stepmother and I was coming back from church late one night, about after 10pm. We was coming down a road towards our home on Boat Mountain. We were on 235 looking towards the mountains of Boat and Sulfur mountain. I was laying in the back seat of my dads car, the my father stopped the car, rolled down the windows, and turned the car off. He stepped out of the car. I got up and was wondering what was going on. I sat up and saw dad looking towards the mountains. I was like...omg. By that time my stepmother was flipping out, she was scared. I got out and went to the passenger side of the car with my dad. My dad was watching it and I began to watch it. I was like a disc shape but it had lights changing all around the rim of it. alternating in colors, from blue,to white,greens,oranges, golds, reds, pinks,...was very pretty. I was very curious about it. My dad told me its nothing to worry about. We continued to watch it and a beam shot out of it, this whole time no sound.. nothing.. even with the beam no sound. The beam shot out of the bottom, then split into two. It did that for a few minutes then back together and then it zipped the beam back into the bottom of the ship thing. I was kinda getting scared. My step mother was crying wanting to go home so my dad got back into the car as did I. As we proceeded home, we lost track of it behind tree's. I never seen it leave or anything further. But I will always remember how my dad was cool,calm, and collective. Telling me, It's nothing to worry about. So I took it as that. Nothing to worry about. But as I have gotten older, and my father is passed He died in 1998 of cancer, which he had got from working on B2 stealth bombers, and other aircraft for Hughes, Lockeed, In California. I swear that's what killed him. From working with those planes. I wish I could ask him Why I didn't need to worry? lol. Anyways That's my story, best as I can remember. Thank you.
