{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-23 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489401","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70219","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3485,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/401/mufon-5489401.json","updb_database_id":5489401}
{nd} I was abducted which seemed dimensional & probed. It communicated through my laptop & cell phone, my dog was affected and it seemed that a being entered my dog and myself. I then went outside and heard a jet engine and have knowledge about universe.

I was abducted in my apt. which seemed dimensional and probed.I felt that I was being categorized or judged. I didn't hear any questions, I just kept saying that I'm a good person and deserving. I was stuck in my computer chair and couldn't see them but they were in the room, my dog was next to me and wouldn't move and her personality changed as if she was suddenly intellectually aware.She was looking at me and I felt she was telling me to be calm and unafraid. I felt something probe me anally and at sometime naked. It communicated through my laptop changing the program to music and randomly playing my music and my cell phone was going on and off, the lights of it, my dog was affected and it seemed that a being entered my dog and at the end it felt like an invisible being entered and coated my body. I then went outside and heard a jet engine and it was right above me hovering loudly, it was no plane and there was another person sitting in there car and I asked if you hear that and he said yes but we couldn't see it, it was night and a low overcast hid it and it went silent or flew off fast by the sound.. Later that evening which was about 3 hrs. I suddenly started thinking about the universe, creation, God and seem to have knowledge or a better understanding with ideas I never thought about before and a sense how things came to be and what we are in the universe. The next day my health was extraordinarily great. No aches or pains with my arthritis my diabetes was like not there, my sugar wouldn't raise no-matter what I ate and this was for about a week, like I just got diabetes. My energy and strength was incredible. These beings are dimension travelers and are in our time and made me aware that that death isn't the end just different and that we are made up of energy and control our environments and that they were having fun with me and was curious about my daily events. about three days later the beings left me and my dog, I wasn't even aware that they were with me for that time. My dog and I was in bed and I felt a sudden dread like something altered in time, space or dimensional and they left. my dog went back to being a dog with a less awareness, that's the best way I can explain it. I realized that for the past three days she was more attentive and like a closer friend. I know this is weird but that's all I can say and remember. I'm not afraid or confused about these events, I feel comforted with the new awareness about life. I tried to tell someone but they were skeptical, I drew a diagram of what we are in dimensional space. I don't know if this is a UFO or dimensional transcendentalism.
