{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-10-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505401","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53459","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3183,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/401/mufon-5505401.json","updb_database_id":5505401}
{cak} 2 spherical shapes seen hovering, changing direction & elevation. Flying in formation in both close & distant proximity as well as flying in non unison movement both close and far from each other

bvcI was 14 and at home. At around 9 p.m. my mother came in and said very excitedly to come with them (her & my step dad). My stepfather was in the car waiting with it still running, when I got in they told me they had been on their way home to Minerva from Canton traveling east on route 30 when they saw two shapes in the sky. They claimed to have pulled over and had watched them for about 15 minutes and decided to come get me to also witness. I thought they were playing a joke on me. We drove approx. 4 miles West on Route 30 to the same spot they had pulled over to previously. It was a small parking spot for a small engine repair & sales business. At approx 9:15 p.m. while looking North the 2 items were immediately apparent and visible. I made fun of them as on initial viewing they were just a couple of spotlights, then I thought they were just helicopters (this all in the first 10 seconds). Then it was very very evident that what we were watching were not spotlights or helicopters. The two craft that had been kind of going in a slow synchronized path stopped midair and in an instant shot straight up. They reappeared more to the East, they were around 45ish degrees in the sky, looked to be around the size of a large helicopter or commuter plane. They emitted an overall white yet not bright light, similar to a glow. The light was emitted from them. We watched them for over an hour occupy a large area of the sky, go in and out of clouds, go far off and return closely. They flew at times in a synchronized pattern at times close and far apart from each other. They also flew in a seemingly individual style even at times very very far apart and even alone at time when one would go too distant or high for us to see. After about 1:15 minutes around 10:30ish they had been flying very rapidly they stopped, hovered, about 200 or so feet apart they hovered toward each other stopped and then in an instant shot up and were gone. We stayed for about 45 minutes to see if we could see them again, they never reappeared. During their time in the sky these glowing spheres made every conceivable type of maneuver. They flew fast, slow, hovered, made abrupt directional changes. My mother called the police when we got home, they told her they had received some calls already. We didn't talk too much with other people about it, but we were all in agreement about what we had seen.
