Case No. 1705 09122021

Date: December 5, 2021.

Approximate Time: 21:54 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Spring.

Witnesses: P. R. S., 51 years old.

Description: On Thursday, December 9, 2021, the SEFAA received through its web platform a report from an informant to report the sighting of what she considered anomalous aerial phenomena and which she also photographed.

According to her explanation, around 21:54 hours on Sunday, December 5, 2021,
He was resting in his residence when he observed a bright light moving from south to north.

"Initially, I thought it was a satellite, but 20 seconds later, a second bright light appeared in the same direction, and I considered taking a picture with my cell phone as they were traveling in the same route one after the other," he wrote in his report.

The entire sighting lasted between 31 and 60 seconds, and the device used to capture two images was a Samsung Galaxy A10s mobile phone.
The observation was georeferenced in the commune of Las Condes, in Santiago, in the Metropolitan Region, at the geographic coordinates 33° 24' 37.18" South Latitude and 70° 33' 11.33" West Longitude. (Figure 1)

Figure 1.

The air traffic for that day, at that time, and in the surrounding areas was studied, without confirming the existence of a traffic moving from south to north that could explain the observation. (Figure 2)

Figure 2. Air traffic on the day and hour reported. The red dot indicates the position.
An approximate time of the witness's observation.

Subsequently, the passage of satellites on that day and at that time was studied, confirming the overflight of several of them in a generally south-north direction, as reported by the user, including Starlink 1151, Starlink 1170, Starlink 2397, the Chinese OBJECT-B, and Cosmos 2227R, among others.

Below are some images with the record of the passage of some of those satellites according to the Stellarium and Heavens Above websites:
Figure 3. The passage of Starlink 1170 satellite on the reported date, time, and location, according to the astronomical information website Stellarium.

Figure 4. The general southwest-northeast trajectory followed by Starlink 1170 satellite, according to the astronomical information website Heavens Above.

Figure 5. The trajectory followed by the Chinese satellite OBJECT-B, according to the astronomical information website Heavens Above.
Based on the above, it is very likely that the witness saw the passage of two of these satellites and managed to photograph one of them.

The images provided by the user do not appear to have been altered, although their low quality did not allow for useful examinations, as the objects captured were almost imperceptible.

Images: Two digital images in jpg format where almost nothing is captured and attached below:

Two images with zooms on the photographs are attached below.
Previous reports, where the phenomenon was barely detected:

Conclusion: The study of the satellite passage on the reported day, at the reported time, and in the reported location suggests that it is highly likely that the witness saw and photographed the passage of one of the SpaceX Starlink satellites and/or the Chinese satellite OBJECT-B.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Probably Explained."
