{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-05 23:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469426","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91103","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2390,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/426/mufon-5469426.json","updb_database_id":5469426}
{td} was wide but couldnt tell how long. made no noise at all

it was around 11:14 pm on March 5th, 2018 and I was headed to work and noticed some bright lights. I first thought it was a house someone just moved into on a mountain. As I got closer I then notice there was separation between the lights and the mountain. I drove just a little further and noticed how slow it was moving. I stopped in the middle of the road and looked to see what time it was and it was 11:17 then. This is a very windy road. I turned my radio off and rolled the windows down and got my phone to take a picture. I didn't have any data on it so I couldn't take a picture! It was very low and didn't make a bit of noise. It was wide cause there were a light on each end also about 6-8 in the middle. I couldn't tell if it was long cause there were no lights. It wasn't foggy but this was really weird , when it was almost above me there was fog in the immediate area mostly around the object. Not on the ground or close to me. I say fog because I couldn't smell any smoke. It wasn't thick and I could see the lights clearly. It floated in a straight line from when I first noticed it and where I stopped, it floated right over me. I say floated because it was moving so slow. I looked out of my passenger window and it went on its way. I couldn't believe it and wanted to call the sheriffs office but thought they might think I was crazy. There is a very small airport that it was headed toward but would have had to ascend to get that high to land at it. I never heard it accelerate. I called the airport the next day to see if anything landed there the night before and they said no. I was amazed that I saw it and that it was so low. I told some of my co workers about it and asked if anyone else seen it. None did.
