{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-31 18:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462426","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98558","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4857,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/426/mufon-5462426.json","updb_database_id":5462426}
UFO 3x brighter than star orbiting in sky at night. approx 10-15 second delay in lights. 3x Videos attached.

1. It was around 6pm on 31/Jan/19at night and I was standing at the side of my house using my vape. It was -5C or something and there wasn't a cloud in the sky so it was a great night to look at stars. At the front of my house there's streetlights and things so there's less light pollution round the side.

2. I was looking around in the sky and I noticed a bright flash near a star I was looking at (apologies, I don't know which star it was). At first I thought it may be a reflection from the corner of my eye (glasses) so I kept staring at the spot and I seen a bright light/pulse around 10-15 seconds later.

3. When I first noticed it I suspected it may be a satellite. It appeared to be very high in the sky. I didn't suspect it to be a plane because I see planes regularly flying over/near my house (I'm around 18 miles from an airport) and I am very used to seeing them in the sky. This seemed higher but larger in size. If one was even to divert from a usual flight pattern and come towards the airport at a funny angle or a strange altitude it would stick out and I would notice. In addition, you can hear them. Even now as I type I can hear one beginning to land. Also, it was spherical shaped, or at least appeared that way in the form of a light.

4. The object appeared to be orbiting. It appeared as thought it were a star, though around 3x as big/bright. As I was looking at a star next to it when I noticed, I could see that it was orbiting/moving because it was getting farther away from the star. It was flashing only once every 10 seconds or so.

5. After watching it flash around 3/4 times I realised I should pull out my phone and try and film it. 

The thing that was strange about it to me was that if it was a satellite why would it have such a big (3x star bright) flashing light on the side? What object would? If it was an object spinning and somehow light reflected off of it, why would it not flash more often, given the speed of the flash and therefore, assumed fast spinning speed? I couldn't think of any logical explanation of what it could be.

6. As the object was orbiting, I eventually lost (good)visual after a couple minutes. The direction took it so that it would go around the front of my house, where I have trees (that are bare) and the branches made it difficult to see. I had captured it on video and it didn't make sense to try watch it through the branches knowing it was only going to flash for a second, every 10 seconds, and I could easily miss it. Walking round the front of the house to get a better view would also be hampered by the streetlights.

Description of videos:

UFO - I was looking around 80/90 Degrees from the horizon and East/South East direction (approx). At the start in the top right of the screen you'll see the star. Then down and left you'll see the light. It will flash again around 10 seconds each time after that. The sort of whiter part you can see at some points down the bottom of the screen is the roof of my neighbors garden shed which was covered in frost at the time.

Vid 2 - Footage of planes so you can compare what a plane looks like. It's actually a good example because you can see a plane flight low, which will then turn East to go in and land at the airport, as well as a plane flying really high in a North/North West direction. The lights flash as you would expect from a plane. The video makes them probably look more like UFO's than the thing I'm actually querying (but I promise you they're planes).

Vid 3 - Front of my house where again you can see a plane take off and flash as you would expect it to. It doesn't capture it well but you can see the streetlights in the frame and they do appear a lot brighter in person!

I really hope someone can provide an answer! Even if it turns out not to be exciting. I'm really curious!
