{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501426","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57620","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3714,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/426/mufon-5501426.json","updb_database_id":5501426}
{dr}3 glowing red/orange lights in sky traveling on a straight, unwavering path horizontal to tree tops.

This is what I wrote my daughter immediately following the sighting. I wrote while the experience was fresh.---------------

Guess what!? I think I saw 3 UFOS tonight. Well, at least UFOs in that they were unidentified. I was posting on FB about watching the fireworks from my balcony when I noticed some lights behaving very differently from the fireworks. For one thing they originated from a part of the sky where there were no fireworks. If you look straight out my balcony you'll be facing almost due north exactly. ( It's actually about 2 degrees off according to my compass.) The fireworks were in the north to northeast east area of the sky. (It looked like they were being set off from the high school.) These odd lights originated about 5 degrees west of due north. ( From the area near the expressway.) It was hard to see in the dark exactly what they were. I can say they were higher in the sky than the fireworks, just below the cloud line. I saw one, single light that I am positive was not a firework. It originated in the sky with no tail at all. No tracer from a lit fuse. It traveled in a horizontal path several hundred feet above the tree line. The path was from the north in a swinging arc over the condo roofs to the west. It was followed by another about a minute later then one more maybe a minute later. Three in all. (That I saw. There may have been more earlier when I was inside.) I got the binoculars out to see them better. Could only see a light, no shadow of an airplane or helicopter, either of which have at least 2 if not 4 lights on them for night flight. The light was very bright and a red/orange segmented in color. They looked like large, flying light bulbs. Hard to tell the exact size because I couldn't judge the distance in the dark. But at least the size of grapefruit. 

My first thought was," ok, we know this isn't a real UFO, what is it though?" Because of the odd color of the light I thought it might be a kids science project, a homemade weather type balloon made from a small candle and a paper bag but like I said, it did not flicker and the path was steady not "drifty". It flew pretty high and never wavered. Each subsequent light flew the same way, the same direction. Airplanes and the like have multiple lights on them and I think I would have seen the shadow in the sky of the body of the airplane especially with the binoculars. Maybe they were drones? I know you can buy them privately (Theo's neighbor has one that buzzes the upstairs windows periodically.) but I would think they would be pretty pricey. And I saw 3 of them. That's a great deal of private money in the sky at one time. And I don't think I would put them in the air with all the yokels setting off rockets and sky cannons. I couldn't hear them make any noise but then the fireworks were going off at the same time. But even in between booms I couldn't make out a buzz or hum or rumble of any kind. 

So, if you have any ideas what I saw I am open to suggestions. It'll bug me all
