{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-26 14:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526426","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29263","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5310,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/426/mufon-5526426.json","updb_database_id":5526426}
UFO's have been buxxing my home for year's now...watching me and my dog..

I have been outside looking at star's one night and cought a lot of UFO's and they started to make me very nervous..Because I have gotten all of these Saucer UFO's and they have a special interest in me for some reason..here is the blog that has some of the photo's and some classified info..That the gov.doesn't want you to know about..goto
 
 [Link moved to additional evidence section/cms/tg]

  I have had experiances of waking up after I was dropped into the bed and stuff started to fall off of my bed headboard. I started to get really worried about the visit's..I still think something BIG is sstarting to happen. I just hope that from sending this out that My computer will stop being messed with the gov. Who else would cause so many problem's???I have never had any problem's with my computer because I have online backup and the only way to delete my stuff like it did was a government opperative..
   
  I did get a call from the areospace company in Nevada,IN the desert...? I have never been there and they said that they were with MUFON itself and MUFON has never gotten in touch with me...Never !!! I just wish someone would come and veryfy what I have had to make several coppies of files and hide them with all my friend's and family..But they don't even know where they are hidden..For safety sake..trying to save my own butt! 
 
  On a lighter side...these UFO's are near as 25 feet from my front potch and are invisible due to the same technology that the government has stollen from the Alein's...I have promminate knollege of such thing's and how to fly the ship..I was trainned in it..there are 2 ball's like in a mouse inverted into both sides of the navagation chair, along with control's to set window's, door's, light preferences ect..All are controlled by the navagation chair...I remember this from one of my night's and remember seeing fibreoptical cable in the wall of the ship..ONe of the pannel's were taken off to let me see and remember..key word...REMEMBER...then all went black and I was once again in my bed...And I woke up after I felt myself fall into the bed. That is what woke me up.hitting the bed on my belly.. It was atleast 6 inches off of the bed..YOU will know if you are good enought to niotice..Most people don't even wake up..I just wanted to let other's know that if they wanted to hurt us. It would be very easy to do be their mean's..
   MY blog photo's were uploaded from a simple digital camera and I had 3 of them and thet is why they disallowed them because other's might see UFO's and they dan't want that. It might cause a pannic..thank you, Mr. keith
   Pss...The Mother Ship broke throught the cloud's last night and looked like as big as the football stadium..I was sooo in awe, and fell backward's. I didn't have time to get my camera out when it shot off like a bullet, from a dead stop !!!! I thought that it was going to fall out of the sky onto me...????? And that is when I got really nervous about doing this and I like UFO research... I couldn't get that photo because it was gone as fast as it broke throught the cloud's...It burned the cloud's and left an outline of the Mother Ship outline in the cloud's, dropped to just above the biggest tree's across the way, turned left,from facing North,still not flying around..Stationary.. imediately and didn't accellerate..It just shot off like it was Mock 9 or faster...I am reporting this and giving up the information to higher sources...This is getting too big to keep to myself NOW...I have UFO video's that show a Radar screen on my camera photo's and it doesn't have a way to do this...The program has limited resourses..But obvoiously someone has this radar screen showing all other alien ship's in the space around us and in the sky..I have wanted to work with the government but they have ignorred me even Now !!! 
    
  I just hope that I can get someone to veryfy this on my computer so that this can get into the propper Authorities..This is Radar photo's of my camera that have had their(Alien/UFO)imprint of their radar and where there ship's are in the sky...By singullarities that show other ship's and where they are established or where they are at. Also showing our ship's and what we have in orbit !! I have proof of this and if you go outside and use a digital camera you can see this too..thank you Sir(s) and have a good day..I will have to do some work to photograph the radar video's to know the massive ship's that are in our outer orbit of space. 
              Mr. "H"
