{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483426","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76467","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2674,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/426/mufon-5483426.json","updb_database_id":5483426}
three white orbs approx 30 feet wide no lights noise or trail

It was mid afternoon. I was visiting a friend's daughter's house and we were taking the garbage out. Charles was in the garage. I was at the top of the driveway. I looked up and saw a white orb floating along from the ne. Before I could call Charles, another orb appeared and then another. They were moving in a straight line at the speed of a jet, or maybe slightly slower. they stayed the same distance apart as they moved in a straight line silently across the sky to the sw. They were up as high as jets fly, maybe slightly lower. I thought to myself, 'here we go again, i'm seeing something no one will believe'.

I called Charles. He came up and saw them too. We stood and watched until we could see them no more. They disappeared behind the Vancouver skyline never changing course. They never emitted a light, although they were white and it was a sunny day, so it would have been hard to tell. They never changed colour or course. They never made a sound or left a trail. They reminded me of the object video taped over the Los Angeles area in January 2016. 

I had seen an orb before many years ago in the early '80's in my bedroom in Ottawa, Ontario. It was a blue one slightly bigger than a basketball and the light it emitted cast a blue that was brighter than the object. The object had two blue points of light spinning around inside of it the points of light were bright, but the lights left a dull trail inside the ball as they spun around rapidly. I had been asleep and opened my eyes to notice the white walls of my room were lit up blue. then I looked up about 10 inches to a foot over my chest, there was the orb. At first I was just marvelling at it, then I realized what I was looking at, got freaked out, sat straight up and the sphere disappeared in an instant, my walls return to white, my room dark. Freaky, not sure what it was. When I awoke, I was hearing what I call 'holy music' which is a meditation technic i practice. the sound is what I guess the universal vibration might be.
