{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-02 17:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282485","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120967","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2711,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/485/mufon-5282485.json","updb_database_id":5282485}
Two large dull objects in evening sky, moving silently

I was in my back garden when I noticed 2 large silent objects the like of which that I have not seen previously in the sky. The size of the objects first caught my attention and the fact that they generated no noise or reflected any light. I found it very hard to know if these were smaller objects close to me, or very large objects further away from my location. 

When I first sighted the objects I thought that they were either parachutes or Chinese lanterns, but I could see no evidence of objects dangling from beneath the "canopies", or ropes to connect things to these objects. 

The first object looked like a parachute canopy, the second object looked like a kite or a bat (rounded edge at the topside, connecting to three points at the trailing edge), but similar to the object that the US Navy pilots captured off Mexico in the early 2000's. The objects had no detail that I could see, they appear to be solid, no edges or panels were observable except for the outline of the objects. They both moved quickly, smoothly and silently through the sky, below cloud level. 

Their position relative to one another remained constant as they moved, and their position about their vertical and horizontal axis did not change either. There was no evidence that the skin of either object was being impacted by wind or other atmospheric interference, they appeared to be rigid. I have a high powered torch which I shone on the the objects, but got no reflection from, or illumination onto, the objects.

My security camera captured a higher pitched noice/interference whilst these objects were visible in the sky.

I was surpirsed to see these objects, because I understand the local and international flight patterns very well in this area, and these objects did not follow known flight paths, or were at an expected altitude. I was also surprised by their shape, size, and gentle movement.

The two objects disappeared very quickly to the southeast of my position, they visibly faded into the evening sky as they moved, rather than disappear in the instance.
