{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525485","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30269","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3086,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/485/mufon-5525485.json","updb_database_id":5525485}
Orangish Orb chased by helicopter over Kansas City, Mo

A group of us (14 people) were visiting the Kansas City area and had just visited the Liberty Memorial near Downtown Kansas City at night to see the views of the city. As we were leaving and walking down long entrance to the memorial we noticed two lights at approximately 2000 feet of altitude coming from due south of the Liberty Memorial headed to the north. As the two 1lights1 came closer to us I said to one of my friends,1hey look at the helicopters flying in formation1. The entire group began looking at the 1helicopters1. As the two approached we could see that they were different. One was no doubt a helicopter. It was easily identifiable. It was also now apparent that the helicopter was chasing or engaging the other object in what looked to be an inquisitive posture. It really looked like the helicopter was trying to figure out what the heck this thing was. My description of this 1craft1 would be Orangish/Yellowish/Goldish1 also like a small sun1.. or for lack of a better word, orb. If I had to narrow it down to one color it would be orangish1. It was obviously spherical in shape. The colors were not from multiple lights, but more like entire craft was glowing. It had no blinking lights like normal aircraft. The only sound that could be heard was from the helicopter.(single helicopter blade sounds)

As they reach the air space just above our heads the helicopter appeared to swing around to get a better look. The object changed directions slightly to the Northwest and the helicopter seemed to back off quickly, then continued to trail the object. At approximately a mile from our location it appeared the helicopter backed off more and a plane (with blinking lights) appeared to flyby. At this point the object seemed to speed up and leave the area at a much quicker speed. 

I1m 48 years old and I can honestly say I have no clue what this 1craft1 could have been, I have never seen anything that would even come close to this craft in appearance. It was obviously controlled and it had obviously gained the attention of what appeared to be a Police helicopter. 

I could upload a image, but it is only lines of color. I had been taking long exposure images of the monument (night/dark photography)and turned to snap a shot and still had the camera set at several second exposure time.. It does however show the change of direction and small dounble line for the helicopter. (front light and tail light)
