{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-04 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482485","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77475","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3247,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/485/mufon-5482485.json","updb_database_id":5482485}
{nd} Unexplained bright lights scan house for two hours during thurnderstorm

This email was received by Missouri ASD today through our website: "My friend and I were house sitting at an older, 1 bedroom house in the middle of nowhere outside Sarcoxie night before last. Neither of us has ever spent the night there before and the house isn't particularly nice, or clean and has the portable kind of air conditioner with 2 large hoses that you have to wedge in the window. We had moved it to the bedroom and at 3 a.m., very bright lights came in through the area where the curtain was pulled up and to the side because of the a.c. hoses. It lit up a straight line, going up until reaching the ceiling, about a foot thick. This continued, line after line, almost like the lights under a scanner. When we looked out the corner, the lights were so large and bright, it almost looked and sounded like some type of large farm machinery, and there are 2 big fields behind and beside the house. On the right side there is type of metal barn, then the tree line begins. It would be near impossible to even fit something like that next to the house, much less turn to go to the back. After several minutes after "scanning" the entire room, it moved to each room in the house, doing the same thing, but not in the front, which faces the highway. This was during a thunderstorm and the rain quit above the house the whole time this went on, which was for 2 hours. The thunder and lightning never stopped and the thunder was louder than any I've ever heard. Almost immediately after it left, the rain returned. Last night, I had a similar experience that I would be more than happy to explain over the phone. It was not a drone or farm equipment. The closest neighbors didn't see it, so I'm thankful my friend did, or I might worry I'm going crazy. I don't know what to do or who to call, but I am absolutely terrified. Please contact me as soon as possible, at any time." 
The event occurred at 3 a.m. to 5 a.m. in the early morning hours of July 3, 2016
ASD contacted the witness by phone today and obtained further information. The witness went back to the house with her boyfriend the next night (actually later the same night July 3) and again the lights appeared but at the earlier time of 10:30 p.m. and The witness was afraid and called her parents to come pick her up immediately. The witness and her boyfriend searched the exterior grounds and house but found no evidence of a landing or damages to vegetation. Further information will be in my report.
