{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-05-10 03:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490485","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69098","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2425,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/485/mufon-5490485.json","updb_database_id":5490485}
it telepathically lured me to open the window, i opened the blinds n ut was looking right at me saying, I won't hurt you

I signed off my computer, and I had a strong feeling to go and open the Dens window. I rolled up the blinds and there it was staring up at me. It spoke to me telepathically - don't worry I won't hurt you. I was fixated on it's face and how the slow rain drops made it blink. I kept saying telepathically to it, where is your hair, why don't you have any eyebrows, why don't you have any hair, what happened to your hair. Our eye contact was kept for at least 5 minutes. The tiny nostrals, slim lips, no eyelashes or eyebrows, the greyish skin colour, the large head, the eyes were blinking from a few rain drops falling into it's eyes. Big almond shaped eyes dark eyes but no whites in the eyes. It appeared and felt if I may say like a female, or felt femine to me. I felt parts of the back of my head tingling, perhaps it was reading my mind or trying to put me in a trance, which I did break out of and after about 5 minutes I just out of the blue closed the blinds quickly. Stopped took a breath and knew I had to open those blinds again and I did but it was gone. I looked out every window and turned the back lights on, throughout the entire house, but no sign of anything. My mother heard me close the blinds so quickly she asked if everything is okay, I said yes. I could not tell her at that moment what happened as she slept alone on the main floor, but I did tell her the next day. After that, I had weird dreams, a dream of how to create electricity without wires, and funny how everyone I met was talking about Tesla. I have also seen UFO ships many times. Alone and with others.
I have had so many strange happenings throughout my life, but was afraid to say anything as others do or may not understand!
