{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1952-03-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5177585","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1asec84","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5177585,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
dull orange-yellow saucer-shaped light fly straight and levelForm 97-Directory
Date: Thu, 6 Oct 2005 16:26:50 +0100 (BST)
Subject:
March 20, 1952,
Centreville, Maryland.
(BBU 1074)
Category: 1
Source: Ruppelt, Report on Unidentified Flying Objects, 135-136

The
report below sounds very similar to the March 20, 1952 sighting at
Centerville, Maryland, by A.D. Hutchison of the CIA. This object
took a vertical "jump".

While I'd been in California, Colonel
Dunn had received a call from
General Samford's office. It seems that a few nights before, one of the
top people in the Central Intelligence
Agency was having a lawn party at his home just outside Alexandria,
Virginia. A number of notable personages were in attendance and
they had seen a flying saucer. The report had been passed down to Air
Force intelligence, and due to the quality of the brass involved, it
was "suggested" that I get to Washington on the double and talk to the
host of the party. I was at his office before 5:00 P.M. and got his
report.
About ten o'clock in the evening he
and two other people were standing near the edge of his yard talking;
he happened to be facing south, looking off across the countryside. He
digressed a bit from his story to explain that his home is on a hilltop
in the country, and when looking south, he had a view of the entire
countryside. While he was talking to the two other people he noticed a
light. He had assumed it was an airplane and had casually watched it,
but when the
light
got fairly close, the CIA man said that he suddenly
realized there wasn't any sound associated with
it. If it were an airplane it would have been close enough for
him to hear even above the hum of the guests' conversations. He had
actually quit talking and was looking at the light when it stopped for
an instant and began to climb
almost vertically. He said something to the other guests, and
they looked up just in time to see the light finish its climb, stop,
and level out. They all watched it travel level for a few seconds, then
go into a nearly vertical dive, level out, and
streak off to the east.
Most everyone at the party had seen the
light before it disappeared,
and within minutes several friendly arguments as to what it was had
developed, I was told. One person thought it was a lighted balloon, and
a retired general thought it was an airplane. To settle the arguments,
they had made a few telephone calls. I might add that these people were
such that the mention of their names on a telephone got quick results.
Radar in the Washington area said that there had been no airplanes
flying west to east south of Alexandria in the past hour. The weather
station at Bolling AFB said that there were no balloons in the area,
but as a double check the weather people looked at their records of
high altitude winds. It couldn't have been a balloon because none of
the winds up to 65,000 feet were blowing from west to east - and to be
able to see a light on a balloon, it has to be well below 65,000 feet;
the man from CIA told me that they had even considered the possibility
that the UFO was a meteor and that the had been due to some kind of an
atmospheric distortion. But the light
had been in sight too long to be a meteor. He added that an army
chaplain and two teetotaler guests had also seen
the light jump.
There wasn't much left for me to do when
I
finished talking to the man. He and his guests had already made all of
the checks that I'd have
made. All I could do was go back to Dayton, write up his report, and
stamp it "Unknown."

See BB documents
1097-100 here
