{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1973-06-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180817","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"12pz74u","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180817,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Several dogs undisturbed by oval object w/ light beams/windGroup

/Category 4
Animal
Effect Cases

Case Directory
Columbia, Missouri
June 28, 1973

Animal Reaction Feature:
The two major witnesses in this event are James
Richards, 41, an animal care technician at the
University of Missouri, and his daughter, Vanea,
16. After midnight, Vanea heard a loud, persistent
thrashing sound outside their house trailer, and called
her father. Richards moved to the window and saw
two light beams about 5 feet apart from each other and
50 feet away from his window. The beams
disappeared, and a glowing bright oval form appeared,
lighting up the area. The thrashing sound was
apparently trees moving as if blown by wind (wind was
only 5 knots), and after the oval form appeared, this
sound suddenly ceased. The night was clear and
calm.

As Richards moved from window to window, he noticed his
dogs lying very still near the corner of the trailer
that was nearest to the oval object. The dogs were
large security animals, who would normally bark at
various night animals and who were not easily
frightened. Richard though it strange they were
not barking at all the noise and the bright lights.

Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:
The initial two light beams were tapered, about 4 feet
wide at the top and about 2 feet wide at the bottom
where they touched the ground, and the upper inner edges
were about 5 feet apart. They were very bright and
silver-white in color.

The bright beams faded out rapidly, and a bright oval
form appeared just above the location of the two
beams. The oval was estimated to be 12-15 feet in
diameter and near the ground. It was extremely
bright, silver-white in color, the edges were fuzzy, and
no surface details were visible. It was very
bright at the center and a duller white at the edges.
The trees on both sides of the oval were clearly
visible, including trees as far away as 100 feet.
The only sounds were the thrashing sounds of the
vegetation as if being blown by strong wind, but one
tree showed a different motion as it something were
pulling that tree toward the ground. As indicated
above, soon after the oval became visible, the sounds
ceased, but the one tree continued to show an earthward
tugging motion until a loud cracking sound was heard,
and the tugging motion stopped (a branch broken off at
17 feet was found the next day). It was at this
point that Richards made the observation of his dogs.

The object moved away to 200 feet from the window and
hovered, and now, with it less bright to the eye, the
witnesses could see a blue band of light and an orange
glow extending around the outer edge of the oval.

At this point, possible EM effects (house lights dimmed,
telephone line problems) were reported.

The object1s movement was smooth and slow and no sound
was heard. The oval moved back near its original
position and disappeared by growing smaller (glow
faded). It did not seem to be moving away as it
would have run into trees.

Possible physical traces included marks on the broken
limb, imprints into the ground, and leaves dying.
Upon a later visit by investigator Phillips, leaves were
dead and limbs were barren over the area.

No physiological effects were reported.

Sources:
Hall, Richard H., 2002, The UFO Evidence, Vol. II,
Lanham, MD, Scarecrow Press, pages 61-62.

Phillips, Ted, The Center for Physical Trace Research
Site, Cases of 1High Strangeness,1 TRACAT FILE
#568 (can be found at: www.angelfire.com/mo/cptr/Columbia.html).
