{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519675","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37102","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2355,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/675/mufon-5519675.json","updb_database_id":5519675}
Whit light dropped down to above trees, turned white and camt towards my car

It was the beginning of March, right when they were starting to do gas explorations in the Minto Flats in the Nenana Basin area and I was on my way home in the evening right before ten oclock pm. I had turned down my drive when I saw a light down the drive by my neighbors house who works away from home for weeks at at time. I decided to investigate and started down the drive when the white light dropped straight down in the sky, changing color to red - so I turned my truck around in the neighbors drive and was starting to get another witness, got to Parks Highway Towing and decided it might be gone until I got back, so I better go and investigate on my own. As I started down the drive again, my house is 7/10 of a mile off parks Highway, the light was still there and instead of it staying in one place, it started to come towards my truck again. This time I turned around in my drive and went back to Parks Highway and pulled into a turn off and watched the light for about ten minutes to see what it would do.When oit rose up it turned white again. It made no sound and was about the size of a helicopter. It stayed in one place, near my driveway. I decided that nobody would ever believe me so I went and got a friend of mine, and told him there was somthing funny going on at my house - would he have time to come with me and check it out. When we got back, the light was gone. I took him home, went home and havent seen anything since. It was white, changed to red when it dropped down initially and then turned white again when it was higher in the sky. It made no noise, could stay in one place without making a sound, and dropped down in a straight line when it changed color.
