{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-07-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494675","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2909,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/675/mufon-5494675.json","updb_database_id":5494675}
{rjl} multi units circling central unit, each departing central unit approx 5 minutes apart in different directions.

Beautiful evening, on a rural lake, approximately 40 miles from Lake Superior. I was (about age 30) enjoying the magnificent milky way, looking N.E. saw bright red light, miles up/away. Staring, I realized there were 10 or 12 smaller ones, circling the largest light. Every 5 minutes or so, one of the smaller ones would suddenly take off like a shot, disappearing over the horizon in seconds. My father, a Navy bomber photograper, lived next door, I ran to get him, he was sort of drunk, but came out, watched a couple of the smaller units blast away from the main one, his comment was. Holy cow! " i've been in a hundred military flights, and nothing from earth can move like that", his opinion mirrored mine, as to location, saying they "looks like they're out over Lake Superior." Then he walked away saying "don't let them take you away" . I watched the last of the small units fly away , then the large one made several circles its self before dissapearing at a speed so fast it was hard to track visually.  The entire spectacle lasted almost an hour. I grew up in a time, 50's and 60's, when most adults just took it as fact that ufo's were real. I can remember my parents talking with their friends, hearing commits like, well, they allready have dead ones from crashes, pieces of spaceships , erc., it's only a matter of time before they catch a survivor, then we'll really know what's going on, some people were excited, anticipated meeting our neighbors from space!. Then something changed, early 60's , no more new articles about ufo's, the government started denying their existence, etc. Literally like a huge ufo cover-up became national policy of our government.    During that same time frame, a friend of mine driving her car, said one hovered over her car, about 5 or 6 miles from where I lived. Her car died, no power.no lights, nothing, she was terrified, then it flew away, her car started and she kept driving, fast. The next day, there were only 4 or 5 houses in this desolate little neighborhood, but all reported power failures, lights, tv's and radio outages, etc, 2 more claimed they saw a huge bright light hovering overhead maybe a 100 feet over the trees, then flying away.
