{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-30 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284675","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118743","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4270,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/675/mufon-5284675.json","updb_database_id":5284675}
Strange moving lights over ocean in Long Beach CA over several weeks - until helicopters showed up

We repeatedly saw this light from our front, upstairs balcony leading to our front door at a duplex on Naples Island, Long Beach CA. We would see the light moving erratically over the ocean for 10-20 min at a time over the course of a few weeks. We didn't know what to make of it or what it was. No one could think of *anything* that could move like that - and 10+ years later, we still can't. I remember pulling out my cell phone and trying to take a picture - but it was too small and too far away to show up on my crappy flip phone at the time... and honestly, I doubt it would look like much even now on my iPhone X. Based on the Facebook post I'd made at the time, here is some of my description, answering questions from friends that commented: "Four of us saw this. Rob (my husband), Gwyn (my daughter) and Rob's business partner were watching it for about 10 minutes before I got home - then we all watched for another 10 minutes after... then towards the end, it went way high up in the sky and then dove straight down fast and I can only guess into the ocean -- and then a bunch of helicopters came to the area and we didn't see it again" and "It just looked like a pale blue light from where we were. Rob & Gwyn said that earlier it had been changing colors, though. But I didn't see that - just pale blue". More specifically, we watched it make gliding, feather like movements - sharp turns and everything in between. Then we saw at helicopters coming from either direction - from up and down the coast - and as they got closer, the light meandered high, high up into the sky and hovered there for a moment... and then when the helicopters were closing in, it dove straight down, REALLY FAST and I assume dove into the water. When the helicopters got to the area, they lowered down out of our sight behind the buildings between us and the ocean. After that night, we never saw the light again.
Around this time (I now can't recall if it was on THIS night or one of the other times we saw it), my husband has a recollection of being on the back patio, smoking a cigarette and seeing a light in the sky like what we'd been seeing over the ocean - then he saw a beam of light come out of it. At first he assumed it was a "ghetto bird" (police helicopter) looking for someone nearby... but he couldn't hear it. Then the beam of light came closer to him, eventually hitting him. He feels like when he came back inside, much more time had passed than he'd originally thought... but he's not sure. Whatever TV show we were watching he no longer knew what was happening, though, and he felt like he'd missed a lot more than the normal commercial break when he'd go smoke. However, his mother also has a story of missing time (a couple hours) when she was around 16 (in the mid-60s) - she went to sit on the curb in the early afternoon and wait for some friends to pick her up and saw a *huge* craft just over her head (just above the treetops) - she remembers all the details, windows, etc of it and that it was bigger than a football field. She said that when she later saw the TV show "V", that it looked a lot like one of those ships coming up overhead and was very surreal to watch. Next thing she knows, she's standing on her porch and she calls to her mom to come outside to see it - at which point it zipped straight up, "jumping" huge distances away in small bursts. When her mom came out she discovered that it was now late afternoon. 
I do have one more short sighting from several years back, but it's not as interesting lol. And that's all I've got.
