Case No. 1791 17062022

Date: 13 December 2017.

Approximate Time: 21:17 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Spring.

Witnesses: K. T. V.

Description: The informant reported having seen and filmed what they considered
air anomalies at "09:17" on 13 December 2017 from their home in the commune
of Santiago, in the Metropolitan Region.

The user described what they saw as more than three lights of "car headlight"
type, visible for 31 to 60 seconds always to the south of where they were.
He finished his report stating that (sic): “I was on the balcony of my apartment, on the 14th floor, when those lights appeared and I thought it was an Aviation exercise, but later the suspension and speed caught my attention.”

Figure 1

Marked with green arrows and apparently above the San Jorge/Chena hills, Figure 1 shows the luminous objects as they appear in frames extracted from the four videos of the case.

The user's location was georeferenced using coordinates
Corresponding to a site located approximately 15.2 kilometers northeast of the runway of the El Bosque (SCBQ) Air Base of the Chilean Air Force. (Figure 2)

Figure 2

The case was based on four video files, whose analysis did not allow the date of the captures to be confirmed, but also did not show signs of digital alteration. A total of 1,261 frames were extracted and studied from them.

As can be seen in Figure 1, the recordings show objects that
They emit light and could be interpreted as evolving over the San Jorge to Chena ridge, gaining altitude and becoming unseen.

According to the user's testimony, this would have occurred on December 13, 2017, which is consistent with a series of night flights by squadrons of the Aviation School of Captain Manuel Ávalos Prado of the Chilean Air Force. These activities are recurrent in the month of December and on this occasion they were preparatory for the graduation of the
2017 generation of officers carried out at sunset on Tuesday, December 19.
(Figure 3)
Figure 3
The reason why the lights could be interpreted as suspended was
an optical illusion caused because, on one hand, planes were flying in
closed and level groups to go executing a sequential approximation
descending towards the west end of El Bosque Air Base. At
approaching by facing the user, its lights were considered as
Static and increasingly higher than the line of hills. As the planes turned, they stopped pointing their lights at the witnesses. Both the distance and the thin profiles of their lights, the lighting conditions at the time, and the fact that they were finally obscured by buildings in front of the witness, allowed them to be lost from view without being able to follow their final trajectories.

Images: The case was studied with four recordings contained in files created prior to being sent to SEFAA, but that were not included in the original report.
They showed signs of alterations. For this reason, they were considered valid audiovisual material.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of the geographical, forensic, and photographic studies, it was concluded that what was reported were the lights of Pillán aircraft in preparatory flights for the graduation of the 2017 generation of officers of the Chilean Air Force.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained."
