{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-20 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505961","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52861","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2737,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/961/mufon-5505961.json","updb_database_id":5505961}
BRIGHT ORANGE STAR LIKE OBJECT IN WESTERN SKY. HOVERING, THEN MOVES TO THE RIGHT AND DISSINTIGRATES INTO THE CLEAR NIGHT SKY.

Hi there,
I live in Mumbai India. It was Friday the 20th of December 2013 at 8 pm. I am a member of a Club with a large swimming pool in Mumbai and it is located right off the Arabian Sea. 3 of my friends and I decided to spend the evening there. We entered at around 7.55 pm and were walking towards the Club House which is located right next to the ocean. I did not notice the moon and there was a large light illuminating the swimming pool. The night sky over the ocean was pitch dark and I could see the stars very clearly. I am a very eager star gazer and take every opportunity to look at the night sky and so that day was no different and I did just that. I moved away from that bright light that was illuminating the pool to get a better look at the sky and to my surprise noticed this star like object but with a very strange deep orange glow to it. I called out to my friends who had settled down to a table placed on the lawn in front of the club house. They came to where I was standing and we all saw this strange light. There was something different about it, it was too orange for a normal star. it was twinkling to a point of giving off a pulsating effect and had an extended glowing effect at the bottom. We all realised this was not an aircraft or a helicopter as it seemed too high for a helicopter and in any case the whole so called craft was glowing with no strobe lights at all. It was approximately 45 degrees above the horizon right over the dark Arabian sea and there were no other identifiable aircraft in the vicinity. After Hovering for about 5 minutes it suddenly started moving to the right very slowly and gave the effect of actually disintigrating rather than disappearing into the night sky. It was an absolutely cloudless night, so there was no chance of cloud interference. We were all left startled but thought rationally but could not come upto a conclusion of what we saw was anything terrestrial!
