{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-08-16 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547961","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13294","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2440,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/961/mufon-5547961.json","updb_database_id":5547961}
my li sister and i were riding in the back seat of the family car. we were headed to south carolin. for vacation. she and i both saw it. and when we tried dto wake mom while dad was driving it disappeared into thin air.

it had a lite on each end of the cross shape. it turned from one position to another and back to the beginning position while lites flashing. we thought it was a helicopter. put it was extremily quiet. the weather was clear no clouds. it was as though it was hovering along side my fathers car. it was on the passenger side. we were looking out of the window from the back seat of a 67 chevy malibu two door. my sister and i have never told anyone about this. in fear they would think we were crazy. we were very scared...our mom was asleep in the front seat. daddy was driving. when we tried to get mom to wait up and she did. we were yelling look look. and in a flash it was gone. she never saw it. it wasn't quit the normal cross shape. it was crossed in the middle. so it could have been a different shape with the lites on each corner. my sister and i didn't talk about this until we got back home in detroit. and late one night my sister woke me up and told me that she saw a face in the hallway. i thought she was lieing. until i looked in the exact spot she told me to look in. it was a shadow of an creature. with the wide to nerrow eyes. and large forehead. it was quit frightening. we jumped under the covers and yelled for our mom. she came and we told her about the fave. she couldn't see it but the eyes followed her every move. later it dissapeared and we never saw it again. we were taking the old number 2 route to south carolina. from detroit michigan. it was and i believe still mountain area. some flatland as well. i just remember some open field or wooded areas. and it came out of nowhere. near religh.nc area
