{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-18 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516961","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41140","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2758,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/961/mufon-5516961.json","updb_database_id":5516961}
{nd} dark object, full daylight, moderate speed, trailed C141

Approximately 6 p.m. I was on my patio watching for aircraft (I can observe approach/departure for DCA, DUL, Andrews AFB, Davidson AAF, and Manassas Regional)and enjoy identifying both aircraft and birds (we have eagles, hawlks, and vultures.) My patio faces common ground and affords a relatively good view of the sky facing north. Weather was clear, visibility about 10 miles and there were originally no aircraft to be seen. Looking to the NE toward DCA I noticed a dark spec which at first appeared to be an eagle in the distance gliding sideward as they do when hunting. The spec traveled toward me (NE to SW) faster than eagles do and as it approched it began a long smooth turn to its left (toward SE) and I could see it was a soundless dark object (despite it being in direct sunlight) shaped like an oblong "seed" with the narrow point at the rear and the blunt end forward.....apparent size comparable to a grain of rice held at arms length. I followed its turn and then heard the sound of an aircraft approaching from behind me (from SW to NE) which had been shielded by the building behind me. It was clearly an Air Force C-141 which we see a lot of around here. The object continued its turn and fell in trail behind the C-141 at a distance of about 1/4 to 1/2 the length of the C-141 and about the same speed and altitude. I estimated the C-141 to be at about 2000, 180-200 knots clean (no flaps or wheels down). I followed the progress of both until they disappeared behind a nearby treeline. FOOTNOTE: We recently(metro Washington DC) had USAF/Dept. Homeland Defense exercises in which fighters (F-15s F-16s) "intercepted" USAF C-141s. I observed one of those intercepts in about the same location in the sky and I guarantee you a fighter wouldnt position himself in the bigger planes turbulence as this object I observed did. Also, the USAF fighters, while painted a dark flat gray were clearly and instantly identifiable as fighters. My observation of the USAF exercise and the object I couldnt identify were a month apart. There were no exercises announced for the date in question.
