{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1961-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483961","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75886","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3048,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/961/mufon-5483961.json","updb_database_id":5483961}
{rjl} Silver disc

This was my first siting (5 more as the years went by). I was almost 7 at the time and we had spent the day in Ridgewood NJ house hunting. My father was going to start work in NY city as Sr. Engineer building 222 Broadway (the building is still there today). We were driving home to Utica, NY and going north on the NY turnpike. I had fallen asleep in the back of the station wagon and it was late in the afternoon. I remember the sun in my eyes as I was trying to sleep. I heard my parents talking and you know when your young that you know something is wrong when you hear the tone of their conversation. I picked my head up and asked what was wrong. My father told me to go back to sleep. Of course I did the opposite. I looked up front. My brother was asleep but my sister and mother were looking out the passenger side windows. I moved over to the window and when I looked out I saw a silver disc just above the trees following along the side of the car. It was silver/reflective and was about the size of a golf ball off to the east. I state the direction since the sun was on the other side of the car in the late afternoon and had not set yet. I remember saying something like it was neat at which my mother got mad at me an said there was nothing neat about it. She said she had told my father to get off the highway and go to a police station. My father stated that he had no plans to pull over and stop at a police station. If he did what would he say. They would think I was drunk of out of my mind. I asked how long has it been following us. My mother said too long but my sister said about 15 minutes. I said wow and was told to shut up by both my parents. As I looked out at the disc it seemed smaller. At that point it did not go higher, it just pulled away. About 10 seconds later it was gone. No one talked about the rest of the way home.
The next morning at breakfast I said I could not wait for show and tell at school to tell everyone what happened. To my surprise my parents told me I should not talk about it and as far as they were concerned it was just some new type of airplane. Even at almost 7 years old I was already into planes ( I eventually became a pilot) and was putting together model planes. This object had no wings no propeller or jet engine. Well I told my story at school and was laughed at and my teacher told me I had a good imagination. 
As I said this was my first siting with more as the years went by.
