{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-08-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484961","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74837","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3229,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/961/mufon-5484961.json","updb_database_id":5484961}
{jpg} Hovering disc that proceeded towards me in broad daylight, then exited sky in non-ballistic motion. No sound whatsoever. m

This is being provided as information that is supplemental to the report of this incident that has already been filed as a sighting with MUFON. The sighting of an extraterrestrial disc precludes events that happen later in the life of someone that has been witness to exceptional events. I have watched a series of events unfold as to what someone experiences with safeguards that comprise government security mandates to control access to information. There is always a purpose to an actual event that involves a sighting, or a direct contact or experience with telepathic alien beings. I am a man that has been thoroughly destroyed in my legal credibility, my outlook on life, and the cognizance of my surroundings as a result of that event that the hope appears to be to dissuade me from direct observation. The intention seems to be to affect a spiritual trust with these alien beings in trying to suggest to me that I have been abandoned by them in my time of need. The only problem with that line of thinking is that this was being coordinated by very real people that seem to be intent upon a vertical control to oversee how these events are to be interpreted outside of government regulation. I have been privy to a knowledge of events of classified research to see the ramifications as to whether people that have seen exceptional events can be psychologically conditioned to reject a relationship to extraterrestrial intelligence as the source of their persecution. The interest to determine if these alien beings can be turned against witnesses to extraterrestrial phenomenon also seems to be central to generating discord as a condition of national security. This appears to be intended to conceal the actual intention of a vertical control by some government intelligence analysts. The inability to screen how other people perceive extraterrestrial intervention is now an information safeguard that is being used for that express purpose by government personnel that are intent upon limiting disclosure outside of a personal approval. The circumstances that ensue when a rejection in these two categories cannot become actualized at the same time, aliens against witnesses, and witnesses against aliens, has culminated in people that have seen Unidentified Flying Objects to be unable to even make a life for themselves now. The sighting of an extraterrestrial craft was meant to be a beginning of the understanding of conscientious responsibility in the fulfillment of justice, and not an ending.
