{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-26 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525961","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5427,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/961/mufon-5525961.json","updb_database_id":5525961}
Large Pyramid Rectangular shape changing object over Central Valley Los angeles

I arrived at home to my high rise apartment in southern central valley, Koreatown, Los angeles at around 11:15 pm June, 26th 2011. I sat down at my Northern facing window, which has a panoramic view of the Central valley, Hollywood sign, Los Feliz, Griffith Park and Observatory... in short, I can pretty much everything see from West hollywood to the Eastern San Gabriel valley very clearly before the hills the observatory sits on. No Smog coverage ever obstructs my view, and I pride myself on my 20/20 vision, as well as my sane, rational, and moderately skeptical perspective of the world. I am a double BA holder, an engineer, and a non drug using, fully functioning member of society. 

That being said, what I am about to describe defies everything I have come to comprehend about modern science, the boundaries of what is possible in accordance with the laws of physics, and the limits of human understanding, ingenuity, and engineering.

I lit up a cigarette and looked out North towards the valley, and noticed a large light-greyish, possibly even dark white, rectangular object, the size of a small building, that seemed to be floating over the Silverlake/Eastern Hollywood area at what seemed to be an altitude of roughly half mile above the street, possibly even less than that. At first it behaved a lot like a used car-lot sales balloon would, as if it was tethered to the ground, and was being gently rocked back and forth by the wind. It hovered stationary, silently, and seemed to be making very small east/west movements, like back and forth by a few feet. Almost as if it was keeping itself up, but for the most part remained stationary over the city; Very small movements. At this point I screamed for my girlfriend to come and verify what I was seeing and also get some assurance of my own sanity had not slipped. She too saw exactly what I was seeing.

At first she couldn't speak, but then reasoned that it must be an asteroid entering the atmosphere, as she had read about one travelling in record proximity to Earth in recent days. The We quickly realized this was not possible due to the fact that the object began to transform in mid air.

At around 11:33, three minutes after she came to see it, it appeared to come closer to our location by a cupe hundred feet. I was able to make out a clearer shape of what to me looked like someone seated with a jetpack or something square strapped to it's back for a moment, but it was tough to make out still due to the fact that I could not see any self illumination on the object. My girlfriend disagrees and is convinced she saw small blue and white lights on the craft. Then it began to split down the middle and change shape. 

11:37, At first it appeared to split down the middle into a V-shape, then more of an L shape with the vertex of the angle pointing towards the ground, then to the Western Horizon. The rays of the angle were vertical, about 45 degrees to start with both facing the sky, then at 90 degrees, the tilt of one ray shot straight up and the other pointed due East. It then flattened out into what I thought was more of a pyramid shape than the previous rectangular building shape and began to move North, away from us and over the Observatory. It then disappeared into the fog and clouds directly over Griffith Observatory. It must have covered 15 to 20 miles in about that many seconds...

Around three minutes later two craft, which I believed to be choppers, but in hindsight I realized were more likely jets due to the speed and color of the lights on the craft (white and green as opposed to LAPD choppers, Blue and Red), appeared at the farthest extent of my view coming from both Eastern and Western origins towards the area the craft disappeared into. The jets crossed paths with what seemed to be about a mile between them on a North/South axis and continued along their trajectories one towards the PAcific, the other inland over the San Gabriel Valley.

This whole thing lasted about fifteen minutes. End time of 11:48. Not a sound was heard the entire time.

I work at night and am very aware of how fast time passes once the sun goes down. My girlfriend pointed out to me at 1AM that it had seemed as if hours had passed during the time of our initial report to Mufon at 11:55 to the 1:30 AM we were now experiencing.

The emotions experienced during the sighting ranged from bewilderment, to utter terror at the ominous presence seen over the city. I am just stunned at the lack of reports and visual accounts of an object so large being
