{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-10-01 17:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549209","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2518,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/209/mufon-5549209.json","updb_database_id":5549209}
Intense star-like object; vanished

I was returning home from Columbus, OH down interstate 71. I was at mile marker 52, about 2 miles southwest of the Wilmington exit. I-71 is situated as such where I was going southwest, and the object came into view at my 10 o'clock. The sun was almost directly in eyes, but the object caught my eye when it began glowing brighter than the sun. I thought that it was a reflection of an airplane, however I am familiar with the area and the Cincinnati/Kentucky airport would be 50 miles away from my current location. 
It was difficult to maintain eye contact with the object as I was driving, however it's position was almost perfect for me to keep watch on it's activity. It would appear out of the sky and emit an intense light, much like the side of an aircraft when it reflects sunlight. However, its intensity decreased and increased at irregular intervals until the object just vanished from my field of view. There was no trace of the craft in the sky. The weather during the entire event was clear skies, no overcast, very little humidity (since I watch the weather, I knew a cold front just passed through and a high pressure system was over the Ohio valley). 
The craft was, from my vantage point, a circular orb hovering in the sky at a relatively high altitude, since I was not able to comare against familiar landmarks in the area. It did not move during the entire 2 minutes and 15 seconds I witnessed. 
The feelings I had during the experience were mixed, because I thought it was a plane at first, but my instinct told me it was something different. A curiousness began to take hold of me the longer I watched it flash. After I watched it disappear, I immediately phoned my parents with great excitement. It was thrilling to see something I couldn't explain other than a UFO.
