{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-09 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521209","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35063","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3694,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/209/mufon-5521209.json","updb_database_id":5521209}
Saw something, not a plane or a hot-air balloon.

On Thursday, October 9, 2009 at approximately 8:40 P.M. Central Time, I took our dogs outside. As I was standing on the east side of the house having a cigarette, I noticed a lighted odject in the sky to the southeast. The sky was overcast this night, but the object was below the clouds and appeared to be heading in my direction. It appeared to be at a height of a couple thousand feet. We are on a flight path for OHare airport so there are planes going over all of the time. At first I thought that it was a plane as one had just passed by a minute, or so earlier, but something about this object didn't look right. I realized then that it was the lights. A plane generally has four lights that you can see; one on each wing tip, one near the nose, and one near the tail. The wing lights are usually one blue light, and one red light that blink constantly. The remaining two lights are white. This object had six lights, three on each of two sides that formed a horizontal, or vertical row. There were two red lights on each side, one at each end and one white light in the middle on each side. The lights shined constantly at the same brightness, they did not blink/flash at all. The object came from the southeast in a slow, but steady pace. I watched it for approximately two, or three minutes, then went into the house and told my brother to come out and see this thing.
 We returned outside at approximately 8:45 P.M. I pointed the object out to him and we continued to watch it unobstructed. At this time, the object now changed direction and headed straight west, but when it changed direction it didn't bank, or turn like a plane would. It just seemed to "float" in that direction. We could clearly see the six lights and the two sides that formed an upward V. We could hear no sound of any kind coming from the object.It appeared to remain at the same height. As we watched, the object continued west and followed the course of a creek that flows about 100 yards to the south of our house. We still had a clear, unobstructed view of the object. The object followed the creek until it was approximately even with our house at which time it once more changed direction, and began to "float" to the northwest. It came across the cornfield, and the houses across the street and passed overhead just to the west of our house. We watched as it floated by overhead. When it got past our garage we could now see that it had three sides instead of two and each side had the same two red and one white lights. With the dark sky background we couldnt tell if the object was solid in the center, or not. It still made no sound as it floated overhead, no engine noise, no hot-air furnace like a hot-air balloon would have. It was completely silent. I asked my brother if he could hear any kind of sound coming from it and he said no. We watched as it continued to float to the northwest and out of sight. The whole episode probably lasted nine, or ten minutes from start to finish. Another plane came by just after the object disappeared from our sight.
