{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-01 22:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463209","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97745","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2746,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/209/mufon-5463209.json","updb_database_id":5463209}
Orange red Ball-basketball or bigger-moving inside-in all directions-moved in straight horizontal line over pool with strobe lights going

I had just put up a pool a few days before. I have a floating strobe light that emits different light patterns and colours and I was spinning it in the pool. It spins in a circular motion and the lights strobe and spin and change colour as it spins. I got bored and lay on the trampoline that was right beside the pool. I think I left the pool strobe on. I don't know how long I lay on the trampoline, a few minutes and an orange red ball...like a small sun appeared over my building about 20-30 feet up. I was looking the other way, so I must have saw the light from it or something. All I did was stare at it, I don't remember thinking anything, just staring at this ball. It moved towards and over the pool in a straight line. Inside of this ball was moving and changing shape inside but still remained a ball with perhaps sparks on the outside a bit. I don't remember noise at all. I had my camera and realized this after it passed over the trampoline. I snapped a photo of the ball and it was gone but I fully expected to see the ball in the photo. All I got was the attached photo. A beam of light starting about have way in the frame where the ball was, and going down towards the ground at an angle.
Afterwards, I felt that this was a living thing that was looking at the lights in the pool.
I have never seen anything like this before and likely never will again. It has changed the way I see things.
I know what planes and drones and Chinese lanterns and shooting stars and stars and satellites all look like and this was nothing like those things. This ball was orange/red...moving inside...like a plasma ball...but not....churning and like lava inside and moved directly across the pool in a horizontal line...all at about 20-30 feet up.
This had nothing to do with fireworks.
There were no fireworks anywhere near me.I could hear some fireworks way off in the distance.
This was what I described.
