{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-07-17 20:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502209","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56809","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4823,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/209/mufon-5502209.json","updb_database_id":5502209}
{dr} Fire balls at Gulfbreeze and an implant in my ear.

In 1987 I saw the documentary UFO Cover Up and learnt about the greys, and the sightings at Gulfbreeze Florida. And being an ignorant teenager, I promised myself when I turned 18, I was going to make a trip there. So after I graduated high school in 1989, I took a trip to Gulfbreeze. The drive was exhasting, I thought it would be only a few hour drive from Tampa, but instead it took eight. When I arrived it was dusk. I found a neighborhood still being developed and found a neighborhood circle that was undeveloped. I parked my little Dodge Colt and lied atop my car staring at the sky. I had not enough money for a hotel. The sky was clear, and I feel it's important for me to mention that I do not remember seeing a cloud in the sky the whole drive to Gulfbreeze. After roughly 15 minutes staring at the starry sky, I started to zone out. But then noticed a fireball-like thing moving around in the sky, It changed colors from red, yellow blue, etc. and seem to be slowly moving about in no clear direction. It was moving in circular patterns. Then I noticed another fireball further away. They continued to do these circular motions and changing colors. They were pretty high in the sky, but not high enough to be satillites. Not even close. To where I viewed them, I made them out the size of a golfball, but a little smaller. After awhile, it had gotten pretty boring, they continued this motion and I again, started to zone out. Then to my left I saw a low flying cloud rapidly floating in my way until it engulfed the whole sky then stopped! This cloud was no more than 50 feet high. I jumped off of my car and was at awe, my hair raised from my body and I just knew there was something in the middle of this cloud and my NAIVE self was going to meet an alien. But instead, it slowly started to move to the right again, and away it went. I noticed that the tail of the cloud was being stretched in the opposite direction as the if the wind was blowing in the opposite direction of the cloud. Hoping to see more I jumped back on the car only to be overwelmed my mosquitoes. I was forced to retreat in my car with the windows up. I witnessed a shooting star, and another shooting star along the same path 15 minutes later. Suddenly, it had gotten extremly hot in my car. I had no AC in my car and once again was overwhelmed and was forced to leave. Last year, I came across the Phil Schneider video on the net and was appalled by his testimony. A few days later, I noticed a bump on my left ear. I automatically thought it was an implant...but was also aware that I might be acting paranoid. So I had my family doctor look at it who sent me to a specialist who in turn said it was probably a cartilage build up. I didn't tell him what I thought it was especially after being ridiculed by my wife.
The surgery was performed and something was removed. The doctor told me it was a dark sustance he believed to be cartilage enveloped in dry blood. He later gave me a call saying that they did tests on it and their team sent the sample to John Hopkins for further study but assured me that it was not dangerous with nothing out of the ordinary. I assumed that it was just that and felt embarrassed I thought it was an implant. But, further researching implants online found that these implants were usually envelope in a dark membrane. Again paranoia kicked in and I discussed it with my wife, which I REGRET doing. I'm trying to dismiss this, but then I came across a video on You Tube called: UFO's The Complete Truth Aliens Among Us Interview with Whitley Strieber. Whitley talks about an implant in his left ear (18:42), EXACTLY WHERE MY SURGERY WAS PERFORMED. Showing this video to my wife changed her attidude from ridicule to "when could they have done this?" Well, this is the end of my tetimony, and I have to express that my Gulfbreeze experience was really real to me, I know what I saw...but this implant theory is testing my sanity, and I'm going to be very embarrassed if I'm just being paranoid. If you feel my testomony is significant, and you want investigate further, I'm willing to take a polygraph test and go under hypnosis. Thank you for your time.
