{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-28 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476209","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84047","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3207,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/209/mufon-5476209.json","updb_database_id":5476209}
{jpg} 5 metallic objects flying in formations that changed quickly while moving incredibly fast with no sound, no military bases nearby

I had just left a restaurant at approximately 3:30 PM EST and was standing in the parking lot next to my vehicle smoking a cigarette when I initially noticed these unknown objects. If need be, I can look up my debit card transactions for a specific time. They were moving at extreme speed that appeared to remain consistent along their flight path / trajectory. The formations varied among a standard military 5 aircraft "V" or chevron shape, a slanted line, & an uneven box type formation. The weather conditions were very good: clear, midday, no cloud cover, no precipitation, 93^ F. Their formations changed too rapidly for the speed at which they were moving. There was no sound whatsoever indicative of fighters or aircraft moving at that speed. They had to be moving at supersonic speeds as they went from horizon to horizon in approximately 20 seconds. There was no sound however and any conventional aircraft moving at that rate of speed would have some amount of engine roar. There were also no contrails. These were covered shiny metal that occasionally glinted in the sunlight depending on that yaw of the object. Most military aircraft are painted in flat non-reflective colors with the only possible reflection coming from the canopy. The objects were round-ish with no apparent wings, tail, or rudder. There are no military installations nearby. The closest is Patrick Air Force Base in Satellite Beach which is about 60 miles South by Southeast from the reporting location. Unfortunately no evidence can be provided as this was strictly a visual sighting. My phone camera would not have yielded any useful images at speed and distance. I have lived in this area for over 30 years and have not seen anything of this sort outside of an air show. I also lived near PAFB for 5 years and know what military aircraft look / sound like. Either way military aircraft don't fly in this airspace normally because of the small Sanford airport, the Orlando International Airport, & the small Orlando Executive Airport. 

I was not drinking or taking drugs. I am not a nut. I have not made a report previously as there was never a need or valid reason. This was an unusual occurrence & does not easily fall into an explainable category. If this can be legitimately explained, great, if not , then add it to the list. By itself this report cannot provide any stand alone proof, but if it can be compiled with other corroborating data, hopefully it can add some credence to a case.
