{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-12 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488209","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71441","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3120,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/209/mufon-5488209.json","updb_database_id":5488209}
Extremely bright light, which dimmed slowly and then lit up again and moved.

At around 20:00 UK time, Monday 12th October 2015, as i stood at my door and was gazing at the beautiful dark sky and visible bright stars, an extremely bright light caught my eye, high in the Eastern sky, so i looked in that direction to see if what flashed would flash again.

I can only describe the flash like a very slow camera like flash, which dimmed slowly.
The light flashed again slowly, and dimmed slowly.
Then as i watched in awe, it flashed again, and again and then the light moved slowly to the right of where i had first seen it. (If i had been holding a ruler at arm's length, it would have moved around 4-5 inches to the right)...and then it seemed to "fizzle" out.

I was totally amazed at what i was watching!.....and then i noticed a satellite running through roughly where the event took place,...I often see the satellites go overhead, and i always watch out for them, and yes, i know they can glow bright when they catch the light from the sun, but this was NOT a satellite!

As i stood and watched the area where the light had "fizzled" to darkness, my eyes were then drawn to my left,low in the Eastern sky to another bright flash! but this was just one slow flash.......and then using my analogy of the arm's length ruler, i would say the next flash happened about 12 inches or more to the right, again in the lower Easter sky.

I have no idea what i witnessed, but it was not a meteor, a plane, a helicopter, a firework, a Chinese lantern or anything of that nature....the flashes of brilliant white light were very definite,and the slow dimming was also quite definite.

I had to rush out to work, and could not stay to see if there was any more activity, but this morning when i returned home, i went on line to see if anything had been reported to The Armagh observatory, but alas it had not.

I hope someone can please tell me what i witnessed last night, but i am sure someone else's eye was drawn to the bright flashes in the beautifully dark, autumn, cloudless sky.
I also hope that somewhere, an observatory has recorded what i saw, because although i have a mobile/cell phone, i am not sure how to take video, and even with that, it was up stairs and i was literally rooted to the spot in case something else happened.

I couldn't wait to tell someone about what i had witnessed, so thank you for giving me the chance to give in detail what i saw.
It was an exciting event, but with a tinge of creepiness!
