{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-05 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483209","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76720","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3300,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/209/mufon-5483209.json","updb_database_id":5483209}
{dr}Heard a very loud helicoptor over our house. Daughter walked outside to check it out. Very large, silent triangle ufo with 3 bright white lights seen hovering just above the roof of our house.

My husband, daughter and I, had just returned home from watching the 4th of July fireworks downtown.My husband had to leave for work. My 11 year old daughter and I stayed up late watching t.v. We were lying on the couch and I started dosing off. We both heard the sound of a helocoptor was right above our house. Very close and loud. My daughter said she was going to go outside and see the helecopter. I dosed off and was awakened when she came running into the house screaming hysterically, and slammed the door shut. She yelled "It's a ufo, a ufo!"
"Above our house" I jumped up. "I want to see it." I said, as I headed tword the door. "No, No, Mom!" She screamed hysterically, while grabbing my arm, "They'll get you." I quickly pulled away, opened the door, stepped down the steps and glanced up over the roof. There was nothing. But I heard our two backyard dogs barking. I came back inside and said It was gone.We both ran to the back bedroom to see if we could see it but it was gone. She was still very shacken up about it, so I sat down and had her tell me every detail about it. But first I made note of the time,around 3:00 AM. She said when she walked out the door, down the steps and looked up she saw a dark grey metallic colored triangle ufo hovering above the roof of our house. It had a bright round white light at each of its 3 rounded corners. She said she was so scared after seeing it ,that she kind of froze and couldn't believe her eyes. But then started thinking that the alien that was driving it might see her and try to take her, so she finally decided to run back inside. The bottom of the craft had a circle design in the middle of the bottem. A large circle, then a smaller one inside, then a smaller one in that one, and on and on until a dot was in the very center of the circles. The triangle was big enough to cover our whole house, and close enough to hit with a baseball. I totally believe my daughter saw this ufo. I've never seen her so frightened. She told me she had terrible nightmares about aliens that had faces covered with fur,for weeks after that.She also didn't really care to talk about it when I would bring the subject up. I tried to report this years ago, but due to a not so good computor, the very long story somehow got erased, and I didn't have the energy to retype it all again. My daughter still remembers everything from that day and I doubt she'll ever forget it. Your welcome to ask her more about it. She even drew me a picture of the craft.
