{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-09 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494209","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65276","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2363,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/209/mufon-5494209.json","updb_database_id":5494209}
Observed two bright objects. Thought to be stars. Began to glow brightly. Both objects moved South together and faded away.

1. On balcony with partner smoking a cigarette. Location is outwith light pollution from city and generally has a good view of the stars.
2. As the area is generally dark, the stars are usually bright and visible in the sky. We both noticed what initially looked like two stars become significantly brighter in the sky. They were not moving and they became so bright that they were impossible to miss.
3. I initially thought they were stars until they became brighter. We can often see satellites clearly in the night sky here however both these objects were at first stationary and at least several times larger than an ordinary satellite. Perhaps 3-4 times larger than what we usually observe.
4. Both objects were initally believed to be stars and became notably brighter. They were side by side about two finger widths apart on an extended arm. They were not moving. We observed this for around a minute or so. Both objects then began to make their way south and faded away into the night sky.
5. My partner and I both thought that perhaps these objects were stars that had perhaps reached the end of their life cycle due to how bright they became. We can regularly see Venus clear and bright in the sky and these objects were much brighter in comparison. I then thought they might be satellites however they were not moving at all. When they began to move I was unable to explain what it was we had witnessed or what these objects could be. There were no aircraft present at this time. The balcony was in darkness, the sky was clear with stars present. 
6. The objects both faded away entirely. It took about 30 seconds for them to completely fade.
