{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524743","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31075","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2917,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/743/mufon-5524743.json","updb_database_id":5524743}
one of the most odd visits ive ever had. its happened before

it was about 11 pm. my girlfriend and i were watching a movie,and she asked me if i would make some pizza rolls. so i put them in the toaster oven and returned to the couch. then i remember feeling like i was intoxicated and someone had me by the arm escorting me to sit down. please note i was not drinking or intoxicated at this time. as i sat down i heard a voice in my mind say something to me. i cant remember now what it was it said to me, but i remember saying something to me. as i answered it i jumped up off the couch looking for whom i was speaking to. there wasnt anyone there except my girlfriend. then i noticed that the pizza rolls were reduced to ash, they looked like pieces of charcoal. but when i touched them they crumbled. i then looked at the clock and it said 3:20. it had been so long that the burnt smell was not detected by my or my girlfriends noses. i then noticed that i had bruises all over me, and small fine cuts everywhere that had scabbed up. i was feeling pretty strange and i remember going outdoors and looking at the sky for a little while as i smoked a cigarette. wondering what had just happened. there has been other experiences in my life aswell. my first memory ever in my life was just as strange. also there have been things that have happened to me recently. i moved in with a friend in northern maine. i recall reading a book called american science and invention. i fell asleep while reading this book as i often did, and it usually ended up next to me or on the floor. it was around 2 oclock in the morning when i woke up and i was lying on my back looking down at my television. i was floating maybe 4 to 5 feet off my bed. no blanket. i remember saying loudly what the ****! and i slammed into the bed. it freaked me out so bad that i couldnt do anything but notice it was really bright outside for a few minutes after this and then it was dark again. i couldnt go back to sleep for the life of me. Im 26 years old and this sort of thing has been going on my entire life. i share the stories with you only wondering if others have experienced happenings like this. its pretty unbelievable but i swear its the truth to my knowledge. there are a lot of other things that have happened but ill save them for another time.
