{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-11-23 01:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548743","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8464","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2548,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/743/mufon-5548743.json","updb_database_id":5548743}
Fleet in a V type formation lightly glowing whitish grey NO flashing beacons

I was looking out of my living room window which faces N/NE observing the stars with my celestron binoculars. My eyes needed a break so I lowered the binoculars and was observing with eyes only. Movement caught my eye when i focused on the location, observed a V formation of 7 craft with 3 or 4 more in a circular formation to left and 1 on the right flank between the first and second object, they looked like lightly glowing whitish grey ovals almos translucent like a jellyfish. said to my wife "Holy Sh.. they are flying in formation look, look." there They were moving towards me in a stright line about twice as fast as a commercial jetliner from the NE to SW, I observed them for about 6-8 seconds then I could not see them any more they were over the house. I ran downstairs and out back to the deck with the binoculars to try and track them. It took about 3 seconds to get out back, I could not see them I lost them in the moonlight, the sky was pretty clear, small puffs of clouds (clouds were travelling N the opposite direction of the objects). the moon was very bright and was in the westeern sky. there was no noise what so ever, if it was human aircraft 7 or more they would have made some kind of noise. I live a few miles from Philadelphia airport and know what planes look and sound like, and where they were flying i have never seen any planes take that path and i lived here for about twelve years.

1 No commercial aircraft travel in groups or formation
2 There were no blinking lights or beacons
3 No Noise
4 Was not birds or geese/no wings or heads/ travelling too fast for birds and also most of the birds have already gone south for the winter and birds typically do not fly at night. 
5 I am an avid skywatcher every night it is clear enough i use my telescope or binoculars. I have seen other uexplainable events in the sky but nothing like this.
