{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-07 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462743","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3288,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/743/mufon-5462743.json","updb_database_id":5462743}
{tjd} It was after 11:30 pm when i saw it and it scared me. It was Large V shape with 3 very bright lights. One light in front and one light on each side of the back of the V

On March 7th in 2014 at around 11:30 pm after the 11 pm news i had forgot to clean my cats litter box. That winter the snow was deep so i wanted to go get my mail out of the mailbox down by the road. The only way i could get there was walk down my driveway as i use a cane. I got to the end of my driveway at the edge of the road and all of a sudden This Bright lights hits my face i look it's is hovering above my late friends barn across the road from me i was so scared i drop my cats litter box from my hand. It was V shape and larger than the barn with 3 very bright lights ! i heard a very low hum and i could feel energy from it. I went to pick up the litter box as i wanted to get in the house and as i pick the litter box up it vanish. I just stood there and i couldn't move. This only lasted 10 seconds. As i was still standing there in shock ! Here came 2 F18 fighter planes from the south and circled the area 2 times and they covered about a 3 mile area at around 15,ooo feet high up. and they went back south to the military base that is 90 miles south of me. After what i saw i went in the house and drew a sketch out of what i saw that night. That night i had a hard time getting to sleep. The next morning i turn on the TV to watch the news and the Malaysia flight MH 370 was missing and i had a bad feeling about it that they would never find it after what i saw the night before. Latter that day i ask my friend across the road. DID you see anything late last night? that all that i said to him. My friend and his family live in the basement. He said yes i did i went to go to the kitchen and the basement was a light up! i went to the basement window trying to find were the bright light was coming from and then it got dark. Then i told my friend what i seen and he knew i was telling him the truth. Sadly he was my only witness as he passed away in 2016. But i know the Military F 18's was there that night to. I told this to my girlfriend and then i told a few of my other friends and they thought i was NUT'S But my girlfriend did not think i was nuts. I live out in the country side i have always wish i could set something up to hear sounds from space or see into space as i have always love space exploring but i just don't have the money to do it being disabled. I know what i saw and i will never forget it and i want this true story to be told. Now i look to the sky every clear night... In 2010 something else happen to me and my girl friend is my witness to that, but that another true story.
