{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-29 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483743","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3232,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/743/mufon-5483743.json","updb_database_id":5483743}
{jpg} Glowing Orb hovered, pulsed, and floated around irratically changing shape and colors

I was walking my dog at approximately 8:15 pm. There was a plane flying from the North and also from the same direction came a flying object of some sort with very bright flashing and pulsing lights. It was how much brighter the lights were compared to plane that drew my attention. As it passed over head in a Southbound direction it appeared to be a purple pulsing glowing orb with some kind of reactions occurring within. You could see the trail of energy, but no sound. At this point it flew higher toward the south and hovered and moved irratically. I snapped a few pictures with my phone, which came out, but my first attempt at video was 3 sec of the sidewalk and didnt record. i went in the house to tell my girlfriend what had saw, she grabbed her phone and came outside. I saw the UFO high in the sky, I was able to record about a minute and a half of footage that came out pretty good (i attached below) and I zoomed in while recording. I recorded until my phone died, at which point my girlfriend took over videoing with her phone. I also had Binoculars. I observed more continued erratic floating and flight patterns and the colors seemed to change from red to blue-green- to yellowish-white and purple. Even when I lost sight of it I seemed to be able to find it again through the clouds (was a clear night for the most part). I thought I saw tiny spec objects following it but I did not see on the footage yet, so I cannot confirm that. The "orb" continued to change directions move up down left and right and hover in place. At times upon zooming in, it appeared as though it became 2 balls of energy rapidly swirling around each other as it moved. The Orb eventually continued to head North until it was out of my sight about 45 min later. there were multiple planes that had flown through the area over the 45 min I had watched the orb. I don't know if they were aware of its presence or not. There were a few other people in the parking lot coming or going but none that seemed to notice us recording and watching the sky.
