{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-03-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506743","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52012","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2529,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/743/mufon-5506743.json","updb_database_id":5506743}
huge hovering oval, mother of pearl coloured

early afternoon. belgium, walking hoogkamerstraat in temse, direction gewestweg to go hitch-hiking to sint-niklaas; halfway hoogkamerstraat i noticed something in the sky and showed my hubby, we kept on looking, it was so strange. a man across the street started watching too. no clue what it was, so kept on looking. it hovered incredibly slow, very high in the sky. never knew anything could go so slowly! but it moved. less then step-foot speed, much much less. it moved from left to right in one straight line. so slow. no sound, no extortions, no wings. it was a massive object. must have been huge, as it was so high up in the sky and yet the size of a ball. oval shaped. strange colour, like mother of pearl but without all the other colours. pure mother of pearl, but a bit different. never saw a similar colour in my life. no windows, no lights. there werent any planes nor helicopters, nor balloons. the sun was high in the sky to the left. there were absolutely no clouds. the sky was bright blue. it was a lovely soon to be spring day which felt like spring already. with three people we kept on staring to the object. then all of a sudden it went up at such an amazing speed as if you have something on an elastic that was stretched and let loose. and it went out of sight within a second. we looked at the man across the street who was shaking his head in unbelief as well and walked on. kept looking up in the sky to see whether it would come back or see it somewhere else. never saw it again. later that week talked to friends about it who looked at us like we were idiots and laughed. never reported it. a couple of weeks later ufo sightings were all over the news. military involved and all. still didn't report it. got laughed at enough already. and the shape i witnessed was different than the shape witnessed in the ardens. 23 years later and im still trying to find out what i saw ...
