{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500743","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58347","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/743/mufon-5500743.json","updb_database_id":5500743}
{rjl} Driving to work when observed lights hovering over building, I first noticed because out of the corner of my eye I thought I saw one move.

This happened a long time ago but was so strange, As I was driving to work one dark morning as I came to a country Max store I thought I saw a light move. When I looked I saw several round with domes lights. I then thought I had imagined the move. I (like a fool) even slowed down and was thinking oh what pretty lights Country Max had and couldn't understand why I had never seen them before. I even almost stopped they were so pretty. I talked about them all weekend as I couldn't believe I had never seen them as I drove it everyday for many years. I even asked my neighbor if she had noticed them as she came by later and she said no. That was on a Friday morning. When Monday came I said I have to look at them again. When I got to the store there were no lights just one single pole with a regular pole light on it. Now I was confused so I stopped in there after work and wanted to know what happened to their pretty lights and they said the pole light was all they ever had. This is on a country road off a main highway by several feet. So I guess when I thought I saw the last light move into place it really did. I had seen several strange lights in the sky before this and was extremely frightened. So much that I drove very fast to get home. This time I wasn't at all because I didn't think they were ufo's. I am now so afraid of driving in the country late at night that I live in the city and wouldn't drive there ever again. I recently drove by there with my girlfriend in the dark but not late it brought it all back. This happened so long ago but you may have had other sightings like this over the years. I lost sight of the objects because I was driving away but kept looking back at them, they were just so pretty.
