{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-19 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518743","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38259","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2645,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/743/mufon-5518743.json","updb_database_id":5518743}
Nocturnal Lights, Orange randomly flickering. Over Mountain, Smell of fire (wood), 1 or 2, disappeared.

I was in my house, having just finished watching a TV show. My wife stepped out side to the front yard to smoke a ciggarette, when she comes in to have me see the light she noticed. Icame outside to see a small, star-like light; orange in appearance over the mountain (Little Cottonwood). Moving slightly faster than a plane would at that distance. I smelled what seemed to be wood burning, but saw no flickering of fire in the mountain. (Some of us in the nieghborhood have fire-pits, so it may not be connected. I included it here for posterities sake.) The light was below the partial cloud cover, with no discernable outline.It flickered with a random pattern. I grabbed my phone to take video of it, but the object did not show up on my screen. (This would be from low resolution on my phone.) I used 7x50 binoculars to watch the object change course (a gradual curve from north-south to west.) Where it then disappeared. 2-3 minutes later, the same (or very similar) object reappeared in the original place, travelling the same speed and course. At this point, I noticed a second object with a white glow from the origin point. I used my google sky app on my phone to ascertain it was a star (I forgot the star name.) We checked Utah Fire warch to see if there was a fire on one of the mountains in that direction, thinking it may have been a fire-plane partially obscured by smoke, but there wasnt.) 
 My feelings/reactions were curiosity, and I wanted to get as much detailed information as I could. I have been interested in Ufology for over 20 years, so I had some basic idea of what info would be needed, and how to get it if possible.
 I feel this may have been a plane, but the lights did not flash, but rather flickered in a random pattern, also I have never seen planes with orange lights.
 I lost sight of the object when it stopped flickering. The outline could not be found through the binoculars either. Both sightings ended the same way.
