{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-04-20 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460743","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100441","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4442,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/743/mufon-5460743.json","updb_database_id":5460743}
{rjl} 3 different areas while driving with my brother. 3 different sightings

9:15pm right after we turn right from where we live, the first block we saw this low flying UFO hovering then start moving to North direction straight then a house roofing blocked its view then right away seen moving again to the West direction straight and we lost sighting when buildings blocked it and we lost track. 
9:20pm coming out of our neighborhood turning right to a Main Street 3-4 blocks after this blinking light again were seen on our Right side. It was low flying with pulsating red lights in it and blinking white light while there's a constantly lit small white light and small red light in it. I told my brother to follow it and given him directions on where to make turns and we ended up in this dark street no other vehicles were driving around the area is when we stopped and observed the UFO hover above the trees then moved West from where we were watching it hover again and move West again faster and noticed it was tilted down the front end from where the direction it was going to. This UFO seems to be black in appearance from how I see it. We lost sighting again when the tall trees start to block its way and we tried to follow but a lot of connected small buildings blocked our view and eventually cannot find where it went to. 
9:34pm We were driving trying to go to a friends birthday party and again I noticed a blinking light on our left side this time at the Tustin Hangar area, this one flew over the Hangar then seen coming out from the West of the Hangar it was low flying and to me it looks like it landed by the nearby housing community. I asked my brother to go there and as we were driving down same street my brother noticed another blinking light toward us and I saw it far and above from the stop light ahead of us and my brother pressed the emergency light and stayed in the right lane as we observe this UFO fly very slowly towards the Tustin Hangar, flew over the Hangar then hover, noticed some descent and as the UFO descends it turned OFF its white light on top of it while the left and right lsmall white lights were remained lit. It seems like a shape of a Hershey Kisses chocolate without the pointed top and more flat instead. I told my brother to go check it out but he do not want to and he decided to drive and go to our friends birthday party. When we get there I went over the video and while our attention where at the UFO flying over the Hangar and descended, we didn't noticed that there's already a UFO landed below the Flying UFO before it passed over the Hangar. I remember seeing it in person while we drive by, I saw that red light strip in the middle of it, but it was dark and to me it looks like a made up tent for temporary shelter with Red light inside of it that reflects to its windows but NO it was not the case. It was a landed metallic UFO that has a red light stripe and the way I would describe the light is that it looks like an old analog scoreboard in basketball then there is a dimmed part of the red light and the dimmed part of the light goes around slowly in circles around the craft continuously then suddenly a white rounded flashes out light showed from the red wrapped around Red stripe light. There are some bushes next to it then after that bush is when this Entity came out running fast. It run so fast it seems like in a matter of 2 seconds it run a full basketball court.
