{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1968-07-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180579","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"unpbzy","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180579,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
11:00 p.m. 15 minutes. Two men in a car stopped to rest in a field after long drive.While driving into the field, with headlights on only long enough to avoidobstructions, they encountered a light. Shortly after, a large crimson red objecthovered over trees. (MUJ, issue and page unknown)Case
Directory - Category: 02; Close Encounters

Subject:
Crimson-red light in field

Date:
July 16, 1968

Location:
Indianapolis, IN

Source: MUFON MUJ, page 13, issue not noted.

Peter McNeall
My friend's name was Danny Bently. He was also English, and was a
philosophy student on vacation. I first came to the USA in 1965, and
have a B.S. degree in physics. We were driving initially
from Boston to Dallas in a Chevrolet Impala which we were
delivering for a drive-away company. We left Boston on Monday, and
spent the first night beyond Buffalo, NY. We were sleeping in the car
to save money. On the second night we reached the western outskirts of
the City of Indianapolis (just beyond a bus depot).
We were on the route west towards St. Louis. On the right hand side I
saw a large empty field. It seemed a good place to stop for the night.

I drove into the field through an open gate, and proceeded to the
center of the field—about 150 yards from the highway. I did not want
any police cars to see us drive into the field, so I switched-off the
lights. However, as I drove across the field I flashed them for a mere
instant every 15 yards or so, just to make sure we were not about to
drive into any obstructions. When we reached the center of the field I
turned the car round to face the highway. We proceeded to get ready to
go to sleep.

However we noticed a light in the field. At first we thought it was
somebody walking towards us holding a flashlight, but the light (which
was white), moved rather irregularly, went off at times, and then
re-appeared elsewhere—perhaps 15 yards away. It wandered around and
then disappered again, and so on. This type of behavior continued for
about 5 minutes. At nearest approach it was only about 20 yards away.
At farthest approach it was towards the edge of the field—perhaps 100
yards away. We were completely baffled by it, but we decided no-one
else was in the field, and we were prepared to go to sleep when my
friend suddenly pointed to the sky and exclaimed "look!"

We both saw a brilliant crimson red light which appeared to be above
and slightly beyond the trees on the eastern edge of the field. It was
probably at a distance of between 300 and 800 yards, and at a height of
between 100 and 300 yards. The light was so brilliant, weird, and
penetrating, that I knew right away that I had never seen anything like
it before.

I tried to see something metallic "behind" the light, but all I could
see was the light. I tried to work out if it could have been a freak
reflection or optical phenomenon connected with the traffic on the
highway. This was surprisingly heavy at the time, with many trucks
hurtling along. However I could not see how this could be so.

The light hovered in a very unstable manner. It seemed almost to be
shooting out in all directions and then reforming itself the entire
time. We watched it for about 15 minutes while it wandered above the
trees, and eventually disappeared.

Conclusion:
I presume that my flashing of the car headlights in a rather unusual
manner may have attracted the UFO initially. I assume that the light in
the field was in some way projected from the UFO.

For
reports, documentation, analysis or discussions - see below:
