{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-05 19:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282696","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6271,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/696/mufon-5282696.json","updb_database_id":5282696}
Really Loud Fly-Over Sound

On the night in question, I went to the back porch to smoke. I heard the wind blowing strong, about 15 to 20 mph. A minute after going out, the wind quickly sounded like it kicked up suddenly kicked up to 60 plus mph. After about 3 to 5 seconds, the sound stoped, and the wind slowed back down to about 10 mph, and the area got quiet except for the fact that all the dogs in the surrounding area started barking.
My thought about the event at first thought was that it sounded like a extremely Large air craft had suddenly dropped out of the sky to above the trees in a very fast flight, flew over the house in a West to East flight pattern, then quickly disappeared back up into the sky.
What I heard sounded like a very large craft bigger than a football field with no sounds emitted except those of its passing. Later I checked the weather report and saw that the winds were no greater than 18 mph.
 Also, last spring/fall, my son and I were in the back yard at night, 7-8 pm looking up at the sky when we spotted a strange formation of lights that looked like round balls. They were red in rows of two, eight long. They were flying in a straight line for about a minute, then they started to peel off to their left one by one in a sharp 90* turn. The front left ball turned, then after a second the right front ball turned left, then the second row left turned left, then the one next to it turned left after a second. This is the pattern that all the rest took. I watched them till they all turned toward the left more scattered out, they all at once the light that they emitted was gone. They had been flying from South to North but turned to the West before disappearing.
 October 2010, I came home from a late night shift. I was sitting in the car in front of the house pointed South toward the Yakima Army Training Grounds. I was eating a burger before I went in and listening to the radio, "Coast to Coast with Art Bell", by sure chance.
 They were discussing Aliens that night as their topic. Sometime before 1am as I listened, I saw a reflexion in the left rear view mirror that caught my attention. As I looked the light got supper bright, flew directly over and passed the car heading due South where it disappeared over the the Training Ground. The whole event happened in about 2 to 3 seconds. My first thought was that it was Military air craft, then maybe a jet, but I have NEVER seen any of ours move that Fast, ever!  About a year ago my family and I also saw strange patterned red light on the edge of the training ground on the hill side half way up where no vehicles could ever go. We were returning from Yakima and heading toward Kittitas on the Hi way when I spotted them and pointed them out. I thought that maybe the troops were training, but I know that the red lens on vehicle would never be as bright and shine as far as I was able to see them. My second thought that maybe they were flairs but at that time of the year, the Military would never use them there and so close to the ground due to the fire danger. They would also never be training on the steep incline in the up hill direction as far as I have never known. The bright red lights were in a pattern
on the side of the hill. one or two would blink out then come on again. This whole event happened from the time we turned on the hi way East till just before the Kittitas off-ramp. 
 Before we exited the hi way all the lights went dark and never came back on again.
 A story that I was told by a friend back in 2011. He was in his late teens early 20 at the time of his event. Late one night he had left a party heading home. He had been drinking a lot that night and said he don't know how he had gotten as far as he did, but was on the last road just before his house. His home is North-North West of Ellensburg Washington out in the country area, very few other homes, dark lonely country road.
 He was nearing his house about a couple miles or so from getting there when he saw a very bright light behind his car that flew over him, then stopped in front of his car a few yards away, then just hovered there. He said that when it stoped in from of him, his car suddenly died, the lights went out. He said that in his terror he tried to restart the car, but it would not start and acted like it had a dead battery. He tried to start the car several times but it would not start! As he sat there in sheer horror, it remained for a few seconds, then tore into the sky where it disappeared. At that point he was able to start the car and drive home. He stated that he was really drunk, but after being witness to this event, he was suddenly stone sober.
 There are many strange things that happen here in the sky in Kittitas County and mostly people around here fail to report events because the fear of what others may say. There are so many things that people see, but do not talk about. My notion is the fact that we do live so close to the Yakima Army Training Ground that was sacred native grounds at one point, there was a lot of mining that happened here in the 1800's and we live near one of the biggest water sources in the state, the Columbia River which cuts all the way through the state. 
 I have seen strange lights in the sky since I moved here in 2009, but most of them I rule out as jets or other man made stuff flying around the earth. By chance once I spotted a shooting star or a commit. I believe that this are could be a hot spot for UFO's because of the Army Training Ground. And we also have the mysterious "Hell Hole" thats said to be bottomless near by that has been a source of wonder since white entered this country.
