{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-23 23:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460696","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3194,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/696/mufon-5460696.json","updb_database_id":5460696}
{rjl} Lights in the night sky unlike stars, planets, or conventional aircraft

At around 11pm I took my dog out to go to the bathroom. It was somewhat cloudy, so no stars were visible. However, a bright light in the sky caught my attention. I stared at it for a little while while waiting for my dog to finish, and to my surprise it started wobbling from side to side. I then opened the back door and asked my wife to take a look. I asked her if it was just me or if that light in the sky was moving in a strange way. She confirmed that it was moving strangely, and went inside to take a look from an upstairs window.

I tried to get a picture with my phone using my Pixel phone and its "night mode", but it came out relatively blurry. (If I remember correctly, I tried to stabilize the camera by holding it against a sturdy wooden post.) The object seemed to be too far away to get a good photo, so I went to go look for a pair of binoculars. By the time I got back outside, the cloud cover was gone, so it was harder to spot the object given the backdrop of the starry sky. I observed the sky with my binoculars for half an hour or so, and noted that two of the bright star-like objects in the night sky were moving differently from the rest of the stars, moving erratically rather than remaining stationary like the surrounding stars. Given that I was using a pair of binoculars, I couldn't rule out the autokinetic effect. I tried to position the binoculars as stable as possible and could confirm that what looked like a star to my naked eye indeed seemed to be moving, as if it was writing cursive in the sky.

Meanwhile, from the upstairs window, my wife observed an object coming into view from a distance, paused (as if it was some kind of a drone), wobbled, and them seemed to move toward our position, and then stopped. She stated that anyone observing it while it was stationary would have assumed it was a star.

We both also observed at least one bright white flash of light in the sky. My wife observed three flashes of light which seemed to converge into a triangle formation.

During the time we were observing the sky, we also saw two or three conventional aircraft. Commercial flights are routinely visible from our area. These aircraft were clearly visible using the binoculars. One of them seemed to be a conventional jet aircraft (including some kind of spotlight which seemed to be aimed at the sky). Another aircraft was sighted which featured two red lights.
