{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504696","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54190","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3856,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/696/mufon-5504696.json","updb_database_id":5504696}
{rjl} IT was an airplane shaped object, but the only wings were at the far rear of the fuselage. A long rectangular light on the bottom front portion about 1/3 the length, almost the full width of the fuselage.

Unfortunately, it is part of my personality that I do not usually make special note of dates and exact times. I have seen this aircraft twice, maybe a year apart. I know it was early spring or late fall on both occasions,(First in 2012 and then early in 2013) because in the early morning hours the weather was very pleasant following pretty cold weather,  and I was comfortable sitting on my back porch enjoying a cigar. On both occasions I was restless and unable to sleep so I got up, put on some clothes and went outside to smoke a cigar. After a short time, about half of the cigar, a light above me caught my eye. I looked up and saw an aircraft. It surprised me because there was no sound and the plane seemed to be flying very slowly and at a low altitude. Whoever was piloting it did not seem concerned about being seen, maybe because of the hour. It was just coming into view passing over the building I live in and moving in a straight line to the East/North east, toward Interstate 81. I actually had the thought that I should go inside and get my phone or video camera, but I never moved, wanting to keep watching to see what would happen. It almost seemed to be gliding, but I felt that it was moving under power because the speed and altitude did not change while I was watching it. It did not take off with great speed or disappear, It just flew slow and steady in a straight line until it was out of sight. I've been looking for and waiting to hear other reports of similar sightings and have found no such reports.

 As I said, it was shaped like an airplane but it did not look normal to me. What was instantly obvious was the long rectangular light or maybe lighted window on the bottom of the fuselage that ran from the nose about 1/3 of the length of the vehicle and the only wings I could see were at the far rear of the fuselage and they each had a large , white light on the end. Even though the three light sources seemed quite bright, and the aircraft was flying quite low, I did not notice light being cast to the ground from them. I saw no propeller or exhaust, and although there is a railroad track a block from my building there was no train or other sound to drown the sound of this aircraft, but I heard nothing.
 
 My first impression of this vehicle is not that it is extra terrestrial, but I've never seen anything like it. The sketch I attached is an approximation of the appearance of the aircraft. I don't remember the exact length of the rear wings or the rectangular light relative to the length of the body. I have waited to report this sighting because I expect to see it again, maybe this coming spring and I wanted to have an actual photo or video to present. If that happens I will certainly send it to you. 

 If it is a known aircraft, I would be happy to be educated about it. It seemed large for any drone I've heard of, but that was my thought, some kind of surveillance vehicle.
