{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-06 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491696","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67864","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4403,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/696/mufon-5491696.json","updb_database_id":5491696}
A star that was still and silent then moved like a curious bug.

It began for me when I was camping alone in the forest near Port Renfrew, British Columbia, Canada in Early May 2015. I have always enjoyed star gazing and love it when I happen to see a satellite or a shooting star, both with very distinctive movements in that they travel in straight lines with no suggestion of intelligent control. They're predictable, in other words. 

While standing on a dock in complete darkness I looked up and noticed a very bright 'star' in the sky north of me at about 45 degrees up from the horizon. After only watching it for less than a minute it became brighter as if coming toward me like a completely silent helicopter with a front facing light before it suddenly turned east and travelled at a consistent speed before the light disappeared.

This incident was a little odd but not jaw dropping and I've seen enough aircraft or helicopters with such lights over the years to explain it away as a turning aircraft I couldn't hear. So I continued to look up and only a matter of minutes later I saw another 'star' that was brighter than most in the western sky. There were no clouds in the sky and from where my camp was located, no sound either.

After watching it for a minute or two, the object suddenly began to slowly rise straight up. I did a bit of a head shake when it started moving, but told myself I must have been mistaken and it was a satellite and had likely been moving the entire time. Then it began to...meander...how else can I describe it? It started to meander up the sky like a bug wandering along on a car windshield. For about a minute or more it moved on purpose in a non-linear manner up the sky before simply disappearing into thin air. 

Meteors and other objects entering earth's atmosphere have a clearly defined trajectories as do satellites. Yes, the ISS and satellites disappear behind clouds but they don't go out like a light switch, they don't stay absolutely still in the sky and they definitely don't deviate from the path they are on as if operating with some form of intelligence.

That one made me say 'huh?!' but with no physical evidence or witnesses what can I do, so I chalked it up to a one-time freaky experience. Then, while at work last week, in the end of May 2015 I saw it again, twice in the same Night!!

I was working at night at approximately 10:45 pm and was chatting with a co-worker when I looked up to see a 'star' moving diagonally from South to North across the clear sky. I made an exclamation and began to tell my coworker about the object I had seen while camping earlier in the month, when this object also began to meander in the same manner I had seen before! As I watched the object move in an intelligent way I urged my coworker to get his binoculars which he had in his car. When he did he did he said it looked like a red snake in the sky. I asked him to give me the binoculars so I could see it but when I reached for them and looked back, the object had simply vanished!

We were both like 'whoa' but didn't say much more about it after it disappeared. But after he had gone I happened to look up in the eastern sky directly opposite to where my coworker and I had seen the moving object to see a similar star-like object meander it's way down the sky, wobbling in the same way all the way below the horizon out of sight.

So for a second time in a month I saw the same type of star-like object meandering in the sky like no movement from any terrestrial aircraft I have ever seen. So I decided to google search terms like 'moving lights in the sky' and 'glowing orb in the sky' and 'moving stars' only to find videos of the exact thing I had seen! Exactly like stars but they move like they are alive. Simple as that.
