{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-28 01:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487696","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71961","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3248,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/696/mufon-5487696.json","updb_database_id":5487696}
{jpg} Multicolored flashing lights, brighter than any star, hovered around and jumped in different directions, ascended slowly, descended, watched for 45 minutes

I was walking inside my house, I shut the front door and looked out the window, like I do every time, and I saw this really bright star. I looked at for a second, and then thought to myself 'it's just an airplane', and then it moved to the right a little bit, in a REALLY weird way that didn't look like anything I've ever seen before. I opened the door and stepped outside to watch it, and it wasn't moving any closer or further away, it just hovered there in the sky, flashing. Again I thought it was an airplane and I was just tired, but the lights looked different, and there were colors flashing that I'd never seen on any plane before. I sat down and just watched it, afraid to move because I might miss something. It hovered, and it would jump to the right, then to the left, and then it would go up and to the right, and I could swear even though I couldn't make out a definite shape that it was tilting at an angle. I stared and stared, and even walked down the street for a clearer view, just to be sure that IT was moving, and not the trees in my yard blowing in the wind. It was DEFINITELY moving. When it hovered, it didn't sit perfectly still, it sort of wavered, like a quadrotor drone. So then I thought maybe it was a personal drone someone was flying, but I watched and watched and it stayed up there, and as far as I know, the battery life on those personal drones isn't very long. I sat outside watching it for 30 minutes, and then it looked like it was ejecting things from it, like tiny shooting stars. I thought maybe my eyes were playing tricks on me, and I was seeing some kind of glare that looked like things were coming out of it, but then one came out and made a big curve over the thing. It came out of what I can only assume was the top, went up and to the left, and then made a big arcing curve over the light, or craft, or whatever it was. They weren't bright like the thing itself, they had really faint tails as they came off. I've seen a few ufos in the last year or two, but this one is the only one I've been able to actually watch, instead of just seeing. The last one I saw there was a witness. The night of the lunar eclipse a few weeks ago we saw a blue light flying in a straight path, but it looked smoother than an airplane and it was just a solid blue light. It stopped mid flight, turned from blue to red, and then dropped straight down and we lost sight of it. There were at least 50 people outside looking at the eclipse, I KNOW somebody else saw that.
