{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-10 05:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515696","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42454","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3747,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/696/mufon-5515696.json","updb_database_id":5515696}
(GS) Absolutely silent triangular/v-shaped object crossed the sky in Frisco, TX

It was Monday morning, 09/10/2012, at around 5:55 a.m. and I was taking my dogs out to the back yard. I always look up at the moon while my dogs are in the yard, and this morning was especially clear. There were no planes or other aircraft in the sky(we live in the flight path of DFW or Love Field, so were used to aircraft passing over).

I was looking up and towards the east at the moon and stars for about 10 seconds when movement towards the south caught my eye. A series of 5 lights were flying in a V or triangle formation from the south towards the north. These lights were much larger than any star, not as big as the moon. They had a soft yellow-white that seemed to get dim as the object traversed from right to left, as if the lights were pointed down and forward. At their brightest, they looked like what a soft light would look like if you squinted at it.

The lights were arranged with one in the lead, two behind it in a triangle and the other two back a ways and off to the sides. Its hard to describe, but it gave the impression that it wasnt completely triangle shaped.

The object appeared one to two times the size of the moon. Not literally, just how the object looked in comparison to the moon. Even though I don't know the actual size of the object, it seemed to be flying low, maybe 300-500 ft. 

As the object went by, it came close to going in front of the bottom of the moon. The moon was less than half full, but it was still very bright and had a glow around it. The object almost passed in front of the moon, going through the moons glow. The left side was solid. The moon was in the background, the solid, straight edge of the object towards the bottom of the moon, and the lights of the object were still clearly visible.

It took anywhere from four to six seconds for this object to traverse the sky. Once it got to about the 35-40 degree mark towards the north, I couldnt see the lights and lost sight of it.

The thing that sticks with me the most was that it made absolutely no noise. I could hear my dogs walking around and the occasional car, but I at least expected, or maybe hoped for, a whoosh or an engine noise. Silence. 

The other thing that strikes me is that if I had gone out five seconds earlier or later, I would have missed it. I was and still am absolutely astonished and I tried to figure out what I was looking at.

Airplane? No, we see loads of them every day and I work near Addison airport.

Helicopter? No, we live near a CareFlight pad, weve seen and heard plenty.

Birds? No, they were too fast for birds.

Meteor? No, unless it was on fire in five uniform spots with solid, straight edges.

Balloons? No, it was still, very gentle breeze at best.

Glider? No, again, too fast.

Drone? No, completely silent, unless we have something that can traverse the sky in 4-6 seconds, 300-500 ft. off the ground and is completely silent.

Im at a loss, I hope someone else saw what I saw. 

I was quite shaken up by this, so I woke my wife and she could tell I had seen something pretty remarkable.
