{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-08 22:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484696","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75119","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4155,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/696/mufon-5484696.json","updb_database_id":5484696}
{nd} structural triangle, as if built out of I-beams, with dazzling white lights on each corner and one in the middle of each edge. red flashing light beneath.

this is what I dictated into my phone just after viewing it.

I am reporting this because I could very well have simply misidentified this, but am very visual (life long artist) and this was UNUSUAL.

I think I saw UFO over Cleveland. It was heading directly south and it was 10:21 PM on Tuesday night I'll look at the calendar to figure out what day of the month it was. At first I saw it coming it was traveling slowly it was not that high up in the air and it was an unusual constellation of lights so a grab my iphone and I thought I should take a picture of that whatever it is and then it got closer and I got closer we were converging right over the interstate interstate 90. As it got closer and closer I thought it might be a group of helicopters. But they were in too tight of a cluster. I saw a constellation of lights that were in than abstract sort of triangular form. As the craft got closer, I kept looking up and I saw that there was a slightly lighter color to the body than the dark sky. There were lights on all three corners and in between the corners with a dazzling white very very white bright bright light. On the bottom there was a flashing red light ` at least one maybe they were alternating from different positions on the bottom. The Craft was traveling very slowly. It was probably 4 to 6 telephone poles off the ground` not regular telephone poles but the kind of tall ones that are along the interstate. If this craft was indeed triangular, it appeared to be traveling backwards away from the point. There was an aspect of this triangular pattern that was a little bit hard to comprehend. The lights seemed to be pointing toward me, not so much at me but so bright that it looked like they were pointed at me, although it was not pointed at me at all. That's how dazzling the lights were. As the Craft approach the highway before it crossed over me I thought it could be a structure a linear structure like I-beams or something that have lights along it and it was not a flat triangle. It appeared to be have a flat aspect but the front seem to be folded a little making it like two long skinny triangles but only in the front. I did not feel any unusual feelings outside of disbelief. I racked my mind trying to figure out what it could be other than a craft. It was not that high off the ground. As an artist my life profession is about looking and seeing. I'm very articulate and I'm able to describe things well. I worked as a carpenter for 30 years and I have a pretty good sense of dimension. I would guess this craft was between 40 and 60 feet long. Of course perspective could have thrown all of this off. Of course everything about this could be incorrect. But if it was what it appeared to be, I saw something quite remarkable and would like to know if anybody else saw the same damn thing.

It was west of exit 169 on interstate 90

that was what I dictated (with only punctuation changes). I am most curious if there were OTHER reports of this thing. It HAD to have been seen by many others because it was so low and moved so slowly and was over a very very populated area (edge of cleveland.)

and lastly, and strangely enough, I have been struggling to photograph my drawings and for some reason they will not photograph. I have NEVER had a problem with taking photos on my phone. very strange. (and I am not even suggested that they are related at all)
