{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-10-30 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547696","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"14962","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4764,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/696/mufon-5547696.json","updb_database_id":5547696}
Craft hovered landed rose again hovered and departed at extreme speed.

On a cold October or late November night in Montgomery, Alabama myself and my PeeWee football teammates had just won the city championship game. Approximately 6 to 8 of us spent the night in a neighborhood called Carol Villa. We sneaked out of the house that night at about 11:00pm to meet up with some girls on a dead end street just a few blocks away. We were all standing and/or sitting on our bikes underneath a street light when I noticed a disc shaped metallic craft approaching from the North at an altitude of about 150 to 300 feet and a speed of about 10 to 20 mph. The craft was completely silent in its approach and had an array of lights that circled its outermost edge. I would guess the disc was approximately 50 to 75 feet in diameter and maybe 15 to 25 feet from bottom to top. There were 2 rows of lights around its edge, the lower row was a lime shade of green and flashed in a clockwise movement around the craft and the upper row was orange in color and flashed simultaneousely in a counterclockwise movement. The 2 rows of lights were no more than a few inches apart from the other. It had a domed sort of top on it that was circled by windows from which an amber colored light eminated. From our angle on the ground I could actually see moving shadows being cast onto the ceiling of the craft from inside. The shadows moved and flickered against the ceiling in a curious and eratic manner. The craft moved slowly as it approached a point approximately 200 to 400 feet to our West over an open field. We all watched the craft and speculated aloud what it might be. I knew immediately that it was not any conventional craft that I had ever seen or heard of. This thing made no sound at all as it stopped in mid-air. The field was known as Marshalls Field and was inaccessable to us because of a dense briar patch that grew between the street and the field. We all were astonished by this event and as we watched the craft hanging silently in mid-air, it began to descend into the field dissapearing behind the bushes and briars that blocked our view. We began trying to penetrate the briars to see if the craft had actually landed but the briars were too dense. We discussed whether to go down a few blocks because we knew of a bike trail that entered the field from another dead end street 2 blocks down. One of our linemen (Ken) only lived a few houses from where we were so he decided to sneak back into his bedroom window and get his camera. He jumped on his bike and dissapeared around the corner. We all continued to discuss running down to the bike trail to see if we could get a better look at the craft when suddenly it arose from the field and hovered again exactly where it had been before. About this time Ken showed up with his X-15 land camera, dropped his bike and began to snap off a series of about 3 shots with a flash cube. On about the 3rd flash the craft went from zero to gone in a matter of 2 seconds back in the same Northerly direction it came from. The weirdest thing about this event is that we never discussed it among each other, we didn't go back to the house and stay up talking about it, I don't even remember going back to the house that night. I had never talked about our sighting with any of these boys until about 2 years ago. I looked Ken up in the phone book and found him living in a nearby town. I called the number and his wife answered telling me that Ken was at work. I explained that I had played PeeWee football with Ken and asked if she could have him call me back sometime. Ken called me about 20 minutes later. Not wanting to lead him on, I allowed him to tell me what he remembered about that night and it was uncanny how much his memory matched my own after 32 years or more. I asked Ken if he had ever developed the photos he had taken and he said they had all came back solid black. Nothing on the entire roll had developed. To this day Ken is the only person there that I have contacted about this event. I guess I'm saving Robbie, Todd, Steve, Dale, Davie, Tim, Dahl, Leah, Cheryl and Nan and possibly others for some other day.
