{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-27 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488737","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70902","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3158,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/737/mufon-5488737.json","updb_database_id":5488737}
{jpg} GREEN ORB SCANNED THE VALLEY WITH HUGE GREEN BEAM ON LUNAR ECLISPE NIGHT IN MONTANA BELOW CLOUDS

GREEN ORB SCANNED THE VALLEY WITH HUGE GREEN BEAM ON LUNAR ECLISPE NIGHT IN MONTANA BELOW CLOUDS

This UFO *SCANNED* the area like something I have never seen before. I have never seen a UFO before and this was one of the craziest things Ive ever seen. 

It is the night of the lunar eclipse-the blood moon eclipse that only comes around once every 20 years. I think this has bearing on the sighting. 

I was on my way back from Bridger Mountain Rd. coming back into Bozeman, and at exactly 8:40pm on the left in the sky above the tree line but below the total cloud cover was a large green orb hovering. The distance Id have to check because it is very hard to tell how far away it was in the dark, but when go back during the day, I will be able to gauge the actual distance. Maybe...it was a half mile away. It didnt do anything for about 10 seconds. Then like wow...From about a half mile away a beam of green light literally scanned the whole area, but only on the land part. It lasted for about 5 seconds, then stopped for another 3 seconds and scanned the land for another 5 so seconds. As if it was looking for something downed in the area. There is like nothing out were it was scanning, except for forest and maybe a house or two. The scanning beam is freakishly I almost want to say high-tech. From where it was to where it was able to scan was a very large distance, and even the actual beam of light showed almost an electronic pattern. This beam was a concentrated beam like most ufo sightings you hear about, but when it scanned farther from its own distance, the beams range of light pie'd out. This part is hard to explain. Im an artist so a drawing would be best. Not only did it scan a green light, but when it did, when the green beam was hitting the landscape, it wasnt even like a monotoned green light, it seriously looked like that light was making a design within that beam. Like the design a motherboard has for a computer. Like it was trying to pick up a computer sequence is the best I can do to explain it. The scanning lite up the whole valley when it happened. Remember, it ws cloudy, and no moon and I was in the middle of a forest with very little lighting. After the scanning it there there only for 2 seconds and then gone. There was a car behind me, and they have got to have seen it. I was just amazed at the range this thing had and how it wasnt just a beam scanning, it looked like a computer system trying to locate a chip.
