{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-18 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504737","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54147","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3223,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/737/mufon-5504737.json","updb_database_id":5504737}
{rjl} UFO CLUSTER EAST HILLS OF SAN JOSE, CA

Too much to describe in an entry, but basically I was driving home from work towards the East Hills of Milpitas, CA on Calavaras Rd. I turned South onto Piedmont Rd and headed South, when I noticed 3 separate lights hovering over the mountain range. I have seen helicopters positioned there sometimes to watch the traffic along I-680. This time however was different. As obeserved while driving, the Northern most light was colored yellow, middle green, and southern most red. There was one more light to the West, which I believed was a helicopter with red flashing strobe lights. As I traveled further into now San Jose, I realized that the lights were now moving. I stopped to get gas at a Shell station along the way and stepped away from the care momentarily to see if the lights were still moving. They were, but slowly. After getting gas I drove up Suncrest road which goes up the nearby foothill. This is when things became interesting. As I drove further up the hill I saw that the one green light was headed in the same direction as my car, but very slowly, with now sound (not a helicopter). I managed to luck out by being in a relatively dark area - but with homes around. I headed down Boulder Rd and parked the car (did not get out). This road is essentially an overlook where I can see all of Silicon Valley. I looked up an was lucky to see the green lighted object - which I realized was clearly now a triangular shaped craft. Each point of the triangle had a yellow navigation light. But in the middle of the triangle was another triangle - a lighted red triangle. The light was also strange looking. Imagine a huge computer monitor with the screen red and with an occassional video noise - sort of like interference on a screen. I know this sounds strange. As I was watching this thing I also noticed that it was ascending up into the clouds. It took off. At the same time we noticed two other lights one with red strobes and the other yellow moving southward towards the Evergreen district of San Jose. From my vantage point I could see everything. The yellow light moved to a certain location and remained parked over the area for over an hour. The light then became bright - very bright, and changing colors, white, red, green, blue, sometimes changing very rapidly. I arrived back at my house had dinner then told the family my experience. After dinner, I noticed that the one light was still visible from my office window. This is the extent of this report. As I am writing this my daughters are telling me that the light is actually moving around.
