{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-28 17:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505737","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53106","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5722,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/737/mufon-5505737.json","updb_database_id":5505737}
{rjl} UFO & Aliens in rural Stantonburg, NC!!! Hiding under thick cloud cover!!! Why?

What I can confirm through other eyewitness reports photos and video on Dec 28 on Hwy 58 in Stantonburg, NC what appears to be Alien presence and UFOs. I personally have pictures and video I recorded that day. I discovered that I was not the only person to see something strange in the sky in NC on Dec 28, 2013(someone reported seeing UFO in Ocean Isle Pier, NC). They where using cloud cover to conceal themselves and their SpaceCraft. I picked one of their vechicles in plain sight that was hovering outside under the clouds then it went in the clouds and came out. I stopped my video because it appeared not to photographing the UFO vechicle(although I could see it with my naked eye)The Video did pick an vertical like jet stream which look like it was pulsing electricity coming from the UFO( In which someone in Ohio also saw on Dec 28th 2013. I found out later by doing internet research and he posted his video on you tube.) I was surpised by what I was seeing on 12-28-2013 I just watched in awe as the circluar shaped craft appeared then disappeared then reappeared and took off across the sky right in front of me. I just wanted to go on record as having reported what I saw being a responsible America citizen because what I saw when I looked closer at my pictures and did a simple aspect ratio using my Ipad revealed alot hidden behind the clouds. Why are they watching us? Why are they here? Where are they from? I just pray they come in peace. I did not immediately report it on 12-28-2013 because I wanted to confirm there where other eye witnesses to this phenomenon. Whats going on with all these meteors? on the 26, 27th and 28th December 2013?...Luke 21:25? How did they get here? 
I will attach the photos I took that day with my iPhone some at the site in Stantonburg and some coming in from Wilson, NC.I was at work in Wilson, Nc driving to the next clients home when I started to notice the clouds was looking strange. So pulling over and snapping pictures with my cellphone camera. I was finished with my work day and started to head home. Then I noticed a strange looking object flying below a very thick layer of clouds with a large noticeable emission so I pulled over and put on my four way flashers. The emissions were vertical because at first the UFO was hovering. My heart was beating fast because I knew I was seeing something not from the planet Earth however I had to pull myself together and document what I was seeing through video. As I pulled out my cell phone to record I was trying to figure out why it was picking up the emission but I could not see the UFO vehicle in the same vivid way I was seeing it in person. However when you watch the video in slow motion you can see there are multiple UFOs and they have some type of invisible shield. Then the larger UFO I saw hovering disappeared right in front of me, reappeared and took off. The other which I can see from the slow motion video are 3 smaller UFO and you can see part of the larger dark colored one I encountered when I first came to the site. I sent picture from my iPhone to my iPad to see it larger then I wanted to see if I could see what was behind the clouds so I used a simple aspect ratio and took screen shoot. It showed 3 Smaller UFO behind the cloud cover and all types of different looking creatures. One appeared to be trying to disguise his appearance to look human but was not done yet. I wouldnt have believe it if I hadnt seen it with my own eyes with picture and video proof. I did not choose to see it however being a responsible American citizen I had to report it. To my fellow citizens of the planet Earth all over the world if you don't know Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior NOW is the time!!!! When The saints are caught up to meet The Lord in the end time harvest...those who are left behind do not believe we where taken by Aliens...the Bible is true....Jesus is coming.....Be ready!!!
