{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484737","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75068","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3884,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/737/mufon-5484737.json","updb_database_id":5484737}
I witnessed a Huge Glowing Ball entity of Red light with an Aura, flying over Buildings

I live in England but this incident happened about two years ago on the island of Trinidad in the Caribbean. The incident happened after a movie night out with two friends. After the movies as we walked out the cinema exit door I turned to my right to see if a bakery was still opened. As I turned my head I saw a huge glowing red ball flying across the sky above the bakery and other buildings on the compound. It looked as though it was descending and appeared to have descended into the fields behind the compound. However my view was obscured by the buildings as the object decended. It was moving horizontal to the ground below it but an easterly direction so definately flying and not just falling from the sky, and it seemed to be lowering itself as though landing at the same time. I did shout and i pointed toward the sky to alert my two friends but it was moving so fast that only one of my two friends managed to see it. It was a bright round glowing red ball of light and the color red seemed more hazy around the edges of the ball. There seemed to be an aura around it.There was no beams of light, no smoke, and no noise. It was just a huge red ball entity of glowing light. Growing up I have always loved looking at the sky and I know what a shooting and falling star looks like but this was definety unlike anything I have ever seen in my life. My first feeling was one of excitement, amazement and wonder. I wish I had the opportunity to see and observe it for longer and it has been on mind ever since. I want to know what it is I saw that evening. My friend and I spoke about it for weeks and weeks after. He saw exactly what I saw and we both speculated if it was a ''Soucouyant''. The word comes from a local folklore in Trinidad and is named after glowing balls of red flying orbs which the locals have believed in and have experienced for decades. I have heard stories of this growing up but never believed in it and always laughed when I heard it. I like to be logical and I always say that ''seeing is believing''. But I am still in awe about what I saw that evening so now I don't know what to believe anymore! I am also happy my friend also saw it at that time so I could talk to someone about it who would believe me. I am a science lover and I was watching TV and saw one of Mufons tv show one day and It dawned on me that what i saw and have been keeping inside me could have indeed be something perhaps out of this world?! Who knows? I was also happy to know that I could be able to contact and share my experience with someone else who would like to listen. On another note I also have something my doctors refer to as ''night terrors'. In these ''night terrors'' I am always provoked or totured by dark strange human shaped shadows. When these experiences happens I also get sleep paralysis. I have had these sleep experiences even before I saw the glowing red ball of light. It has eased up quite a lot now but and I am unsure if both the ''night terrors'' and the sighting of the red glowing object are related in anyway at all? The sighting of the red glowing ball felt so different, so strange and out of this world that I found it necessary and worth sharing. This is my story.
