{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-08 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283737","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119696","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/737/mufon-5283737.json","updb_database_id":5283737}
3 separate unidentifiable aerial phenomenon

I went out to retrieve groceries from my car and noticed an airplane behind the airplane in the distance I then observed a craft-like shape with red blue and orange lights coming up behind the commercial airplane really fast it then stopped and hovered for about 2 min I ran inside and got my mom and my fiancé. When we came back out it was blinking in sequence and seemed to still be hovering before taking off in the opposite direction. At that point my mother and fiancé went back in and I came back out for the last load of groceries and observed another craft just like the first one but it was coming from the direction the plane went towards where the other craft had disappeared. I was amazed but this one didn't stay and hover it approached slowly and then shot off really fast like blink and miss it fast. At this point I went back inside to get my dog for a final walk and while I was standing outside to the southwest a bright flash of white in the center then pink, orange and red rimmed almost like a teardrop shape suddenly appeared at a very high altitude and dropped quickly toward the ground but disappeared before it hit the horizon. I was dumbfounded standing there with my mouth hanging open when a neighbor who had been taking out the garbage asked did you just see that? He starlted me and we compared notes on what we both witnessed and I explained that I had seen 2 other ufo just a few minutes before. He asked if they had looked like the craft I had seen and when I said yes you seen them as well? He answered yes but a few weeks ago. So I don't know if the first 2 are just something that I've never seen before but are ordinary but with the hovering and then taking off so fast and basically disappearing I just don't know. The 3rd craft was nothing like an airplane or any other ufo I've ever heard described. It was almost like a giant flame that literally appeared out of nowhere dropped extremely fast and then just vanished.
