{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-03 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526737","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28933","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2765,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/737/mufon-5526737.json","updb_database_id":5526737}
2 UFO sightings

On May 1, my husband and I noticed 2 flashing lights in the western sky at about 1-2:00 position. We could see some color and watched them about 30 minutes until they dipped below the horizon. Tonight, we watched them with a telescope. They appeared just at dusk in the western sky at approximately the same position. We could see them with the telescope. The first one was circular in shape and had 2 rings of flashing lights. They went from green/blue/white. It reminded us of those "chasing" christmas lights. The colors were very vivid, and we could definitely see two separate circles of lights - one inside the other. It kept moving east-west, but we were able to capture it on video. I couldn't find my tripod, but put my Samsung point & shoot up to the eyepiece of the telescope and captured it that way. It moved towards the horizon, as we kept having to move the telescope to see it. The second one was more at the 12:00 -1:00 position in the west, and there was some broken clouds, but we did get to see that one in the telescope too. This one flashed red/orange/yellow, and the lights were in 2 lines - both running east-west, and north-south on the object. This also moved towards the horizon and seemed further away then the first one. I did capture this one on video too, although it is not as clear as the first one. This 2nd one moved faster too. It also dipped below the horizon after about 30 minutes. We live about 12 miles from the Gulf of Mexico and north of Tampa. Two of our neighbors were here tonight and observed the objects too. When I saw these on May 1, I checked on the internet to see if there was a satellite or something that could explain what these objects were. I even checked the flight paths of aircraft - even though we both knew that there was no way these were aircraft. They looked almost stationary, but with the telescope we could see how they moved tonight. None of us have ever seen anything like these objects before. I am attaching the video of the first object. Please note that you can't see anything until about a minute into the video. We were setting up the telescope because the object had moved again.
