Case No. 1405 09012021

Date: January 9, 2021.

Approximate Time: 18:30 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Winter (Northern Hemisphere).

Witnesses: I. L., 20 years old.
Description: The informant, who only identified himself by a stack name, reported that for a few seconds he filmed saw an anomalous aerial phenomenon at 18:30 (HL) on Saturday, January 09, 2021, from Uharte, Pamplona, Spain.
He explained that he never saw the recording directly, that he assimilated it to a 4-meter-long rhombus, with a "light silhouette" coloration, and distant.
300 meters from the camera location. He added that the phenomenon
exhibited "movement without fixed patterns, defying the laws of
physics, curvilinear, and very fast."

He concluded his report by stating: "In my opinion, there is no
probability that it is a snowflake, or a reflection of artificial light, or
an optical effect or illusion, moreover, this is the second time I have
seen UFOs in the area in less than 6 months."

Based on the account, the location of the contact provided by the user
was georeferenced, corresponding to a residential sector.
from Uharte, in Pamplona, Navarre (42° 49’ 49’’ N and 1° 35’ 25’’ W).
As shown in Figure 1, it is located 8.3 kilometers northeast of the Pamplona-Noáin Airport (LEPP).

Figure 1
This determined that the case would fall outside the scope of work of
the Committee, as it had been a report originating abroad.

On January 12, a file containing the footage that had allegedly originated
the report was received.
From a quick initial analysis of all the frames of the recording
In observing the sky, it was concluded that a scene of snowfall was filmed, with an atmosphere practically saturated with matter capable of reflecting light and facing multiple light sources.

In addition to the motion that was imprinted on the smartphone with which it was recorded, there were also lighting fixtures that moved as well. When reviewing some randomly selected frames, symmetries and reflections were verified.

Images: In an email at 21:41 (HL) on January 11th, the user provided a video.
Conclusion: Although it was concluded that what was reported were reflections resulting from taking a picture backlit, as it originated in a situation unrelated to the mission and function of the Committee, the case was closed in accordance with Chapter 1 and Chapter 2, numeral 2b (Study of cases that have occurred or been recorded in national territory).

Case classified as "Foreign."
