{"created_utc": "2026-09-14T00:55:14Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 326578, "source_ctime_ns": 1788560995658539410, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/0---Koi---ShatteredRealityPodcast---Videos.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788560995647062240, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/0---Koi---ShatteredRealityPodcast---Videos.pdf", "source_sha256": "b20ecd57cdf8417be3a758324a3fbee7ba8a184e4345c830fcebec50f97972aa"}

Uploaded    Channel        Video URL   Video Title       Description
Date

2021 07 06 ShatteredReali https://yout %2386 Anomalous Fahrusha interviewed Kate, a loquacious and interesting “Shattered Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/QWlhf Hudson County     Reality Podcast” listener, about her anomalous experiences in           Link
                          CTJsek                       Hudson County, New Jersey. Closer to Manhattan than many parts
                                                       of the five boroughs of New York City, Hudson County is steeped in
                                                       its own legends and paranormal happenings. This is a short interview
                                                       focused on Kate’s family experiences with the world of spiritual after-
                                                       death contact. We also briefly cover a UFO flap of the ’60s. Think of
                                                       Budd Hopkins’ recounting of the UFO landing in the park on
                                                       Boulevard East; it is the same flap.
                                                       Strangely Kate’s story mirrors the experiences of another listener we
                                                       interviewed, June Ponte, from Hudson County.
                                                       If you are a listener to “Shattered Reality Podcast”, even if you are
                                                       not from Hudson County, and would like to tell us about your
                                                       paranormal experiences please get in touch by leaving a message on
                                                       this posting.

                                                         Recorded: 3-26-2019

2021 05 26 ShatteredReali https://yout %2385 Owls, UFOs Fahrusha welcomed Mike Clelland, an avid outdoorsman, illustrator Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/UjE-    and Synchronicity and UFO researcher, to “Shattered Reality Podcast". He has written Link
                          1DFEWlY      with Mike Clelland extensively on the subject of owls, UFOs, and synchronicity. This
                                                          episode was particularly conversational, with Fahrusha contributing
                                                          some of her experiences to the mix. The short take-away from this is
                                                          that people who have experiences with owls in the wild often also
                                                          have UFO experiences and many of them may be abductees as well.
                                                          Some folks see owls that are impossibly big to be flesh and blood
                                                          owls. Under hypnosis these people sometimes find that what they
                                                          saw were actually small grey aliens.
                                                          Though Mike’s research centers around the owl/UFO connection,
                                                          Fahrusha drew parallels to other animal/UFO connections involving
                                                          raccoons, cats and opossums among others. Fahrusha is a city chick,
                                                          but she is a good spotter of birds and mammals in the wild. Owls
                                                          have the best hearing of all birds and excellent night vision as well.
                                                          Their feathers are specially equipped for silent flight. Cats and dogs
                                                          also see more than the spectrum visible to humans, and may be
                                                          sensitive to invisible intruders. All human companions of cats have
                                                          been unnerved by the felines staring intently at something the
                                                          human cannot see.
                                                          Clelland has written two books on owls and their relationship to the
                                                          UFO enigma: The Messengers and Stories From the Messengers,
                                                          both of which are an engaging read.

                                                         Recorded: 3-12-2019
2021 05 16 ShatteredReali https://yout %2384 UFO        Fahrusha was pleased to welcome Retired Air Force Captain Robert Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/CfQCc Secrecy with       Salas to “Shattered Reality Podcast”. Robert is the author of two     Link
                          w80_oQ       Robert Salas     excellent books, Unidentified: The UFO Phenomenon: How World
                                                        Governments Have Conspired to Conceal Humanity’s Biggest Secret
                                                        and Faded Giant (co-author James Klotz).
                                                        We discussed the Oscar flight shutdown of nuclear missiles by UFOs
                                                        at Malmstrom Air Force Base in 1967 where Robert Salas was
                                                        stationed and where he was a missile launch officer in the
                                                        underground bunker when the shutdown occurred. There was also
                                                        an almost identical shutdown a week earlier on Echo flight. (Please
                                                        see our interview with Robert Hastings.)
                                                        Robert has proposed that according to game theory, the forces for
                                                        secrecy and those that push for disclosure are playing a zero sum
                                                        game. He believes that eventually disclosure must happen. As an
                                                        adherent of the extra-terrestrial hypothesis (ETH) he believes that
                                                        ET is on our side, though he allows that there may be more than one
                                                        kind of ET. He has had some personal experiences with “the others”
                                                        and feels that his mission is to warn of the dangers of nuclear
                                                        weapons. That mission is a noble one.
                                                        Recently Robert Salas has traveled to Peru with renowned musician
                                                        Will Galison where he was shown some mummies of non-human
                                                        creatures, he thinks may be aliens. There are a number of
                                                        international scientists working on the case and we eagerly await
                                                        their findings.
                                                        Note 1: Homo floresiensis, a.k.a. “the Hobbit,” was an ancient
                                                        hominin that lived until at least 17,000 years ago in South East Asia
                                                        on the remote Indonesian island of Flores. Some think its extinction
2021 04 24 ShatteredReali https://yout %2383 A is For   Fahrusha was happy to welcome Greg Bishop and Adam Gorightly, Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/IC4CTD Adamski           authors of the entertaining book named "A is for Adamski: The        Link
                          4X5EE                         Golden Age of the UFO Contactees". The contactees are people who
                                                        claim (largely) benevolent contact with the denizens of flying
                                                        saucers. Their heyday was in the 1950s, but there were contactees
                                                        before Roswell and after the fifties into the current period.
                                                        The book is arranged alphabetically by the person and there is a
                                                        photo for each entry. There is a kitsch element to these photos that
                                                        is definitely entertaining and fun. We spoke extensively about the
                                                        reality or lack thereof of these experiences. I tried to make a
                                                        possible connection between contactees and near death
                                                        experiencers and to a lesser extent remote viewers.
                                                        There are many overlaps between different people in the book as
                                                        some of them knew one another, especially those that gathered
                                                        with Adamski and VanTassel at Giant Rock in the southern California
                                                        desert over the years. There are also many questions about the
                                                        honesty of some of the most notorious of the people profiled, but by
                                                        and large, most were sincere. It must be understood that what ever
                                                        they encountered had to be processed by the reducing valve of their
                                                        brains which may have overlaid the experience with something
                                                        familiar or understandable to them.
                                                        Kudos also to Douglas Curran whose photos inspired the book.
                                                        Errata: The near death experiencer Fahrusha referenced but
                                                        couldn’t remember the name of is Anita Moorjani. She is
                                                        representative of a number of NDEers.
                                                        Recorded: 2-12-2019
2021 04 19 ShatteredReali https://yout %2382 Botanicas, Fahrusha warmly welcomed Jason Mizrahi, manager of Original              Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/hHTPF Magick Stores and Products and David B. Metcalfe, paranormal researcher to Shattered Link
                          Xo09tg       Gris-Gris Shops  Reality Podcast to discuss the growing business of magickal supplies
                                                        around the world. The founder of Original Products, Jack Mizrahi
                                                        (retired), pictured above, is the father of Jason and an incredibly
                                                        erudite businessperson. He started the business with his longtime
                                                        friend Milton Benezra in the 1950s upon returning home from the
                                                        Korean War. Because he could speak Ladino the language of the
                                                        Sephardic diaspora, it was easy to understand Spanish, as Ladino has
                                                        its roots in Old Spanish. As a result of his facility with languages and
                                                        innate humor and common sense, Original Products became a
                                                        successful institution in the South Bronx, catering to the Latin
                                                        American community’s spiritual supply needs and later to the Afro-
                                                        Caribbean community. Today Original Products’ reach spans the
                                                        globe and their products are used by people of many different
                                                        spiritual traditions.
                                                        Also featured on this episode is return guest, David B. Metcalfe, a
                                                        prominent paranormal researcher, writer and multimedia artist
                                                        focusing on the interstices of art, culture, and consciousness. He is a
                                                        contributing editor for Reality Sandwich, The Revealer, the online
                                                        journal of NYU’s Center for Religion and Media, and The Daily Grail.
                                                        His blog is Exploring the Outer Edges of Society and Mind. He has
                                                        worked extensively with Andrew Chesnut who has researched the
                                                        Santa Muerte tradition and is the co-developer of the website Most
                                                        Holy Death.We had a lively discussion about emerging spiritual
                                                        traditions, magickal supplies, and what it is like to be involved in
                                                        paranormal studies.
2021 03 28 ShatteredReali https://yout %2381 Rupert     Sh
                                                        Fahrushadwas livery pleased
                                                                              d      to welcomeli Rupert Sheldrake,
                                                                                                                  b i PhD,
                                                                                                                        h i to   Transcript
             tyPodcast      u.be/011Wz Sheldrake Science “Shattered Reality Podcast” to speak about his new book Science        Link
                            AikYNQ     and Spiritual     and Spiritual Practices:Transformative Experiences and their Effects
                                       Practices         on our Bodies, Brains and Health and other related topics. We began
                                                         our conversation with an explanation of the hypothesis of morphic
                                                         resonance in biology.
                                                         We continued onward to expound on the seven rather universal
                                                         spiritual practices that can have transformative effects on one’s
                                                         mental and physical health. Most basic of these practices is
                                                         meditation, the sort which can silence the mind’s chatter and
                                                         promote joy. Next comes gratitude which can be practiced as
                                                         prayer, grace before meals, or simply earnestly thanking individuals
                                                         for small or large acts that they have done.
                                                         “More than human” is the practice in which a person relates to the
                                                         99.9999% percent of the Universe which is not human or about
                                                         human beings. This is probably my favorite. A sub-category is
                                                         relating to plants as living beings. These first four practices can be
                                                         accomplished solo, but Sheldrake is clear about the way in which
                                                         doing things in community with others brings added benefits to the
                                                         practioner.
                                                         Among the group practices are the practice of rituals with other
                                                         humans, although it is possible to do some rituals solo. Singing,
                                                         chanting and music have amazing effect on the human being and the
                                                         benefits are multiplied when groups participate together. Going on
                                                         pilgrimages and visiting holy places can be done alone or with a
                                                         group. The practice of walking meditation is one that bridges both
                                                         the category of meditation and pilgrimage.
                                                                   h ld k h i h              h    f b k
2021 02 28 ShatteredReali https://yout %2380 Dr. Diana Fahrusha was pleased to welcome Dr. Diana Walsh (Pasulka) author Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/uKq8B Walsh (Pasulka)    of American Cosmic: UFOs, Religion and Technology to “Shattered        Link
                          Hw6RxY       American Cosmic Reality Podcast". Together they had a spirited conversation about
                                                        the UFO enigma. They discussed anomalous experiences in which
                                                        Diana participated in the Southwest of the US. With two others, she
                                                        found some unusual materials not believed to be manufactured on
                                                        Earth.
                                                        It has become apparent that it is almost impossible to determine
                                                        what events are real and what events are misreported due to a
                                                        number of factors. Firstly events have always been reported
                                                        according to peoples’ views on the subject and what one person
                                                        sees is not necessarily what her neighbor sees. Secondly altering
                                                        photographs successfully beyond detection is now possible, even by
                                                        semi-professionals. Thirdly, entertainment and news are becoming
                                                        mixed and intermingled, with a prevalence of docudramas that give
                                                        some truth and some fiction. In the memory of viewers they
                                                        perceive the fictionalized accounts as true. Finally augmented reality
                                                        devices, such as “Oculus Rift” are becoming more common, allowing
                                                        individuals to step into their own private worlds.
                                                        We talked about how traditional religious manifestations such as
                                                        shared visions and levitation are also factors in the UFO phenomena.
                                                        We spoke of the Spanish nun, Mary of Agreda who bi-located to the
                                                        Dulce New Mexico area prior to the arrival of the European
                                                        explorers, and the celestial manifestations at Fatima in Portugal. We
                                                        agreed that many factors play a part in the different ways that
                                                        people experience both UFOs and religious manifestations,
                                                        especially cultural context.
                                                            W l hwas
2020 10 23 ShatteredReali https://yout %2379 The Spirit Fahrusha   ( pleased
                                                                         lk ) h to welcome
                                                                                     i       d
                                                                                            Sharon  l d
                                                                                                    Hatfield,      l ofh
                                                                                                              author           Transcript
            tyPodcast       u.be/ETBWf Room of Jonathan "Enchanted Ground: The Spirit Room of Jonathan Koons" to                  Link
                            QDY8bw     Koons with Sharon “Shattered Reality Podcast”.
                                       Hatfield          We covered the career of Jonathan Koons, an American Spiritualist
                                                         and physical medium of the mid Nineteenth Century. Although
                                                         under-recognized today he was major force in the birth of
                                                         Spiritualism in the U.S.and was a a central figure in the western
                                                         upstate New York Spiritual Renaissance movement that also
                                                         spawned Joseph Smith and Mormonism, D.D. Home, and the Fox
                                                         Sisters. We also discussed other notables of the day, including
                                                         somewhat surprisingly, John Chapman colloquially known as
                                                         “Johnny Appleseed”. Few know him as the Swedenborgian
                                                         spiritualist he actually was.

                                                           “Shattered Reality Podcast” appreciates all comments and “likes” on
                                                           its various platforms. We respond as quickly as possible. Thanks for
                                                           your participation. For access to more exciting "Shattered Reality
                                                           Podcast" shows, please visit:
                                                           https://shatteredrealitypodcast.wordpress.com/list-of-available-
                                                           podcasts/

                                                           Recorded:12-4-2018
2020 10 06 ShatteredReali https://yout %2378 Mack         Fahrusha welcomed Mack Maloney back to “Shattered Reality            Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/ExKVid Maloney             Podcast” for his second interview. He introduced his new book        Link
                          iW1uI                           "Mack Maloney’s Haunted Universe" a compendium of paranormal
                                                          and odd stories collected over many years.
                                                          We spoke about some of his and my favorite accounts from the
                                                          book and about paranormal portal areas, including a truly
                                                          fascinating one I’d never heard of in Russia where frequent UFO
                                                          sightings are the most mundane of the high strangeness there. We
                                                          conversed about the loss of privacy due to spying equipment being
                                                          built into consumer goods as well as super spy satellites that can
                                                          identify minute details from above.
                                                          Mack Maloney has written more than fifty novels including military
                                                          thrillers, men’s action-adventure, science fiction and historical
                                                          fiction. He has worked as a consultant for the U.S. government on
                                                          anti-terrorist programs and has been a paranormal researcher for
                                                          many years specializing in the experiences of the military, airplane
                                                          pilots, and clandestine agents. His radio show is called Mack
                                                          Maloney’s Military X-Files.
                                                          More "Shattered Reality Podcast" episodes are available at:
                                                          https://shatteredrealitypodcast.wordpress.com/list-of-available-
                                                          podcasts/


                                                          Recorded: 11-13-2018


2020 10 03 ShatteredReali https://yout %2377 Mary Rose Sadly, Mary Rose Barrington passed away during the past year. R.I.P. Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/IRLVUg Barrington and                                                                           Link
                          h3_hE        Psychokinesis   Fahrusha and “Shattered Reality Podcast” were pleased to welcome
                                                       Mary Rose Barrington to “Shattered Reality Podcast”. Mary Rose
                                                       had been both a solicitor and a barrister in Great Britain as well as a
                                                       President of the Oxford University Society for Psychical Research.
                                                       She was listed as a Vice President of the Society for Psychical
                                                       Research of Great Britain. Her new book, J.O.T.T. (Just One of Those
                                                       Things) is published by Anomalist Books.
                                                       We discussed a number of instances of simple household
                                                       psychokinesis that were included in the book and which were
                                                       studiously collected by Mary Rose over years of research. She has
                                                       classified these instances of psychokinesis she calls Jottles into
                                                       categories: Flyaway, Windfall, Comeback, Walkabout and Trade-In.
                                                       We explored these categories in depth and they are fascinating.
                                                       We also discussed possible reasons for these phenomena. The
                                                       fundamental reality is consciousness, and the mind controls the
                                                       matter, opined Mary Rose Barrington; and we do not disagree.
                                                       Fahrusha gave an account of an unusual Jottle that happened to her
                                                       nearly 20 years ago.


                                                          Recorded: 10-23-2018
2020 07 12 ShatteredReali https://yout %2376 Grant         Fahrusha was very pleased to welcome veteran researcher of UFOs Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/7KWD Cameron                and consciousness, Grant Cameron.                                       Link
                          hfHGxsY                          Grant began his interest in UFOs in 1975 with his observation of a
                                                           recurrent UFO called “Charley RedStar” in Carman, Manitoba. After
                                                           that he was bitten by the UFO bug.
                                                           He researched the work of the late Wilbert Smith who headed the
                                                           Canadian UFO study Project Magnet. After that he was led to
                                                           investigate Dr. Eric Walker, and Dr. Robert Sarbacher who he
                                                           believed were the American keepers of the secret. Following this he
                                                           founded website presidentialufo.com. He filed freedom of
                                                           information requests, researched across America at the official
                                                           libraries of past presidents, finding particular interest in connection
                                                           between the Clintons and the (Laurence) Rockefeller UFO Initiative.
                                                           More recently he had what he called a download from a non-human
                                                           source about the connectedness of everything, the non-physical
                                                           manifestation of UFOs and the primacy of consciousness.
                                                           He has researched the mystery surrounding To The Stars Academy
                                                           and ATTIP, Bob Bigelow and the Skinwalker Ranch.
                                                           He has also written quite a number of books on these subjects
                                                           including Managing Magic: The Government’s UFO Disclosure Plan
                                                           and Charlie Red Star: True Reports of One of North America’s
                                                           Biggest UFO Sightings.

                                                           Recorded:9-25-2018


2020 06 23 ShatteredReali https://yout %2375 Eric Wargo Fahrusha welcomed Eric Wargo, author of Time Loops and The            Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/Enm7 Precognition        Nightshirt blog to “Shattered Reality Podcast.” Time Loops is an      Link
                          GKTO32U                       intensive look at precognition. Dr. Wargo covers premonitions,
                                                        presentiments and dreams. He believes that precognition, literally
                                                        “knowing ahead”, is a product of retrocausation. Retrocausation is a
                                                        theory in physics wherein the effect precedes its cause. This is a
                                                        radical and fairly new idea that is gaining more acceptance.
                                                        Almost one hundred years ago, J.W. Dunne wrote a seminal book on
                                                        precognitive dreams, An Experiment with Time, which changed the
                                                        way of thinking about prescient dreams and introduced to the public
                                                        the idea of retrocausality to precognition. Eric told us of a “Dunne”
                                                        dream he had about 9/11 involving two identical square concrete
                                                        mosques. After Eric signed off, Fahrusha read the 9/11 accounts
                                                        from listeners Mark, Nurse Nancy, Suzanne Evans Morris, Ph.D., and
                                                        intuitive Greg; and related some of her own experiences in an
                                                        abbreviated form.


                                                           Recorded: 9-11-2018
2020 04 22 ShatteredReali https://yout Shattered Reality Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcomed Dr. James McClenon to             Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/2EnxV Podcast %2374       Shattered Reality Podcast author of “The Entity Letters, A Sociologist Link
                          63MFoM       James Mcclenon on the Trail of a Supernatural Mystery.” It is the story of a group of
                                                         individuals, the SORRAT sitter group (Society for Research on
                                                         Rapport and Telekinesis) who engaged in 50 years of telekinetic
                                                         experimentation and witnessed effects including table tipping and
                                                         levitation, poltergeist phenomena, earthquake effects and rapping.
                                                         Most amazingly entities purportedly communicated with the
                                                         members of the SORRAT group by mail! Interestingly, just about
                                                         everyone who actually sat in with the SORRAT group over the course
                                                         of time came to accept the phenomena as real, whereas everyone
                                                         who did not experience the phenomena in person, tended to believe
                                                         that it was impossible and therefore, falsified.
                                                         Dr. James McClenon faithfully documents his experiences with the
                                                         group from the viewpoint of a sociologist. He was unable to discover
                                                         any plausible method by which all of the phenomena could have
                                                         been falsified. Though any individual phenomenon could have been
                                                         rigged, all of the phenomena together would have taken enormous
                                                         skill and the co-operation of a number of individuals over there
                                                         course of many years to falsify. He did not find any collusion
                                                         between the participants, nor any sustained motivation to collude.
                                                         Some of the phenomena happened at various locations, specifically
                                                         occasions of the “rapping” which even occurred at McClenon’s
                                                         home.

                                                            Recorded: 8-21-2018


2020 03 25 ShatteredReali https://yout %2373 Calvin         Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome Calvin Parker, the gentleman Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/brytKkf Parker and The       who was abducted with the late Charles Hickson by unknown beings Link
                          Mg8s         Pascaogula           in Pascagoula Mississippi. With us also was Terry Lovelace, a very
                                       Incident             informed abductee and previous guest, to ask some additional
                                                            questions. We are very happy Calvin has come forward with his
                                                            experience, especially since Charles Hickson has passed away. Now
                                                            we have another voice out here to explain what transpired in
                                                            Pascagoula in 1973. The incident was a rather straightforward and
                                                            classic abduction scenario, but nonetheless fascinating. In his book
                                                            Calvin also details what he went through after the abduction and the
                                                            steps he took to try and understand what exactly the reality of these
                                                            beings and their craft were. No one can ever know what someone
                                                            else has experienced, but I believe Calvin and Terry are giving their
                                                            accounts as truthfully as possible. We can learn something about the
                                                            nature of our place in the Universe from reading their books. We
                                                            need to be constantly reminded that humans see only a fraction of
                                                            the electromagnetic bandwidth around us.
                                                            Calvin’s book is Pascagoula: The Closest Encounter, My Story, Calvin
                                                            Parker and Terry’s book is Incident at Devil’s Den. We thank Philip
                                                            Mantle for his participation in making this show possible. We invite
                                                            our listeners to share their experiences on the show.
                                                            Errata: At the beginning of the podcast, Fahrusha said “Calvin” when
                                                            referring to Travis Walton, who she refers to as having given an
                                                            address at the MUFON symposium on July 29, 2018. The correct
                                                            addresses for our websites are:
                                                            https://shatteredrealitypodcast.wordpress.com and
                                                            http://shatteredrealitypodcast.com.
2020 03 05 ShatteredReali https://yout Shattered Reality   Fahrusha and Kate Valentine were pleased to welcome illustrious    Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/Usgrh8 Podcast %2372        author and paranormal investigator George P. Hansen to “Shattered Link
                          HG82c        George P. Hansen    Reality Podcast”. Hansen looks at the paranormal from the view of
                                       the Trickster       anthropology and skepticism but never debunking. He wrote "The
                                                           Trickster and the Paranormal” and views many of the phenomena
                                                           of the paranormal as being affected and sometimes caused by the
                                                           Trickster as seen in many worldwide folk traditions. He also
                                                           considers a second definition of Trickster which involves many
                                                           aspects of psi including boundary crossing, irrationality, fakery,
                                                           change and instability and is, by its very nature, non-binary. We
                                                           tackle many subjects, especially including shapeshifting UFOs.

                                                           Recorded: 7-17-2018


2020 01 29 ShatteredReali https://yout %2371 Ball          Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcomed back Irena Scott, PhD, to        Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/uR_8tp Lightning and        “Shattered Reality Podcast” for our seventy first show. Dr. Scott has Link
                          k-hVE        UFOs with Irena     written five books and the latest one, Inside the Lightning Ball:
                                       Scott, PhD          Scientific Study of Lifelong UFO Experiences concerns her own
                                                           paranormal experiences regarding UFOs, orbs and ball lightning. She
                                                           wanted to be very clear that when critics and debunkers say that
                                                           scientists do not see UFOs the critics are misinformed. In the book,
                                                           she also elucidates why she thinks some people are multiple
                                                           experiencers.
                                                           Irena Scott started having UFO experiences as a young child and
                                                           continues to the present day. She presents a strong case for these
                                                           phenomena to be studied with an open mind by those that haven’t
                                                           come to premature conclusions.

                                                           Recorded: 6-26-2018

2019 12 15 ShatteredReali https://yout %2370 Rich          Fahrusha and Kate Valentine were happy to welcome Rich Martini, Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/FiO9Xz Martini              who both wrote the book "FlipSide" and made the film “FlipSide”,         Link
                          ZylMs                            which examine the phenomena of life between lives, wherein people
                                                           visit a spiritual realm between physical lives to evaluate the past life
                                                           and plan the next life. The person whose work this film and book
                                                           concentrates on is the late hypnotherapist Dr. Michael Newton, who
                                                           passed away in September 2016.

                                                           In addition to FlipSide, Rich Martini’s books include It’s A Wonderful
                                                           Afterlife Volumes I and II, and Hacking the Afterlife.

                                                           We were thrilled that Rich Martini came on our podcast to explain
                                                           the whole process to us and as Kate Valentine opines, “We are all
                                                           dying to find out.”


                                                           Recorded: 6-12-2018
2019 09 01 ShatteredReali https://yout %2369 David          Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcomed paranormal researcher,           Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/WRGA Metcalfe                David B. Metcalfe to ”Shattered Reality Podcast”. We spoke about Link
                          DNy1FKU                           the Santa Muerte (Saint Death) cult emanating from Mexico. The
                                                            belief system spans the Americas today and runs the gamut from
                                                            blessings to curses, some of which can be very violent. Other topics
                                                            covered included UFOs, abductions, To The Stars Academy, the
                                                            Christian faith healing practice of praying and talking away the fire
                                                            (burns), Native American Skinwalkers, Pennsylvania Dutch Pow-
                                                            Wow tradition and other communal practices.
                                                            We discussed how in much of North America and Europe people
                                                            seldom see dead bodies whereas in other cultures it is common to
                                                            see the remains of the deceased. It may not be healthy for people to
                                                            almost never see a dead body because it allows denial of the
                                                            psychological truth of Death.
                                                            David is currently working with former guest, Andrew Chesnut, on a
                                                            book about Santa Muerte and Craig Williams on a book project to
                                                            support Haitian artists in the Voodoo style and several other
                                                            projects.
                                                            .

                                                            Recorded: 5-29-2018

2019 07 22 ShatteredReali https://yout %2368 Avrel Seale Avrel Seale is a seasoned writer who lives in Texas and has an         Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/AJ3eUf and Sasquatch      abiding interest in Sasquatch (also known as Bigfoot). A father of     Link
                          afffE                          three Boy Scouts, he is an avid and observant hiker. He believes he
                                                         has found substantive evidence of the creature in Sam Houston
                                                         National Forest an hour north of Houston. For his fiftieth birthday he
                                                         decided to hike the full length of the Lone Star Trail by himself in
                                                         search of the elusive hominid. His book Monster Hike: A 100-Mile
                                                         Inquiry Into the Sasquatch Mystery (Anomalist Books) chronicles this
                                                         adventure. In addition to Bigfoot he has written about the history of
                                                         the area and the other natural features and creatures that abound
                                                         there. If you are planning on looking for Sasquatch or Yeti, I
                                                         recommend that you read this book before setting out. It is also of
                                                         great interest to hikers or would-be tenderfoots like me. His eclectic
                                                         blog, “The Trailhead”, is at avrelseale.wordpress.com.
                                                         Stephanie Quick graced our “Listener’s Corner” with some
                                                         paranormal experiences of her own. She has had an interest in the
                                                         weird and paranormal since she was a little girl, and (in her own
                                                         words) “common sense has yet to prevail”. Stephanie reveals her
                                                         Near Death Experience and a missing time episode in Northern
                                                         California.


                                                            Recorded: 5-8-2018
2019 07 12 ShatteredReali https://yout %2367 Terry       Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome Terry Lovelace, alien            Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/FVEe- Lovelace            abductee and author of Incident at Devil’s Den to “Shattered Reality Link
                          _jHdn0                         Podcast”. Terry’s experiences during his time in the U.S. Air Force
                                                         were so remarkable that we gave him lots of room to tell his story.
                                                         His experiences began in childhood and took on a whole new
                                                         dimension when he served as a medic in the U.S. Airforce. Today he
                                                         has evidence that these encounters have even impacted his health.

                                                         Regretfully we lost Kate Valentine’s connection about 20 minutes
                                                         into the show.

                                                         Terry Lovelace is a lawyer and former Assistant Attorney General of
                                                         both Vermont and American Samoa.
                                                         .
                                                         Rrecorded: 4-24-2018

2019 05 30 ShatteredReali https://yout %2366 Mark        Fahrusha was very pleased to welcome psi researcher Mark Boccuzzi Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/mZUhL Boccuzzi            to Shattered Reality Podcast. He and his wife Dr. Julie Beischel (a    Link
                          Fh6r2I       Adventures in Psi previous guest on SRP) founded the Windbridge Institute. Mark
                                                         started in psychic research by doing scientific research on ghosts in
                                                         the San Fransisco Bay Area. Our conversation wandered through
                                                         several areas of psi research. He is the Managing Editor of
                                                         Threshold: Journal of Interdisciplinary Consciousness Studies, a free,
                                                         online-only, open access, peer-reviewed journal that disseminates
                                                         information focusing on interdisciplinary studies of consciousness as
                                                         it relates to dying, death, and what comes next.
                                                         In his book Visualizing Intention, Mark has created images which are
                                                         evocative of human emotions and intentions. A free PDF of the book
                                                         is available at the Windbridge Institute’s website and the full color
                                                         100 page book is available on Amazon. How does intention affect
                                                         events and machines? Visualization can positively impact the power
                                                         of intention.
                                                         In addition we spoke about Instrumental Trans-Communication (ITC)
                                                         which is using mechanical recording apparatus to capture voices of
                                                         the dead or other non-corporeal beings. Shattered Reality Podcast
                                                         had one of these spontaneous occurrences in episode #45 Tom
                                                         Butler and EVPs. We touched upon anomalous photographs wherein
                                                         orbs or unusual light phenomenon can be seen.


                                                         Rercorded: 4-10-2018


2019 05 02 ShatteredReali https://yout %2365 Laird       Fahrusha was pleased to welcome Laird Scranton to “Shattered          Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/GhpaY Scranton            Reality Podcast” to discuss his work concerning ancient               Link
                          Kl_3vU       Cosmology         cosmologies. He is an independent software designer who became
                                                         interested in Dogon mythology and symbolism in the early 1990s
                                                         through the works of Jerome Clark and Robert Temple. He has
                                                         studied ancient myth, language, and cosmology since 1997 , has
                                                         been a lecturer at Colgate University and has authored eight books
                                                         on the subject . He also appears in the late John Anthony West’s
                                                         Magical Egypt DVD series.

                                                         Recorded: 3-27-2018
2019 03 15 ShatteredReali https://yout %2364 Anthony     Kate Valentine and Fahrusha of "Shattered Reality Podcast" were         Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/uFewG Peake               very happy to welcome Anthony Peake, author of nine widely              Link
                          mI4L5s       Consciousness     acclaimed books on various aspects of non-physical realities (or are
                                                         they?), time and consciousness. We spoke with him primarily about
                                                         his book Opening the Doors of Perception, which is based on the
                                                         Aldous Huxley book The Doors of Perception the title of which
                                                         derives from a passage from a poem by William Blake: : "If the doors
                                                         of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it
                                                         is, infinite.". This brings to mind the image of great thinkers through
                                                         time standing on the shoulders of the one before and building upon
                                                         their knowledge.

                                                         We also touched upon two of his other books Time and the Rose
                                                         Garden: Encountering the Magical in the life and works of J.B.
                                                         Priestley and A Life of Philip K Dick: The Man Who Remembered the
                                                         Future. Both Priestley and Dick explored the subjects of time and
                                                         consciousness in an unorthodox and thought provoking manner.
                                                         We discussed the difficulties of exploring consciousness anomalies
                                                         using the paradigm of the materialistic scientific method. Does
                                                         substantial first person experience data equal proof? Are we just
                                                         meat puppets with accidental biological consciousness or are we
                                                         part of an infinite consciousness which is eternal? Is reality
                                                         holographic and are we living in a simulation? Peake explains this
                                                         through the vocabulary of Gnosticism.
                                                         How can we break through the doors of perception? Humans can
                                                         experience other realities through dreams, schizophrenia,
                                                         psychotropic drugs and other processes. Are these realities any less
2019 01 30 ShatteredReali https://yout %2363 Dr. Julie       l h 4and?Kate
                                                         Fahrusha        O l Valentine
                                                                               i h           h i Dr.
                                                                                         welcome   4 Julie Beischel,
                                                                                                              h       h to
                                                                                                                      Phd.     Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/n2ZxIu Beischel Medium    “Shattered Reality Podcast” to discuss her evidentiary studies into Link
                          0qLPM        Research          mediumship. Dr. Beischel is the co-founder and Director of Research
                                                         at the Windbridge Institute for Applied Research in Human Potential
                                                         and is at the forefront of modern studies into mediumship. Her work
                                                         is part of the movement to shift the paradigm surrounding the
                                                         concept of the brain as seat of consciousness to brain as transceiver
                                                         of consciousness. Currently, part of the Institute has spun off into
                                                         the Windbridge Research Center, whose mission is to ease suffering
                                                         around dying, death, and what comes next, by performing rigorous
                                                         scientific research.

                                                         Note: Tom Butler was our guest who spoke about EVP (Electronic
                                                         Voice Production) in conjunction with messages from the deceased.


2018 12 30 ShatteredReali https://yout %2362 Preston     Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome Preston Dennett to Shattered Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/fnwhC Dennett             Reality Podcast. Preston is the author of twenty books on        Link
                          1xwy44                         paranormal phenomena mostly about UFOs.
                                                         Preston speaks about ordinary Americans who have encounters
                                                         with extraordinary beings in his book INSIDE UFOS.
                                                         We also spoke briefly about another of his books THE CORONADO
                                                         ISLAND UFO INCIDENT. Preston Dennett is currently at work on
                                                         several new books.

                                                         Recorded: 2-13-2018
2018 11 03 ShatteredReali https://yout %2361 Kate and Fahrusha and Kate Valentine talk about shattering reality.              Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/03jON Fahrusha shatter a                                                                       Link
                          e8KWkg       little REALITY   After sixty episodes, Kate and Fahrusha decide to simply talk to each
                                                        other about a variety of paranormal phenomena.

                                                           They discuss their impressions of cryptozoology and why people are
                                                           interested in the paranormal. Fahrusha relates her experience of
                                                           seeing three unusual black butterflies in three unusual places in one
                                                           day. (Note: The stopover was at Dulles airport, not Charlotte.) They
                                                           also discuss Sasquatch and the unfolding story of possible UFO
                                                           disclosure by the “To The Stars Academy”. Kate recollects her prior
                                                           interview with Frank Faschino concerning the Flatwoods Monster.

                                                           The the show's audio engineer mentioned having seen a large bird
                                                           with orange skin and a mammalian face. Fahrusha read a very
                                                           thoughtful letter she had received from listener Freeman about his
                                                           views on alien intelligence. .

                                                           Recorded: 1-19-2018


2018 09 17 ShatteredReali https://yout %2360 Terry Ray     Kate Valentine and Fahrusha, hosts of Shattered Reality Podcast,         Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/_qw1U and the Orange        were pleased to welcome Terry Ray, author of The Complete Story          Link
                          0H8Rd4       Orbs                of the Worldwide Invasion of the Orange Orbs, to discuss his
                                                           theories about these orange orbs and case histories he has
                                                           investigated.

                                                           The show started out with Fahrusha discussing the news of
                                                           purported UFO disclosure revelations by former government
                                                           operatives. This story is ongoing and we plan to keep on top of it.

                                                           Terry Ray was a military pilot, trial lawyer, law professor emeritus
                                                           and is a certified Field Investigator for MUFON. Terry became
                                                           fascinated by the orange orbs after a multiple sighting while on
                                                           vacation in Ocean City, Maryland. His book is divided into 3 sections:
                                                           maps and statistics, case histories and conclusions. He has also
                                                           written an entertaining science fiction novel entitled GXM731 as
                                                           well as other works of fiction. Currently he is working on a new book
                                                           which will explain his work with photographic evidence of the orbs
                                                           and the filters he has used with those photographs.
                                                           In this episode we discuss Terry’s books, his views on the nature of
                                                           the Orange Orbs, the source of the orbs and possible beings
                                                           associated with them. He explains his ideas about the government’s
                                                           role in disclosure versus “the others” apparently attempting to
                                                           acclimatize the general population to seeing anomalous lights and
                                                           craft in the skies of Earth. Overall this episode is thought-provoking
                                                           and simultaneously entertaining, and while Terry’s theories are
                                                           speculative they are well thought out and certainly not impossible.
2018 09 01 ShatteredReali https://yout %2359 Lynne Kelly Lynne Kelly, Ph.D., author of The Memory Code, joined Fahrusha and Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/1Wnk- and The Memory Kate Valentine on Shattered Reality Podcast to discuss memory             Link
                          wUpHs8       Code              devices used by oral cultures from the Stone Age to the present day.
                                                         A native of Australia, she was drawn into this study whilst working
                                                         on her doctorate. What she discovered really surprised her.
                                                         She started by researching Australian Aboriginal songlines. The
                                                         elders of these groups knew all of the plants and animals from
                                                         memory and often generations of lineage back into time. She
                                                         discovered the mechanism by which they accomplished this feat.
                                                         Much of the knowledge was restricted to elders or shamans. They
                                                         would trek to areas that held significance and repeat dances and
                                                         songs which held enormous amounts of related knowledge. There
                                                         were also objects with inscrutable (to the uninitiated) marks which
                                                         held mountains of knowledge and were portable. Preliterate
                                                         cultures around the world used these memory palaces and memory
                                                         devices and some cultures still do. Among those that still employ
                                                         these devices are many Aboriginal groups in Australia, some African
                                                         tribes as well as cultures in Oceana. Memory champions in the
                                                         literate world have learned some of these techniques from writings
                                                         of the ancient Greeks and use them to win contests today. The
                                                         Memory Code gives us amazing insight into the mysteries of ancient
                                                         places like Stonehenge, the Nasca Lines and Easter Island to name a
                                                         few.

                                                          Recorded: 12/05/2017


2018 08 05 ShatteredReali https://yout %2358 Marty        Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome Marty Rosenblatt to              Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/gsMwt Rosenblatt           “Shattered Reality Podcast”. Marty is the founder of the Applied     Link
                          p69k1w       Associative        Precognition Project. "The Applied Precognition Project’s mission is
                                       Remote Viewing     to publicly explore, research and apply logic and intuition/emotion
                                                          to predict future event outcomes, enabling participants to evolve
                                                          personally while contributing to the elevation of global
                                                          consciousness.” APP has several different groups of viewers who
                                                          remotely view different sorts of future events that can generate
                                                          money, such as the stock market or sports events. The APP also has
                                                          several other groups, including the “Sublime” group which focuses
                                                          on remote viewing from the dream state co-ordinated by Nancy
                                                          Smith, a friend of SRP.
                                                          We spoke to Marty about his method of Associative Remote Viewing
                                                          and related scientific concepts such as retro-causation and quantum
                                                          entanglement. He spoke about the basic precepts of ARV. He is very
                                                          conversant in interesting theories about consciousness and shared
                                                          some with us.
                                                          We went on to speak about Hal Puthoff’s participation in Tom
                                                          Delonge’s “To The Stars Academy” and other puzzling conundrums.
                                                          In the Listeners’ Corner we spoke of listener June Ponte’s art show
                                                          and read a selection of the excellent children’s book Imagine If
                                                          Thoughts Were Balloons illustrated by listener Diane Waybright. This
                                                          book demonstrates a very compassionate way to help children to
                                                          choose their thoughts consciously.
                                                          Recorded: 11-14-2017
2018 07 09 ShatteredReali https://yout %2357 John B.   Kate Valentine and Fahrusha were very pleased to welcome Dr. John Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/Zuw8h Alexander Ph.D. - B. Alexander back to "Shattered Reality Podcast" to discuss his new Link
                          REY_bk       Reality Denied  book "Reality Denied, Firsthand Experiences with Things That Can’t
                                                       Happen- But Did." This book recounts many of Alexander’s
                                                       paranormal and anamolous experiences.
                                                       We spoke about UFOs, trans-species communication with dolphins
                                                       and unusual human skills including metal bending.The book is filled
                                                       with fascinating experiences, exotic places visited, and extraordinary
                                                       people met. Dr. Alexander began his career as an Army infantry
                                                       private , rose to Colonel, received a PhD, became a non-lethal
                                                       weapons expert and has delved deeply into shamanism. He calls for
                                                       more research into the nature of consciousness. He fears that
                                                       today’s paradigm of materialism discourages young scientists from
                                                       researching the true nature of consciousness. He encourages more
                                                       open-mindedness in science and hopes that young researchers will
                                                       have the courage to explore areas beyond the soul-crushing confines
                                                       of mechanistic materialism.
                                                       He is the author of a number of other books and articles including
                                                       UFOs: Myths, Conspiracies and Realities and is the recipient of
                                                       awards too numerous to mention.

                                                         Recorded: 10-24-2017


2018 06 08 ShatteredReali https://yout %2356 David       Fahrusha welcomed David Booher, author of No Return, The Gerry Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/pHmYJ Booher Was          Irwin Story, UFO Abduction or Covert Operation? to Shattered           Link
                          DR40rc       Gerry Irwin an    Reality Podcast. Booher has penned an exceptionally well written
                                       Abductee          and researched book on the extraordinary experiences of an Army
                                                         soldier in 1959. Before David Booher did his research, everyone in
                                                         the ufological community thought that Gerry Irwin had completely
                                                         disappeared. Booher found Irwin, alive and reasonably well in his
                                                         native Idaho.
                                                         While on leave from Fort Bliss in 1959, Gerry Irwin saw an
                                                         unidentified falling object in Utah during his drive toward his army
                                                         base in Texas. Thinking it was a plane in the process of crashing he
                                                         left his car by the side of the road and headed into the bush to help.
                                                         He was found by a local sheriff face down in the February snow. He
                                                         subsequently suffered from extreme amnesia and went AWOL on
                                                         two occasions. Those are the bare bones of the story as described in
                                                         1962 by Jim and Coral Lorenzen of APRO. We discussed some of the
                                                         many details the author was able to ferret out.
                                                         In our Listeners Corner, June Ponte, an artist and intuitive from New
                                                         Jersey, tells us of two UFO sightings she experienced in the Garden
                                                         State. Co-incidentally Gerry Irwin had been a Nike missile
                                                         technologist at the time of his initial experience and June Ponte had
                                                         been protesting nuclear power directly before one of her sightings.

                                                         Recorded 10-3-2017
2018 05 21 ShatteredReali https://yout %2355 Dr. Irena   Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcomet Dr. Irena Scott, author of        Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/_VwnG Scott               UFOs Today, 70 Years of Lies, Misinformation and Government            Link
                          Tscex0                         Cover-Up, to “Shattered Reality Podcast”. Her book is a
                                                         compendium of many years of research into UFO phenomena. An
                                                         Ohio native, who has worked for the Defense Intelligence Agency
                                                         and the Battelle Memorial Institute as an image analyst, she has a
                                                         very impressive educational background including a BS from Ohio
                                                         State University, an MS from the University of Nevada, and a PhD
                                                         from the University of Missouri in the Department of Veterinary
                                                         Medicine. Her post-doctoral studies were done at Cornell University.
                                                         She also has been a case investigator for MUFON. Add to that her
                                                         proximity and frequent visits to Wright Patterson Air Force Base,
                                                         which is purportedly where the remains of alien visitors and crashed
                                                         alien craft are taken, and you have the makings of some astonishing
                                                         reports that Dr. Scott got directly from witnesses.
                                                         We explore her impressions of the origins and purposes of those non-
                                                         human intelligences which have been recorded since the dawn of
                                                         time, but more specifically in her book, since the famous Kenneth
                                                         Arnold sighting in 1947. Included in our discussion is the fascinating
                                                         and heretofore under-reported Coyne helicopter case, which is one
                                                         of many such cases featured in her book.
                                                         In our “Listener’s Corner” we feature well-known NYC artist Anthony
                                                         Santuoso who speaks about two family members’ experiences with
                                                         UFOs and and his father’s near death experience. Anthony is a
                                                         painter in the style of Magical Realism, a founding member of the
                                                         seminal co-operative Bowery Gallery in Manhattan, and a current
                                                         instructor in the Fine Arts Department of the Fashion Institute of
2018 05 05 ShatteredReali https://yout %2354 Dr. Roger   Kateh Valentine
                                                                 l        and Fahrusha welcome Dr. Roger D. Nelson of the       Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/0mDJN Nelson and The      Global Consciousness Project to “Shattered Reality Podcast”. Dr.       Link
                          fTYfTw       Global            Nelson has had a lifelong interest in the anomalies of human
                                       Consciousness     consciousness. He was Coordinator of Research at the Princeton
                                       Project           Engineering Anomalies Research (PEAR) laboratory at Princeton
                                                         University from 1980 to 2002.
                                                         The GCP or Global Consciousness Project is an international,
                                                         multidisciplinary collaboration of scientists and engineers which uses
                                                         Random Number Generators (RNGs) or Random Event Generators
                                                         (REGs) to measure changes in the consciousness fields of groups of
                                                         humans across the globe. At the time of this writing they have more
                                                         than 15 years of random data in parallel sequences of synchronized
                                                         200-bit trials generated every second. That is truly amazing!
                                                         We discussed this and various related topics regarding what could
                                                         be termed as micro-PK or small scale psychokinesis, including
                                                         remote influencing. We included a couple of questions from a
                                                         listener.
                                                         Please continue to send us your questions. Future guests are posted
                                                         a few days ahead on our Facebook page.
                                                         At the end of the show, Fahrusha read an account from a friend of
                                                         the show in England, Mr. A. who took photos of a mysterious
                                                         noxious gas cloud that descended upon an English Channel beach,
                                                         Seven Sisters Cliffs, and injured walkers and sunbathers.
                                                         Fahrusha had written a blog piece featuring Dr. Nelson a few years
                                                         ago which can be accessed at
                                                         https://fahrusha.wordpress.com/2015/06/20/annihilation-or-the-
                                                         triumph-of-consciousness/
2018 04 13 ShatteredReali https://yout %2353- Lucina    Kate Valentine and Fahrusha are proud to welcome listener and          Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/ioW0_ Stone              author Lucina Stone to “Shattered Reality Podcast”. She is the         Link
                          nHkrKw                        author of the Daniela Story series of young adult fiction. The first
                                                        book of the series is called Santa Muerte and was inspired by our
                                                        show “Shattered Reality Podcast”, and more specifically by the
                                                        episodes dealing with Mexico. Lucina is an avid listener to our
                                                        podcast. We are elated to have inspired someone to the degree that
                                                        they felt impelled to write a series of books!
                                                        Lucina, from Morris County, New Jersey, was the 2016 winner of
                                                        two awards of the prestigious International Latino Book Awards for
                                                        Best Sci/Fi novel and Best New Author. Santa Muerte- The Daniela
                                                        Story (Story Merchant Books Press, 2016 release) tackles diversity in
                                                        science fiction and fantasy by using folklore and culture. She holds a
                                                        MA in Clinical Counseling and is a Licensed Professional Counselor.
                                                        On this episode we discuss the genesis of this novel. Lucina paid
                                                        attention to her dreams, which gave her some ideas for the novel.
                                                        Her novel is very inclusive giving important roles within it to women,
                                                        Latinas and LGBT people. We here at “Shattered Reality Podcast”
                                                        support inclusivity, especially as we are both women. Much of the
                                                        story is about the relationship between mothers and daughters as
                                                        cultures change through time and country, but there are some
                                                        surprising science fiction plot twists that will amaze the reader.
                                                        Note: Fahrusha mentioned Carlos Castaneda, the Yaqui shaman Don
                                                        Juan, and the female followers of Castaneda, but could not
                                                        remember the name of the one whose books she had read and
                                                        found intriguing. That woman was Florinda Donner, who was
                                                        actually married for Castaneda for a number of years and member
2018 03 30 ShatteredReali https://yout %2352 Brenda      f Valentine
                                                        Kate        l   and hFahrusha were
                                                                                         d d pleased
                                                                                              hi i ltodiwelcome
                                                                                                              l     i h Ab l
                                                                                                                  Brenda       Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/9Uw1a Dunne - the PEAR Dunne lab manager of the PEAR (Princeton Engineering Anomalies Link
                          i3Y9WI       Lab and More   Research) Lab to Shattered Reality Podcast. Fahrusha was lucky to
                                                      meet Brenda Dunne and the late Dr. Robert Jahn at the 2017 SSE
                                                      Symposium at Yale. Brenda Dunne was given the Founder’s Award at
                                                      the Symposium.
                                                      In this episode, Brenda talks in detail about the workings of the PEAR
                                                      Lab, remote viewing, REGs (Random Event Generators) and RNGs
                                                      (Random Number Generators), and what it was like working for
                                                      more than 40 years with Dr. Robert Jahn. She also spoke of the
                                                      beginnings of the SSE. Fahrusha and Kate Valentine are both
                                                      Associate Members. Much of the Lab’s work with the REGs centered
                                                      around getting a statistically significant result from the machine
                                                      when a person or persons concentrated on doing so, or when an
                                                      unusual and emotionally affecting event occurred in the
                                                      environment, locally or worldwide.
                                                      Since the closing of the PEAR Lab, Dunne and Jahn continued their
                                                      work together at the International Consciousness Research
                                                      Laboratories (ICRL). The ICRL publishes books on consciousness
                                                      research. Together, Jahn and Dunne have written five books
                                                      together including Molecular Memories (2015), Quirks of the
                                                      Quantum Mind (2012), Consciousness and the Source of Reality
                                                      (2011), Filters and Reflections: Perspectives on Reality with Zachary
                                                      Jones (2009), and Margins of Reality (1987).
                                                      Fahrusha spoke about a precognitive dream she had about being in
                                                      New Haven directly before the SSE Symposium.
                                                      Brenda Dunne, M.S. holds degrees in psychology and the humanities
                                                      f           d l i    ll   i hi         (     ) d          i
2018 02 08 ShatteredReali https://yout %2351 Dr. Michael Shattered Reality Podcast #51                                         Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/y_3uP Reddy               On July 11, 2017 Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcomed Dr. Michael Link
                          WNOLGY                         J. Reddy to “Shattered Reality Podcast.” We started the show with
                                                         two of the entertaining “Keynoter” songs that Michael has written
                                                         and sung at several professional conferences to help set themes and
                                                         introduce main speakers. They are both about current changing
                                                         paradigms.
                                                         Then we turned to Michael’s practice of Family Constellation Work.
                                                         As he says, “there are two kinds of trauma—the one you experience
                                                         yourself, and the sort you inherit from parents and ancestors who
                                                         could not clear it themselves.” This heritable form of trauma is
                                                         supported increasingly now by epigentics, but it remains present in
                                                         and passes down through a psychic, transgenerational family
                                                         system. He maintains that left over loyalties to unresolved issues in
                                                         your birth family’s past can shape your life for the worse and that
                                                         constellation work clears these. Michael credits the work with saving
                                                         his life in 2008.
                                                         Michael’s book on the subject is Health, Happiness & Family
                                                         Constellations, How Ancestors, Family Systems and Hidden Loyalties
                                                         Shape Your Life and What You Can Do About It.
                                                         Finally we discussed Michael’s 7 year apprenticeship with native and
                                                         mixed blood indigenous teachers from 1986-93. One of these
                                                         teachers was the late Sun Bear, a controversial Ojibwe elder who
                                                         espoused sharing the traditional medicine with all races. Our co-host
                                                         Fahrusha also had an interesting experience with Sun Bear when he
                                                         visited the yoga studio she attended. In shamanic terms, successful
                                                         constellations start to look like divination followed by sympathetic
2018 01 30 ShatteredReali https://yout %2350 Fahrusha Shatteredi      Reality Podcast #50                                      Transcript
            tyPodcast       u.be/C0od6 on Alien Evolution                                                                           Link
                            7Gtje0                        On May 20, 2017, Shattered Reality Podcast travelled to Pine Bush
                                                          NY for the annual UFO Festival. On this special #50 episode,
                                                          Fahrusha presents her thoughts on alien (or extraterrestrial)
                                                          evolution. The fellow asking a few questions is David Biedny, who
                                                          has been a guest on, and a friend of Shattered Reality Podcast. Kate
                                                          Valentine can also be heard in the background. In short, Fahrusha
                                                          asks, “If life is ubiquitous in the physical Universe, might it evolve in
                                                          similar ways when similar elements are present?” Also implicit in
                                                          this question is, “What defines life? Is it consciousness or
                                                          respiration?” These may be impossible questions to answer
                                                          definitively but they are fun and fascinating to ponder.
                                                          This is a short one, only 22 minutes long!
                                                          An article with the same theme can be found on Fahrusha’s blog,
                                                          http://fahrusha.wordpress.com (Extraterrestrial Evolution).

                                                             Recorded:5-20-2017
2018 01 16 ShatteredReali https://yout %2349 Phillip       Kate Valentine and Fahrusha are pleased to welcome Dr. Phillip         Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/_o5Qk Davidson, PhD         Davidson to “Shattered Reality Podcast.” Phil started his work life as Link
                          GZl1Y4                           an IT professional and spent a number of years at a high level job in
                                                           Hong Kong. When he returned to the United Kingdom, he decided to
                                                           retrain and earned a PhD in Psychology. He had a keen interest in
                                                           the nature of consciousness and became a grief counselor.
                                                           Coincidentally, like our last guest, Dr. Milton Wainwright, Phil hails
                                                           from Sheffield, England. Fahrusha had the pleasure of meeting and
                                                           conversing with Phil at a Monroe Institute’s Professional Division
                                                           Seminar.
                                                           Over the years of being a grief counselor he noted how many
                                                           individuals he interacted with were unable to move forward after
                                                           the death of a loved one, particularly if the loved one was a child.
                                                           Phil takes people from the waking state of consciousness to a place
                                                           where they can access their unconscious. EVT is that process.
                                                           Through EVT, Enhanced Visualization Technique, people are able to
                                                           leave their bodies, meet their higher selves, and communicate with
                                                           their departed loved ones. Loss of body image or proprioception is
                                                           key to EVT. With EVT one can stay conscious during the entire
                                                           experience of exploration of the unconsciousness.
                                                           Dr. Davidson specializes in using his technique with grieving people,
                                                           but psychonaut explorers can greatly benefit from EVT as well. With
                                                           EVT the grieving individual can learn to communicate with the
                                                           departed loved one at will and without the services of a medium.
                                                           We at “Shattered Reality Podcast” like the idea of this method
                                                           because it appears to bridge the gap between a person’s
                                                           unconscious and the One that is all individual consciousnesses. We
2017 12 20 ShatteredReali https://yout %2348 Professor           l    h
                                                           Kate Valentine             l d V b
                                                                           and Fahrusha                ld     i l lik   d         Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/ET7fv8 Milton Wainwright                                                                       Link
                          m8nNI        - Panspermia     Kate Valentine and Fahrusha are proud to present Professor Milton
                                                        Wainwright, Ph.D. of Sheffield University who has done remarkable
                                                        experiments concerning the theory of panspermia. Panspermia is an
                                                        age old concept which had new life breathed into it by astronomer
                                                        Sir Fred Hoyle and cosmologist Chandra Wickaramasinghe.
                                                        According to Wikipedia, panspermia is the hypothesis that life exists
                                                        throughout the Universe, distributed by meteoroids, asteroids,
                                                        comets, planetoids, and also by spacecraft in the form of unintended
                                                        contamination by microorganisms. Neopanspermia is the
                                                        proposition that it is happening currently as well. This is not to be
                                                        confused with panpsychism which proposes that everything in the
                                                        Universe is conscious on some level.
                                                        Professor Wainwright has done some very amazing experiments
                                                        discovering life forms in the upper atmosphere (25+ miles up) that
                                                        are heretofore unknown on Earth and rather too heavy to have
                                                        floated up from the surface. He has devised an ingenious method to
                                                        prevent contamination. He and his graduate students have analyzed
                                                        his findings with two types of electron microscopes and are
                                                        currently hoping to find some scientists around the world to
                                                        replicate his experiments. Interestingly, physicist Stephen Hawking
                                                        has mentioned panspermia as the possible way that life has been
                                                        spread across the Universe.
                                                        Professor Wainwright can be reached by visiting his website
                                                        miltonwainwright.com/contact/.

                                                                d d /     /
2017 12 04 ShatteredReali https://yout %2347 Leslie Kean Shattered Reality Podcast #47                                         Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/n97hX Surviving Death     Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome Leslie Kean, author of both Link
                          WmCiog                         Surviving Death: A Journalist Investigates Evidence For An Afterlife
                                                         and UFOs: Generals, Pilots and Government Officials Go on the
                                                         Record, to Shattered Reality Podcast. We have a lively discussion
                                                         about the implications of phenomena which suggest survival of
                                                         individual consciousness after death.
                                                         Kean’s new book surveys parapsychological studies of a variety of
                                                         classes of evidential experiences and introduces the reader to Kean’s
                                                         own personal search for answers to the puzzle of whether
                                                         consciousness survives death. There are chapters within the book
                                                         authored by a variety of credible researchers who are tops in their
                                                         fields. Topics include the past life experiences of young children,
                                                         near death experiences (NDEs), end of life experiences, and
                                                         experiences with mediums of various sorts.


                                                           Recorded: 4-25-2017


2017 11 04 ShatteredReali https://yout %2346 Tom           Shattered Reality Podcast #46                                            Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/EZeNE Conwell               Kate Valentine and Fahrusha are proud to welcome Tom Conwell,            Link
                          RXTghE                           author, UFO statistics analyst and paranormal investigator to
                                                           Shattered Reality Podcast.
                                                           Tom has wide-ranging expertise in physics, computer and internet
                                                           software and a broad knowledge of electronics and how it intersects
                                                           with the paranormal world and UFO’s.
                                                           Together we had a lively discussion about his collection of UFO
                                                           statistics of U.S. states. He has taken a special interest in the number
                                                           of sightings around nuclear power plants. He has written two books
                                                           on the subject of UFOs and is working on a third. They are entitled
                                                           THEY Are Here: East Coast UFOs Volume One and THEY Are Here:
                                                           Central UFOs Volume Two.
                                                           Tom Conwell, has been an Electronic Technician with the US Navy
                                                           and Honeywell, Inc. for 42 years, a Honeywell Temperature Control,
                                                           Fire Alarm and Security Software Specialist, Biomedical Engineer,,
                                                           Meteorologist, HVAC Engineering resource and is Fire Alarm Level II
                                                           Certified.
                                                           Recorded: 3/21/17
2017 10 19 ShatteredReali https://yout %2345 Tom Butler Shattered Reality Podcast #45                                       Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/GZi0bk and EVPs                                                                              Link
                          I2mvo                         Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome Tom Butler, expert on the
                                                        EVP phenomena and author of Your Immortal Self: Exploring the
                                                        Mindful Way. EVP stands for Electronic Voice Phenomena. The
                                                        practice of using electronics to record the voices of entities was
                                                        brought to the public eye by Latvian writer and parapsychologist
                                                        Konstantīns Raudive and Swedish painter and film producer
                                                        Friedrich Jürgenson.
                                                        Tom and his wife Lisa Butler manage the A Trans C which stands for
                                                        Association TransCommunication. The organization was started by
                                                        the late Sarah Estep in 1982 as the American Association of
                                                        Electronic Voice Phenomena (AA-EVP). Her objective was to
                                                        “provide objective evidence that we survive physical death in our
                                                        individual conscious state.” Tom Butler explains the basics of the
                                                        EVP phenomena and links it to his understanding of human
                                                        consciousness.
                                                        We got a huge surprise when we bid Tom good-bye and were
                                                        wrapping up the show. Suddenly on Kate’s track only we recorded
                                                        an EVP. Kate and Fahrusha and our audio engineer, Bill, were all in
                                                        the same room in plain sight of one another. We were totally
                                                        surprised and flummoxed. You can hear it on the podcast after we
                                                        hung up with Tom.

                                                          We were all baffled. Here is what Tom had to say when we
                                                          forwarded the clip to him:
                                                          “Lisa and I agree that it does sound like a voice and assuming it was
2017 09 28 ShatteredReali https://yout %2344 Dr. Penny           i f
                                                          Kate Valentine   h Fahrusha
                                                                          and         i fi welcome Dr. Penny
                                                                                                        i    fSartori,
                                                                                                                V A authorh of   Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/R-      Sartori and the    The Wisdom of Near Death Experiences. Dr. Sartori has been trained Link
                          26xKiZp9g Near Death            as a nurse and worked in the Intensive Therapy Unit at hospitals in
                                       Experience         Wales, UK for twenty years. During her time as a nurse she was
                                                          fascinated by the death-bed experiences of patients and the near
                                                          death experiences that some had. She was so intensely interested
                                                          that she earned a Ph.D. in Near Death Studies. She teaches two
                                                          original courses at Swansea University on the treatment of ITU
                                                          patients and their spirituality.
                                                          In addition, Dr. Sartori has collected many accounts from people
                                                          who have divulged their near death experiences to her. The
                                                          experiences are varied but many have some attributes which are
                                                          very similar. She is currently working on another book with a near
                                                          death experiencer named Kelly Walsh about the transformative
                                                          aspect of NDEs around the world. She has found that those patients
                                                          who have had a positive near death experience are no longer afraid
                                                          to die.
                                                          In this episode’s Listener Segment, Despina added a miraculous
                                                          experience she had on a Greek Island where she made a pilgrimage
                                                          to the church of a local saint. She walked thirty miles in one day and
                                                          had a mystical adventure.


                                                          Recorded: 2/25/17
2017 09 01 ShatteredReali https://yout %2343 Rey            Shattered Reality Podcast #43                                              Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/scvpGo Hernandez             Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome Rey Hernandez co-founder of Link
                          MigQE                             FREE: The Dr. Edgar Mitchell Foundation for Research into
                                                            Extraterrestrial Encounters. He gives us an overview of his many
                                                            amazing UFO contact experiences. He also speaks about the mission
                                                            of FREE, which is deeply involved with the role of consciousness in
                                                            paranormal experiences. There are many consciousness researchers
                                                            and abduction experts on the Board of FREE including former
                                                            podcast guests Kathleen Marden and Dr. Claude Swanson. The
                                                            cofounders include Dr. Rudy Schild, the late Dr. Edgar Mitchell, and
                                                            our former guest, Mary Rodwell.
                                                            FREE invites you to take a survey on UFO encounters on their
                                                            homepage.
                                                            In addition, one of our listeners, Gerry, tells us all about an intriguing
                                                            paranormal dream experience she had a few years ago.
                                                            Lastly, Fahrusha reveals how she and one of her clients have been
                                                            dreaming uncannily similar dreams.
                                                            Originally Air Date: 01/31/2017


2017 08 10 ShatteredReali https://yout %2342 Psychic   Shattered Reality Podcast #42                                            Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/MBD0 Experiences of Psi In this podcast episode #42, Kate Valentine and Fahrusha speak to Link
                          h7TpHvM Explorers            two Psi Explorers and one listener about their personal psychic
                                                       experiences.
                                                       First up is Russell Targ, formerly of the Stanford Research Institute,
                                                       and one of the originators of remote viewing. His two stories of his
                                                       own precognitive dreams are thought-provoking. He emphasizes
                                                       that psychic dreams and other psi phenomena are normal and these
                                                       experiences can be had by anyone. We just need to be attentive to
                                                       them.
                                                       Russell Targ’s latest book The of Reality of ESP, A Physicist’s Proof of
                                                       Psychic Abilities is an excellent book explaining several different but
                                                       related psi abilities and substantial examples from his professional
                                                       experience. A trailer for his movie about the history of the US
                                                       government’s Remote Viewing program and his participation in it
                                                       can be seen at the website thirdeyespies.com.
                                                       Next up is Dr. Michael Grosso who tells two stories from his own
                                                       collection of personal psychic experiences. The first is the story of a
                                                       beautiful Christmas miracle (I can’t tell you more because that
                                                       would be a spoiler) and the second is a precognitive dream he had as
                                                       a child. His most recent book is The Man Who Could Fly: St. Joseph
                                                       of Copertino and the Mystery of Levitation.
                                                       Listener Peter completes this episode with a very strange ghostly
                                                       experience he had at the illustrious old Hotel Del Coronado in
                                                       California in the early 1990’s.
                                                       Notes: During the episode Fahrusha mentioned an opinion piece on
                                                       her blog which was reprinted by George Filer on Filer’s Files. We
                                                                  h k         f if f     l      i i i h          i l i   ll d
2017 07 14 ShatteredReali https://yout %2341 Alan            Shattered Reality Podcast #41                                        Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/MPKm Steinfeld                Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome New Realities founder Alan       Link
                          XZpaE9g                            Steinfeld to Shattered Reality Podcast. Our discussion is very wide-
                                                             ranging and very conversational. We talk about a trip that Alan
                                                             organized and Fahrusha and a group of merry seekers made to
                                                             Damanhur, the intentional community in Northern Italy, which
                                                             focuses on ecology, art and spirituality. We move on to ET
                                                             experiences and the significance of the experience to the individual
                                                             and to society. Is there the possibility of disclosure? Are ET
                                                             experiences transcendent? Negative? The same as spiritual
                                                             experiences? We probe these questions a bit.
                                                             Together we do get into ideas and concepts where we voice opinions
                                                             and hash it out. It was necessary to clarify terms so that we knew
                                                             precisely about what we were speaking. It was edifying to note,
                                                             though we might use different terms we were overwhelmingly on
                                                             the same page.

                                                             Recorded: 12/06/16

2017 07 04 ShatteredReali https://yout %2340 Ardy          Shattered Reality Podcast #40                                           Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/9st_Z6 Sixkiller Clarke and Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome Dr. Ardy Sixkiller Clarke to        Link
                          a4FhM        the Star People     Shattered Reality Podcast. She has written three books on American
                                                           Indians and their experiences with Star People and Sky People. They
                                                           are "Encounters With Star People: Untold Stories of American
                                                           Indians", "Sky People: Untold Stories of Alien Encounters in
                                                           Mesoamerica" and "More Encounters with Star People: Urban
                                                           American Indians Tell Their Stories". She is also the author of twelve
                                                           charming children’s’ books and the best-selling academic text:
                                                           "Sisters in the Blood: The Education of Women in Native America".
                                                           It was a pleasure to speak with Dr. Clark about the many
                                                           experiences she has personally chronicled through direct meetings
                                                           with American Indians of many different tribes. Star People are part
                                                           of the oral history of many indigenous peoples in North America and
                                                           around the world. Those who are interested in ufology from a Euro-
                                                           Centric point of view would be well advised to consider a slightly
                                                           different perspective. It is fascinating how the actual experiences are
                                                           quite similar but sometimes the experiencer’s frame of reference
                                                           and cultural context molds what he or she takes away from the
                                                           contact with the Star People.

                                                             Recorded: 11/08/16
2017 04 23 ShatteredReali https://yout %2339 - Dr.      Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome Dr. Claude Swanson to                Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/Ciq53z Claude Swanson,   “Shattered Reality Podcast”. He discusses a number of fascinating        Link
                          eRNLw        PHYSICS OF       phenomena that are not explainable by Western physics and posits
                                       CONSCIOUSNESS    an alternative theory of subtle energy and torsion. Some of the
                                                        included topics were time travel, remote viewing, UFOs,
                                                        psychokinesis, out of body experiences and more; all in the context
                                                        of a different picture of physics.

                                                        We could have talked to Dr. Swanson for two days straight and still
                                                        have more topics to cover. Dr. Swanson’s books are The
                                                        Synchronized Universe: New Science of the Paranormal and Life
                                                        Force: The Scientific Basis. He is writing a third volume centering on
                                                        the physics of the soul and the afterlife. His website is
                                                        http://synchronizeduniverse.com.

                                                        Dr. Swanson grew up in Virginia. He studied physics at M.I.T. and
                                                        went on to get his Ph.D. at Princeton, working with physicist Robert
                                                        Dicke. He did post graduate work at both Princeton and Cornell.
                                                        Later he formed his own consulting firm and worked on applied
                                                        physics projects for a number of corporate and government entities.

                                                        Recorded: 11/01/16


2017 03 02 ShatteredReali https://yout %2338 Eva Herr   Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome Eva Herr Eva Herr is a student Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/S_vBn                    of consciousness.                                                  Link
                          70W3ow                        Eva had a radio program for a number of years called ‘The Infinite
                                                        Consciousness” on BBS Radio. She interviewed experts in
                                                        consciousness who were philosophers and physicists and the like.
                                                        She took her most impressive interviews, made transcripts and
                                                        created a book called Consciousness: Bridging the Gap Between
                                                        Conventional Science and the New Super Science of Quantum
                                                        Mechanics from Rainbow Ridge Books. Eva Herr has also authored
                                                        another book called Agape.


                                                        Recorded: 10/11/16
2017 02 09 ShatteredReali https://yout %2337 Robert    Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome Robert Hastings, researcher Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/9pebR Hastings UFOs and of incursions by UFOs into nuclear weapons storage facilities, to     Link
                          5-pwVU       Nukes           Shattered Reality Podcast. One of the biggest threats to humanity
                                                       and the planet is the possibility of the explosion of nuclear weapons
                                                       on the Earth or in the atmosphere. Since the dawn of the nuclear
                                                       age in the late 1940s, UFOs have been observed in conjunction with
                                                       nuclear tests, nuclear research facilities and nuclear missile silos.
                                                       This situation continues to the current day.

                                                        Robert Hastings has been faithfully documenting this phenomena for
                                                        more than three decades. In many cases the UFOs apparently took
                                                        the missiles off line rendering them unable to be fired. In a few cases
                                                        there were nuclear weapons put into the firing mode causing panic.
                                                        While Hastings’ research is largely centered in the US, there is
                                                        documented evidence of incursions by UFOs happening at Russian
                                                        missile sites as well.

                                                        Robert Hastings’ 48-minute documentary film, UFOs and Nukes: The
                                                        Secret Link Revealed, is available at
                                                        www.vimeo.com/ondemand/ufosandnukes.

                                                        His book, UFOs and Nukes: Extraordinary Encounters at Nuclear
                                                        Weapons Sites, is available ONLY at www.ufohastings.com/book for
                                                        $24.95.

                                                        To contact Robert Hastings if you are a witness to a UFO at a military
                                                        site (only) is : ufohastings@aol.com
2017 01 19 ShatteredReali https://yout %2336 Lisette    Kate Valentine and Fahrusha warmly welcome Lisette Larkins,            Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/Qq3ZB Larkins            experiencer extraordinare and prolific author, to Shattered Reality Link
                          J91YGE                        Podcast. Her alien encounters are numerous and filled with wise
                                                        advice for those on Earth-plane.
                                                        Here at Shattered Reality we believe in giving our guests the podium
                                                        to express themselves and relate their experiences. We do not
                                                        criticize the experiences of others that we believe to be expressed
                                                        honestly from the heart. So kindly suspend disbelief when listening
                                                        to the real life experiences of a very nice fellow human being. She
                                                        has come out of these experiences with a great amount of wisdom
                                                        which rivals many a sage.
                                                        Greatly of interest to Fahrusha in Lisette’s account are the paralysis
                                                        and electrical “voltage” which precedes the alien communication
                                                        which Fahrusha has also experienced. See the following:
                                                        https://fahrusha.wordpress.com/2010/02/27/sleep-paralysis-
                                                        vibrations-spiritual-revelation-and-alien-abduction-or-getting-out-of-
                                                        4d/
                                                        Lisette Larkins is the author of five books, the latest of which is
                                                        Above and Beyond, the Incredible True Story of Extraterrestrial
                                                        Contact.

                                                        Recorded: 9/13/16
2017 01 11 ShatteredReali https://yout %2335 Stanley     “Shattered Reality Podcast” is delighted to present Dr. Stanley        Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/XROqB Krippner, Ph.D,     Krippner who speaks to Fahrusha and Kate Valentine about his           Link
                          g5mF2s       Parapsychologist. studies in parapsychology. He has written and co-written a very
                                                         impressive list of books and professional psychological papers.
                                                         We cover some of his work in dream studies. Beginning with his
                                                         dream telepathy research with Montague Ullman and at the Dream
                                                         Lab at Maimonides Medical Center in Brooklyn and continuing with
                                                         his work today with an amazing female dreamer in Arizona, Dr. Stan
                                                         gives wonderful examples of powerfully psychic dreams that will
                                                         stimulate you to journal your sleeping adventures for further
                                                         contemplation.
                                                         Dr. Krippner also discusses some of his shamanic studies and his long
                                                         term friendship with Rolling Thunder, a colorful Native American
                                                         shaman and cultural icon. He wrote a book about this called The
                                                         Voice of Rolling Thunder with Sidian Morningstar Jones.
                                                         Dr. Stanley Krippner’s website can be accessed for a list of his books
                                                         and articles to read and more.

                                                            Recorded: 7/26/16


2016 12 21 ShatteredReali https://yout %2334 Russell        Shattered Reality Podcast #34                                         Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/SkXloB Targ and Remote       Russell Targ, renowned physicist and author, joins Kate Valentine     Link
                          iDeIU        Viewing              and Fahrusha for an amazing conversation about remote viewing.
                                                            This episode is a MUST listen. Shattered Reality Podcast is honored
                                                            to present this psychic pioneer and his fascinating story about his
                                                            seminal work in remote viewing as a contractor for several
                                                            clandestine alphabet agencies.
                                                            Targ is the author of nine books. His latest The Reality of ESP: A
                                                            Physicist’s Proof of Psychic Abilities he feels is most complete,
                                                            partially due to the fact that he was able to include both photos and
                                                            information that were previously classified. He is also the producer
                                                            of a new film titled Third Eye Spies which is due for release at the
                                                            end of the year. Fahrusha has seen two iterations of the film in
                                                            progress and hails it as an important historical document and a
                                                            gripping narrative of psychic espionage. The award-winning director
                                                            of the film is Lance Mungia.

                                                            One quote from the movie’s home page sums up Russell Targ’s
                                                            point of view about remote viewing, “The CIA, NSA and DIA used it,
                                                            your tax dollars paid for it, and now you deserve to know about it.”
                                                            Recorded: 7/12/16
2016 12 04 ShatteredReali https://yout %2333 C.M.        Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome award-winning author C.M. Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/wUdI0 Mayo, Spiritism     Mayo to “Shattered Reality Podcast” to discuss the role of Spiritism Link
                          hNh1Mg       and the 1910      in the 1910 Mexican Revolution and related topics. Francisco I.
                                       Mexican           Madero who briefly became the President of Mexico was a devout
                                       Revolution        Spiritist. He was also a leader of the 1910 Mexican Revolution.
                                                         Mayo’s book, Metaphysical Odyssey into the Mexican Revolution:
                                                         Francisco I. Madero and his secret book Spiritist Manual, is actually
                                                         two books in one. The first part is a well researched examination of
                                                         Francisco I. Madero’s Involvement with Spiritism (an offshoot of
                                                         Spirtualism with some unusual twists) and its effect on the Mexican
                                                         Revolution and thereby the history of Mexico. It also chronicles C.M.
                                                         Mayo’s journey to understanding the very complex network of
                                                         interrelationships between the players and philosophies responsible
                                                         for the Mexican Revolution.
                                                         The second book within a book is C.M. Mayo’s painstaking
                                                         translation of Madero’s Spiritist Manual which he wrote under the
                                                         nom de plume “Bhîma”. It is an interesting look inside the mind of
                                                         one of Mexico’s most famous leaders from a metaphysical
                                                         perspective.
                                                         We think students of history as well as those interested in the
                                                         paranormal will find this episode fascinating.
                                                         Errata: The 2016 SSE Symposium happened in Boulder, CO not
                                                         Denver.

                                                         Recorded: 6/28/16


2016 11 28 ShatteredReali https://yout %2332 Ron Felber Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome author Ron Felber to discuss Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/9JHRg and Big Al         his latest book Dark Angel, a fictional account of murder and          Link
                          XRvJyo       Santariga        mayhem under the secrecy of dark projects of the government. It
                                                        required him to research DARPA (an acronym for Defense Advanced
                                                        Research Projects Agency). He also speculates on whether Josef
                                                        Mengele has any relationship to today’s genetic research into
                                                        producing super soldiers. His title Dark Angel directly corresponds to
                                                        Mengele’s epithet “Angel of Death”.

                                                         Our second guest, Big Al Santariga of the Bronxville Paranormal
                                                         Society, reviews several of his UFO sightings with Kate and Fahrusha.
                                                         We also pose the question as to why some people are multiple
                                                         experiencers and others are non-experiencers.

                                                         Production Note: Here at “Shattered Reality Podcast” we had a small
                                                         production glitch, in that Kate and Fahrusha both heard a delayed
                                                         echo of their own voices while recording, so please excuse their slow
                                                         speech patterns. We are working to correct the problem so it won’t
                                                         happen again. Thanks for your understanding.

                                                         Recorded: 6/7/16
2016 11 10 ShatteredReali https://yout %2331 Rosalyn       Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome Dr. Rosalyn Berne, horse            Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/898H4 Berne                 whisperer. Rosalyn Berne’s life has been filled with mystical           Link
                          r8CVZk                           experiences throughout, but by far her most unusual gift to date has
                                                           been her ability to communicate with horses. She is in fact a genuine
                                                           horse whisperer.
                                                           Kate Valentine and Fahrusha, both animal lovers and communicators
                                                           themselves, were pleased to be able to speak to Rosalyn Berne
                                                           about her unusual gift. What makes Rosalyn different from other
                                                           animal communicators is her unique ability, on occasion, to elicit
                                                           complex and abstract thoughts from her equine companions. Most
                                                           good animal communicators are able to understand the creature
                                                           with whom they are interfacing well enough to determine the
                                                           creature’s feelings, needs, likes and dislikes, and their traumas and
                                                           illnesses. Receiving abstract thoughts about other subjects is highly
                                                           unusual.
                                                           Something that I (Fahrusha) forgot to mention during the podcast is
                                                           that the word for little horse in Schwitzer Deutsch (Swiss German) is
                                                           Rösli and the name Roselind refers not to roses in its derivation but
                                                           to being a horse woman. Coincidence?
                                                           Berne is the author of four books and is working on a fifth. Her two
                                                           published works on her mystical life and her equine communication
                                                           abilities are Waking to Beauty: Encounters with Remarkable Beings
                                                           (2016) and When the Horses Whisper (2014). In addition Dr. Berne is
                                                           a professor in the field of Science, Technology, & Society (STS) at the
                                                           University of Virginia.

                                                           Recorded: 5-31-2016
2016 10 22 ShatteredReali https://yout %2330 Andrew    Shattered Reality Podcast #30                                           Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/zU0u- Chesnut and Santa                                                                         Link
                          XCULy0       Muerte          Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome Andrew Chesnut, author of
                                                       Devoted to Death, Santa Muerte, the Skeleton Saint, for this
                                                       thirtieth episode of Shattered Reality Podcast. He is the Bishop
                                                       Walter F. Sullivan Chair in Catholic Studies and Professor of Religious
                                                       Studies at Virginia Commonwealth University School of World
                                                       Studies.
                                                       The worship of Santa Muerte is the fastest growing sect in the
                                                       Western Hemisphere. Santa Muerte can be considered to be a
                                                       religious syncretism between the Spanish European Grim Reaperess
                                                       and the the death diety of the Aztec goddess, Mictecacihuatl. She is
                                                       widely worshipped by the very poor, drug dealers, prison guards,
                                                       and the lovelorn. Devotees believe the Bony Lady to be the fastest
                                                       and most efficacious miracle worker.
                                                       We also compare Santa Muerte to other folk saints both in the
                                                       Americas and Europe and discuss the commonalties and differences
                                                       as well as religious trends.
                                                       Recorded: 5/10/16
2016 09 28 ShatteredReali https://yout %2329 Stephen      Shattered Reality Podcast #20                                           Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/iedas7J Braude             Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome Stephen Braude, expert on           Link
                          Z81E                            psychokinesis. Stephen Braude is very accomplished. He is an
                                                          Emeritus Professor of philosophy and former chair of the
                                                          department at the university of Maryland, Baltimore. Currently he is
                                                          the Editor in Chief of the Journal of Scientific Exploration and a past
                                                          president of the Parapsychological Association. He is the author of
                                                          six books and more than 60 essays, and the recipient of numerous
                                                          awards, grants and fellowships.
                                                          In this episode, we speak about his book The Gold Leaf Lady, and to
                                                          a lesser degree about The Limits of Influence and Immortal Remains.
                                                          The story of Katy, the Gold Leaf Lady, is a fascinating account which
                                                          Stephen Braude shares with us. We hope to speak to him again
                                                          about more of his work.

                                                          Recorded:04/26/16

2016 09 16 ShatteredReali https://yout %2328 Mary         Shattered Reality Podcast #28                                        Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/GGgUB Rodwell of the       Mary Rodwell of the Australian Close Resource Encounter Network Link
                          emTK6c       Australian Close   joined Kate Valentine and Fahrusha for a fascinating discussion
                                       Resource           about the meaning and effects of alien communication. She has
                                       Encounter          interviewed thousands of experiencers and believes that each
                                       Network            individual is the final expert on their own experience with the
                                                          “others”, whether they be extraterrestrial, spiritual, or inter-
                                                          dimensional beings. She also has an avid interest in the new
                                                          generation of children who are experiencers. She has written a book,
                                                          Awakening, How Extraterrestrial Contact Can Transform Your Life.
                                                          During the podcast we also hear from Diane, a listener, who had an
                                                          experience of instantaneous teleportation.
                                                          Recorded: 03/29/16


2016 09 04 ShatteredReali https://yout %2327 - Dr.        Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome philosopher and author Dr.        Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/RloYH Michael Grosso       Michael Grosso to "Shattered Reality Podcast". Levitation,            Link
                          Ry5hl0       and The Man        particularly unaided human flight, has been a fascination of many
                                       Who Could Fly      individuals since the advent of human history. In this episode of
                                                          “Shattered Reality Podcast”, Kate Valentine and Fahrusha seek to
                                                          uncover information about the secrets and reality of this ever
                                                          mysterious, ever elusive ability, with the able help of Dr. Michael
                                                          Grosso, author of The Man Who Could Fly.
                                                          St. Joseph of Copertino, the subject of the book, was an uneducated
                                                          and poor man who lived in the 17th Century in Italy. He became a
                                                          Franciscan friar and during the course of his devotions experienced
                                                          spiritual ecstasy causing him to levitate. This levitation was beyond
                                                          his control. It was witnessed by thousands of people during his
                                                          lifetime and happened hundreds of times in different locations
                                                          around southern Italy.
                                                          Dr. Michael Grosso has taught humanities and philosophy at
                                                          Marymount Manhattan College, City University of New York, and
                                                          New Jersey City University. He is affiliated with the Division of
                                                          Perceptual Studies at the University of Virginia. His other books
                                                          include The Final Choice: Playing the Survival Game (1985); Frontiers
                                                          of the Soul: Exploring Psychic Evolution (1992), The Millennium
                                                          Myth: Love and Death at the End of Time (1995), Soulmaking:
                                                          Uncommon Paths to Self-Understanding (1997), and Experiencing
                                                          the Next World Now (2004). Shattered Reality Podcast #27

                                                          Recorded: 3/1/16
2016 08 08 ShatteredReali https://yout %2326 Ryan Hurd Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome dream expert Ryan Hurd to Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/YuDM                    "Shattered Reality Podcast". We discuss the mysteries of sleep        Link
                          8T1H1uk                      paralysis, hypnogogic visions, recurrent dreams and lucid dreaming.
                                                       You can learn more about encouraging dream remembrances and
                                                       lucid dreaming. Do “others” visit you during your sleep or during
                                                       sleep paralysis? Can you be telepathic during dreams?
                                                       Ryan Hurd is the author of a number of books including: "Dream Like
                                                       A Boss", "Big Dreams, Lucid Immersion Guidebook", "Sleep Paralysis:
                                                       A Guide to Hypnagogic Visions and Visitors of the Night". He also co-
                                                       edited, with Kelly Bulkeley, the two volume reference edition "Lucid
                                                       Dreaming: New Perspectives on Consciousness in Sleep".

                                                          Recorded: 1/12/16


2016 07 22 ShatteredReali https://yout %2325 - Michael   Shattered Reality Podcast #25                                         Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/islVLU Peter Langevin     Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome Michael Peter Langevin, an        Link
                          bbtYE                          expert in South American Shamanism and former publisher of
                                                         "Magical Blend Magazine". He is the author of three books, "Spiritual
                                                         Business", "Secrets of the Ancient Incas", and "Secrets of the
                                                         Amazon Shamans".
                                                         We cover there significance of Groundhog’s Day, the meaning of
                                                         Shamanism, herbal medicines, symbolic practices, and bringing
                                                         Shamanism into your daily life through mindful traditions. Michael
                                                         Peter Langevin tells us of how he entered this field through his
                                                         family history and business of undertaking and his first trip to
                                                         Macchu Picchu. The importance of Nature and its creatures is
                                                         discussed as is the use of hallucinogenic plants and trance states.

                                                         Recorded: 02/02/16

2016 07 12 ShatteredReali https://yout %2324 - Kathleen Shattered Reality Podcast #24                                      Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/zVOYn Marden             Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome Kathleen Marden, co-author Link
                          Dx0X6k                        with Stanton Friedman of "Captured, The Betty and Barney Hill UFO
                                                        Experience" and co-author with Denise Stoner of "The Alien
                                                        Abduction Files". She was the recipient of MUFON's 2012 "Ufologist
                                                        of the Year" Award. Currently Kathleen Marden heads MUFON's
                                                        experiencer investigations.

                                                         Recorded: 01/19/16


2016 05 30 ShatteredReali https://yout %2323 - Guy       Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome Dr. Guy McPherson Professor Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/q_1Q McPherson            Emeritus of the University of Arizona to "Shattered Reality Podcast'. Link
                          msEm3XM                        Dr. McPherson, a conservation biologist, maintains that the Earth is
                                                         on the brink of an extinction event that would include homo sapiens.
                                                         Abrupt climate change seems inevitable. At the end of the episode
                                                         we recount Adrianna's two episodes of bi-location.
                                                         "If you really think the environment is less important than the
                                                         economy, try counting your money while holding your breath."~Guy
                                                         McPherson.
                                                          Recorded: 1/12/16
2016 05 05 ShatteredReali https://yout %2322 - PMH      Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome author and NDE experiencer Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/cCvRZd Atwater the near and researcher P.M.H. Atwater to "Shattered Reality Podcast". She is Link
                          F_0yk        death experience a prolific author on a number of mystical subjects but this interview
                                                        focuses on NDEs, the near death experience and her book, "Near
                                                        Death Experiences, The Rest of the Story". What different types of
                                                        NDEs are there? What after effects do people experience after their
                                                        NDEs?

                                                            Recorded: 12/01/15


2016 04 21 ShatteredReali https://yout %2321 - Todd    Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome a man of many unusual                 Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/ojTp4I Robbins and True talents, Todd Robbins, host of Investigation Discovery Channel's          Link
                          oPD7w        Nightmares      "True Nightmares". This is a new TV program featuring bizarre but
                                                       true stories that could definitely keep you up at night due to their
                                                       uncanny and grisly nature. Todd was also the co-author of the Off-
                                                       Broadway hit show "Play Dead."

                                                            Recorded: 11/04/15


2016 04 13 ShatteredReali https://yout %2320 - Greg         Shattered Reality Podcast #20                                         Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/oWbJ_ Bishop Project         Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome Greg Bishop, author of            Link
                          Jhj-24       Beta, the Story of   "Project Beta: The Story of Paul Bennewitz, National Security and
                                       Paul Bennewitz       the Creation of a Modern UFO Myth". Paul Bennewitz's life was
                                                            destroyed by a government campaign of disinformation. Greg
                                                            Bishop, the author, is a veritable treasure trove of UFO theories and
                                                            information.

                                                            Recorded: 11/03/15


2016 04 05 ShatteredReali https://yout %2317 - Ken          Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome MUFON's Ken Pfeifer and          Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/dsf3e1 Pfeifer Australian    listener Roxan to Shattered Reality Podcast #17. Ken discusses the   Link
                          h_11I        UFOs and listener    very active Australian UFO scene. Listener Roxan shares some true
                                       Roxan Man in         experiences with a very unusual man in black.
                                       Black
                                                            Recorded: 9/15/15
2016 03 01 ShatteredReali https://yout %2319 - Tom         Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome former NASA physicist and        Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/hfEZSj Campbell and his author Tom Campbell to "Shattered Reality Podcast". We discuss his Link
                          BYYHo        Big Theory of       trilogy "My Big T.O.E." (Theory of Everything). Are we living in a a
                                       Everything (T.O.E.) digital matrix? What is the nature of consciousness? Campbell is a
                                                           psychonaut who has attempted to unify philosophy, physics and
                                                           metaphysics through his extraordinary experiences in inner space.
                                                           Shattered Reality Podcast #19

                                                            Recorded: 10/20/15


2016 02 22 ShatteredReali https://yout %2318 - Ron          Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome popular author Ron Felber to Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/EKWac Felber and the         "Shattered Reality Podcast". We discuss his book "The Mohave            Link
                          hvSvTg       Mohave Incident      Incident", a chilling and true tale of alien abduction experienced by a
                                                            couple in the western United States. These two individuals were
                                                            analyzed by two separate well known mental health professionals
                                                            who could find no other rational explanation for their harrowing
                                                            experiences.

                                                            Recorded: 10/06/15


2016 02 09 ShatteredReali https://yout %2316 - Nancy        Shattered Reality Podcast #11                                     Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/b5TDsI Scooter               Kate Valentine and Fahrusha welcome Nancy “Scooter”               Link
                          QL8Ws        McMoneagle of        McMoneagle to Shattered Reality Podcast. “Scooter” McMoneagle is
                                       the Monroe           an amazing woman who is at the nexus of the consciousness
                                       Institute            revolution. She is the President and Executive Director of the
                                                            prestigious Monroe Institute, the wife of renowned remote viewer
                                                            Joe McMoneagle, the stepdaughter of consciousness pioneer,
                                                            Robert Monroe, and a celebrated astrologer as well. We talk about
                                                            the experience of visiting the Monroe Institute and its varied
                                                            programs, how her stepdad, Bob Monroe became her mentor and
                                                            how she met Joe McMoneagle, her husband.
                                                            Recorded: 08/011/15

2016 01 28 ShatteredReali https://yout %2315 - Paul H.      Shattered Reality Podcast #15                                         Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/OxXKg Smith PhD,             Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview Paul H. Smith, Ph.D., Major, Link
                          Tv_vVY       Remote Viewer        US Army, Retired, regarding his life as a remote viewer, both for the
                                       and Dowser           government and privately. He spent seven years in the Department
                                                            of Defense's remote viewing program, serving as operational remote
                                                            viewer. His most recent book is "The Essential Guide to Remote
                                                            Viewing." He is also an expert dowser.
                                                            Recorded: 07/06/15
2016 01 02 ShatteredReali https://yout %2314 - Alex         Shattered Reality Podcast #14                                             Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/Mh8uK Tsakiris of            On June 23, 2015, Alex Tsakiris, host of Skeptiko podcast, joined         Link
                          gJD3rg       Skeptiko             Kate Valentine and Fahrusha to discuss his views about a host of
                                                            paranormal and related subjects, including conspiracies, remote
                                                            viewing, scientism, UFOs, mainstream “news”, ethno-pharmacology,
                                                            and debunkers. We chose having Alex on the show because of the
                                                            valuable work he has done by having debunkers on his show and
                                                            taking them on with intelligence and grace, while demolishing their
                                                            faulty positions forcefully and with aplomb. We may not agree with
                                                            everything he proposes but we are eternally grateful for his doing
                                                            some very heavy lifting for all legitimate anomalous researchers. His
                                                            crusade against the antiquated and disproven paradigms of the
                                                            mechanistic and materialistic worldview is truly a valuable
                                                            contribution to the very paradigm shifting we espouse on "Shattered
                                                            Reality Podcast". It is a very lively discussion we think you will enjoy.
                                                            Recorded: 06/23/15


2015 12 19 ShatteredReali https://yout %2313 - John B.      Shattered Reality Podcast #13                                       Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/J8nC88 Alexander PhD         Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview John B. Alexander Ph.D.       Link
                          0CaMs        UFO's, Myths,        about his inside knowledge of UFOs. He is the author of "UFOs,
                                       Conspiracies, and    Myths, Conspiracies, and Realities" and the founding member of the
                                       Realities            Advanced Theoretical Physics Project. He is an expert on non-lethal
                                                            weaponry.
                                                            Recorded: 06/09/15


2015 12 14 ShatteredReali https://yout %2312 - Ellen        Fahrusha and Kate Valentine welcome Ellen Hodgson-Brown to              Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/yJaMR Hodgson-Brown,         Shattered Reality Podcast #12. Ellen is a true Renaissance woman        Link
                          HcKKJA       Champion of          She is an author, political candidate, attorney, public speaker, and
                                       Financial Reform     advocate of alternative medicine and financial reform, most
                                                            prominently public banking.

                                                            Recorded: 5/22/15


2015 11 30 ShatteredReali https://yout %2311 - Andy         Shattered Reality Podcast #11                                        0
           tyPodcast      u.be/scNIvP Danziger, a Pilot's   Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview the late pilot Captain Andrew
                          968K8        UFO Sighting and     Danziger about his amazing UFO sighting. Andy flew President
                                       David Biedny,        Obama's aircraft during his first presidential campaign. He was also
                                       Opinion Piece        the New York Daily News's aviation expert. His column was "This is
                                                            Your Captain Speaking". Because Captain Danziger was an aviation
                                                            expert of renown, his UFO sighting is especially notable.
                                                            At the end of this segment image analyst David Biedny gives his
                                                            opinion about the notorious Roswell slides exhibited by Jaime
                                                            Maussan in Mexico City.
                                                            Recorded: 05/15/15
2015 11 23 ShatteredReali https://yout %2310 - Ken     Shattered Reality Podcast #10                                             Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/M4LM Pfeifer Moon and Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview Ken Pfeifer about his work            Link
                          1RiHfwk      Mars Anomalies, with MUFON in New Jersey and beyond and about the many
                                       M.U.F.O.N.      anomalous images from the Moon and Mars he has discovered by
                                                       pouring over thousands of NASA photos.
                                                       Recorded: 05/01/15


2015 11 04 ShatteredReali https://yout %239 - Ross       Shattered Reality Podcast #9                                            Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/PcWN Dunseath and         Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview Ross Dunseath of the              Link
                          VwrLhkU      Psychokinesis     University of Virginia's Division of Perceptual Studies90 about his
                                                         research into psychokinesis.
                                                         Recorded: 4/7/15


2015 10 25 ShatteredReali https://yout %238 Angela       Shattered Reality Podcast #8                                            Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/asadDc Thompson Smith     Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview Angela Thompson Smith             Link
                          onOyU        Remote Viewing    about her paranormal experiences and her career as a nurse and a
                                       and Paranormal    remote viewer. Currently she is a prolific author of both non-fiction
                                       Experiences       and fiction books and a teacher of Remote Viewing.
                                                         Originally Air Date: 02/20/2015


2015 10 21 ShatteredReali https://yout %237 David        Shattered Reality Podcast #7                                      Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/QKD- Biedny               Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview David Biedny about his      Link
                          77v39yo      Paranormal        paranormal experiences and the nature of things metaphysical.
                                       Experiences and   David is a digital imaging expert, an instructor at an Ivy League
                                       UFOs              university and the author of the first Photoshop Handbook. He was
                                                         the co-host of the Paracast for its four years.

                                                         02/20/2015
2015 10 20 ShatteredReali https://yout %236- Albert      Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview Albert Rosales, author of a   Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/dMbtD Rosales-            comprehensive website, www.ufoinfo/humanoid, cataloging             Link
                          sQuWoM       Humanoids, an     thousands of sightings of humanoids world wide.
                                       Amazing           Recorded: 12/12/14
                                       Compilation


2015 10 10 ShatteredReali https://yout %233 - Mack     Shattered Reality Podcast #3                                        Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/7EZIH Maloney Beyond Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview Mack Maloney, author of          Link
                          Mbs4YM       Area 51 and     about his research into UFOs and secret government locations. He is
                                       UFOs in Wartime the author of "Beyond Area 51'" and "UFOs in Wartime".
                                                       Recorded: 12/12/14


2015 10 10 ShatteredReali https://yout %235 - Natalie   Shattered Reality Podcast #5                                         Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/W1ZfA Sudman, the Near Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview Natalie Sudman about her         Link
                          cDZ7uE       Death Experience near death experience after being blown up by an improvised
                                                        explosive device in Iraq. She is the author of "Application of
                                                        Impossible Things"
                                                        Recorded: 01/23/15


2015 10 09 ShatteredReali https://yout %234 - Robert    Shattered Reality Podcast #4                                      Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/vlzuVR Schroeder and the Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview Robert Schroeder, author of Link
                          LD6VQ        Physics of UFOs  "Solving The UFO Enigma: How Modern Physics is Revealing the
                                                        Technology of UFOs".
                                                        Recorded: 01/09/14
2015 10 05 ShatteredReali https://yout %232 - Philip      Shattered Reality Podcast #2                                       Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/-jo-k4p- Smith Walking     Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview Phillip Smith about his book Link
                          NBI           Through Walls     "Walking Through Walls" and his father psychic Lew Smith and their
                                        about psychic Lew life in Florida.
                                        Smith             Recorded: 11/13/14


2015 10 04 ShatteredReali https://yout %231 - Don Ecker Shattered Reality Podcast #1                                    Transcript
           tyPodcast      u.be/Rivept Moon Anomalies Fahrusha and Kate Valentine interview veteran radio host Don Ecker Link
                          CTEiw                         about moon anomalies and other mysteries.
                                                        Recorded:10/10/14
