{"created_utc": "2026-09-19T03:01:26Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 488260, "source_ctime_ns": 1788528890961351892, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/0---Koi---NASA-Glenn-Research-Center.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788528890946063233, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/0---Koi---NASA-Glenn-Research-Center.pdf", "source_sha256": "01c08201088e1143ca3fd1c347ad5e070960da207b865a6a0f1fdcd9369b4f85"}

Uploaded   Channel      Video URL   Video Title       Description
Date

2023 05 30 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA's Modern    NASA’s Sound Bites video series celebrates members of our              Transcript
           Research     u.be/Ij4IEF9 History Makers   workforce and shares their diverse experiences and insights. On this Link
           Center       MqNM         Kamana Katiyar   episode, we meet one of NASA’s Modern History Makers Kamana
                                                      Katiyar.
                                                      NASA was the ultimate aspiration for Kamana Katiyar. From the time
                                                      she was a child, she was intrigued by her father’s work as an
                                                      engineer and dreamed of following in his footsteps. With resilience
                                                      and adaptability learned from her mother, Katiyar made her dreams
                                                      a reality, beginning an engineering career at NASA supporting
                                                      various aeronautics and spaceflight test facilities.
                                                      Today, she helps manage labs and facilities the agency uses to
                                                      prepare for missions such as Artemis and Quesst. In her free time,
                                                      Katiyar loves photography, skydiving, scuba diving, and traveling.
                                                      Watch to hear more of her story, including her advice for youth and
                                                      favorite Indian dish to recommend.
                                                      NASA is in a Golden Era of aeronautics and space exploration. In
                                                      partnership with commercial and private businesses, NASA is
                                                      currently making history with significant missions such as Artemis, X-
                                                      57 Maxwell, and X-59 Quesst. The NASA’s Modern History Makers
                                                      series highlights members of NASA Glenn’s workforce who make
                                                      these remarkable missions possible.


2023 05 25 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA’s Modern    NASA’s Sound Bites video series celebrates members of our              Transcript
           Research     u.be/JiBM_ History Makers     workforce and shares their diverse experiences and insights. On this Link
           Center       D6sYbs       Wayne A. Wong    episode, we meet one of NASA’s Modern History Makers, Wayne A.
                                                      Wong. At an early age, Wong was torn between his passion for the
                                                      arts and storytelling and a love of science and math. Ultimately, he
                                                      chose a path to engineering and, eventually, NASA's Glenn Research
                                                      Center in Cleveland where he leads a team of scientists and
                                                      engineers who are building next generation space power systems.
                                                      His work focuses on thermal energy conversion technologies that
                                                      power spacecraft built to explore the dark, dusty, and distant
                                                      environments in our solar system—places where solar energy is not
                                                      practical. Though his chosen career field is in STEM, Wong still finds
                                                      time to lead a volunteer team of dragon dancers, and foster creative
                                                      pursuits as an actor, filmmaker, and writer.
                                                      NASA is in a Golden Era of aeronautics and space exploration. In
                                                      partnership with commercial and private businesses, NASA is
                                                      currently making history with significant missions such as Artemis, X-
                                                      57 Maxwell, and X-59 Quesst. The NASA’s Modern History Makers
                                                      series highlights members of NASA Glenn’s workforce who make
                                                      these remarkable missions possible.
2023 04 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA's New 3D- NASA has demonstrated a breakthrough in 3D printable high-                 Transcript
           Research     u.be/3DJ4ti Printed Superalloy temperature materials that could lead to stronger, more durable         Link
           Center       1h7rU        Can Take the Heat parts for airplanes and spacecraft.
                                                       NASA Alloy GRX-810, an oxide dispersion strengthened (ODS) alloy,
                                                       can endure temperatures over 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit, is more
                                                       malleable, and can survive more than 1,000 times longer than
                                                       existing state-of-the-art alloys. These new alloys can be used to build
                                                       aerospace parts for high temperature applications, like those inside
                                                       aircraft and rocket engines, because ODS alloys can withstand
                                                       harsher conditions before reaching their breaking point. More
                                                       details: https://go.nasa.gov/3UQTjl0

                                                        Video Credit: NASA/ Jordan Salkin

2023 04 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout 2024 Eclipse       Just one year from now, on April 8, 2024, Northeast Ohio will be in Transcript
           Research     u.be/VpRSk Countdown            the path of totality for a total solar eclipse. This is a once-in-a-   Link
           Center       RabQ1k       Kickoff            lifetime occurrence – the last time Ohio saw a total solar eclipse was
                                                        1806, and after 2024, Ohio won’t see another total solar eclipse until
                                                        2099!
                                                        To help spread this news, astronauts Frank Rubio and Stephen
                                                        Bowen sent a special message from the International Space Station.


2023 03 29 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA's Modern      NASA’s Sound Bites video series celebrates members of our            Transcript
           Research     u.be/_WOm History Makers        workforce and shares their diverse experiences and insights. On this Link
           Center       NiQ7rNk      Carrie Green       episode we meet Carrie Green, deputy safety mission and assurance
                                                        lead for the European Service Module.

                                                        The service module supplies the Orion spacecraft’s main propulsion
                                                        system and power, and on future missions will house life support
                                                        systems for astronauts. Green's work helps NASA understand and
                                                        mitigate risks related to spaceflight and ensure our missions are
                                                        safe. When she reflects on the younger version of herself, a girl who
                                                        was passionate about space and wanted to be the first woman on
                                                        Mars, she is struck by the irony. Perseverance and a belief in her
                                                        purpose, things she learned from her mother, have led to a career at
                                                        NASA where she is at the forefront of human exploration.


2023 03 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA’s Modern      NASA’s Sound Bites video series celebrates members of our             Transcript
           Research     u.be/TiQhOI History Makers      workforce and shares their diverse experiences and insights. On this Link
           Center       vEy-4        Peggy Cornell      episode, we meet one of NASA’s Modern History Makers, Peggy
                                                        Cornell, deputy manager of NASA’s Commercial Supersonic
                                                        Technology project. Her work is helping revolutionize aviation and
                                                        could make supersonic flight over land a possibility through NASA’s
                                                        Quesst mission. Cornell also supports NASA’s X-57 Maxwell all-
                                                        electric aircraft and previously worked on pioneering projects
                                                        focused on electric vertical take-off and landing vehicles. As a kid,
                                                        her love of aviation and space, and a desire to become an astronaut
                                                        led Cornell to immerse herself in STEM. Although she did not
                                                        become an astronaut, her perseverance and resolve have resulted in
                                                        an engineering and management career supporting some of the
                                                        agency’s most noteworthy missions and projects.
2023 02 09 NASA Glenn   https://yout Josh Dobbs Goes Thanks to Josh Dobbs for stepping into our zone! While in Ohio, the Transcript
           Research     u.be/eKVAiu Inside NASA's Neil pro football athlete (and former NASA extern) stopped by to tour      Link
           Center       jxDho        A. Armstrong Test our research labs. With his educational background in aerospace
                                     Facility          engineering, he fit right into our huddle. Check out his visit to the
                                                       Neil Armstrong Test Facility, home to the world’s largest and most
                                                       powerful space simulation chambers.


2023 02 09 NASA Glenn   https://yout Josh Dobbs Goes   What does it take to train like an astronaut? Watch pro football      Transcript
           Research     u.be/-       Inside NASA's     athlete Josh Dobbs learn how we develop exercises and equipment Link
           Center       DYtUQ6vgx Glenn Research       to help our International Space Station astronauts stay healthy while
                        4            Center            living and working in space.


2022 12 29 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA's Glenn      2022 was a year of unprecedented success! And we’re just getting        Transcript
           Research     u.be/ayGqe Research Center     started. We’ve got plans for more history-making missions in 2023.      Link
           Center       DyqKHA       2022 Recap        Follow along at www.nasa.gov/glenn for more research and
                                     NASA Glenn        technology highlights.
                                     Research Center
                                                       Video credit: NASA / Heather Brown
                                                       New Glenn Launch Vehicle test video used with permission from
                                                       Blue Origin.


2022 12 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Conducts     Noise levels are a common concern when the public thinks about the Transcript
           Research     u.be/FJO13 Acoustic Hover      anticipated addition of new aircraft, such as air taxis and delivery Link
           Center       BYk7-Q       Test with Moog    drones, into the urban airspace.
                                     SureFly NASA
                                     Glenn Research    NASA’s Advanced Air Mobility mission is working with private sector
                                     Center            developers of electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft
                                                       to study the levels of noise they make. Moog SureFly is one of those
                                                       partners.

                                                       In the summer of 2022, researchers from NASA’s Glenn Research
                                                       Center in Cleveland traveled to Cincinnati Municipal Airport-- Lunken
                                                       Field, where they acquired noise data as the Moog SureFly vehicle
                                                       hovered over an array of 28 ground-level microphones. Glenn
                                                       researchers will analyze and share the data with Moog.

                                                       Learn more at https://www.nasa.gov/feature/glenn/2022/nasa-
                                                       conducts-acoustic-hover-test-with-moog-surefly
2022 10 13 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites          On this episode of Sound Bites, NASA Computer Data Systems         Transcript
           Research     u.be/x0iyUk Insights to Inspire   Engineer Emilio Borges talks about how curiosity and exploring new Link
           Center       bf2UI        Emilio Borges        ideas will help you reach your dreams. He develops software that
                                     NASA Glenn           gives data engineers the tools to conduct tests on next generation
                                     Research Center      aircraft components.

                                                          We’re celebrating #HispanicHeritageMonth with our Sound Bites
                                                          video series. Hear from members of our workforce—their diverse
                                                          experience, insights, and talents are what make NASA missions
                                                          possible. More NASA people and professions:
                                                          https://www.nasa.gov/about/people


2022 10 12 NASA Glenn   https://yout Power to Explore If you are a K-12 student in the United States, your challenge is to Transcript
           Research     u.be/8E4Lj0 Student Challenge dream up a new RPS-powered space mission and tell NASA all about Link
           Center       phUgE        NASA Glenn       it in 200 words or less.
                                     Research Center
                                                      Go to rps.nasa.gov/STEM/power-to-explore/ to sign up and learn
                                                      more.


2022 10 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites        NASA materials research engineer Diana Santiago talks about how        Transcript
           Research     u.be/SBdvj0 Insights to Inspire she is developing insulation materials for next generation electrified Link
           Center       TL-AQ        Diana Santiago     aircraft. She also shares advice for students who use English as a
                                                        second language and wants them to get excited about STEM careers.

                                                          We’re celebrating #HispanicHeritageMonth with our Sound Bites
                                                          video series. Hear from members of our workforce—their diverse
                                                          experience, insights, and talents are what make NASA missions
                                                          possible. More NASA people and professions:
                                                          https://www.nasa.gov/about/people


2022 08 31 NASA Glenn   https://yout Go Inside NASA’s     Take a guided virtual tour of our Ballistic Impact Lab, where we test Transcript
           Research     u.be/eVJrvp Ballistic Impact      materials for aerospace vehicles and technology. Talk to engineers Link
           Center       ZZg0c        Lab NASA Glenn       and see how they work in this lab. Informative and fun for students
                                     Research Center      and NASA fans of all ages.
2022 08 23 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA's First       The "First Woman" graphic novel, which tells the fictional tale of    Transcript
           Research     u.be/MtwO Woman graphic Callie Rodriguez, the first woman to explore the Moon. This historic Link
           Center       aTMgeFQ      novel, reviewed by milestone will soon become reality as the first female astronaut sets
                                     Dr. Dionne         foot on the Moon as part of future NASA Artemis missions. Be
                                     Hernandez Lugo. inspired and explore Callie’s story:

                                                         https://www.nasa.gov/calliefirst
                                                         Graphic novel available in both English and Spanish.
                                                         Video credit: NASA/Heather Brown, Dennis Brown, Jim Zunt

                                                         La novela gráfica "La primera mujer", que cuenta la historia ficticia
                                                         de Callie Rodríguez, la primera mujer en explorar la Luna. Este hito
                                                         histórico pronto se hará realidad cuando la primera mujer
                                                         astronauta visite la Luna como parte de las futuras misiones Artemis
                                                         de la NASA. Inspírate y explora la historia de Callie:
                                                         https://www.nasa.gov/calliefirst

                                                         Novela gráfica disponible en inglés y español.
                                                         Crédito del vídeo: NASA/Heather Brown, Dennis Brown, Jim Zunt


2022 08 19 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 25th        Congratulations to Great Lakes Science Center, home to NASA         0
           Research     u.be/3RSzZq Anniversary to the Glenn’s visitor center, on your 25th anniversary! Thank you for the
           Center       Y2BN8        Great Lakes       many years of partnership to bring the excitement of science and
                                     Science Center - STEM education to people across Ohio! #greatscience #staycurious
                                     Home of the NASA #nasacle #nasaglenn
                                     Glenn Research
                                     Center


2022 07 28 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites       Meet our NASA interns as we celebrate National Intern Day today!          0
           Research     u.be/sIWgq Insights to Inspire They come from all over the country and work across the spectrum
           Center       VxyGGs       National Intern   of NASA's research missions. You'll love their enthusiasm about life
                                     Day Edition NASA and work. As we inspire future interns to dream big and join us in
                                     Glenn Research    exploring the secrets of the universe, here are our intern’s stories.
                                     Center.


2022 07 25 NASA Glenn   https://yout Airventure 2022 - The 2022 #EAA AirVenture Oshkosh air show kicks off today. We’re Transcript
           Research     u.be/dHbTI NASA Glenn          here through July 31 sharing our latest work to advance aircraft   Link
           Center       DXS9XI       Research Center technology and return astronauts to the #Moon! If you’re here, visit
                                                       us in the @NASA pavilion to hear from our experts and explore
                                                       demos—including a virtual reality flight in our X-59 supersonic
                                                       aircraft.
2022 05 26 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites       When the NASA’s Artemis I mission launches on its historic mission Transcript
           Research     u.be/Twmsx Insights to Inspire around the Moon, John Wang will be watching closely. As an              Link
           Center       N_zOuo       John Wang NASA engineering project manager for the Orion spacecraft’s European
                                     Glenn Research    Service Module, he understands just how much work and dedication
                                     Center            has led to this next step for human spaceflight.
                                                       His advice: be curious, learn all you can, and treasure your first-hand
                                                       experiences.

                                                       We’re celebrating Asian American Native Hawaiian and Pacific
                                                       Islander heritage all month with our Sound Bites video series. Hear
                                                       from members of our workforce and be inspired—their diverse
                                                       experiences, insights, and talents are what make NASA missions
                                                       possible. #AANHPI #AAPI #aapiheritagemonth


2022 05 18 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites       Architect, Diana Chan didn't know her career path would lead her to Transcript
           Research     u.be/er7NC Insights to Inspire NASA. When she’s not modernizing workspaces and redesigning          Link
           Center       Uh282k       Diana Chan NASA buildings, she is sharing her experience and culture to inspire others
                                     Glenn Research    through STEM and educational outreach. Her advice: Don’t be afraid
                                     Center            to ask questions. Hear about Diana’s latest project and favorite
                                                       cultural traditions.

                                                       We’re celebrating Asian American Native Hawaiian and Pacific
                                                       Islander heritage all month with our Sound Bites video series. Hear
                                                       from members of our workforce and be inspired—their diverse
                                                       experiences, insights, and talents are what make NASA missions
                                                       possible. #AANHPI #AAPI #aapiheritagemonth

2022 05 11 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites         Meet Paht, a NASA research engineer who enjoys a good challenge. Transcript
           Research     u.be/BirEII0 Insights to Inspire Whether choosing his degree and career or optimizing gas turbine    Link
           Center       g_hU         Paht Juangphanich engines for future aircraft, he never backs away from the tough
                                     NASA Glenn          tasks. His advice: keep challenging yourself and don’t be afraid to
                                     Research Center make mistakes. Learn more about his path to NASA, favorite cultural
                                                         tradition, and what inspires his work.

                                                       We’re celebrating Asian American Native Hawaiian and Pacific
                                                       Islander heritage all month with our Sound Bites video series. Hear
                                                       from members of our workforce and be inspired—their diverse
                                                       experiences, insights, and talents make NASA missions possible.
                                                       #AANHPI #AAPI
2022 03 22 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA's First        NASA electrical test engineer Gretchen Morales-Valle, shares her          Transcript
           Research     u.be/DfnHt- Woman Graphic        thoughts on our "First Woman" graphic novel, which tells the              Link
           Center       h9D3Q        Novel Reviewed      fictional tale of Callie Rodriguez, the first woman to explore the
                                     by Gretchen         Moon. This historic milestone will soon become reality as the first
                                     Morales-Valle       female astronaut sets foot on the Moon as part of future NASA
                                                         Artemis missions. Be inspired and explore Callie’s story:

                                                         https://www.nasa.gov/calliefirst
                                                         Graphic novel available in both English and Spanish.
                                                         Video credit: NASA/Heather Brown, Dennis Brown, Jim Zunt

                                                         La ingeniera de pruebas eléctricas de la NASA Gretchen Morales-
                                                         Valle comparte su opinión sobre nuestra novela gráfica "La primera
                                                         mujer", que cuenta la historia ficticia de Callie Rodríguez, la primera
                                                         mujer en explorar la Luna. Este hito histórico pronto se hará realidad
                                                         cuando la primera mujer astronauta visite la Luna como parte de las
                                                         futuras misiones Artemis de la NASA. Inspírate y explora la historia
                                                         de Callie: https://www.nasa.gov/calliefirst

                                                         Novela gráfica disponible en inglés y español.
                                                         Crédito del vídeo: NASA/Heather Brown, Dennis Brown, Jim Zunt


2022 03 04 NASA Glenn   https://yout Ohio Students     Students from across the state of Ohio had an opportunity to hear Transcript
           Research     u.be/rZLYO Hear from NASA from NASA Expedition 66 Flight Engineers Raja Chari and Tom             Link
           Center       UVNyLI       Astronauts Aboard Marshburn as the astronauts orbited Earth aboard the International
                                     Space Station     Space Station. The two astronauts answered pre-recorded questions
                                     March 2, 2022     about life and work on the orbital laboratory during an in-flight
                                                       event March 2.


2022 02 28 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites         As NASAGlenn’s chief of staff, Ra-Deon Sledge assists our leadership Transcript
           Research     u.be/YODvu Insights to Inspire   in operating the center. Knowing NASA’s technology impacts so        Link
           Center       QA3bg8       Ra-Deon Sledge      many lives here on Earth serves as her everyday motivation. Her
                                     NASA Glenn          path to NASA came through a career as a singer. Hear her story.
                                     Research Center     #BlackHistoryMonth
2022 02 24 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites        Knowing her work will help make flight safer and more fuel-efficient Transcript
           Research     u.be/rdlGgz Insights to Inspire motivates materials research engineer Dr. Jamesa Stokes. Her            Link
           Center       mIwSE        Dr. Jamesa Stokes advice: there is no single way to be a successful scientist or engineer.
                                     NASA Glenn         Don’t limit yourself—stay open to a variety of opportunities. Hear
                                     Research Center more of her advice and learn about her path to NASA.

                                                          We’re celebrating #BlackHistoryMonth with our Sound Bites video
                                                          series. Hear from members of our workforce and be inspired—their
                                                          diverse experiences, insights, and talents make NASA missions
                                                          possible.


2022 02 17 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites          Being a part of a great team managing space science projects           Transcript
           Research     u.be/sW7bx Insights to Inspire    inspires Carl Sandifer II to get up every morning excited about his    Link
           Center       sILtkI       Carl Sandifer II     work. In this episode of Sound Bites, hear his advice for students and
                                     NASA Glenn           learn about his journey from NASA intern, to aerospace engineer, to
                                     Research Center      leader.

                                                          We’re celebrating #BlackHistoryMonth with our Sound Bites video
                                                          series. Hear from members of our workforce and be inspired—their
                                                          diverse experiences, insights, and talents make NASA missions
                                                          possible.


2022 02 10 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites          NASA aerospace engineer Lance Foster is living his childhood       Transcript
           Research     u.be/j2n8e- Insights to Inspire   dream—working on technology to make really fast planes. To         Link
           Center       BQWq4        Lance Foster         encourage the next generation of STEM students, he says it’s
                                     NASA Glenn           important for kids to see and connect with a person doing the work
                                     Research Center      for them to see what's possible.

                                                          We’re celebrating #BlackHistoryMonth with our Sound Bites video
                                                          series. Hear from members of our workforce and be inspired—their
                                                          diverse experiences, insights, and talents are what make NASA
                                                          missions possible.


2021 12 31 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn           We're looking back on all we accomplished in 2021. Despite its many Transcript
           Research     u.be/XagYih Research Center       challenges, the year was still one of progress. #YearInReview       Link
           Center       RUDpU        Year in Review
                                     2021
2021 12 02 NASA Glenn   https://yout A Need for Speed Engineer Mike McVetta finds a connection between his love for auto 0
           Research     u.be/X4wrlF Life as a Champion racing and his NASA career.
           Center       gfkXo        Racecar Driver      Video Credit: NASA/ Heather Brown with images provided by ISMA
                                     and NASA            photography courtesy of Jim Feeney and Sandusky VR/360 video
                                     Propulsion Facility footage courtesy of Ad Source, Inc. and Akron Drone Services.
                                     Manager             Oswego photo courtesy of Robert Clark.


2021 11 04 NASA Glenn   https://yout CADRE of Mini        A squad of mini rovers traversed the simulated lunar soils of NASA    Transcript
           Research     u.be/eqkrVp Rovers Navigate       Glenn’s SLOPE (Simulated Lunar Operations) lab recently. The          Link
           Center       TjwLM        Simulated Lunar      shoebox-sized rovers were tested to see if they could navigate the
                                     Terrain NASA         conditions of hard-to-reach places such as craters and caves on the
                                     Glenn Research       Moon.
                                     Center


2021 10 14 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites          Dr. Yajaira Sierra-Sastre doesn’t back down from challenges. From Transcript
           Research     u.be/Bf4zgB Insights to Inspire   living on top of a volcano for months, to leading the design and build Link
           Center       Jk2bA        Yajaira Sierra-      of new tires for Mars rovers, her curiosity for space and science are
                                     Sastre               motivation to transform obstacles into opportunities.

                                                          We’re celebrating #HispanicHeritageMonth by kicking off our new
                                                          Sound Bites video series. Hear from members of our
                                                          workforce—their diverse experience, insights, and talents are what
                                                          make NASA missions possible.


2021 10 12 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites       For NASA engineer Vicente Suarez, it really is rocket science. He    Transcript
           Research     u.be/1V_fM Insights to Inspire tests rockets, payloads, and spacecraft, including Orion, to ensure  Link
           Center       M041_g       Vicente Suarez    they are fit to fly into space. Loving what he does means work never
                                                       feels like a chore—it's more like his playground.

                                                          We’re celebrating #HispanicHeritageMonth by kicking off our new
                                                          Sound Bites video series. Hear from members of our
                                                          workforce—their diverse experience, insights, and talents are what
                                                          make NASA missions possible.
2021 10 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites       Meet NASA engineer and gaming enthusiast Gretchen Morales-           Transcript
           Research     u.be/PRMru Insights to Inspire Valle. Her work in our aircraft Icing Research Tunnel helps keep you Link
           Center       cQIkXU       Gretchen Morales- safe when you fly!
                                     Valle             Gretchen’s advice for youth—BE YOURSELF. You don’t need to fit
                                                       into a certain mold to be an engineer.

                                                        We’re celebrating #HispanicHeritageMonth with our new Sound
                                                        Bites video series. Hear from members of our workforce—their
                                                        diverse experience, insights, and talents are what make NASA
                                                        missions possible. Learn about more NASA people and professions:
                                                        https://www.nasa.gov/about/people


2021 09 30 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites       On this episode of Sound Bites, NASA engineer and aspiring           Transcript
           Research     u.be/MK1cz Insights to Inspire astronaut, Luis Rodriguez shares advice for students, and the planet Link
           Center       nT6yt0       Luis Rodriguez    he hopes to explore one day! His work converting thermal energy to
                                                       electrical power for future Moon habitats, and vehicles is important
                                                       for long-term lunar exploration.

                                                        We’re celebrating #HispanicHeritageMonth by kicking off our new
                                                        Sound Bites video series. Hear from members of our
                                                        workforce—their diverse experience, insights, and talents are what
                                                        make NASA missions possible.


2021 09 23 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sound Bites       We’re celebrating #HispanicHeritageMonth by kicking off our new             Transcript
           Research     u.be/uQSbq Insights to Inspire Sound Bites video series. Hear from members of our                          Link
           Center       A5CFEk       Ashley Cantor     workforce—their diverse experience, insights, and talents are what
                                                       make NASA missions possible.

                                                        Meet Ashley Cantor, as an Equal Employment Specialist, she plans
                                                        and implements diversity, inclusion, and equity programs. Her job is
                                                        one of a variety of careers that is not in engineering, but essential to
                                                        our agency’s success. Learn about more NASA people and
                                                        professions: https://www.nasa.gov/about/people


2021 09 22 NASA Glenn   https://yout Hall of Fame       NASA Glenn has selected its third class of Hall of Fame inductees.         Transcript
           Research     u.be/jFAfgA Inductees 2021      The 2021 class includes 10 former employees who elevated the               Link
           Center       yjKPc        NASA Glenn         center through their accomplishments or inspired others through
                                     Research Center    their character.

                                                        Nominated by Glenn employees and chosen by a special committee,
                                                        this year’s class coincides with the center’s 80th anniversary.

                                                        Our video highlights the work of these fine contributors, but you can
                                                        read their full biographies here: https://www1.grc.nasa.gov/glenn-
                                                        history/hall-of-fame/class-of-2021/
2021 08 19 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Aeronautics Aviation lets us explore our world, connect with our favorite people, Transcript
           Research     u.be/6kOoio Transforming      and get deliveries of things we need. But, with increased flight,     Link
           Center       PpSEE        Flight           comes emissions. NASA Aeronautics is on it! We aim to reduce
                                                      emissions with new green technologies and aircraft designs. Learn
                                                      how we're expanding climate change research, and testing new
                                                      automation tools for greener airspace operations, and sustainable
                                                      energy options for aircraft propulsion.
                                                      https://www.nasa.gov/topics/aeronautics/index.html
                                                      #nationalaviationday


2021 07 18 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn           Celebrating the life of John Glenn and his role in the history of space Transcript
           Research     u.be/bj6s0D Research Center       technology and exploration.                                             Link
           Center       ROZjI
                                                          To learn more visit nasa.gov/johnglenn100


2021 07 14 NASA Glenn   https://yout Last flight of the   S-3B Viking aircraft departs Cleveland enroute to the San Diego Air   Transcript
           Research     u.be/8q9HB Viking S-3B            and Space Museum to be put on permanent display.                      Link
           Center       L41kxo       Aircraft NASA        Video Credit: NASA/Bill Fletcher
                                     Glenn Research       To learn more, visit
                                     Center 1 of 2        https://www.nasa.gov/feature/glenn/2021/NASA-retires-S-3B-
                                                          Viking-research-aircraft-from-its-fleet
                                                          One of two


2021 07 14 NASA Glenn   https://yout Last flight of the   S-3B Viking aircraft departs Cleveland enroute to the San Diego Air   Transcript
           Research     u.be/TuULb Viking S-3B            and Space Museum to be put on permanent display.                      Link
           Center       RSSJOI       Aircraft NASA        Video Credit: NASA/Bill Fletcher
                                     Glenn Research       To learn more visit:
                                     Center 2 of 2        https://www.nasa.gov/feature/glenn/2021/NASA-retires-S-3B-
                                                          Viking-research-aircraft-from-its-fleet
2021 07 08 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn         When the U.S. Navy retired its fleet of S-3B Vikings from active duty Transcript
           Research     u.be/h5Uhx Research Center      in 2009, not all of them were grounded. At NASA’s Glenn Research Link
           Center       XxIW4Q       retires the S3-B   Center in Cleveland, one S-3B was being used almost daily as a flight
                                     Viking Aircraft    research aircraft. Acquired in 2004 and flown for the next 16 years
                                                        on a variety of research missions, this S-3B Viking is about to fly off
                                                        into the sunset and retire at the San Diego Air and Space Museum in
                                                        California where it will be used to educate the public about its
                                                        important role in the U.S. Navy and at NASA.


2021 06 03 NASA Glenn   https://yout State of NASA  Today, NASA Administrator Sen. Bill Nelson, presented the         Transcript
           Research     u.be/SUo8Q 2021 The Year of #StateofNASA and shared updates about our work to improve life on Link
           Center       ZrRggM       Innovation     Earth and explore our solar system. But, what’s @NASAGlenn got to
                                                    do with it?

                                                        Find out on June 3 at noon EDT, during the premiere of our Year of
                                                        Innovation video. Submit your questions and our experts will answer
                                                        them in the comments. Don’t miss a chance to #AskNASAGlenn and
                                                        find out how our center in Cleveland, Ohio supports NASA’s progress
                                                        on electric aircraft, and exploring the Moon, Mars and beyond!


2021 05 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout VIPER Hits the     Researchers conduct early mobility testing on an engineering model Transcript
           Research     u.be/8Gvld SLOPEs NASA          of NASA’s Volatiles Investigating Polar Exploration Rover, or VIPER, Link
           Center       WevWCw Glenn Research           and fine-tune a newly installed OptiTrack motion tracking camera
                                     Center             system at NASA Glenn’s Simulated Lunar Operations Lab.
                                                        Video credit: NASA/Heather Brown and Jim Zunt


2021 04 22 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Aeronautics Aviation lets us explore our world, connect with our favorite people, Transcript
           Research     u.be/Tb2j_N Earth Day 2021    and get deliveries of things we need. But, with increased flight,     Link
           Center       dhq-8                         comes emissions. NASA Aeronautics is on it! We aim to reduce
                                                      emissions with new green technologies and aircraft designs.

                                                        This #EarthDay, learn how we're expanding climate change research,
                                                        and testing new automation tools for greener airspace operations,
                                                        and sustainable energy options for aircraft propulsion.

                                                        https://www.nasa.gov/topics/aeronautics/index.html
2021 04 01 NASA Glenn   https://yout Testing the Power The thruster system that will propel NASA’s Gateway around the       Transcript
           Research     u.be/Bh320 and Propulsion      Moon was recently fired up for the first of many ground tests to     Link
           Center       aGLnNs       Element at NASA ensure the Power and Propulsion Element (PPE) is ready for flight.
                                     Glenn Research
                                     Center            NASA, along with Maxar Technologies and Busek Co., successfully
                                                       completed a test of the 6-kilowatt (kW) solar electric propulsion
                                                       (SEP) subsystem destined for the PPE. The hot fire tests were funded
                                                       by NASA’s Space Technology Mission Directorate, which helps foster
                                                       the development of commercial space capabilities, and included
                                                       multiple start-ups and shutdowns and other flight-like scenarios to
                                                       demonstrate the system is ready for the transit to the Moon and
                                                       extended operations there
                                                       Learn more at: https://www.nasa.gov/feature/glenn/2021/we-are-
                                                       fired-up-gateway-propulsion-system-passes-first-test


2021 03 12 NASA Glenn   https://yout In Celebration of   We're celebrating women at @NASA who make history every day.              Transcript
           Research     u.be/iQkgAT Women at NASA        Continue to drive innovation and push the envelope to inspire girls       Link
           Center       PMvKQ        NASA Glenn          all over the world. Read the incredible stories of @WomenNASA
                                     Research Center     https://nasa.gov/women
                                                         #IWD2021


2021 03 05 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn 2021 NASA’s Glenn Research Center is excited to offer guided virtual        Transcript
           Research     u.be/D699v Guided Virtual    facility tours for the 2021 season. From April through October, join Link
           Center       AuM9MY       Facility Tours  us as we explore our world-class facilities and celebrate Glenn’s 80th
                                                     Anniversary.
                                                     For more details visit: https://www.nasa.gov/glenn/guided-
                                                     virtualtours/2021/nasa-glenn-guided-virtual-tours-frequently-asked-
                                                     questions


2021 02 17 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA’s Neil A.      NASA’s Neil A. Armstrong Test Facility is a remote test facility          Transcript
           Research     u.be/_-      Armstrong Test      located on 6,400 acres in Sandusky, Ohio. Neil Armstrong Test             Link
           Center       52WXRPpvc Facility               Facility is home to four world-class test facilities, including world's
                                                         most powerful space simulation facility.
2021 02 05 NASA Glenn   https://yout Intern Insights   Working remotely from different corners of the country hasn't       Transcript
           Research     u.be/F6V7o NASA Glenn          stopped our interns at NASA's Glenn Research Center. Here's a quick Link
           Center       pj4eg8       Research Center   look at their virtual experience last year.

                                                       The deadline for Summer 2021 internships is March 5:
                                                       https://intern.nasa.gov


2021 01 23 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th      Center Director Marla Perez Davis wishes a Happy 80th Anniversary 0
           Research     u.be/vcL4A Anniversary NASA to NASA Glenn Research Center. 80 Years of Pushing Boundaries
           Center       Wzcb_M       Glenn Research  and Breaking Barriers.
                                     Center from
                                     Center Director
                                     Dr. Marla Perez
                                     Davis.


2021 01 22 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th        Betsy Kling wishes a Happy 80th Anniversary to NASA Glenn          Transcript
           Research     u.be/m7-     Anniversary NASA Research Center. 80 Years of Pushing Boundaries and Breaking        Link
           Center       dEGGJlL8     Glenn Research    Barriers.
                                     Center from Betsy
                                     Kling


2021 01 22 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th        Bill Wills from WTAM Radio in Cleveland, Ohio wishes NASA Glenn    Transcript
           Research     u.be/QmRb Anniversary NASA Research Center a happy 80th anniversary.                              Link
           Center       FNcp8Cs      Glenn Research
                                     Center from
                                     WTAM's Bill Wills
2021 01 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Saffire Ignites New A sample of polymethyl methacrylate, also known as Plexiglas, was Transcript
           Research     u.be/pwEF_I Discoveries in       burned in the Saffire-V experiment. Ribs were manufactured into      Link
           Center       XBeo8        Space NASA          the material to see how the flame behaved when small structures
                                     Glenn Research      were incorporated into larger materials. Researchers discovered that
                                     Center              fires in microgravity typically grow and burn faster on the thinner
                                                         ribs and materials as opposed to thicker samples on the right.


2021 01 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th      Harlan Sands wishes NASA Glenn Research Center a happy 80th          Transcript
           Research     u.be/lHWQX Anniversary NASA anniversary on behalf of Cleveland State University.                  Link
           Center       G8IWXI       Glenn Research
                                     Center from
                                     Cleveland State
                                     University


2021 01 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th      The Cleveland Metropolitan School District wishes NASA Glenn         0
           Research     u.be/qR38q Anniversary NASA Research Center a happy 80th anniversary.
           Center       2428Pg       Glenn Research
                                     Center from
                                     Cleveland
                                     Metropolitan
                                     School District


2021 01 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th       Cleveland Public Library wishes a happy 80th anniversary to NASA    Transcript
           Research     u.be/TCRrtS Anniversary NASA Glenn Research Center.                                               Link
           Center       SCzbI        Glenn Research
                                     Center from
                                     Cleveland Public
                                     Library
2021 01 19 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th        Great Lakes Science Center in Cleveland, Ohio sends 80th            Transcript
           Research     u.be/t3iCp8 Anniversary NASA anniversary greetings to NASA Glenn Research Center.                  Link
           Center       SC0-s        Glenn Research
                                     Center from Great
                                     Lakes Science
                                     Center


2021 01 19 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th       The Girl Scouts of North East Ohio wish NASA Glenn Research Center Transcript
           Research     u.be/A8W2g Anniversary NASA a happy 80th anniversary.                                            Link
           Center       86LfIU       Glenn Research
                                     Center from Girl
                                     Scouts


2021 01 19 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th       President and CEO Frederic Bertley wishes NASA Glenn Research        Transcript
           Research     u.be/-       Anniversary NASA Center a happy 80th anniversary on behalf of the Center of Science   Link
           Center       u9oaEmoNX Glenn Research      and Industry (COSI).
                        k            Center from COSI


2021 01 18 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th       NASA Astronauts send their 80th anniversary greetings to NASA        Transcript
           Research     u.be/MEO2 Anniversary NASA Glenn Research Center.                                                  Link
           Center       XBNGexU      Glenn Research
                                     Center from NASA
                                     Astronauts
2021 01 17 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th      Bob Pearce, Associate Administrator for NASA's Aeronautics          Transcript
           Research     u.be/9PSwo Anniversary NASA Research Mission Directorate, wishes a happy 80th anniversary to     Link
           Center       Y1Nl4Q       Glenn Research  NASA Glenn Research Center.
                                     Center from Bob
                                     Pearce


2021 01 17 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th        Kathryn Lueders, Associate Administrator of the Human Exploration Transcript
           Research     u.be/KKdZC Anniversary NASA and Operations (HEO) Mission Directorate, wishes NASA Glenn          Link
           Center       BOwDbo       Glenn Research    Research Center a happy 80th anniversary.
                                     Center from Kathy
                                     Lueders


2021 01 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th      Robert (Bob) Gibbs, the Associate Administrator for the Mission     Transcript
           Research     u.be/5uPnT Anniversary NASA Support Directorate (MSD) at NASA, wishes NASA Glenn Research        Link
           Center       P0X6Hc       Glenn Research  Center a Happy 80th Anniversary.
                                     Center from Bob
                                     Gibbs


2021 01 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout Happy 80th       Mike Kincaid, Associate Administrator, Office of STEM Engagement   Transcript
           Research     u.be/99IiiT8 Anniversary NASA at NASA, wishes NASA Glenn Research Center a Happy 80th            Link
           Center       cK0k         Glenn Research   anniversary.
                                     Center from Mike
                                     Kincaid
2020 11 24 NASA Glenn   https://yout Artemis--Ready    We’re thankful for the opportunity to explore.                          Transcript
           Research     u.be/CVXv- for Flight                                                                                  Link
           Center       _tV8Ys                         One year ago today, NASA’s Orion Spacecraft arrived in Ohio and
                                                       began a journey to our Plum Brook Station facility in Sandusky, Ohio.
                                                       There, the vehicle was put through a series of tests to ensure it’s
                                                       ready to fly for the Artemis I mission to the Moon and back.

                                                       Today, we highlight some of the people behind the immense effort
                                                       to, once again, land humans on the Moon. Watch now and meet a
                                                       few dedicated members of our NASA family.

                                                       To learn more about our mission to land the first woman and the
                                                       next man on the Moon, visit
                                                       https://www.nasa.gov/specials/artemis/.

                                                       Plum Brook Station was renamed the Neil A. Armstrong Test Facility
                                                       on December 30, 2020.

                                                       Video credit: NASA/ Jim Zunt


2020 09 17 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn        Dr. Marla Pérez-Davis, director of NASA’s Glenn Research Center,   Transcript
           Research     u.be/v5RLhc Artemis            joins Dr. Dionne Hernandez-Lugo, Vicente Suarez, and Rafael Garcia Link
           Center       G5-Xw        Roundtable        to learn about their work on the Artemis program. Part 2 of 4.
                                     Section 2 –
                                     Inspiration


2020 09 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn        Dr. Marla Pérez-Davis, director of NASA’s Glenn Research Center,   Transcript
           Research     u.be/OoS86 Artemis             joins Dr. Dionne Hernandez-Lugo, Vicente Suarez, and Rafael Garcia Link
           Center       6Sj4Zg       Roundtable        to learn about their work on the Artemis program. Part 1 of 4
                                     Section 1 -
                                     Artemis Next
                                     Steps in Space


2020 09 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn        Dr. Marla Pérez-Davis, director of NASA’s Glenn Research Center,   Transcript
           Research     u.be/_yUo2 Artemis             joins Dr. Dionne Hernandez-Lugo, Vicente Suarez, and Rafael Garcia Link
           Center       oYwpAo       Roundtable        to learn about their work on the Artemis program. Part 3 of 4.
                                     Section 3 -
                                     Technologies of
                                     the Future and
                                     Artemis
2020 09 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn         Dr. Marla Pérez-Davis, director of NASA’s Glenn Research Center,   Transcript
           Research     u.be/SFlZb6 Artemis             joins Dr. Dionne Hernandez-Lugo, Vicente Suarez, and Rafael Garcia Link
           Center       qkPtw        Roundtable         to learn about their work on the Artemis program. Part 4 of 4.
                                     Section 4 -
                                     Inspiring the Next
                                     Generation


2020 06 17 NASA Glenn   https://yout Congratulations to NASA Glenn director Dr. Marla Pérez-Davis congratulates the         Transcript
           Research     u.be/dXwTfr the Class of 2020 graduating class of 2020.                                             Link
           Center       Dq0X8        NASA Glenn
                                     Research Center


2020 05 20 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA's Spacecraft NASA ignited another set of space fire experiments last week when Transcript
           Research     u.be/lvJ78l9 Fire Safety         Saffire IV lit a number of longer, stronger flames inside Northrop   Link
           Center       ZJ_E         Demonstration       Grumman’s Cygnus cargo spacecraft.
                                     Project, Saffire IV
                                                         Saffire, NASA’s Spacecraft Fire Safety Demonstration Project, is a
                                                         series of six experiments that investigate how fires grow and spread
                                                         in space, especially aboard future spacecraft bound for the Moon
                                                         and Mars.

                                                        During the Saffire IV experiment, researchers burned a sample of
                                                        SIBAL cloth, a composite of 75% cotton and 25% fiberglass. As the
                                                        flame spreads shortly after ignition, you can see bright speckles
                                                        behind, which are glowing char on the cloth.

2020 05 05 NASA Glenn   https://yout Machine Learning   NASA is moving forward with its Artemis program to return humans Transcript
           Research     u.be/jvX-    and Simulations    to the Moon, to stay. Learn how scientists and engineers at Glenn Link
           Center       EoDz3hg      Support NASA       Research Center are using sophisticated computational modeling
                                     Astronaut Health   techniques to understand risks to astronaut health.
2020 04 01 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn        Get an inside look at NASA Glenn Research Center. From wind               Transcript
           Research     u.be/OKAzQ Virtual Tours       tunnels, to drop towers and vacuum chambers, our virtual tours            Link
           Center       M0h6b0                         offer you a 360-degree view behind the scenes of our world-class
                                                       facilities and labs. It’s where we simulate aircraft flight conditions on
                                                       Earth and the harshest conditions found in our solar system. Explore
                                                       for yourself at: www.nasa.gov/glennvirtualtours.


2020 01 13 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA’s New Moon An engineering model of the Volatiles Investigating Polar Exploration Transcript
           Research     u.be/F_qYY Rover Tested in    Rover, or VIPER, is tested in the Simulated Lunar Operations           Link
           Center       E3i2ww       Lunar Operations Laboratory at NASA’s Glenn Research Center in Cleveland, Ohio.
                                     Lab              About the size of a golf cart, VIPER is a mobile robot that will roam
                                                      around the Moon’s South Pole looking for water ice in the region
                                                      and for the first time ever, actually sample the water ice at the same
                                                      pole where the first woman and next man will land in 2024 under
                                                      the Artemis program.

                                                       The large, adjustable soil bin contains lunar simulant and allows
                                                       engineers to mimic the Moon’s terrain. Engineers from NASA’s
                                                       Johnson Space Center in Houston, where the rover was designed
                                                       and built, joined the Glenn team to complete the tests. Test data will
                                                       be used to evaluate the traction of the vehicle and wheels,
                                                       determine the power requirements for a variety of maneuvers and
                                                       compare methods of traversing steep slopes. Respirators are worn
                                                       by researchers to protect against the airborne silica that is present
                                                       during testing.

                                                       VIPER is a collaboration within and beyond the agency.
                                                       NASA's Ames Research Center in Silicon Valley is managing the
                                                       project, leading the mission’s science, systems engineering, real-
                                                       time rover surface operations and software. The rover’s instruments
                                                       are provided by Ames, NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida and
                                                       commercial partner, Honeybee
                                                       Robotics in California. The spacecraft, lander and launch vehicle that
                                                       will deliver VIPER to the surface of the Moon will be provided
                                                        h     h        ’           i l          l d     i
2019 12 18 NASA Glenn   https://yout Orion Spacecraft   The Orion spacecraft for Artemis I flew into Mansfield Lahm Airport Transcript
           Research     u.be/s39Kl0 for Artemis I       on Sunday, Nov. 24, aboard NASA’s Super Guppy aircraft from         Link
           Center       ruj1Y        transported to     NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
                                     NASA’s Plum
                                     Brook Station      After unloading Orion at the airport, the transportation team drove
                                                        the spacecraft across Northeast Ohio’s new space corridor. NASA
                                                        Glenn worked with the Ohio Department of Transportation and local
                                                        utility companies to clear more than 700 overhead lines from the 41-
                                                        mile stretch of rural highway between Mansfield and NASA’s Plum
                                                        Brook Station.

                                                        The spacecraft arrived in Sandusky, Ohio, on Tuesday, Nov. 26
                                                        where engineers installed it in a thermal vacuum chamber for the
                                                        final stretch of major testing before the Artemis I launch.

                                                        Plum Brook Station was renamed the Neil A. Armstrong Test Facility
                                                        on December 30, 2020.

                                                        Video Credit: NASA/ James Zunt


2019 12 10 NASA Glenn   https://yout Orion Spacecraft   The Orion spacecraft for Artemis I is prepared for testing at NASA’s 0
           Research     u.be/wnT5q for Artemis I        Plum Brook Station. In this time-lapse video, the spacecraft (crew
           Center       2_1HNc       Installed in       module and European-built service module) is installed in a thermal
                                     Vacuum Chamber     vacuum chamber where it will be subjected to temperatures ranging
                                     at NASA's Plum     from -250 to 300 degrees Fahrenheit to ensure it can withstand the
                                     Brook Station      harsh environment of space during Artemis missions. These extreme
                                                        temperatures simulate flying in-and-out of sunlight and shadow in
                                                        space. The spacecraft is surrounded by a thermal cage, called Heat
                                                        Flux, which is a specially-designed system that heats specific parts of
                                                        the spacecraft at any given time. Orion will also be surrounded on all
                                                        sides by a set of large panels, called a cryogenic-shroud, that will
                                                        provide the cold background temperatures of space.

                                                        Plum Brook Station was renamed the Neil A. Armstrong Test Facility
                                                        on December 30, 2020.
2019 12 04 NASA Glenn   https://yout Orion spacecraft The Orion spacecraft for Artemis I arrived at NASA’s Plum Brook      0
           Research     u.be/vZolTx arrives at NASA’s Station in Sandusky, Ohio, on Tuesday, Nov. 26 for the final stretch
           Center       oTibo        Plum Brook        of major testing before integration with the Space Launch System
                                     Station, now Neil rocket for the Artemis I launch. Orion will undergo thermal and
                                     A. Armstrong Test electromagnetic testing in our Space Environments Complex.
                                     Facility.
                                                       The spacecraft flew into Mansfield Lahm Airport on Sunday, Nov. 24,
                                                       aboard the agency’s Super Guppy from NASA’s Kennedy Space
                                                       Center in Florida.

                                                        After unloading Orion at the airport, the transportation team drove
                                                        the spacecraft across Northeast Ohio’s new space corridor. NASA
                                                        Glenn worked with the Ohio Department of Transportation and local
                                                        utility companies to clear more than 700 overhead lines from the 41-
                                                        mile stretch of rural highway between Mansfield and Plum Brook
                                                        Station.

                                                        Plum Brook Station was renamed the Neil A. Armstrong Test Facility
                                                        on December 30, 2020.

                                                        Video Credit: NASA/ James Zunt, Dennis Brown, William Fletcher


2019 12 04 NASA Glenn   https://yout Orion spacecraft   The Orion spacecraft for Artemis I arrived at Mansfield’s Lahm          Transcript
           Research     u.be/r6Jkaz arrives at          Regional Airport on Sunday, Nov. 24 in NASA’s Super Guppy aircraft. Link
           Center       vnqbg        Mansfield Lahm     The spacecraft is headed to NASA’s Plum Brook Station in Sandusky,
                                     Regional Airport   Ohio for the final stretch of major testing before integration with the
                                                        Space Launch System rocket for the Artemis I launch. Orion will
                                                        undergo thermal and electromagnetic testing in our Space
                                                        Environments Complex.

                                                        Plum Brook Station was renamed the Neil A. Armstrong Test Facility
                                                        on December 30, 2020.

                                                        Video Credit: NASA/ James Zunt, Dennis Brown, William Fletcher


2019 10 04 NASA Glenn   https://yout Powering Flight Every U.S. aircraft has NASA technology on board, which has made Transcript
           Research     u.be/_plOub Innovation NASA flight safer, quieter and more fuel efficient. Today, NASA is investing Link
           Center       yV6OM        Glenn Research  in Electrified Aircraft Propulsion research as part of its portfolio to
                                     Center          improve the fuel efficiency, emissions and noise levels in commercial
                                                     transport aircraft. And, we’re building our first-ever all-electric X-
                                                     plane, the X-57 Maxwell.
                                                     In this presentation from our 2019 Evening with the Stars event,
                                                     NASA engineer David Avanesian explains our strategy to work with
                                                     industry partners and continue transforming aviation for benefits
                                                     worldwide.
                                                     Credits: NASA
2019 10 04 NASA Glenn   https://yout Flight of the      In this presentation from our 2019 Evening with the Stars event, 0
           Research     u.be/dfOvZy Gateway and the     NASA engineer Melissa McGuire explains the Gateway and how we’ll
           Center       gyiCo        Power and          use it to build our lunar outpost, the cornerstone of NASA’s
                                     Propulsion         sustainable and reusable Artemis exploration architecture on and
                                     Element NASA       around the Moon.
                                     Glenn Research     Credits: NASA
                                     Center


2019 10 04 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sustainable        This time, when we go to the Moon, we’re going to stay. How can     Transcript
           Research     u.be/uueQd Exploration A        we create a sustainable human presence on another planetary         Link
           Center       6oJMgM       New Paradigm       body? How would future lunar explorers gain access to enough life-
                                     NASA Glenn         sustaining resources like oxygen, water and fuel? In this
                                     Research Center    presentation from our 2019 Evening with the Stars event, NASA
                                                        engineer Diane Linne explains our plans to gather and cultivate the
                                                        necessary resources for astronauts on the lunar surface, and the
                                                        methods and technologies we’re developing to enable this
                                                        capability.
                                                        Credits: NASA


2019 09 13 NASA Glenn   https://yout Orion spacecraft   The Orion spacecraft for Artemis I will head to Ohio for the final     0
           Research     u.be/mtbzw testing at NASA      stretch of major testing before integration with the Space Launch
           Center       1dnytQ       Glenn's Plum       System rocket for launch.
                                     Brook Station,
                                     now the Neil A.    A team of engineers and technicians stand ready to test the
                                     Armstrong Test     spacecraft, consisting of the crew and service modules, under
                                     Facility           simulated extreme in-space conditions in the world’s premier space
                                                        environments test facility at NASA’s Plum Brook Station in Sandusky,
                                                        Ohio.

                                                        Plum Brook Station was renamed the Neil A. Armstrong Test Facility
                                                        on December 30, 2020.

2019 08 13 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA’s Supersonic A scale model of the X-59 QueSST, NASA’s supersonic X-plane,            Transcript
           Research     u.be/9-      X-plane Completes recently completed a test at NASA Glenn’s 8-foot by 6-foot              Link
           Center       WXFsLjYa4 Testing at NASA      supersonic wind tunnel. This test was used to verify the
                                     Glenn Wind        performance of the aircraft’s unique top-mounted engine through
                                     Tunnel.           various flight conditions, from takeoff to nearly one and half times
                                                       the speed of sound (Mach 1.4). The tests were successful in
                                                       demonstrating the X-59’s engine will perform as expected when it
                                                       begins initial flight testing in 2021.
2019 07 25 NASA Glenn   https://yout Hear from NASA     Working in labs all across NASA Glenn Research Center – from       Transcript
           Research     u.be/xY3k2i Glenn Interns on    human resources to facilities to propulsion systems and beyond –   Link
           Center       mRFK8        National Intern    and coming from colleges as near as the University of Akron and as
                                     Day                far away as the University of Hawaii, NASA interns solve real
                                                        problems at Glenn Research Center. We talked with 12 interns about
                                                        their experiences at NASA Glenn.


2019 07 09 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn         From the Apollo program to today, engineers at NASA Glenn have      0
           Research     u.be/ThkZE facilities let       world-class facilities to test, shake, blast and put spacecraft in
           Center       ACxLp8       researchers run    conditions designed to replicate the stresses of space. Now, at the
                                     vehicles,          world’s largest space vacuum chamber, the Orion spacecraft – the
                                     spacecraft         backbone of NASA’s deep-space exploration – is tested.
                                     through the rigors
                                     of space..         Plum Brook Station was renamed the Neil A. Armstrong Test Facility
                                                        on December 30, 2020.


2019 07 09 NASA Glenn   https://yout Lunar Exploration Researchers at NASA Glenn have solved problems enabling             Transcript
           Research     u.be/ASlXBg and NASA Glenn – everything from the rocket design that propelled Apollo and the       Link
           Center       KMxGo        Then and Now.     Lunar Module into space to conducting experiments about how
                                                       liquids and fire behave in microgravity. As NASA moves forward with
                                                       sustainable lunar exploration, we’re developing exercise equipment
                                                       and techniques to battle bone loss and muscle atrophy and finding
                                                       ways to improve air quality for astronauts.


2019 07 09 NASA Glenn   https://yout Ohio’s aviation    From the Wright brothers to astronauts John Glenn and Neil          Transcript
           Research     u.be/sT3K9 pioneers inspire     Armstrong, Ohio’s roots in aviation and spaceflight run deep. One   Link
           Center       Q42sC4       the next           generation inspiring the next. Today, Ohioans are ready to send the
                                     generation of      next generation back to the Moon and onto Mars by developing the
                                     astronauts.        technology needed to get them there.
2019 07 09 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn         Advancements made by researchers in Cleveland, Ohio such as         Transcript
           Research     u.be/UxTPo technology           propulsion technology and liquid hydrogen-liquid oxygen propellant, Link
           Center       DgUxpE       enabled Apollo     helped make the Apollo mission possible. Today, NASA Glenn
                                     and will propel    Research Center builds on this legacy as it develops solar electric
                                     future missions.   propulsion systems that will propel the Gateway in orbit around the
                                                        Moon. Gateway – a temporary home and office for astronauts –
                                                        enables them to access the entire surface of the Moon.


2019 06 26 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn       Acoustic improvement project on NASA Glenn 9 x 15 Wind Tunnel          Transcript
           Research     u.be/77ULP Research Center 9 animation. Take a virtual tour of the 9-by 15-Low-Speed Wind            Link
           Center       BIkO60       x 15 Wind Tunnel Tunnel here: https://www.nasa.gov/specials/9x15360/


2019 05 08 NASA Glenn   https://yout Kilopower—A        In preparation of establishing a sustainable presence on the Moon    Transcript
           Research     u.be/6MtAa New Lunar Power      by 2028, NASA is developing new technologies that will let           Link
           Center       7YkfC8       System NASA        astronauts land, live and explore the surface. In this video, Marc
                                     Glenn              Gibson of NASA’s Glenn Research Center in Cleveland describes
                                                        Kilopower, a power system to enable long-duration stays on
                                                        planetary surfaces, including the Moon and Mars.


2018 12 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Earth and     NASA, in collaboration with the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation,      Transcript
           Research     u.be/3szehu Space Air Prize     selected Applied Particle Technology, LLC as the $100,000 grand-     Link
           Center       rKzZI        Competition        prize winner of its Earth and Space Air Prize Competition.
                                                        Participants were tasked to develop robust, efficient sensors to
                                                        detect tiny airborne particles, known as aerosols, for space and
                                                        Earth environments. From the initial 20 proposals, three finalists
                                                        were awarded $50,000 to build a functioning prototype and test
                                                        designs at NASA Glenn.
2018 10 03 NASA Glenn   https://yout Propulsion       An airfoil is inserted into the test section inside of NASA Glenn’s   Transcript
           Research     u.be/bkJt6n Systems           Propulsion Systems Laboratory where it is exposed to two icing        Link
           Center       B_JM0        Laboratory Icing sprays. Researchers at Glenn create icing cloud conditions and test
                                     Test NASA Glenn jet engine components in order to see what kind of ice accretion
                                     Research Center forms in various conditions. (no audio)


2018 10 01 NASA Glenn   https://yout Janet Kavandi -    In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/a2KzT4 Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.       Link
           Center       Z3qyY        60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 09 27 NASA Glenn   https://yout Marla Perez Davis - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/itAwIP Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       MWA3o        60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th                love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                         our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                         their inspiring stories.


2018 09 24 NASA Glenn   https://yout Janet Lane -       In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/tZOiNj Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.       Link
           Center       CWgq0        60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories
2018 09 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Audrey Gonzalez - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re    Transcript
           Research     u.be/MQo7 Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.         Link
           Center       xMxcP1U      60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 09 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Phyllis Alexander - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/h4SCp Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.         Link
           Center       5vfxH0       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th                love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                         our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                         their inspiring stories.


2018 09 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Xynique Sims -     In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/rBLmm Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       6SbA6M       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 09 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Tina Jicha -       In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/Rg6km Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       UWNSGk       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.
2018 09 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sue Motil -        In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/ogBPD Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       Q13xfU       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 09 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Rochelle May -     In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/0cG_g Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       A-IjiY       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 09 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Melissa Perry -    In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/k1Xtzu Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.       Link
           Center       yvT-0        60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 09 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Maria Choi -       In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/zNyW- Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       pbyzm4       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.
2018 09 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Linda Moore -      In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/arWctJ Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.       Link
           Center       SEaB8        60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 09 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Judy Van Zante - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re     Transcript
           Research     u.be/7CJEAv Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.       Link
           Center       6kjHs        60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 09 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Jacquelynne Houts In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re    Transcript
           Research     u.be/DOQFK - Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.      Link
           Center       bFLZuw       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 09 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Diana Centeno     In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/gmKpH Gomez - Women       celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.  Link
           Center       DCfEJA       at Glenn 60       What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     Seconds for the   love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                     60th              our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                       their inspiring stories.
2018 09 14 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Prepares for NOTE: Previously recorded live video                                      Transcript
           Research     u.be/HMDS Orion’s Ascent       In this Aug. 21 Facebook live video from NASA Glenn Research              Link
           Center       E05Uh0M Abort-2 Test           Center’s Plum Brook Station in Sandusky, Ohio, we take viewers
                                                       inside our Space Environments Complex. This complex houses the
                                                       world’s largest and most powerful space environment simulation
                                                       facilities. Get a look inside the Reverberant Acoustic Test Facility, the
                                                       world's most powerful spacecraft acoustic test chamber, where we
                                                       tested a full-scale version of NASA’s Orion Spacecraft crew module.
                                                       This acoustic test is in preparation for Orion’s Ascent Abort-2 (AA-2)
                                                       test where the spacecraft’s launch abort system, designed to quickly
                                                       get astronauts safely away from their launch vehicle if there is a
                                                       problem, will undergo a full-stress test. Explore more of the Space
                                                       Environments Complex in this 360-degree virtual tour:
                                                       nasa.gov/specials/sec360/

                                                         Plum Brook Station was renamed the Neil A. Armstrong Test Facility
                                                         on December 30, 2020.


2018 09 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout Lauren Demirjian - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/btpIUZ Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.       Link
           Center       i084Q        60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 09 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout Joyce Dever -      In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/yk8esX- Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.      Link
           Center       SY5o         60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 09 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout Janette Briones - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re    Transcript
           Research     u.be/qEdvo Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       K80mNI       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.
2018 09 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout Dionne Hernandez In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/Gaf4E_ Lugo - Women at celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.    Link
           Center       taV70        Glenn 60 Seconds What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     for the 60th     love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                      our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                      their inspiring stories.


2018 09 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout Bridget Caswell - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/M1ZO Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       _g6MqFw 60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th              love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                       our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                       their inspiring stories.


2018 09 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout Anne McNelis -     In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/7NxXD Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       ZTRRQU       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 09 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout Amy Jankovsky - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re      Transcript
           Research     u.be/AWz4F Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       lC7hwo       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.
2018 09 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout Abigail Rodriguez - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/4t96M- Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       iCFzo        60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th                love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                         our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                         their inspiring stories.


2018 08 30 NASA Glenn   https://yout 35th Anniversary     In 2018, we celebrate the 35th anniversary of STS-8, the historic      Transcript
           Research     u.be/5rhRT5 of Guy Bluford's      mission launched on August 30, 1983. The dramatic night launch of      Link
           Center       7B-2M        First Space Flight   the space shuttle Challenger marked an important milestone in
                                                          American history as mission specialist Guion “Guy” Bluford became
                                                          the first African-American astronaut to fly in space. He reflects on
                                                          the significance of his first space flight.


2018 08 24 NASA Glenn   https://yout Vicki Hagerman - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re     Transcript
           Research     u.be/Bqs23 Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       Yu3mrU       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 08 24 NASA Glenn   https://yout Kim Pham -         In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/3Qgi6h Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.       Link
           Center       qCuq8        60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.
2018 08 23 NASA Glenn   https://yout Barbara Wilson - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re     Transcript
           Research     u.be/W9GYc Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       hkpbz8       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 08 23 NASA Glenn   https://yout Lauren Clayman - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re     Transcript
           Research     u.be/CLsZ_e Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.       Link
           Center       tejRY        60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 08 23 NASA Glenn   https://yout Mary Lobo -        In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re   Transcript
           Research     u.be/KCrOg Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       AdXedo       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 08 23 NASA Glenn   https://yout Sydney Schnulo - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re     Transcript
           Research     u.be/CDyR1I Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.       Link
           Center       bI6JE        60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.
2018 08 23 NASA Glenn   https://yout Amy Hiltabidel - In 2018, NASA is celebrating its 60th anniversary. One way we’re     Transcript
           Research     u.be/dDwfz Women at Glenn celebrating is exploring the unique stories of the women at NASA.        Link
           Center       HoHbT4       60 Seconds for the What advice do they have for the next generation? What do they
                                     60th               love about their work? What do they want their legacy to be? Watch
                                                        our Women at Glenn: 60 Seconds for the 60th video series to hear
                                                        their inspiring stories.


2018 08 17 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Uses Shape Engineers from NASA’s Glenn Research Center, NASA’s Armstrong         Transcript
           Research     u.be/RgpuR Memory Alloys to Flight Research Center and Boeing have successfully used shape         Link
           Center       eoirzk       Fold F-18 Wing  memory alloys (SMA) to move a full-sized wing section of an F/A-18
                                                     Hornet. This test is part of a project investigating the use of shape
                                                     memory alloys to fold aircraft wings in flight for enhanced aircraft
                                                     performance. Get the full story at go.nasa.gov/2vUsVwg Credit:
                                                     NASA


2018 07 03 NASA Glenn   https://yout For the Benefit of Vital to advancing NASA missions—we are Glenn Research Center. A Transcript
           Research     u.be/BgF10 All NASA Glenn hub for ingenuity, where every day the best minds in the nation are Link
           Center       YLYadk       Research Center keenly focused on designing game-changing technology that enables
                                                        further exploration of the universe and revolutionizes air travel. We
                                                        never close—we explore and discover for the benefit of all. (music
                                                        only)


2018 06 19 NASA Glenn   https://yout Shape Memory      Shape memory alloys are being used to fold wings of aircraft inflight Transcript
           Research     u.be/-       Alloy F18 Wing    to get better aerodynamic benefits and controls. This F18 wing was Link
           Center       VRhnwVSEg Test                 tested in our research lab. (no sound) Get the full story on this NASA
                        8                              technology at go.nasa.gov/2JQSpDJ Credit : NASA
2018 06 19 NASA Glenn   https://yout Multi-Parameter NASA Engineer Paul Greenberg explains how the MPASS optical              Transcript
           Research     u.be/nZ9V1 Aerosol Scattering sensor characterizes particles suspended in the air. Get the full story Link
           Center       m6p_20       Sensor           on this NASA technology at go.nasa.gov/2JQSpDJ Credit: NASA


2018 04 18 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Takes First 3- A composite 3-D model of NASA's Advanced Colloids Experiment.    Transcript
           Research     u.be/hdEklO D Microscopic        Credits: P&G, NASA and the Center for the Advancement of Science Link
           Center       SLnHA        Image on the        in Space. (no audio)
                                     Space Station


2018 02 14 NASA Glenn   https://yout State of NASA      Twenty-one social media followers visited NASA Glenn on February Transcript
           Research     u.be/mHCFp Social 2018          12th to learn more about the #StateOfNASA and also get tours of      Link
           Center       lu7LMA                          our facilities that are testing advanced concepts for deep space and
                                                        aeronautic research. The group visited our Electric Propulsion Lab,
                                                        Graphics Visualization Lab (GVIS) and our 8 x 6 Wind Tunnel after
                                                        hearing from Acting Administrator Robert Lightfoot about NASA's
                                                        priorities in the years ahead. (music only)


2017 12 28 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn 2017 2017 was a busy year—take a look at some of our work. (music only) Transcript
           Research     u.be/PdH4zi Year in Review                                                                      Link
           Center       PXtzw
2017 12 08 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn’s       Team instructions for the University Student Design Challenge.       Transcript
           Research     u.be/7TeJzx 2017-2018                                                                                Link
           Center       fPqxU        University Student
                                     Design Challenge
                                     Space


2017 12 08 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn’s       Team instructions for the University Student Design Challenge.       Transcript
           Research     u.be/2FX_c 2017-2018                                                                                 Link
           Center       BVRYSY       University Student
                                     Design Challenge
                                     Aeronautics


2017 12 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn         Harvey Schabes, chief of Glenn’s Technology Transfer office, explains Transcript
           Research     u.be/QIjEHE Employee Profile    how NASA technologies developed for space can benefit society         Link
           Center       ADX1k        Harvey Schabes     through practical Earth applications.


2017 11 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn's       The game changing material that dramatically advanced the            Transcript
           Research     u.be/m3F42 Shape Memory         development of spring tires was nickel titanium, a shape memory      Link
           Center       ttA3o8       Alloy Tires Part 2 alloy with amazing capabilities as explained by Santo Padula. For
                                                        more information visit www.nasa.gov/specials/wheels/
2017 11 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn's       In one particular moment of serendipity, Engineer Colin Creager and Transcript
           Research     u.be/sCZtht Shape Memory        Materials Scientist Santo Padula had a conversation at Glenn        Link
           Center       gql6U        Alloy Tires Part 1 Research Center that completely changed the path forward. For
                                                        more information visit www.nasa.gov/specials/wheels/


2017 11 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn's        So, why are shape memory alloys the key to success for this new        Transcript
           Research     u.be/cvBaPd Shape Memory         generation of spring tires? It has to do with the atomic structure.    Link
           Center       O5DrQ        Alloy Spring Tire   Take a look to find out. For more information visit "Reinventing the
                                     Animation           Wheel" | NASA Glenn Research Center at
                                                         www.nasa.gov/specials/wheels/ (no audio)


2017 11 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn's         After building the shape memory alloy tire, Glenn engineers sent it   Transcript
           Research     u.be/KLpCrf Shape Memory          to NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory for testing. It performed         Link
           Center       BO_e4        Alloy Tire Life Test impressively on the punishing track.

                                                         For more information visit www.nasa.gov/specials/wheels/ (no
                                                         audio)


2017 11 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout From the Moon to While NASA was developing rovers to send to Mars, there was also Transcript
           Research     u.be/dlxJ65 Mars              interest in taking a new look at returning to the moon. NASA Glenn Link
           Center       WRy0E                         engineers rebuilt Apollo era tires and developed new designs using
                                                      newer materials and technology to better function on a lunar
                                                      surface. For more information visit www.nasa.gov/specials/wheels/
                                                      (no audio)
2017 11 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout Airless Tires on   Recently, engineers and materials scientists have been testing a         Transcript
           Research     u.be/E4KNY Earth                spinoff spring tire version that would work on cars and trucks on        Link
           Center       _Gdf70                          Earth. After attaching the tire to a vehicle, NASA scientists drove it
                                                        on gravel and rocky surfaces. For more information see
                                                        www.nasa.gov/specials/wheels/ (no audio)


2017 11 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout Lunar Roving       The last NASA vehicle to visit the moon was the Lunar Roving           Transcript
           Research     u.be/AXAms Vehicle              Vehicle. This manned vehicle used four large flexible wire mesh        Link
           Center       axoehs                          wheels with stiff inner frames to prevent over-deflection. Thin tread
                                                        strips were attached to the carcass to enhance flotation in soft lunar
                                                        soil. For more information see www.nasa.gov/specials/wheels/ (no
                                                        audio)


2017 11 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout Traction and        The TREC rig (Traction and Excavation Capabilities Rig) moves tires Transcript
           Research     u.be/mX1y_ Excavation            through sandy soils similar to Mars and gathers data about rotation, Link
           Center       HQx1kY       Capabilities (TREC) traction, force, and load capabilities. For more information visit
                                     Rig at Glenn        www.nasa.gov/specials/wheels/ (no audio)
                                     Research Center


2017 11 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout STARC-ABL          Animation of NASA’s concept aircraft, STARC-ABL, which utilizes    Transcript
           Research     u.be/dOK44 Animation            advanced propulsion technologies to decrease fuel usage, emissions Link
           Center       6jAsAw                          and noise.(music only)
2017 10 13 NASA Glenn   https://yout Hispanic Heritage Dr. Evan Pineda talks about what inspired his career as an aerospace Transcript
           Research     u.be/kC87o Month Profile Dr. engineer and his work on the Space Launch System rocket.               Link
           Center       wr3dMs       Evan Pineda


2017 10 12 NASA Glenn   https://yout Water and Ping     Researchers from Oregon's Portland State University test how a     Transcript
           Research     u.be/hI8fg_ Pong Ball-          floating ping pong ball reacts in microgravity.(no sound)          Link
           Center       d67fU        Microgravity
                                     Experiment


2017 10 11 NASA Glenn   https://yout Researchers    Stainless steel edge samples are used to test icing conditions in      Transcript
           Research     u.be/jW5wf Develop New Tool Glenn’s Icing Research Tunnel as scientists prepare to examine         Link
           Center       7sttBc       to Evaluate    icephobic coatings for aircraft components. (no sound)
                                     Icephobic
                                     Materials


2017 10 04 NASA Glenn   https://yout Hispanic Heritage Dr. Dionne Hernandez-Lugo explains how we’re using drones to     Transcript
           Research     u.be/NLg1X Month Profile Dr. monitor Lake Erie’s harmful algae and shares her story of becoming Link
           Center       F6376E       Dionne Hernandez- a NASA researcher.
                                     Lugo
2017 09 22 NASA Glenn   https://yout Women at NASA     Our leaders have a message for girls & women: There's nothing you Transcript
           Research     u.be/S22gC are Shaping the     can't be—we can shape the world of tomorrow.                      Link
           Center       uBTWF8       World of
                                     Tomorrow


2017 09 22 NASA Glenn   https://yout Journey to Mars   A journey of about six months, Mars is a difficult target to get to, but Transcript
           Research     u.be/_WW-                      that’s exactly what we’re planning to do. In this presentation from Link
           Center       DXdq6PQ                        our 2017 Evening with the Stars event, NASA Glenn researcher Dr.
                                                       Aaron Weaver explains our plan to send humans to explore a foreign
                                                       world for the first time since the end of Apollo.


2017 09 22 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn        We’ve developed supersonic aircraft, walked on the moon, created a Transcript
           Research     u.be/fgnbZ4 Facilities and     reusable space shuttle and an orbiting laboratory, and now we’re       Link
           Center       zDBRE        Capabilities      developing a spacecraft to take us to Mars. None of these mission
                                                       accomplishments would have been possible without stringent and
                                                       realistic testing. In this presentation from our 2017 Evening with the
                                                       Stars event, NASA Glenn engineer Mary Lobo explains how we
                                                       accurately simulate some of the harshest conditions found in the air
                                                       and space to enable technology breakthroughs.


2017 08 22 NASA Glenn   https://yout Solar Eclipse  Meteorologist Eric Aldrich, Atmospheric Science Instructor for the      Transcript
           Research     u.be/nqeb_ Through the Eyes University of Missouri School of Natural Resources, hosts a segment Link
           Center       Nzrupk       of NASA        of the live NASA TV broadcast from Jefferson City, Missouri during
                                                    the total solar eclipse across America. This segment features Dr.
                                                    Tamitha Skov, space weather expert and research scientist from The
                                                    Aerospace Corporation; and Dr. Janet Kavandi, Glenn’s center
                                                    director and Missouri native. The trio discussed space weather,
                                                    space communications and astronaut health and safety during the
                                                    total eclipse. Over the course of 100 minutes, 14 states across the
                                                    United States experienced more than two minutes of darkness in the
                                                    middle of the day. Jefferson City was featured as part of NASA’s
                                                    coast-to-coast television coverage of the eclipse’s path of totality in
                                                    the United States, from Oregon to South Carolina.
2017 06 20 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn’s       NASA Glenn engineer Dr. Dan Raible explains how future              Transcript
           Research     u.be/iOrSlN Integrated Radio    developments in space communications will advance space science     Link
           Center       m-SCY        and Optical        and exploration at the 2015 Evening with the Stars event.
                                     Communications
                                     (iROC) Project


2017 06 15 NASA Glenn   https://yout Exercise          The Exercise Countermeasures Laboratory at NASA Glenn Research Transcript
           Research     u.be/PYZM Countermeasures Center provides high-fidelity weightlessness for exercise simulations Link
           Center       OD9abMI      Lab at NASA Glenn for developing exercise countermeasure devices, equipment and
                                                       exercise protocols for spaceflight.


2017 06 15 NASA Glenn   https://yout Engine Testing     An engine roars to life in a space simulation vacuum chamber at      Transcript
           Research     u.be/BZ9wV Inside the In-       NASA Glenn’s Plum Brook Station. The In-Space Propulsion Facility is Link
           Center       qX23kY       Space Propulsion   the world's only facility capable of testing full-scale, upper-stage
                                     Facility at Plum   launch vehicles and rocket engines under simulated high-altitude
                                     Brook Station      conditions. (no sound)


2017 06 13 NASA Glenn   https://yout The Future of      The Future of Aviation: Quieter. Cleaner. Faster. (music only)      Transcript
           Research     u.be/V1Ohp Aviation                                                                                 Link
           Center       5jvMlo
2017 05 17 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Announces NASA’s Glenn Research Center announces the winners of its first       Transcript
           Research     u.be/2e4- University Student University Student Design Challenge.                                 Link
           Center       8XUTkQI      Design Challenge
                                     Winners


2017 05 17 NASA Glenn   https://yout Airplanes and   NASA Glenn Exhibits Technician John Oldham creates models for        Transcript
           Research     u.be/NliJbSy Astronauts Meet public outreach events to tell NASA’s story.                         Link
           Center       HwFw         Maker John
                                     Oldham


2017 05 09 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn        The NASA Glenn Research Center in Cleveland, Ohio designs and      Transcript
           Research     u.be/5VHPa Expertise           develops innovative technology to advance NASA’s missions in       Link
           Center       nW6F4E                         aeronautics and space exploration.(no audio)


2017 05 01 NASA Glenn   https://yout Preparing NASA    We are using our vacuum chamber to test the Hall Effect Rocket      Transcript
           Research     u.be/_YDj4J Glenn's Vacuum     with Magnetic Shielding (HERMeS) thruster, which could propel       Link
           Center       wqoU4        Chamber to Test   NASA’s future vehicles to deep space. It operates at 12.5 kW; three
                                     High-Powered      times greater power than existing systems. (audio-music)
                                     Thruster.
                                                       Video credit: NASA
                                                       Rami Daud, Alcyon Technical Services
2017 04 12 NASA Glenn   https://yout Makers Series -    NASA Glenn engineer Diane Linne has designed a mining device that Transcript
           Research     u.be/tgMZY Diane Linne          will help extract water from the Martian soil.                    Link
           Center       me9SRc


2017 03 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Orion Test Article Orion test article underwent pyroshock tests, which simulated the   Transcript
           Research     u.be/mQsIz Pyroshock Test       shock the service module will experience as it separates from the   Link
           Center       wrfM0A                          SLS during launch.


2017 03 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout Meet Maker         NASA Glenn scientist Gustavo Costa created a device from spare    Transcript
           Research     u.be/EGQCC Gustavo Costa        parts to measure the chemical mixture in our extreme environments Link
           Center       xHm-cs                          rig.


2017 02 15 NASA Glenn   https://yout Meet Maker Kyle    NASA Glenn Engineer Kyle Johnson creates structures from scratch    Transcript
           Research     u.be/Gnb5v Johnson              that keep work moving forward at the center’s SLOPE Lab.            Link
           Center       WyCGTI
2017 01 04 NASA Glenn   https://yout Celebrating Our    This year NASA Glenn celebrated its 75th year. Take a look back at   Transcript
           Research     u.be/7yXne Diamond              the celebration of our diamond anniversary.                          Link
           Center       K7nmoM       Anniversary


2016 12 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Flow Caster        NASA Glenn’s large-scale, 5 kg planar flow caster cools a vat of      Transcript
           Research     u.be/_hjImu Produces Custom     molten metallic alloy, producing a magnetic ribbon that spouts into a Link
           Center       aqjxg        Alloy Magnetic     collection bin. The caster has the ability to produce a magnetized
                                     Ribbon             ribbon that measures up to one mile long and 50 mm wide to
                                                        support NASA’s hybrid electric aircraft propulsion and power
                                                        management work. (no sound)


2016 12 13 NASA Glenn   https://yout Meet Roger         The third installment of the Meet the Makers of NASA Glenn Series    Transcript
           Research     u.be/SvI2lsd Tokars, a Maker at features engineer Roger Tokars who designed and built an optical     Link
           Center       UV5U         NASA Glenn         sensor that is helping NASA image algal blooms on the Great Lakes
                                                        and inland waterways.


2016 12 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout Boundary Layer     This animation shows an engine fan and inlet ingesting boundary      Transcript
           Research     u.be/TbSbe Inlet Animation      layer air in a wind tunnel. (no sound)                               Link
           Center       gHa1_M       NASA Glenn
                                     Research Center
2016 11 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout Science of Saffire   Our Saffire experiment fires up in space on Monday to look at how   Transcript
           Research     u.be/-bT-                         fire behaves in microgravity on 9 different spacecraft materials.   Link
           Center       C59uuE8                           Saffire manager Gary Ruff explains how fire works here on Earth.


2016 11 14 NASA Glenn   https://yout Future Air Vehicles- A brief commentary on the University Student Design Challenge       Transcript
           Research     u.be/JWOvd Concepts and           aeronautics project.                                                Link
           Center       O7ZKNY       Operations in
                                     Metropolitan
                                     Areas


2016 10 31 NASA Glenn   https://yout Orion Test Article Time-lapse video shows the move of Orion’s service module from        Transcript
           Research     u.be/00Xs3 on the Move          the vibration table to the assembly high bay area in Plum Brook’s     Link
           Center       XnXvg0                          Space Power Facility. (no sound)


2016 10 25 NASA Glenn   https://yout Othmane Shape        Shape memory alloys are materials that can be stretched and         Transcript
           Research     u.be/Ectisda Memory Alloy         reshaped by applying heat to the source. (no audio)                 Link
           Center       Jv8I         Demo
2016 10 25 NASA Glenn   https://yout Meet the Makers The second installment of the Meet the Makers of NASA Glenn            Transcript
           Research     u.be/GErWF of NASA Glenn     Series features engineer Othmane Benafan has created a rock            Link
           Center       SBlxDg       Othmane Benafan splitter that will help NASA explore the rocky surface of Mars in this
                                                     next edition of the Makers of Glenn Series.


2016 10 18 NASA Glenn   https://yout Director Dr. Janet NASA Glenn center director Dr. Janet Kavandi introduces the         Transcript
           Research     u.be/NWnjI Kavandi Student University Student Design Challenge.                                     Link
           Center       kAbrfU       Design Challenge
                                     Welcome Message


2016 10 13 NASA Glenn   https://yout Orion Vibe Test at A full-scale test version of the Orion service module undergoes      Transcript
           Research     u.be/SX3P- NASA Glenn’s         vibration tests on the world’s most powerful spacecraft shaker       Link
           Center       foK_mw       Plum Brook         system at NASA Glenn’s Plum Brook Station. The tests are designed
                                     Station            to ensure the service module can withstand the intense vibrations it
                                                        will experience when it launches and travels into space aboard the
                                                        powerful Space Launch System rocket. (no audio)


2016 09 29 NASA Glenn   https://yout Maker Series       NASA Glenn’s Larry Greer is an engineer who designs and creates     Transcript
           Research     u.be/ki-     Larry Greer        gear to advance the center’s research.                              Link
           Center       bb8LczlA
2016 09 28 NASA Glenn   https://yout Abigail Rodriguez   Abigail Rodriguez serves as a structural materials engineer at the       0
           Research     u.be/vRXPT Aerospace             National Aeronautics and Space Administration's John H. Glenn
           Center       wUp1Fk       Technologist,       Research Center in Cleveland. In this capacity she provides technical
                                     Structural          engineering expertise that assures incorporation of safety, reliability,
                                     Materials NASA      quality assurance, and materials and processes in hardware
                                     Glenn Research      development, fabrication, testing and operation efforts for
                                     Center              aerospace and aeronautical projects. She also provides risk
                                                         management insight and oversight to different projects.

                                                         Abigail began here NASA career as a spring intern in 2009 at
                                                         Kennedy Space Center and a summer intern at Glenn from 2009-
                                                         2012. She also served as a pathways intern from January 2013 to
                                                         June 2014 before being hired full time in the Safety and Mission
                                                         Assurance Directorate as a Materials and Processes Engineer.

                                                         Born in Queens, NY, Abigail moved to Añasco, Puerto Rico when she
                                                         was a year old. She earned a Bachelor of Science degree in civil
                                                         engineering and a Master of Engineering degree in construction
                                                         engineering and management from the University of Puerto Rico at
                                                         Mayaguez.

                                                         Abigail has been recognized with a 2016 Early Career Achievement
                                                         Medal.


2016 08 31 NASA Glenn   https://yout Ceramic Matrix      NASA Glenn Engineer Valerie Wiesner describes the research she is       Transcript
           Research     u.be/KzxC2 Composite             conducting into ceramic matrix composite components for next            Link
           Center       U4N2q8       Research            generation aircraft engines.


2016 06 01 NASA Glenn   https://yout Join NASA Glenn This year is NASA Glenn's 75th anniversary, and the celebration      Transcript
           Research     u.be/z7pfBr for an Open House continues with an open house at Plum Brook Station in Sandusky,     Link
           Center       hvFNE        at Plum Brook    Ohio. See space exploration exhibits at the Kalahari Convention
                                     Station          Center and then take a bus to Plum Brook Station to tour our world-
                                                      class test facilities.
2016 05 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout Celebrate NASA     Join us for an exciting Open House celebrating NASA Glenn’s 75th     Transcript
           Research     u.be/sXv-    Glenn’s 75th       anniversary. Our staff will guide you through world-class facilities Link
           Center       hp1g9go      Anniversary at our and show you the technologies that contribute to the future of NASA
                                     Open House         in aeronautics and our journey to Mars.

                                                        Each day will feature special presentations by NASA Glenn’s
                                                        technologists and researchers and hands-on activities for kids
                                                        including making a handheld jet engine, straw rockets and solar
                                                        energy bracelets as well as demonstration carts on lunar robotics,
                                                        soda bottle rockets, alternative energy and more.

                                                        And it’s all free! Join us from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday and Sunday.

                                                        https://www.nasa.gov/feature/open-the-gates-nasa-glenn-invites-
                                                        the-public-for-a-weekend-visit


2016 05 05 NASA Glenn   https://yout When Hot Engines Research scientists at NASA Glenn recently put cameras into a hot   Transcript
           Research     u.be/L_6Hxv meet Ice Clouds   aircraft engine to help understand how ice builds up inside when    Link
           Center       wHsdg                         exposed to ice crystal clouds. The cameras and other advanced
                                                      instruments were mounted on a small section of the engine internal
                                                      flow path, where air passes through the engine, during a simulated
                                                      experiment in the Propulsion Systems Lab. (no sound) feature story:
                                                      http://www.nasa.gov/feature/when-hot-engines-meet-ice-clouds


2016 03 15 NASA Glenn   https://yout Orion Solar Array An international team of engineers deployed an Orion solar array  Transcript
           Research     u.be/Zvon9 Wing Passes First wing at NASA Glenn’s Plum Brook Station in Sandusky, Ohio on Feb. Link
           Center       nqBA2Q       Test              29. The deployment of the 24-foot wing qualification model was an
                                                       important first step in verifying Orion’s power system for the
                                                       spacecraft’s first flight atop the agency’s Space Launch System
                                                       rocket. The mission, known as Exploration Mission-1 or EM-1, will
                                                       venture tens of thousands of miles beyond the moon. See story and
                                                       photos: http://go.nasa.gov/1Uw6wLD


2016 03 08 NASA Glenn   https://yout Heart Pump     When children are born with half a heart, they need medical        Transcript
           Research     u.be/ujjTdc Motor Animation intervention to stay alive. This animation shows how a heart pump Link
           Center       no388                       motor, using NASA Glenn’s flywheel technology, can work as part of
                                                    a system being developed to help patients live into adulthood. (no
                                                    sound)

                                                        NASA/Eric Mindek
2016 03 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout Women@GRC           The Women@GRC 2015 video features incredible women from             Transcript
           Research     u.be/EUwm 2015                   Glenn Research Center tell their stories and offer encouragement to Link
           Center       zvXxWls                          women and girls who are considering a career at NASA.


2016 03 03 NASA Glenn   https://yout How to Change a Astronaut Scott Kelly gets ready to change a white light lamp on the Transcript
           Research     u.be/PDc3ru Light Bulb in Space optics bench of the Fluids Integrated Rack, a microgravity science Link
           Center       OGGW4                           facility in the space station’s Destiny Laboratory. (no sound)


2016 03 01 NASA Glenn   https://yout John Glenn          On March 1, 1999, the Lewis Research Center was officially renamed Transcript
           Research     u.be/QMhYl Reflects on Lewis     the NASA John H. Glenn Research Center at Lewis Field. The name      Link
           Center       ulhPYs       Research Center     change was celebrated with a full day of festivities on May 7, 1999.
                                     Renaming            Senator Glenn reflects on the honor and his legacy.


2016 02 19 NASA Glenn   https://yout Upside Down,       The multiple-axis space test inertia facility, fondly called "the gimbal Transcript
           Research     u.be/6mmE Inside Out John rig," simulated tumble-type maneuvers that might be encountered Link
           Center       wAc_8z0      Glenn Recalls      in space flight. From February 15 through March 4, 1960, the gimbal
                                     Astronaut Training rig provided valuable training for all seven Project Mercury
                                     on the Gimbal Rig astronauts. John Glenn explains how it worked and what the
                                                        experience was like.
2016 02 03 NASA Glenn   https://yout Administrator     NASA Glenn celebrated the kickoff of its year long celebration to      Transcript
           Research     u.be/g21HIx Bolden             commemorate the 75th anniversary of the center on January 25.          Link
           Center       XfJ8A        congratulates     NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden issued his congratulations and
                                     NASA Glenn on its appreciation for all the contributions NASA Glenn has made to the
                                     75th anniversary advancement of aeronautics and space flight.


2016 01 25 NASA Glenn   https://yout John Glenn offers As the NASA Glenn Research Center begins our celebration of our        Transcript
           Research     u.be/7IvQhp congratulations to 75th anniversary, our namesake, Senator John H. Glenn offers his       Link
           Center       aMC7A        NASA Glenn for    congratulations.
                                     75th Anniversary


2016 01 05 NASA Glenn   https://yout Hybrid Electric    NASA and industry leaders are looking at new, more efficient designs Transcript
           Research     u.be/WJeM Aircraft Concept      in aircraft that use hybrid electric propulsion to provide thrust and Link
           Center       eXgKPWU                         power for flight. (no sound)


2015 12 10 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Celebrates    Biography-                                                            Transcript
           Research     u.be/55pRv Native American                                                                            Link
           Center       Se8fEQ       Heritage Month –   Joseph W. Connolly is currently working as an Aerospace Engineer in
                                     Joseph W.          the Intelligent Control and Autonomy Branch at the NASA Glenn
                                     Connolly           Research Center in Cleveland, Ohio. In this position, Joe develops
                                                        dynamic models of supersonic propulsion systems for Aero-Propulso-
                                                        Servo-Ealsticity research under the Commercial Supersonic
                                                        Technology project, and is the task lead for Model-Based Engine
                                                        Control under Transformative Tools and Technologies project. Joe
                                                        earned his B.S. in Aerospace Engineering and B.A. in Sociology from
                                                        the Ohio State University in 2004, his M.S. in Control Systems from
                                                        Case Western Reserve University in 2009, and is currently a PhD.
                                                        Candidate at Ohio State University in Aerospace Engineering.
2015 11 20 NASA Glenn   https://yout Hispanic Profile -   Dionne M. Hernández Lugo, Ph.D., graduate of the University of        Transcript
           Research     u.be/pbRiTx Dionne M.             Puerto Rico is a research electrical engineer at NASA Glenn Research Link
           Center       zANmM        Hernández Lugo,      Center in Cleveland, Ohio. She serves as the principal investigator
                                     Ph.D.                for the development of high-energy lithium-metal battery
                                                          technologies. Her responsibilities include the development and
                                                          testing of next generation lithium-metal battery technologies as well
                                                          as leading a multidisciplinary team in the development of high-
                                                          energy materials.

                                                          Hernández Lugo is also a lead test engineer for the Advanced Space
                                                          Power Systems Program. In this position, she works with
                                                          commercial battery vendors in the integration and development of
                                                          batteries.

2015 11 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout ANGEL Planetary      On September 4, 2015, NASA Glenn’s Rocket University team           Transcript
           Research     u.be/sJNK5e Science Balloon       launched a balloon in New Mexico to demonstrate the controlled      Link
           Center       SOf6U        Mission              descent of a high altitude balloon payload to a predetermined
                                                          landing site. The payload elevated to 120,000 feet and then
                                                          disconnected from the balloon and was guided to the landing site by
                                                          a paragliding parachute.

                                                          The ANGEL experiment demonstrated how the Airborne Systems,
                                                          Inc. Guided Precision Aerial Delivery System (GPADS) can benefit
                                                          planetary science balloon missions through a risk-reduction flight
                                                          test for high altitude balloon operations allowing for faster and
                                                          cheaper recovery. Additionally, the impact forces experienced on
                                                          landing are reduced with GPADS versus conventional parachutes.
                                                          ANGEL shows a greater range of space science able to be performed
                                                          with more sensitive equipment, as payload survivability is increased
                                                          due to the system’s unique ability to perform a flared, into-the-wind
                                                          landing.

                                                          The ANGEL System is comprised of a drogue chute, ram-air canopy,
                                                          and gondola, and will be taken to float altitude on the CSBF host
                                                          vehicle and released. The integrated system will then cleanly
                                                          separate and will land within the targeted impact zone. Landing
                                                          loads, GPS and flight attitude and telemetry will be collected. ANGEL
                                                          is an important first step towards maturing steerable paraglider
                                                          technology and improving recoverability for high altitude balloon
                                                          missions. (sound- natural wind only)


2015 09 11 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn        NASA Glenn is leading an experiment that seeks to understand how Transcript
           Research     u.be/0JkQ1 Saffire experiment fire spreads in a microgravity environment. Saffire I, II, and III will Link
           Center       2JluJ0       Watch how it will launch separately in 2016 aboard resupply missions to the ISS. But
                                     be conducted in they will not be unloaded and after the Orbital/ATK Cygnus pulls far
                                     space.            away from the space station, the experiments will begin. This
                                                       animation explains how it all works.
2015 06 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn’s      NASA Glenn’s Plasma Spray-Physical Vapor Deposition Rig uses a          Transcript
           Research     u.be/jVNMT Plasma Spray-       torch to create a high-powered plasma that vaporizes ceramic            Link
           Center       ZM7XvE       Physical Vapor    material and deposits it onto aircraft engine parts to protect them
                                     Deposition Rig    from extreme environments.


2015 06 04 NASA Glenn   https://yout John Glenn        It’s been 100 years since the National Advisory Committee for           Transcript
           Research     u.be/brQ6z reflects on the     Aeronautics (NACA) was founded to advance aviation. Eventually it       Link
           Center       pfEeNg       legacy of the     would include space flight research and change its name to the
                                     NACA pt. 4        National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).

                                                       John Glenn was first a Marine test pilot and was among those who
                                                       would push the envelope in aviation. In a series of interviews, Glenn
                                                       reflects on NACA's impact in aviation research.

                                                       In this fourth installment, John Glenn discusses the importance of
                                                       NACA’s transition to NASA.


2015 05 28 NASA Glenn   https://yout John Glenn on    It’s been 100 years since the National Advisory Committee for         Transcript
           Research     u.be/vsWA2 NACA transition to Aeronautics (NACA) was founded to advance aviation. Eventually it Link
           Center       y7Dx2k       NASA             would include space flight research and change its name to the
                                                      National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).
                                                      John Glenn was first a Marine test pilot and was among those who
                                                      would push the envelope in aviation. In a series of interviews, Glenn
                                                      reflects on NACA's impact in aviation research.
                                                      In this third installment, John Glenn discusses the importance of
                                                      NACA and NASA research.


2015 05 21 NASA Glenn   https://yout John Glenn        It’s been 100 years since the National Advisory Committee for     Transcript
           Research     u.be/RTj7P2 reflects on the    Aeronautics (NACA) was founded to advance aviation. Eventually it Link
           Center       0WCP0        legacy of the     would include space flight research and change its name to the
                                     NACA part 2       National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).

                                                       John Glenn was first a Marine test pilot and was among those who
                                                       would push the envelope in aviation. In a series of interviews, Glenn
                                                       reflects on NACA's impact in aviation research.

                                                       In this second video in the series, John Glenn discusses how the
                                                       Whitcomb Area Rule changed the shape of aircraft.
2015 05 14 NASA Glenn   https://yout John Glenn         It’s been 100 years since the National Advisory Committee for     Transcript
           Research     u.be/nK9Nx reflects on the      Aeronautics (NACA) was founded to advance aviation. Eventually it Link
           Center       UQam1k       legacy of the      would include space flight research and change its name to the
                                     NACA               National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).

                                                        John Glenn was first a Marine test pilot and was among those who
                                                        would push the envelope in aviation. In a series of interviews, Glenn
                                                        reflects on NACA's impact in aviation research.

                                                        In this first video, John Glenn explains how early advances made by
                                                        NACA benefited him as a Marine Corps fighter pilot.


2015 04 13 NASA Glenn   https://yout Hubble@25 -        Expanding Our Universe: NASA Glenn's Contributions to Extend the        Transcript
           Research     u.be/lPfI5U- Glenn's            Life of the Hubble Space Telescope                                      Link
           Center       Ogck         Contribution to
                                     Hubble


2015 02 27 NASA Glenn   https://yout Women@GRC          Ready to be inspired? Be sure to check out a new video featuring all Transcript
           Research     u.be/-       Video Honors       of Glenn’s nominees for the 2014 Women@NASA interactive              Link
           Center       41MPHAsQk Inspirational         project. The video provides a glimpse of our nominees and their
                        8            Women              inspirational messages, which offer encouragement to women and
                                                        girls who are considering a career at NASA.


2015 02 03 NASA Glenn   https://yout Titan Submarine    What would a submarine to explore the liquid methane seas of         Transcript
           Research     u.be/NnKxb Exploring the        Saturn's Moon Titan look like? This video shows one submarine        Link
           Center       dpLP5E       Depths of Kraken   concept that would explore both the shoreline and the depths of this
                                     Mare               strange world that has methane rain, rivers and seas! The design
                                                        was developed for the NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts (NIAC)
                                                        Program, by NASA Glenn's COMPASS Team, and technologists and
                                                        scientists from the Applied Physics Lab and submarine designers
                                                        from the Applied Research Lab. [music only - no narration]
2014 04 01 NASA Glenn   https://yout Astronaut Karen   NASA Astronaut Karen Nyberg visited NASA Glenn Research Center Transcript
           Research     u.be/Rg0A Nyberg Visits        on March 20 for a post-flight briefing with the center's International Link
           Center       WmsjDro      NASA Glenn        Space Station space experiments and human health team.


2014 03 20 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn        Interested in a career at NASA Glenn Research Center in Cleveland,     Transcript
           Research     u.be/931SX Careers             OH? This video will show you our employees in action, and the          Link
           Center       klAeO8                         technical expertise that continues to grow at Glenn. To apply, visit
                                                       www.usajobs.gov


2014 02 26 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn       NASA Glenn Research Center designed, constructed, transported       Transcript
           Research     u.be/4C3Rp Research Center's and helped integrate the Upper Stage Simulator for the near flawless Link
           Center       u8vkiE       Contributions to Ares I-X rocket test flight in October 2009.
                                     the Ares I-X
                                     Rocket Test


2014 02 13 NASA Glenn   https://yout Buckeye Regional Inventor and FIRST Founder Dean Kamen launched the 2014 FIRST Transcript
           Research     u.be/jVXhC FIRST Robotics     Robotics Competition season with the Kickoff of a new robotics        Link
           Center       mZxppI       Kickoff          game called AERIAL ASSIST. Over 100 high-school students from
                                                      Ohio and Erie Pa., joined the 2014 Kickoff via live NASA-TV broadcast
                                                      at Cuyahoga Community College Unified Technologies Center.

                                                       Once these young inventors build a robot, their teams will
                                                       participate in the Buckeye Regional FIRST Robotics Competition that
                                                       measure the effectiveness of each robot, the power of collaboration
                                                       and the determination of students.
2013 12 05 NASA Glenn   https://yout Software Defined    Through a collaborative effort, the award winning NASA/Harris Ka-       Transcript
           Research     u.be/jrZAH- Radio Offers         band Software Defined Radio (SDR) is the first, fully                   Link
           Center       3RD3o        Flexible Platform   reprogrammable, space qualified SDR operating in the Ka-band
                                     to Further Space    frequency range.
                                     Science


2013 09 09 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA’s              A gridded ion thruster uses electrical energy to create, accelerate     Transcript
           Research     u.be/0Kl-    Evolutionary        and neutralize positively charged ions to generate thrust. The          Link
           Center       vromzaQ      Xenon Thruster      discharge chamber is responsible for the creation of ions when
                                     (NEXT) Gridded      neutral atoms and electrons collide while the magnetic field
                                     Ion Thruster        containing the electrons increases ionization efficiency.

                                                         The screen and accelerator electrodes accelerate the ions to
                                                         extremely high speeds using electric fields. The neutralizer provides
                                                         additional electrons to balance the overall charge being ejected from
                                                         the thruster and keep the spacecraft electrically neutral.
                                                         Learn more at go.nasa.gov/18IWxYY

                                                         NASA animation credit:
                                                         Eric S. Mindek (Wyle Information Systems, LLC)


2013 08 16 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn          The mission shown here was the Stratospheric Terahertz              Transcript
           Research     u.be/hK_kW Research Center       Observatory (STO), launched on January 15, 2012 from Antarctica. It Link
           Center       N0BsKs       Balloon Mission     studied large dense molecular clouds in the southern sky of the
                                     Launch              Milky Way. The BRRISON mission, explained here -
                                                         (http://go.nasa.gov/1bDq2xP) is using many of the STO subsystems
                                                         (computers, pointing, and stabilization equipment).


2013 08 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout Celebrating         Check out this year's class of nominees from NASA Glenn for the         Transcript
           Research     u.be/yDoUR Inspirational         agency's Women@NASA project, which celebrates women from                Link
           Center       8Msf2w       Women at Glenn      across the agency who contribute to NASA's mission in many ways.
                                                         This video provides a glimpse of Glenn's nominees and their
                                                         inspirational messages, which offer encouragement to women and
                                                         girls who are considering a career at NASA.
                                                         For more information about Women@NASA, visit
                                                         http://women.nasa.gov/.
2013 05 14 NASA Glenn   https://yout Ice Accreation      This animation shows how ice accretion can occur when an airplane, Transcript
           Research     u.be/DE0x3 Animation             with a turbofan engine, travels through a high altitude ice crystal Link
           Center       RYpsK8                           cloud.


2013 04 15 NASA Glenn   https://yout Non-Flow-Through This animation shows a fuel cell similar to the one installed on the      Transcript
           Research     u.be/XGNcH Fuel Cell          hydrogen powered bus. The fuel cell is made of many stacked, thin         Link
           Center       56JZvU                        layers. When hydrogen and air enter each of these layers, the
                                                      hydrogen gas molecules (red particles) are split into two positive
                                                      hydrogen ions and two electrons.

                                                         The electrons flow through an external circuit producing electricity
                                                         to run the motor. The hydrogen passes through the membrane,
                                                         combining with oxygen (green particles) to form water, which is
                                                         expelled.

                                                         The yellow particles represent impurities, such as argon gas, that
                                                         build up in the system but are eventually purged.

2013 04 15 NASA Glenn   https://yout Tree Biomechanics Understanding the biomechanics of tree failure was the purpose of a Transcript
           Research     u.be/gqQL4j Research with      research project conducted by NASA Glenn Research Center and        Link
           Center       GHHig        NASA Technology Morton Arboretum. With support from the Tree Fund, scientists
                                                       learned more about how trees fail under wind and snow loads.


2013 03 13 NASA Glenn   https://yout Building a Career   In this episode of NASA Now three experts who work in very             Transcript
           Research     u.be/puB_ at NASA                different fields at NASA discuss their jobs, responsibilities and what Link
           Center       WBUWJDc                          they enjoy most about their work. They also talk about what inspired
                                                         them to pursue their careers and offer career advice to students.
                                                         Silicon carbide sensors, developed at Glenn to function in high-
                                                         temperature and harsh environments, are also featured in this video
                                                         for their new role in power distribution and jet engines.
2013 03 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout The Future of   NASA astronaut Greg Johnson discusses the future of space              Transcript
           Research     u.be/Lq63sV Space Travel     exploration and the logical progression of sending humans to Mars.     Link
           Center       CEkQ0                        He talks about sending astronauts back to the moon and the
                                                     possibility of building a lunar habitat to understand more about
                                                     working and living in space. See how NASA Glenn's Spring Tire
                                                     technology is being used in the Mars mission as well as how it may
                                                     be used here on Earth.


2013 03 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout Careers From    Join educator and astronaut Dottie Metcalf-Lindenburger as she       Transcript
           Research     u.be/KcKr_L Teacher to       describes her dream job and the exciting adventures of space travel. Link
           Center       FLpxs        Astronaut       Also learn about how research done on atomic oxygen at NASA
                                                     Glenn is enabling the restoration of artwork and decontamination of
                                                     surgical implants.


2013 03 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Now The    Join Dr. Liz Warren as she discusses some very serious negative long- Transcript
           Research     u.be/fgr09j_ Body in Space   term effects and some interesting short-term changes the human        Link
           Center       CcyI                         body experiences in space. Learn how an inflatable communications
                                                     technology developed at NASA Glenn is benefiting disaster relief
                                                     efforts around the world.


2013 03 07 NASA Glenn   https://yout Friction Stir   Shane Brooke, welding engineer at Marshall Space Flight Center in      Transcript
           Research     u.be/DINv4r Welding          Huntsville, Ala., discusses friction stir welding and its use in the   Link
           Center       eWYg4                        engineering of spacecraft. Also see how NASA' Glenn's composite
                                                     fan case technology is benefiting not only the aeronautics industry
                                                     but also the sporting goods industry.
2012 09 14 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Space        The NASA Space Communications and Navigation (SCaN) program       Transcript
           Research     u.be/1-      Communications    develops a wide range of new and innovative technologies enabling Link
           Center       MBBLQyBL and Navigation        NASA mission communication and navigation needs. This video
                        w                              discusses how SCaN utilizes the NASA Small Business Innovative
                                                       Research (SBIR) program to engage with and harness the
                                                       technological innovation of small American businesses.


2012 05 15 NASA Glenn   https://yout TWEET UP.mov      John Glenn Tweetup celebrating the 50th anniversary of John       Transcript
           Research     u.be/-                         Glenn's orbital flight of Friendship 7.                           Link
           Center       jVAqaaHy6g


2011 10 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout September 11 A    A video compilation of employee testimonies of where they were on Transcript
           Research     u.be/px0Z99 Decade Later       September 11, 2001, as well as what this tragedy means to them.   Link
           Center       Z3Qxk        Glenn's
                                     Remembrance
                                     Program [Event]


2011 10 03 NASA Glenn   https://yout September 11 A    A continuation of employee testimonies of where they were on      Transcript
           Research     u.be/47pZZ Decade Later        September 11, 2001, as well as what this tragedy means to them.   Link
           Center       VlG478       Glenn's
                                     Remembrance
                                     Program (cont.)
                                     [Code D]
2011 09 30 NASA Glenn   https://yout September 11 A    A continuation of employee testimonies of where they were on      Transcript
           Research     u.be/_Il5Ur Decade Later       September 11, 2001, as well as what this tragedy means to them.   Link
           Center       Gs5FM        Glenn's
                                     Remembrance
                                     Program (cont.)
                                     [Codes R,T]


2011 09 30 NASA Glenn   https://yout September 11 A    A continuation of employee testimonies of where they were on      Transcript
           Research     u.be/2a00E Decade Later        September 11, 2001, as well as what this tragedy means to them.   Link
           Center       ewks_U       Glenn's
                                     Remembrance
                                     Program (cont.)
                                     [Codes F,H,K,M]


2011 09 30 NASA Glenn   https://yout September 11 A    911, September 911 Codes V_Q_N_G_                                 Transcript
           Research     u.be/gsEqJX Decade Later                                                                         Link
           Center       CEMzs        Glenn's
                                     Remembrance
                                     Program (cont.)
                                     [Codes V,Q,N,G]


2011 09 30 NASA Glenn   https://yout September 11 A    A continuation of employee testimonies of where they were on      Transcript
           Research     u.be/XrUasr Decade Later       September 11, 2001, as well as what this tragedy means to them.   Link
           Center       A_20A        Glenn's
                                     Remembrance
                                     Program (cont.)
                                     [Codes A,S,B,C]
2011 07 14 NASA Glenn   https://yout NASA Glenn Honor The 2011 NASA Glenn Honor Awards Ceremony opened with a               Transcript
           Research     u.be/lwIDW Awards 2011        unique tribute to this year's award winners. A music video            Link
           Center       8ZgE8g                        spotlighted this year's award-winning teams and individuals in a very
                                                      personal way. Award winners were asked to come up with three
                                                      words to represent their work, their passions or something unique
                                                      to them either as a team or as an individual.


2011 04 05 NASA Glenn   https://yout Super Thin        New technology being developed at NASA's Glenn Research Center      Transcript
           Research     u.be/mNLj_ Ceramic Coatings - creates super thin ceramic coatings on engine components. The        Link
           Center       pcaadg       The Next          Plasma Spray -- Physical Vapor Deposition (PS-PVD) rig uses a
                                     Generation of Gas powerful plasma flame to vaporize ceramic powder, which
                                     Turbine Engine    condenses onto the component and forms a uniform ceramic
                                     Technology        coating. Bryan Harder, the lead for the PS-PVD, demonstrates the
                                                       innovative technology.


2009 06 05 NASA Glenn   https://yout Defying Gravity    NASA Glenn engineers teach students the physics of spaceflight     Transcript
           Research     u.be/zUi7L7 NASA Glenn          during Math and Science Week at Cedar Point Amusement Park in      Link
           Center       VLwr4                           Sandusky, Ohio. Read more about the event and the similarities
                                                        between amusement park rides and spaceflight at
                                                        http://www.nasa.gov/topics/nasalife/features/defy_gravity.html


2009 05 08 NASA Glenn   https://yout Designing Faster   NASA research lead to a new design that makes airplanes faster and Transcript
           Research     u.be/Z1LKl1 Planes              more fuel efficient.                                               Link
           Center       meT1s
2009 04 06 NASA Glenn   https://yout Quieter Aircraft   NASA research is making airplanes quieter.                           Transcript
           Research     u.be/3LORf                                                                                           Link
           Center       7nkYho


2009 03 30 NASA Glenn   https://yout Safer Landings     NASA research resulted in grooved runways and highways.              Transcript
           Research     u.be/qzQkb                                                                                           Link
           Center       LOGI4o


2009 02 27 NASA Glenn   https://yout Ohio Astronauts 19 Ohio astronauts appeared in Cleveland August 29, 2008 to           Transcript
           Research     u.be/TCZu0 Celebrate NASA's celebrate NASA's 50th anniversary. John Glenn, the first American to Link
           Center       VjEACE       50th            orbit Earth, Neil Armstrong, the first person to walk on the moon,
                                                     Jim Lovell, veteran of two Apollo missions, and Kathryn Sullivan, the
                                                     first woman to walk in space joined 15 other astronauts from Ohio.

                                                        The Ohio aerospace community hosted the event to celebrate 50
                                                        years of NASA innovation, inspiration, and discovery, the
                                                        achievements of NASA's Glenn Research Center, and to salute Ohio's
                                                        astronauts.

                                                        Glenn, a former Ohio senator, was the honorary chairman of the
                                                        event and veteran NBC News Space Correspondent Jay Barbree, the
                                                        only journalist to cover every manned space launch in the United
                                                        States, was the keynote speaker.

                                                        Barbree moderated "A Conversation with the Astronauts," during
                                                        which the 19 astronauts in attendance reminisced about their
                                                        spaceflight experiences. These are the highlights of the
                                                        conversation.

2009 02 27 NASA Glenn   https://yout Preventing Ice on NASA improves aviation safety in dangerous weather conditions         Transcript
           Research     u.be/23WG Aircraft             through research, pilot training and invention.                       Link
           Center       3t8Gh-M
2009 02 27 NASA Glenn   https://yout Aircraft Weather   A NASA communication system helps pilots and air traffic controllers Transcript
           Research     u.be/Tl5k0_ Communication       plan for bad weather.                                                Link
           Center       nO9hk


2009 02 09 NASA Glenn   https://yout Mind-Reading       Advanced technology could help pilots when they are operating         Transcript
           Research     u.be/QNfJrlj Research           under dangerous levels of stress, fatigue and distraction. Read about Link
           Center       cokA                            the study at
                                                        http://www.nasa.gov/topics/aeronautics/features/pilot_cognition.h
                                                        tml


2008 12 10 NASA Glenn   https://yout Shuttle Debris     Glenn engineers helped NASA return the shuttle to flight by testing Transcript
           Research     u.be/suniiic Impact Testing     its wing panels for resistance to damage from foam and ice. Read    Link
           Center       o7z4                            more about this project at
                                                        http://www.nasa.gov/returntoflight/crew/Ballistics_RTF_Feature.ht
                                                        ml


2008 12 04 NASA Glenn   https://yout Gimbal Rig         The old multiple-axis space test inertia facility at NASA Glenn, fondly Transcript
           Research     u.be/M3m5                       called "the gimbal rig," simulated tumble-type maneuvers that might Link
           Center       npzgVLY                         be encountered in space flight. All Mercury astronauts trained on
                                                        this rig. Find out more about the gimbal rig at
                                                        http://www.nasa.gov/centers/glenn/about/history/mastif.html
2008 12 03 NASA Glenn   https://yout A Window to the   After his father has cataract surgery, a NASA Glenn scientist invents Transcript
           Research     u.be/7t868z Body               a new way to diagnose the disease before surgery is necessary. Find Link
           Center       yq2nU                          out about NASA Glenn's contributions to medical science at
                                                       http://www.nasa.gov/centers/glenn/moonandmars/med.html
