{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T11:42:38Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 123527, "source_ctime_ns": 1790386885951898668, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1952-10-00_Journal-of-the-Franklin-Institute---Vol-254-No-4.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790386885947599608, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1952-10-00_Journal-of-the-Franklin-Institute---Vol-254-No-4.pdf", "source_sha256": "bedbdbb3e2bfdbe0b58bff473dc930df8851715190b2652490ab234dc7a61231"}

352                            CmrnENT ToP1cs                             [J. F. I.

     The instrument, embodying latest advances in industrial optics, is available
 in a large range of wide field objectives and wide field eyepieces to provide the
 variety in size of field, working distance, and magnification needed for the new-
est specialized factory applications.
     A typical combination of wide usefulness, for instance, would be a 1.0 ob-
jective in combination with a 10 eyepiece, which would give 10 magnification
with a 0. 79-in. field and a 3. 77-in. working distance.
     Through other combinations, magnification up to 150 is possible.
     The microscope was designed in response to demands from industry for an
instrument which could cope with the ever-increasing precision of working
tolerances, according to James R. Benford, head of the Bausch & Lomb micro-
scope design department.
     "In the last 15 years, working tolerances of .0001 inches and less have be-
come almost commonplace instead of the rarity they used to be," Benford
pointed out. "This has resulted in a need for increased use of optical instru-
ments in both manufacturing and inspection."
    The industrial stereomicroscope permits comfortable observation of an
enlarged image with a wide field of view, long working distance and thtee-
dimensional, easily-interpreted qualities. When built into a machine, assem-
bly, or inspection set-up, it provides for continuing observation of the operation
so that manufacturing and inspection standards can be adhered to, especially
in such processes as fine machining, assembling of minute parts, and making
tiny welds in electronic wiring.
    It embodies vertical eyepiece tubes with adjustments for interpupillary
distance and balancing acuity of the observer's eyes, binocular dustproof prism
bodies, and illuminator socket.

    Framing Anchors as Joist Hangers.-lnstructions on the use of Trip-L-
Grip framing anchors as joist hangers are detailed in a new folder being distrib-
uted to architects and home builders by Timber Engineering Company, affili-
ate of National Lumber Manufacturers Association.
    Although the anchors are designed for all secondary connections in wood
frame construction, they have their largest use as joist hangers because of
resultant economies in time, labor, materials and spa:ce. They are adjustable,
on the job, to joists of uneven width and depth, and can be applied before
installation. They eliminate ledger strips and all notching, fitting and shim-
ming of joists, and do away with old-fashioned toenailing of other connections.
    An increasing use of these framing anchors is in clear span construction
with trussed rafters. By placing the anchors in position on the plate in ad-
vance, the trussed rafters are erected more quickly and easily.
    Detail drawings of other uses of the anchors are included in the folder,
copies of which may be obtained on request to Timber Engineering Company,
1319 18th Street, N. W., Washington 6, D. C.

   Flying Saucers.-An electrical distharge phenomenon produced in a
vacuum bell jar at the Engineer Research and Development Laboratories,
Fort Belvoir, Va., may be a possible solution to the mystery of "flying saucers,"
according to Noel W. Scott, physicist.                                       ·
   Working with the vacuum bell jar on experiments in mirror and lens coat-
Oct., 1952.]                   CURRENT TOPICS                                 353
ing, Mr. Scott produced an eerie orange object that bears a striking similarity
to the "flying saucers" that many claim to have seen.
     For the press, Scott demonstrated the "saucers" and made them behave
very much like the real thing. He pumped air out of the bell jar to create a
partial vacuum. The air left in the jar was electrified by discharge between
highly charged electrodes. He then introduced air from the outside which
caused a relatively bright glow to form on some portions of the positive elec-
trode. By varying the amount of air introduced into the jar the color of the
 "saucers" varied from orange-red to purple, pink to white. The introduction
of helium into the chamber produced a green "saucer."
     The "saucers" were produced in many of the shapes that have been sighted
to date. A wave of a magnet outside the jar and the laboratory-made "saucers"
skirted elusively about the rim of the jar, stood still, reversed their fields and
 in general behaved very much like the real things are said to behave. "The
saucers," Mr. Scott said, "remain stationary, move at an excessive rate of
speed or change direction almost instantly by altering the direction and inten-
 sity of the rays and the electric and magnetic fields, and by changing the atmos-
pheric pressure." This may explain why airplanes, attempting to fly near them,
 have failed in detecting or sighting them. Once any factor responsible for the
 formation of this phenomenon is changed, the "saucer" might completely
 engulf an object, attach itself to it, repel it or fade out completely. Scott also
 stated the "saucers" have enough substance to cause "blips" and be picked up
 on radar screens.
     Scott said he came upon the "saucers" quite by accident and does not offer
 this explanation as the only answer to the nationwide "saucers" problem. "It
 is just one theory," he said, "and not even a new one at that." This theory-
 the ionization or electrification of air-is well known in science and has been
 advanced before. Actually, what Mr. Scott did was associate this theory with
 the "flying saucers" mystery that has kept the nation guessing since 194 7.
 He did this by producing on the laboratory level, a phenomenon peculiar to
 the upper atmosphere.
     "Flying saucers" are thought to possess the same family characteristics as
 other illuminating atmospheric phenomena. Mr. Scott said, "they probably
 lie somewhere between the two extremes of streak lightning and the multi-
 colored Aurora Borealis."
     During the several demonstrations for television, magazine, newspaper and
 newsreel companies at the Engineer Research and Development Laboratories,
 Mr. Scott repeatedly stated: "The atmospheric conditions necessary for pro-
 ducing this phenomenon are not the prevailing conditions that exist in the upper
 atmosphere. However, it is not altogether improbable that there may be
 'occasional' local conditions responsible for this glow which might be inter-
 preted as 'flying saucers.' "

   Hen's Egg Playing Important Role in Fight Against Rabies.- The common,
everyday hen's egg, so popular on America's breakfast tables, is playing a
vital role in medical science's efforts to eradicate rabies and other virus-
caused diseases. You may like your eggs sunny-side-up, soft boiled, or
poached, but scientists at Lederle Laboratories like theirs embryonated. No,
that's not a new omelette; it's an egg with a living embryo. In fact, they
like these eggs so well that they have used as many as 12,000,000 a year.
