{"created_utc": "2026-09-21T03:15:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 543230, "source_ctime_ns": 1788592907149461063, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1958-05-01---Saucerian-Bulletin---Vol-3-No-2.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788592907132988349, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1958-05-01---Saucerian-Bulletin---Vol-3-No-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "5647ab7f47164711d22da4979acb86043d756b545ee079945acc8f9ce1a8380c"}

test News                        'DIE SAUCER.IAN BULLETJN                          SauGerian
    About                Vol. 3, No. 2 -- ltbr Release May 1, 1958                   Publication
l41ying Saucers                                                                          #17


          SAUCERlAN EXCLUSIVE: lNYEN'lOR CIADlS '.10 HAVE CONQUERED GHAVl'fil Pictured above is
Otis T. Carr, president of OTC Enterprises, lnc., of Bal ti.more, Md., holding a "mock-up" model
of what might be termed a J.t'lying Saucer. lie take this much s pace for the photo because Mr. carr
told us in a long telephone interview that the picture contains hints as to the actual method
of propulsion; then he quoted a Biblical phrase, "He who hath an eye let him see."
          Carr told us he had demonstrated a mock-up to "government scientists" in Washington,
and tmt government representatives had also inspected his work at his Baltimore workshop. 'Ihe
scientists, according to Carr, agreed that he was correct in basic theory, and that principles
he revealed would allow such a craft to take flight.
          We began the interview by saying, ''Mr. Carr, being a scientist you probably laugh at
what are termed '.1'1ying Saucers, "'at which point he interrupted in a quite definite manner:
          "No, I certainly do not laugh at anyone speaking of EIECTRIJ!'IED !''LY.ING OBJEClSl"
          '!hen I questioned him further about the project.      Carr, a 52-year-old native of Elkins,
Page 2                                  THE SAIJCERJAN BULLETIN                               1~5:.
                                                                                        May ·1,
w. Va., had financed his research with his own modest funds and through private funds
by friends. He said he had built many working models. His professional experience, he said,
                                                                                           supplied~  ·
included a dozen different jobs ranging from opera ting a locomotive to working as a night clerk
in a hotel, a job he resigned from two years ago when OTC Enterprises was formed.
           'Ille principle of his invention or discovery was, he said, relatively simple, which in-
volved taking electrical power from the air. 'Ille same "free energy" which caused the Earth to
rotate on its axis and orbit around the sun would turn a machine he described as two cones joined
at their circular basis. When the rotation of such a machine reaches a certain velocity relative
to the Earth's orbital velocity, Carr said it would take off. brom what we could learn from
his rather technical language, the machine, in essence, involves a kind of central core which
is chemical in nature and functions like a storage battery, only it taps a1mospheric electricity.
The machine would function both in our a1mosphere and in space.
           CARR'S PROPOS!'.l'!ON ro 'ilfE GOVERNMENT: OTC Enterprises would build a working craft,
circular in design, and approximately 45 feet in diameter by 15 feet in height~ with a crew
compar1ment that would accomodate at least three persons in comfort under conditions encountered
to within 1,000 miles from the Earth. 'lhe craft would depart from any specified location in the
continental United States, orbit one or more times outside the Earth& a1mosphere, and land its
crew safely within the inner rotunda courtyard of the Pentagon Building in Washington, or at any
other location best suited to public observation. Th.e craft would be powered "from natural.
environmental sources acting in motion-concert with self-contained chemical components of the
Utron power-package and needing no additive, servicing, or replacement prior to at least one
year of operation in or out of the a1mosphere."
           Our unders1anding is that OTC Enterprises would collect no monies until delivery at
which time the firm would be paid $20,000,000 for the first unit, and could purchase addi tion4
identical units at $4,000,000. Delivery would be approximately 24 months at quoted prices,
sooner at more cost.
           'lhe Government, according to C&rr, was at first enthusiastic, then turned thwnbs down,
and issued a release discrediting his discovery.
           '!HE BULLET.IN is trying to learn more. Meanwhile the Editor is inspecting a large
p.cket of data from OTC.• including one beautiful brochure equal to something which General
Motors might issue, and which looks as if it would cost a fortune to print. Reg~dless of
whether or not Carr can build a Flying Saucer, there is surely money behind the ccmcern.
           Carr is going ahead on·.·his Dim, ha.a offered his inventions to private industry, and
will develop his "Electrified J:llyDg Objects" independent of U~cle Sam.        It was rumored that
Carr would offer his discovery to the Soviet Government, but there was no mention of this in
the interview. Unfortunately space does not permit a more complete article on Carr, but we hope
to have more in the next issue. 'Diis inf orma ti.on reached us just as we were about ready to go
to press, and we hUITie dl.,y included it (even pushing the rather startling i.nfarma tion from George
Adamski to the last two pages of this issue).
           A few more points about Carr to be elaborated on later a He believes in J:llying Saucers
as they are sighted today. He feels they may come either from space or some unknown source on
the Earth. He offered certain infcrmation to the Government in 1949, feels actual. development
from that inf oraa ti.on could have been made by Uncle Sam. He also believes sone saucers could be
"electrical life" created in atomic explosions. But as we say, mare later.
           n· YOU WANT A BIG saucer publication, subscribe to '1HE UJ:l'OLOGER, published bi-monthly
by James Villard and DanTashburn, 3312 R. St., N.W., Washington, D.C. $2.00 per year. The
latest issues contains 21 pages, many photographs.
            SAUCER REVlElf AND ABSTRACTS is the name of a nev saucerzine being published by
  Rochester Saucerian Research Center, 155 'Drird St., Rochester S, N.Y. $1.50 year, 30¢ a copy.
            RUTH IAVIGNE, 30 Highland Court, Bristol, Conn., has a booklet out titled "'Dlere Shall
  Be Signs," including some of her sightings. Price $1.25. Write to her not to us.
            CONCERNING OUR NO'JE in last issue that it was rumored the book, "'DIE 'IHIR.D EYE," was
  a hoax, by now most ·readers will have read the TIME .Magazine writeup on alleged Lama, T. Lobsang
  Ramps, who really wasn• t a Lama at all, and who had never even been to Tibet. Private
  detectives, hired by a Tibetan association, discovered his name vas really Cyril Henry Hoskins,
  a plumber's son. Hoskins now claims his fascinating book (we have it at $3.50) was written
  while he was under the possession of the spirit of a real Ti.betian monk. Well, this could be,
  but "Rampa" should have represented it in that way in the first place. Even if fiction, the
  book contains many truths most people will profit from, and regardless of exposure of the
  alleged "hoax," the book will        always occupy a most prominent position on my own personal
  book shelf, and no doubt will be re-read many times. Lobsang, we still love youl
- ..
'

    .·.                                                                                  May 1, 1958
     Page 3                           'lllE SAU CERIAN BULLE TlN
                                         0

                 lhe accounts of AC'lUAL MEETINGS Willl SPACE PEOPLE keep cropping up. Where there is
      smoke, there is likely to be fire, but we doubt very mu.ch_ if all of them are true. Edmund
     Rucker, of El Cajun, Calif., is one of the latest Earthi.ans to be so visited, according to an
     account he wrote to the San Diego Union on Dece¢.er 6 of la.st year. Rucker was skeptical of
     saucers in general, he said, until he had an exp~rience that even made him doubt his own senses.
                Rucker thought it was a plane which had awakened him, but it had an unusual sound
     and aroused his curiosity enough for him to get out of bed. He looked out the window and was
     amazed to see what looked like a strange kind of helicopter descending into his back yard.
      lhe thing had ·windows, and he saw strange looking heads inside. A side door opened and a 1i ttle
     man, followmby others, got out. lhey were about four feet tall, were green, had large heads
      ''with dome-like foreheads and bulging eyeballs•"
                Rucker's spacemen didn't have German accents, spoke English distinctly. lhey told him
     he shouldn't be skeptical about space people and space craft from other worlds. lhey were gentle
     about their reproach, however, and smiled as they talked. 'lhe spokesman said he and his crew
     were from Venus, which had a civilization centuries ahead of Earth •. Again he assured Rucker
      they were friendly and meant no harm.
                Th.en the account took up overtones of the old stories of witches and demons, for
     as the first cock crowed the little men appeared to get nervous, got back into their machine
     and soon flew away. Rucker didn't think to awaken his wife, so he was the only witness.
                lHE BUUETJN received the above account via Norbert Gariety, whp runs a very interesting
     publication,probably better than this one, titled SPACE (267 Alhambra Circle, Coral Gables,
     F:l.a. --monthly, $3.00 per year). One of SPACE's on-the-job co?Tespondents personally drove to
     El Cajon and interviewed RLicker, vho. he found to be be 50 years old and who lived in an attract-
     ive neighborhood. lhe investigator, Joe Cromwell, told SPACE he was convinced that "Rucker' s
     claim holds a lot of truth. 11 He added that Rucker said he had seen physical. beings and that it
     did not involve a psychic experience.
                lhe current issue of SPACE also notes a very brief account of a truck driver, Malvan
     Stevens, who claimed to see four 4i'      little men near a grounded UFO on a highway near Meridian,
     Miss, on November ;r. I\(~
                HERE'S A REPORT b'ROM OC roBER of last year which -was held up un ti1 one of our own   °~
     investigators could get us a report on it. lhen somehow it was crowded out of the last two I J. /
     issues. lhe sighting involves Mrs. Edward Yeager who lives in a trailer on the Duanesburg- 0 t1°
      Church road ex-tension near Schenectady, N.Y. Mrs. Yeager reported to deputies and Mariavile ..s-7
     Fire Chief Everett Smith that she had seen a spaceship land and little creatures emerge from
     it. Here is the report from our investigator vho prefers not to have her name mentioned:
                11 1 have jus't finished talking to Mrs. Mabel Yeager who saw a space ship land near her

     trailer on Duanesburg-Church Road, near Mariaville Lake.
               "She is a woman of normal intelligence, good looking and young, probably 25 to 30. She
     has two small children: a little girl of ldndergarten age, and a baby boy 10 months old, bright
     aid active like his older sister. We had a little difficulty getting together as she has no
     telephone; and my husband made two runs up there before he found her, then gave her a letter
     from me, after which she con1acted me by phone. 'lhen I made aITangements to meet her at her
     trailer home.
                "'lhe sightings took place on October 9 and 10 0 On Wednesday, the 9th, her neighbor had
     asked her to look after her children at her trailer until she returned from shopping 0 She had
     made cookies and hot chocola. te for them and was sitting in front of the picture window in the
     trailer, waiting for the school bus which would bring the children home. It was a cloudy, cold
     day, the wind blowing quite hard. Something caught her eye and she thought some of her neighbors•
     clothes had blown off the line and out toward an open field. On second look, she spotted a
     round object which reflected light like aluminum. It went down behind the hill, was gone about
     2 to 3 minutes, then re-appeared as it ascended.
         to(\o 11 lhe next day about the same time she was out in her yard to the left of the trailer
     feeding her chickens and ducks, and was returning when she suddenly heard a noise which was
     similar to a pinwheel that you might put on your car, but much 'louder. 'lhe poultry began running
     in all directions, squawking loudly. She noted that even the drake that was formerly apparently
     afraid of nothing also appeared to be greatly frightened. lhen she looked up and saw the same
     object she had witnessed the previous day, which this time settled to within about six feet of
     the ground. 'lWo small dark objects got out and hopped into the woods near the trailer. Mrs.
     Yeager didn't get a clear view of 'them; she is not sure wheiher it was because she was frightened
     or because they were moving so fast they appeared to be a blur.
                                                                                                        ..
 Page 4                               'lllE SAUCERDN BULLET.IN                                 May 1, 1958
               "'lhe object stayed 1here about two minutes, then took off in a vertical direction,
  sucking up leaves, grass, dirt, etc., with it for a short distance, and then the stuff dropped
   to the ground. '!he machine made the same whirring noise she had heard before. By this time
  she was thoroughly frightened. She went into the trailer, grabbed up the baby, then got into
  the jeep and drove to her friend's house up the road. When she arrived she told them what she
  had seen and of course they laughed and went to look out the window. 'lhe elder of the two ladies
  looked at her noted she was white and shaking; then they began to believe she really did see
  something. When the school bus came shortly afterward she asked the- driver what she should do,
  and related her experience. 'lhe driver advised her to notify 1he police, and she called the
  N.Y. State Police at the barracks in niansburg. At first the authorities didn't believe her,
  but when she asked for police protection they finally sent two s1:ate troopers to the site of the
  landing, along with a Deputy Sheriff. 'lhe woods were searcher\,           with no success at finding the
  little man, if that was what it was.
                ''liha t wasn • t in the papers was 1he fact that a Lab man who works in a laboratory in
  a nearby city (and I will eventually have his name and address) was interested enough to go up
   1here, and found some white material on the ground tJ:at looked like lime -- although no lime
  had ever been used 1here. It was stuck fa.st to the grass. He took samples of it and is going
  to give Mrs. Yeager a report on it. 'lhe bus driver said he thought he had seen two of the
  saucers (of the same t,ype) side by side in a field around that same time."
               'HEU., lHAT lfAS A WEIRD REPORT, since complicated, we unders1:and through our corres-
  pondent, by a visit to Mrs. Yeager by a little black man, but the report is too fragmentary to
  include. Perhaps we can draw out some more of this from our reporter. We have another weird
  report, but have to work in here somewhere the information about Van Tassel's annual Spacecraft
  Convention, which will be held this year on Saturday and Sunday, May 31-June 1. 'lhe editor may
  be able to make the convention, not that he necessarily endorses the claims of Van Ta.ssel, but
  for the reason of meeting so many other "saucerers" there. Now even if we, ourselves, do not
  claim to be a supporter of VanTassel, perhaps some of you are interested in learning more ci>out
  the fellow, who claims contact with space people, mainly through radio and telepathy. With this
  in mind we are arranging to supply Van Ta.ssel•s second book, INlU '.WIS WORLD AND OUT AGAIN. We
  have it in stock at $1.50. It is paper bound.
               NOW HOLD ON ro YOUR HATS, for here's a letter from a woman who believes she has seen
  a couple of dero, people from cav.rns beneath the earth, as described in the writings of Richard
  s. Shaver. Incidentally, Mrs. Cosette Weiss, of I.as Cruces, N.M., is in the same general busi-
  ness as the editor (she operates a drive-in movie theatre), and she writes as follows:
               "'lhis may not mean anything at all, and then again it might, so I'm going to tell
  you. As I have told you before, we own a theatre at Mesilla Park (a suburb of I.as Cruces) and
  there I have the opportunity of meeting a lot of people. About two months ago a gypsy man and
  woman moved into Mesilla Park and set up permanent residence here. She tells fortunes, and he
  has a used car lot. 'lhey are quite peculiar people -- not like ordinary gypsies at all. They
  dress well and they drive a beautiful. new car. last night I decided to put her to a little
  test while she waited in the lobby of our theatre.
               "I casually asked her i f she lmew anything about 1he Shaver Mystery. Well it seemed to
  scare her to death and she said, 'No, I don't know anything about it.• But why would she have
  been so frightened? Shaver stated tJ:at not all gypsies are what they pretend to be. He said
  some of them come from the caverns. You may think I'm foolish to even wonder about this, but
  since I've lived in Los Cruces and become interested in UFOs, I lave had many strange experiences.
  Some very frightening things I cannot explain. I shall continue to watch these people."
               'HELL, OF COURSE MRS. WEISS· IS .lt'OOLISH, but aren't we all? And it is often the foolish
  people, who are looking for unlikely things, who put things together and come up with startling
  and workable new ideas. Incidentally, Mrs. Weiss received a ra1her strange letter from an .A.lt'
  man, regarding one of her sightings. 'lhe letter itself was not strange; it merely asked for
  information about a sighting she had experienced. But the letterhead WAS peculiar. It was not
  printed, but typed -- as follows1 H~dquarters, Electronics SerVices Unit 4, m.ENIAN PROXIMI.AN
  AERO .l40RCES (3RD METAUJNAN .l!'LEEl') Crookston, Minnesota. That's one for the the books I A hoax?
  maybe.
-      'l,HE SAUCERIAN BULLETIN is edited and published by Gray Barke':, Box 2~2~, Clarks~urg, W. Va.;
u. c. Lucchesi, General Consultant; August c. Rober~s, Photograph1~ Techn1c1an; Publ1sh7d often
1:hough on no regular schedule, mainly when we have important new~. 35¢ sample copy, 6 issues
$2.00 (Foreign subscribers except Canada and Mex. ~dd ~0¢ per 6 1s~ues for extra 1st class pos-
 tage). We need clippings and news about UFOs and 1t will help·us 1f you order books from us.
r .. ,
       .·,   ,.,.
 .·
 Page 5                                    THE SAUCERIAN BULIETIN                           May 1, 1958
               GEORGE ADAMSKI
                   Advisor


                                       COSMIC SCIENCE
                                                        STAB ROUTE
                                              VALLEY CENTER, CALIFORNIA   Febraury 17, 195 8
       Dear Mr. Barker:
                  Although it bas been a long time since I have received your bulletina, I knov you
       are kept busy with them e.nd other vork. I em sending you this information because I believe
       you will be interested in it e.nd able to use it vell.
                  As you can see from the date on the envelope, the original letter was mailed on
       December 16th. I hesitated releasing it because I did not vant to cause any trouble for
       Mr. Straith. Yet the letter ve.s of no value until released. So I inV'estigated in every
       wq possible to be sure of vho Mr. staith was and of whether or not be would be hurt.
                  The time bas nov come for the people of our nation to knov of the contents of
       his letter and to act, if they want the truth of our interplanetary visitors, vhich could
       also lead into paths of peace and interplanetary scientific develo!1J1ent rather than
       destruction which is nov staring us in the face.
                  Tberefore I em es king you and everyone I knml to get this in:fo:nnation to the
       people in every ve;y possible and without unnecessary delay.
                 From unimpeachable sources I have learned that the Air Force is in no poisiton
      to give such information to the people. It is a subordinate department of service in our
      government whose leaders are appointed and can be released from duty by orders from one
       person higher up. Onq from Congress can such information come. And from the contents of
       the aocom.paeying photostat letter ve leam that the state Department, through its own
       researches, does have the faots.
                  The members of Congress are elected by the people       As their representatives,
      each such representative oves a responsibility to the people vho put him. in office. And it
      is these men alone vho are in a position to give this truth to the people of our nation
      and to the vor ld.
                  Booklet !fl. of Questions and Ansvera will arrive .fran the printers next veek.
      In it is a copy of this letter. And vith it in mailing vill be a letter asking the people
      to vrite to Vice President Nixon, their senators and their representatives in the House
      demanding that they release the facts which they have available to them regarding the space
      travelers. Since these men look: to the votes of the people to keep them in office, I em
      asking the people to tell their representatives that unless the truth that is so bad4'
      wanted and needed is forthcoming within the near future, they need not look for support and
      reelection in coming elections. Pres. BiaenlJover is not eligible for reelection.
                 As I have been told, the people, .,according to our Constitution, have it in their
      hands to be given the truth. They have now 'been tol4 ·hOv to getitt. So it is up to them
      to prove vhether or not they- are einoereq interested 1n the matter, auggioient~ to act.
      For if Wesh1ngton is flooded vith lettera, teleg:rmm, telephone calls and visitors
      demanding this one thing, results vill be torthcoaiDs quiokq.
                  Mr. Straith experienced quite a 'battle vith:ln himelt before writiDS that letter.
      He k:nev vhat oould be its results, ·and the :m&D1' poaeibilities f'aoing hmselt q t :many others
      if the people of our nation were not wbolehearte4q sincere 1~ their atteapts to have
      authoritative into:rmation revealed. Ana to haYe oaaplete suooeea there aut be prompt and
      united effort from every part of our nation.
                  Photostats have been eent to Jll8.D1' natiom an4 tbe people there are but waiting
      word from here to give it pul»lio releue. I aa sending it trolll hare to all who have
      expressed 6Jl7 interest in the matter •. Ana I ma uldng the support of f!!re'r7 group I know
      to get the vord around. I oan do no more. But thie v1ll prove how vell the .American
      people oan stand together and work as one toward the accom;pliament of a goal vita~
      important to the entire world, but without J1Dnetar,r reoaqase, at least at present, to
      a~one.
                     With best 'Wishes to y-ou alvqa,

      GA:Jm
                                                                                                                                                                                                 ·~

Page 6                                                               mE SAIJCERI&N BULIETlN                                                                           May 1, 1958
             YOU HAVE JUST READ A U:T'lER d<»l GEORGE AD6.HSKI, on page 5, i f you have been reading
through 'DIE BULLETIN from the beginning. lfe wanted to reproduce this letter photographically,
so that everyone would know it wasn't made up or misquoted in any wa,y. In publishing this
letter, without any investigation, we certainly do not endorse it as fact, because directly and
in effect, George Adamski maims a claim even           (to us) more startling than his previous
accounts of meeting space people and riding in their craft.
             MORE IMPORUNT mAN ADA.MSK1 1 S U:T'JER was another letter (in photostat form) which he
 enclosed. 'Dtis photostat was of a letter written on State Dept. stationary, which is al.most an
 endorsement of Adamski'& claims, though the writer of the letter is careful to say it is a per-
 sonal communication, "and is not to be construed as an official communication of the Department."
             Such a letter and such an endorsement_, even 'though limited, is almost impossible for
us to believe, and n aren't speaking of Adamski's claims, but the fact that a government offi-
cial would go out on such a limb.
             1HERE COULD BE A GOOD EXPLANATION other than that Adamski believes. Maybe some offi-
cial went out on a personal limb, not feeling 1hat Adamski would publicize the letter (which
he eviden t1y intends to do through the booklet he mentions ) • We thoroughly suspect that such
an individual is in very hot water, for regardless of whether or not the government, the AJ.t' or
the Department of State believes that Adamski actually met space people, it would be too much
of an about-face to official.ly endorse saucers from space at thisatime
             NOW lHE BULLETIN tends to be over-skeptical, maybe; but that perhaps is the best
policy when trying to publish news in as fair and unbiased a manner as possible. 'Die following
does not come to us from Adamski, and it ~be incorrect. J:!'rom other sources we learn that
Adamski recently held a press conference in which he stated he confirmed ::d:he following wi. th the
AJ.t': 'lbe period from b'ebruary 10 to b'ebruary 20, '58, would be used by the countries of the
world to announce simultaneously 1he re~on the b1ying Saucers are here. Well, it didn't happen,
and maybe Adamski was misquoted. We have asked him to comment on this for our next issue.
             WE lfISH YOU WOULD WRITE 'ro ADAMSKl instead of to 1HE llJLLETlN if you have further
questions about the letter. 'Jhis will cut down on the volume of our correspondence, which is
a real task 1X> keep up with, and we•ve told you about all we lmow on the matter, e.xcept for
publishing the letter. If we obtain any additional information, it will be in the next BULLEl'JN,
out in another month i f we can maim the deadline.
             A FOLLOWER OF famed scientist-mystic Emanuel Swedenborg has written a quite interesting
book titled "'DIE SECRET OF HUMAN LIFE ON O'JHER WOR!.m," in which he gives reasons why he believes
all planets in our solar system to be inhabited. Paper bound, 105 pages, $1.SO. We have it.
             WHY KENNE'IH ARNOLD DID NOT APFEAR on the Armstrong Circle Theatre saucer show discussed
in our last issue. He refused to appear because he felt it was against his principles to take
i:art in a program which was in his opinion too one-sided. He said he felt his appearance on a
program which would be so distorted as to bear little resemblance to the actual facts would not
be in the best interests of 1he public.
*-:1-:1-:Hl*·U·~:.**":11111111111·1111 u   1111111111111111111111a111111111111111111111111a1111uIU11111111111111111111111111111 II IUI llll 11llll11111111111 ll<ll II II II lt-ll 11111111 ~"
THESE AND O'lHER BOOKS AVAILABIE FR<H SAUCERIAN H&\DQUAR1ERS1 "FLYOO SAUCERS HAVE LANDED " &
"rnSIDE 1HE SPACE SHIPS" by Adamski, $3.50 ea.; "F'S ON DIE ATTACK," "F'S UNCENSORED" & "M'i'S1ERIES
OF ANCIENT SOUTH AMERICA"( '!he latter going out of print soon) all by H. T. Wilkins, $3.50 ea;
"REPORT ON UFO," by Ruppelt, $2.95; "l:XPANDING CASE FOR 'DIE UJ.t~" & original. "CASE FOR lHE UFO,"
by H0 K. Jessup, $3.50 ea.; also by J~ssup1 "UFO ANNUAL" $4.95; "UFO & BlBIE" $2.50; -"STRANGEST
01" ALL" by Frank Edwards, $3.50;. "'IHE BOOKS OF CHA.RIES FORT" $6.50; "TRUTH ABOUT FS" by Aime
Michel," $3.95 (advance orders being taken on Michel's NEW book, as yet untitled at $3.95); "lHE
'lliIRD EYE" by T. Lobsang Rampa, $3.50; "Ml\GIC & MYSTERY IN TIBET" by Madame Alexandra David-Neel,
$6.00; Combination price on both '!HIRD ElE                                              and
                                                     MAGIC & MYSlERY -- $7 .• 95 l"'IHEY KNEii TOO MUCH
ABOUT FS" autographed by Barker, $3.50; "S1UDY & PRACTICE OF YOGA" by Harvey Day, $3.75; 11GOD
WILL WORK WI'Df YOU BUT NOT FOR YOU" by Lao Russell, $4.oo; "1JIE HAN liHO TAPPED 1HE SECRETS OF 'IllE
UNIVERSE" By Glenn Clark, $1.00; Buck Nelson's account of his rides in space ships, $1.00; "'DIE..
COHING OF l,HE SPACE SHIPS" by Gavin Gibbons, $2.50; "'DfEY RODE IN ~PACE SHIPS" by Gibbons, .$3.50;
"HISTORY OF WI'ltHCRAFT" by Montague Summers, $6.00; "OTHER 'IDNGUES O'DIER Fl.ESH" by Dr. Geo. Hunt
Williamson, $4.00; Bryant and Hel~n Reeve's "FLY'OO SAUCER PIWRDIAGE" (containing lots of photos;
$3 .so; "DWELLER ON TWO Pl.ANElS" by Phylos, $7 .so; "OAHSPE" $10.00; "OVER 'lHE THRESHOLD" by Dana
Howard, $3.00; "ABOARD A FS" by Truman Bethurum, $3.oo; "DIE CASE R>R PSYCHIC SURVIVAL" by
Herewa.rd Carrington, $3.50; "'IDlfll.D 'lHE HEREAFTER" by Reginald M. Lesterr $3.75; "SECRET OF 'DIE
SAUCERS" by Orfeo Angelucci, $3.oo. GeorR;e Van Tassel's SECOND book, IN'ro 'IHIS WORLD AND OUT
AGAJN, $1.50; Write for our complete book list.
