{"created_utc": "2026-09-08T16:53:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 189156, "source_ctime_ns": 1788522388317420335, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1984-06-00_Perceptual-and-Motor-Skills---Vol-58-No-3---Persinger.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788522388309905190, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1984-06-00_Perceptual-and-Motor-Skills---Vol-58-No-3---Persinger.pdf", "source_sha256": "b69890fbef1147ebcad6a5b97948b107e5e7bb1f15aaa81f92c72ea29127b30a"}

Perceptual and Motor Skills, 1984, 58, 951-959.   ©Perceptual and Motor Skills 1984


      GEOPHYSICAL VARIABLES AND HUMAN BEHAVIOR: XVIII.
          EXPECTED PERCEPTUAL CHARACTERISTICS AND
          LOCAL DISTRIBUTIONS OF CLOSE UFO REPORTS 1

                                   M. A. PERSINGER"
                                   Laurentian University

            Summary.-Although the frequent occurrences of UFORs (unidentified
      flying object reports) within regions of compressional deformation and the
      systematic variation over time between UFORs and seismic activity have been
      supported by empirical analyses, the mechanisms that could generate observ-
      able local phenomena have been less clear. A tectonogenic condition that in-
      cludes electromagnetic (EM) characteristics is one hypothesis. Specific pre-
      dictions require the delineation of local fault systems and the visualization of
      adjacent topography, geology and man-made structures as distributions of
      charge collectors, conductors, dielectrics and other EM equivalents. Extrapola-
      tions from recent laboratory experiments indicate that the major visual, kinetic
      and EM features of close UFORs can be explained. Since clusters of UFORs
      or "flap periods" are often accompanied by social concern, these extrapolations,
      applied cautiously, may be useful for field scientists who must predict when
      and where the phenomena could occur.

      From a behavioral perspecrive, the report of UFOs (unidentified flying
objects) can be considered contemporary responses to persistent environ-
mental stimuli. Although many of these repons may involve routine objects
(such as the planet Venus) that are perceived in anistropic contexts during
unusual motivational periods of the observer, a substantial number of UFO
reports ( UFORs) may reflect as yet unspecified stimuli. Indeed, some of
them may be correlated as well with the unusual perception of routine objeets.
One hypothesis (Persinger, 1976, 1983a, 1983b) suggests that more than
50% of the variance in these stimuli are associated with tectonic strain within
the earth's crust. However, the acrual characteristics of these stimuli may be
masked or modified by the verbal labels used to describe and to remember
them (Haines, 1980; Persinger, 1979a).
      If the hypothesis is correct, then most UFORs should occur near areas of
strain and strain release; the most typical loci include fault lines and sites of
focused compressional deformations (Persinger, 1979b). UFORs within
countries containing large matrices of fault lines are conspicuous. Localiza-
tions of UFORs near particular strain points are also obvious (Devereux,
McCartney, & Robins, 1983) and have been called "windows" or related
1
 Laurentian University, Environmental Psychophysiology Lab, Department of Psychology,
Laurentian University, Sudbury, Ontario, Canada P3E 2C6.
"Thanks to Dr. Brian T. Brady, U.S. Department of the Interior, Denver Federal Center,
Building 20, Lakewood, Colorado, USA, 80225, for our many stimulating, technical
discussions.
952                             M. A. PERSINGER

popular metaphors (Keel, 1970). There are innumerable examples; only a
few are referenced here. The latest UFOR flap in Sweden occurred around
the largest fault system in the country (Marrsson & Mattsson, 1983), while a
long history of less concentrated UFORs has been documented for the Gold
Hill fault system in central North Carolina.3 Although population parameters
contribute by necessity to UFORs, they are not simple artifacts of population
density (Persinger & Lafreniere, 1977; Persinger, 1979c).
     The population problem can be attenuated by observing UFORs over
time within a smaller but active seismic locality. One particularly prevalent
series of nocrurnal lights and related UFORs (including "daylight disc" obser-
vations) have been reported for many years along the Toppenish Ridge in
central Washington. The events (some of which have been phorographed)
are systematically related to the distance and magnirude of monthly seismic
activity (Derr & Persinger, 1984). This region is still undergoing compres-
sional deformation. Of the approximately 50 other segments in the Yakima
fold belt, the Toppenish Ridge structure is the only one to have continued to
deform by thrusting, folding, and vertical surface rupture (Campbell &
Bentley, 1981).
      Since river systems are frequently associated with old or active fault
matrices, the concentration of UFORs around the former is not unexpected.
Once population density is accomodated, the UFORs are conspicuous within
the New Madrid region of the Mississippi River interface with the Illinois
System, the Delaware River System and the Ohio Valley (Persinger & La-
freniere, 1977; Persinger, 1981). UFORs, even by popular association, tend
to occur near rivers and creeks. The extraordinary work of Wagner, Hulse,
and McGrath ( 1978) and Wiedemann ( 1977) indicates that a recurrent
luminous phenomenon moves along a railroad track that is adjacent to a
small creek that is in turn juxtaposed with a local fault line.
      Any prediction of the perceptual characteristics of individual UFORs
must first acknowledge the multivariate nature of the problem. UFORs may
be emitted to or evoked by a variety of different stimuli that may not be
clearly related to geophysical conditions. The tectonic strain hypothesis
assumes and predicts that many UFORs are associated with actual verifiable
events. They would primarily involve phenomena that have been labelled as
close encounters of the first and second kind by Hynek ( 1972) and Type IV
 to VI UFOs by D.R. Saunders for CUFOs (Center for UFO Studies). How-
ever the hypothesis does nor explicitly indicate the physical mechanism or
 mechanisms by which the strain is manifested locally. Their specification
requires the technology and methodology of experimental physics.

"P. W. LaPorte, Chronolog of UFO sightings along the Gold Hill Fault Line.   (Unpub-
lished manuscript, 1982, 315 Cedarwood Lane, Matthews, NC 28185)
               UFO REPORTS: PERCEPTIONS, DISTRIBUTIONS                      953

      According to laboratory experiments (Brady, Rowell, & Stroud, 1984),
strain-induced luminosities can be generated in a predictable manner. They
occur a few tenths of a microsecond before cylindrical rock samples are fractured
along their major axes by a hydraulic press. The emissions are not arc or
spark discharges; the emission mechanism produces a phenomenon that emits
highly energetic particles (electrons) that in turn excite the atoms within the
surrounding fluid (water) or gas. Visually, when measured with fast frame
photography, the luminosities are spherical in shape, and have a life of about 1
sec. While spectrum peaks between 400 and 550 nm, lower radio frequency
 (a few kHz) and microwave generation also occur. Inference from other
measurements indicate char the total energy density of rhe rock (primarily
from the applied stress) is equivalent to the energy of the luminous objects
 (about 109 joules/cc) .2 Magnetic field strengths are estimated to be substan-
tial.
      The present theoretical framework indicates that the laboratory phe-
nomena are unusual electromagnetic conditions. Although the mechanisms
by which each phenomenon is contained must still be determined, one inter-
pretation indicates that a potential difference exists between the poles and the
equator of each "ball." Small packages of energy ( "microplasmoids"), lasting
about one-thousandths the duration of the total ball, move up to the polar
regions and are expelled as narrow, directional beams. The rapid dissipation
of the basic rock constituents, such as silicon, magnesium and aluminum,
cascade to a normal state and combine with oxygen, thus depleting local
oxygen and producing oxide residuals of these metals.
      If the laboratory phenomena can be generalized to larger space scales
comparable to field observations, then a number of perceptual properties
might be expected. Since large scale phenomena (LSP) would be generated
by tectonic strain, potentially focused from hundreds of square kilometers,
the total energy within a display would be much larger. If the LSP were per-
ceptually about 1 to 10 meters across, the life time might be on the order of
minutes. The pulse frequency or rotation speed should be considerably slower
than laboratory examples; the observed values of between 1 and 10 Hz are
not unexpected. Faster rotating LSP, depending upon volume and stability,
would be more elliptical. The color would be influenced by the maximum
wavelengths being generated and the context, which in turn would be influ-
enced by the stability of the condition.
      Although the major LSP would show more or less homogeneous energy
densities and hence a similar color, portions of the ball especially around the
equator and poles would undergo local changes; these would be equivalent to
the microplasmoids displayed in the laboratory experiments. Lower energy
areas within the periphery of the major luminosities could produce different
954                            M. A. PERSINGER


colors. Their movements would be influenced by the rotation of the LSP as
well as by its polar-equatorial forces. The most likely observation by a human
witness would be "a number of red lights rotating around an object" or "a
rotating object with red lights," depending upon perspective. Other possible
verbal descriptors would reflect the small circular energy disparities within
the larger volume and could include "portholes," "windows," and other ex-
periential similarities.
      Very close proximity to homogeneous (white) and luminous LSP would
allow detection of the consequences of the magnetic field boundaries. Such
structural characteristics would be analogous to the elaborate figure/ ground
contours of sunspots whereby the darker lines and regions would reflect cooler
temperatures. Considering the shape of a luminous LSP, geometric delinea-
tions of darker regions, such as lines, matrices or some other ordered structure
are expected. Even without direct stimulation of the observer's nervous system
by the intense time-varying electromagnetic fields (Persinger, 1983c), great
individual variability of LSP is expected. Both their duration and large size
 (compared to the observer) would allow detection of innumerable features.
      Some characteristics would be related to the particular sources of tectonic
strain and geochemical strata from which the phenomena were generated.
Dull grey or metallic lusters could be related to the vapor deposition of remnant
rock metals, such as magnesium or manganese, along the magnetic boundary
of the LSP. Since a stable thickness of about 5 p.m can be readily perceived
as a metallic surface, the total volume of material required for a ball 1 m
across would be in the order of 1 to 10 cc. Considering the importance of a
stable thickness, relatively few (compared to luminosities) LSP with "metallic
textures" should be observed; they should be limited to circular or elliptical
conditions that do not undergo rapid changes in either shape or diameter. If
this condition were disrupted, metals could be extruded, be combined with
local gases and fall ro the ground. Indeed some LSP have been reported to
"release materials" (Keel, 1970) that were later determined to be "slag" or
high temperature metal combinations.
      Magnetic field strengths, both those associated with the magnetic boundary
of the LSP and those produced by the extremely low frequency components
 (generated by the rotation) would be quite substantial, even considering the
attenuation with the inverse cube of the distance. Either the movement of
a LSP or its time-varying components could induce electric currents within a
variety of electronic systems, such as television and light circuits; interference
with transmission and reception of radio and television signals would be
expected. Direct stimulation of the human brain by current induction within
sensitive regions such as deep temporal lobe structures (Persinger, 1983c)
would be expected ro evoke profound experiential and psychological changes
                 UFO REPORTS: PERCEPTIONS, DISTRIBUTIONS                      959

      quences of close proximity to UFO-related luminosities. Perceptual and Motor
      Skills, 1983, 56, 259-265. (c)
PERSINGER, M.A. The tectonic strain theory of UFOs. Pursuit, 1983, 16(1), 21-35.
       (d)
PERSINGER, M. A. Tectonogenic luminosities: geomagnetic variables as possible en-
      hancer conditions for UFO reports preceding eanhtremors within the New
      Madrid states. UPIAR Research in Progreu, 1983, in press. (e)
PERSINGER, M. A., & LAFRENIERE, G. F. Space-time transients and unusual events.
      Chicago, IL: Nelson-Hall, 1977.
RUTLEDGE, H. D. Project identification: the first scientific field study of UFO
      phenomena. Englewood Oiffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall, 1981.
WAGNER, w., HULSE, R., & McGRATH, ]. "Spook lights:" the Vestigia update.
      Vestigia Newsletter, 1978, 2(3), 1, 2-7.
WIEDEMANN, C. 1. Results of the New Jersey "spook light" study. Vestigia News-
      letter, 1977, 2(1), 1-4.
WEISER, H. G. Depth recorded limbic seizures and psychopathology. Neuroscience and
      Biobehavioral Reviews, 1983, 7, 427-440.
ZOBACK, M. D., & ZOBACK, M. L. State of stress and intraplate earthquakes in the
      United States. Science, 1981, 213, 96-104.

Accepted April 24, 1984.
