{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-28T15:02:29Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 169679, "source_ctime_ns": 1790394409924647980, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1984-03-26_Yorkshire-post_Blom-scan_AFU-archive.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790394409919126672, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1984-03-26_Yorkshire-post_Blom-scan_AFU-archive.pdf", "source_sha256": "58767851ae8d464326f7a296846ab5b90fb0bcad299e2fd4c60e672c6ed8a5be"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 650, "chars": 3831, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Object
lesson
EVEN the organisers of Saturday's confer-
ence on Unidentified Flying Objects in Leeds
were
surprised that 150 or more people
turned up to hear the truth about the Things
out there.
But everyone, even the most sceptical, likes a
UFO story
especially backed up with numerous
slides of sightings down the years. The believers
can thrill to the thought of all manner of hyper-
intelligent beings behind the blurred glows, the
almost too saucer-like living saucers and the weird
atmospheric goings-on.
The less easily convinced can look for the bits of
wire holding the UFO's up or learnedly detail the
enthusiast. So there was plenty for everyone at the
Yorkshire UFO Society's conference
Sensibly the organisers ran through the slides
vithout comment or defence of their authenticity
The chairman.
Graham Birdsall, did
mention,
rather optimistically perhaps, that one of the slides
vas fake and challenged the audience to spot it.
Indeed he was not one to make too much of a
sighting and on several occasions went into great
detail on a particular anecdote only to disappoint
us all.
One such was the Adel, Leeds UFO of September
last year, a marvellous display of aerobatics from
several
mysterious light
sources.
pictures of that one and a recording of an excited
It made
front page headines, but on balance We Birdad
YORKSHIRE POST MONDAY MARCH 26 1984
Weekend
PEOPLE
RICHARD ALCOCK
on a close encounter
with Yorkshire UFO
enthusiasts in Leeds
at the weekend.
Pictures by GRAHAM
LINDLEY.
ends to think it was some
sort
of natural
phenomenon rather than a close encounter
Then there was the case of the Halifax woman in
May last year who was among residents who heard
a mysterious noise in the air for months on end.
Eventually one night she was approached through
her bedroom widow by a mysterious but friendly
light and whisked off for a flying tour of the area.
When UFOlogists went to the scene they found
she
was into meditation and parapsychology.
Whether or not that lessened the impact of her
story in
their eyes we were not told, but the
average UFO watcher prefers the Things to be far
more palpable in their nature,
Tony Dodd, the North Yorkshire investigator for
the society, is convinced that at least some of the
sightings are real, solid flying machines intelli-
gently controlled. As evidence he points out that
many have been
seen heading for aircraft then
veerine awav at the last moment. Also most seem
o be seen after people have gone to bed.
hey appear then so they cannot be seen we don't
Mr. Dodd has himself been within 100 yards of
one of the Things, "They are out there all right,
he said. ẠWe are here to tell you they are flying
around. They are solid craft. If they are military
rehicles they are so advanced they are frightening
Huge machines that don't make a sound.
Yorkshire can proudly say it has one of the best
eces of evidence for UFOS in the country in the
iphis of Prace Pel, near Grasington frie
picture was taken by two off-duty policemen.
This was fantastic news for UFOlogists, said Mr.
Birdsall, and only an hour's drive from Leeds,
Indeed, he could recommend the area to the north
of Skipton as the one place in Britain most likely to
turn up a UFO.
In his slides he was very concerned to point out
the beauty of the area.
"We in Yorkshire.
are very proud of our
county
he said,
and heritage.'
Perhaps he has hit on the idea to attract more
tourists to North Yorkshire. A walking tour of the
top UFO sites with, for the very lucky ones, the
chance of a fiving saucer trip to Alpha Centauri.
Above left: Graham
Birdsall, right,
Sor Pany old Secreti
Vorkshire Investigator.
Above right: Robert
Cherry, a Leeds
stman, with one
‹ UFO vaintin:
Right: Youngest visitor
o the conference, Paul
Marsden, four, with his
father, Paul Marsden,
of Morley, a new
member of the society.
