{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T17:40:12Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 138856, "source_ctime_ns": 1790203647889773607, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1985-05-00_Government-Publications-Review---Vol-12-No-3---Lapham.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790203647872742729, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1985-05-00_Government-Publications-Review---Vol-12-No-3---Lapham.pdf", "source_sha256": "03fa857c9629fe49ff8816a6e8820df6ebe19050bdeafd2c46879836dfa2a86b"}

264                                              Reviews

the Third World's ideology on the West is, in some respects, poetic justice. But as the old saying goes,
there is a right way and a wrong way to do things. And the wrong way is to go around telling everybody
else the right way to do things.

                                                                           JOHN SPICER NICHOLS
                                                                     Associate Professor of Journalism
                                                                     The Pennsylvania State University
                                                                            University Park, PA 16802
                                                                                                  USA


Clear Intent: The Government Coverup of the UFO Experience. By Lawrence Fawcett and Barry J.
Greenwood. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall, 1984. $8.95. 259 p. LC 84-9818. ISBN
0-13-136656-4.

   The cover of this book is startling. "What does the government know about UFOs and why won't it
tell us?" In the preface one reads about "documentation which puts the UFO- U.S. government con-
troversy in quite a new light ... "and a "revealing use of documents released ... which show that the
CIA and NSA protestations of innocence and lack of interest in UFOs are nothing short of prevarica-
tion. The implications of these documents ... are indeed far-reaching." As a lifelong critic of govern-
ment bureaucracy and a member of that same bureaucracy for over twenty years, I was prepared and
eager for the revelation of some sinister conspiracy between our government and a powerful alien
civilization from Zurkon 12. Lured by the cover and the preface, I expected to read about a secret,
government-members-only, society sworn never to divulge UFO information on pain of death. I was
disappointed.
   The authors begin with a befuddling explanation of the Freedom of Information Act of 1966 and the
Privacy Act of 1974. As a result of these two pieces of legislation, they were able to obtain documents
which government agencies had refused to release previously. There follows a compilation of documen-
tation to support the authors' thesis that the government is hiding something from us. They simply
reprinted 190-odd pages of exceedingly dull bureaucratic memoranda interspersed with comments
detailing their efforts to obtain it. There are chapters which describe several UFO sightings, via
memoranda, in excruciating detail. There are chapters about foreign involvement and mysterious
helicopters. There are chapters about CIA, FBI, and NSA involvement. There is nothing very startling
in any of it.
   The book is little more than a cut-and-paste job of intra-office, intra-agency memos. There is neither
analysis of the information with regard to the authors' thesis nor conclusions drawn about what it all
means. Herein lies my major objection. The authors do not tell the reader anything. Although they ap-
parently feel some sense of urgency about UFOs, I found myself asking, "So what?" when I finished
reading the book.
   Yes, their work clearly shows that some government officials lied about UFO information, but they
never attempted to explain why. They never attempt to analyze their information or to draw any con-
clusions from it. They ignore two very good reasons for their difficulties: first, that "the right hand
doesn't know what the left hand is doing" in government or any bureaucracy, and second, that in
bureaucracies there is a strong bias toward self-serving intrainstitutionalism, i.e. "covering your ex-
terior."
   In 1967 the Air Force commissioned the late physicist Edward Condon and a team of scientists from
the University of Colorado to study UFOs. After two years and $500,000, the team published a
1,465-page report entitled, "Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects," which refuted most of the
theories of the flying saucer proponents, much to their dismay and anguish. The report, which was ap-
proved by the National Academy of Sciences, also effectively ended the government's involvement in
UFO investigation, which was officially terminated by the disbanding of the Air Force's Project Blue
Book in December 1969.
   What the authors failed to point out or to recognize is that, in the face of an official policy of
disinterest in UFOs, no bureaucrat is going to rock the boat by claiming that any government agency is
actively investigating the phenomenon. Nor is any bureaucrat going to admit that anything is going on,
such as a UFO sighting, which he or she cannot explain. This silence on the part of government does not
mean that investigations are not being conducted or that they are being hidden from us with any sinister
intent. It just means that we are not being taken into the government's confidence in the same manner
                                                  Reviews                                             265


that we are not kept informed of all the hidden workings of the State Department's dealings with
foreign powers.
  This work is not a scientific study of UFOs nor even of the government's investigation of UFOs. It is
a poor attempt to defend the authors' position which was already established before they wrote the
book. The last sentence of the book reads, "We just want to know what's going on." I would recom-
mend the New York Times before Clear Intent.

                                                                                 DA YID L. LAPHAM
                                                                                     Major USMC (Ret)
                                                                           University of Central Florida
                                                                     Department of Sponsored Research
                                                                        Box 19626, Orlando, FL 32816
                                                                                                   USA


The Step-by-Step Guide to Understanding the Federal Budget; Fiscal 1984 Edition. Washington, DC:
Northeast-Midwest Institute, 1984. 31 p. $5.00.

   The Northeast-Midwest Institute is a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization founded in March 1977 to
serve as an "independent source of reliable information concerning the economy of the 18-state region
that has long formed the nation's industrial heartland," according to a statement in this publication.
This Guide is part of an annual series of publications that examines the federal budget and its effects on
the nation and, in particular, the region served by the Institute.
   The Guide summarizes the congressional budget process (the roles of the House and Senate budget
committees, the budget schedule in Congress, and the fiscal 1984 and 1985 timetables); explains the pur-
poses of the budget documents and different terms used in the budget; lists the functional categories of
the federal budget; and includes a glossary of budget terms.
   Most of the information in the Guide is available elsewhere, primarily in The Congressional Budget
Process: A General Explanation (SuDocs. Y 4.B 85/3:C 76/6/982); the GAO's Glossary of Terms Used
in the Federal Budget Process (SuDocs. GA 1.2:B 85/2/981), The United States Budget in Brief
(SuDocs. PrEx 2.8/2:(yr)); and in Jerrold Zwirn's Congressional Publications, A Research Guide to
Legislation, Budgets, and Treaties (Libraries Unlimited, 1983.) The first two publications describe the
budget process in more detail and contain more definitions of terms than does the Guide. The Congres-
sional Budget Process includes the text of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of
1974 (PL 93-344) and its amendments, which have changed the timetable and the budget process
somewhat since 1974. The Budget in Brief includes graphic displays of outlays for the past ten years in
each of the functional categories of the budget (which is not necessarily the purpose of the Guide;
nevertheless, it increases one's understanding of the budget trends). The Budget in Brief itself is the
source of the diagram, "Relation of budget authority to outlays," which is reprinted in the Guide. Final-
ly, Congressional Publications contains a chapter that describes the budget process and cites (and ex-
plains) the relevant publications, which are so important to librarians.
   The Guide is useful as a quick reference source, although it defines only 35 terms, for the most fre-
quently used budget terms when one does not want to look through many pages of one of the other
publications to find a definition. It is also the most readable of the four publications mentioned here,
particularly in the section titled, "How to read the budget." Here it emphasizes the importance of the
term, "budget authority" (the permission granted to an agency or department to make spending com-
mitments) and "outlays" (the actual amounts of dollars spent for a particular activity, some of which
may be funds authorized in previous years and carried over to the present year). This section of the
Guide also explains the different parts of a budget table: the budget trends over a 5-year period (the
middle column, showing the current fiscal year's estimate, is "probably the most important set of
numbers in the budget documents"); the columns for budget authority and outlays; and the significance
of asterisks, double lines, and lines of dots (instead of numbers) in the tables.
   The Guide is also useful because it is the most up-to-date publication of those mentioned in this
review; the publishers have included an insert for the FY1985 budget (although that is also out of date
as of this review of December 1984), showing the change in the timetable and describing briefly two
changes made in the budget process last year.
   The Guide would be a helpful, but not essential, publication for a large library, which should have
