{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T10:47:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 119877, "source_ctime_ns": 1790156102736776597, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1986-01-15_Alexandria-Journal-VA_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790156102720903437, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1986-01-15_Alexandria-Journal-VA_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "98111b1c9613e09e1ed22ea50de9fcb121157c7574723173d5b97eacea3e8091"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 666, "chars": 4074, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TAL, Alexandria, VA - Jan. 15, 1989
Steve Vogel
'Cosmic Watergate' keeps UFO group busy
A sticker on Larry Bryant's Park-
ter, take up a
fairfax apartment door reads, "UPD»
least 10 hours :
are real - Ask the governmenti
week.
Bryant, a 47-year-old federal em-
Bryant makes
ployee, has taken the sticker's ad-
no claim of ever
vice to heart. Much of his spare time
having spotted a
In recent years has been devoted to
"Yufoo," but that
unraveling what Bryant calls "Coe-
hasn't dissuaded
mic Watergate the government's
him from
his
cover-up of information about un-
cause. "I have
identifled fring objecta.
never seen China,
ạIt's the biggest story ever never
either,"*
he
told," he says.
reasona
From his home in Alexandria, Bry.
His basic pre-
ant runs the Washington office of
mise is that one or
Citizens Againat UFO Secrecy
more flying sau-
(CAUS), a 100-member organization
cers have crashed
dedicated to making federal, state
In thia country and
and local governments 'fess up
elsewhere, and
about Dying saucers.
that the government has analyzed
iRight here, from this little apart-
the wrecks. Also recovered were
ment,
he said, surrounded by car-
"amall and ugly" humanold bodies
sons and files filled with newaletters,
of crew members.
documents and articles relating to
UFOs, or, as Bryant says in his native
Tidewater accent, Yufoon.
A closet in his apartment is packed
with shelf after shelf of what must be
virtually every book ever written on
the subject of UFOs. Included are
notebook binders filled with what he
el as a political secretiạ
It would be a lot easier to laugh
Bryant off as a crank if he and his
compatriots hadn't amassed some
Interesting documents. There's a
callaithe world's most comprehen-
alve collection of UPO cartoonsiạ
His UFO dutles, which include
placing ads seeking flying saucer
witnesses and writing a column enti-
ted UFO Secrecy Update for the
Mutual UPO Network Ine. newslet-
"unidentified being shot by an MP
after UFO sightinga over the base.
There's a claimed eyewitness ac-
count of the event, describing the be-
Ing as "about 4 feet tall, greyish,
recovered after the saucer wreck.
The "Petition for Writ of Habeas
A recent find is Corpus Extraterrestrial" sparked a
a formerly top se-
spate of media attention, includina
cret Air Intelli-
an Item in Newsweek entitledạẠạiE.T
gence Report de-
- Phone
your
classified by the
lawyers
immediately,"
National Archives
The case was thrown out of court
Last March. The re-
-I couldn't show I was acting on
port describes a
behalf of the allens" - but that hard-
1955 train trip in
ly discouraged Bryant. His push
the Soviet Union
these days is for a full-blown con-
by Sen. Richard
gressional Investigation.ạiỊPeople
Russell of Georgia
will start singing once they get their
and two other rep-
utable
_govern-
ment officials who
wereẠArmly con-
vinced they saw a genuine flying sau-
cer or flying dise.
Most intriguing la the memo pur
portedly sent to FBI director J. Ed-
par Hoover by an PBI agent in 1950
The agent wrote that an Air Force in
vestigator had told himẠ¿hat three
led flying saucers had been re-
covered In New Mexico. They were
described as being circular in shape
with raised centers, aproximately 50
feet in diameter. Each one was occu-
pied by three bodies of human shape
but only three feet tall, dressed in
metallic cloth of a very fine textureiạ
Bryant's greatest moment in the
aun was based on that memo. In
1983, he filed suit in federal court in
Washington seeking to compel the
The press could lend a hand by
Terreting out information from vari-
ous sources.
¡You get a Dee!
Ihroat, by Godiurges Bryant
Despite the nature of his UFO pur-
sult, Bryant says he doesn't have to
deal with many friends or acquain-
ances who suggest he take a long
rest at a local sanitarium,
In fact, Bryant says the 1980s
have brought a new respectability to
UPO huntingạIn the old days, it was
"Larry, there's no such thing as fly-
Age me one ° Lary, go for
All he needs is the smoking gun.
Steve Vogel's column appears
every Monday, Wednesday and
Friday in The Joural.
