{"created_utc": "2026-09-19T06:27:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 493288, "source_ctime_ns": 1788562310166762374, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1986-06-00_Journal-of-Popular-Culture---Vol-20-No-1---Sandels.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788562310138332040, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1986-06-00_Journal-of-Popular-Culture---Vol-20-No-1---Sandels.pdf", "source_sha256": "abdeacd9512e25b4da47a17b8b16ec4039833f9ab42474f100f705bd724e455f"}

UFOs, Science Fiction and the Postwar Utopia
                            Robert Sandels

     Whatever happened to the postwar utopia foretold by science
popularizers, ad men and pundits during World War II? It was to be
a future in which Americans were supposed to live much like those
aliens from space encountered so often in science fiction whose technology
and good sense have banished all that was unpleasant. At a time, as
in the Great Depression, when Americans are debating federal definitions
of adversity and arguing over what constitutes acceptable levels of
economic misery, we might pause to remind ourselves that there was
a moment when, in the midst of war, Americans looked to their immediate
future for a life of leisure and ease.
     The postwar era was often referred to as "in the Postwar," or "when
the Postwar comes," as though it would be an even in itself, a historical
era in its own right like the Renaissance. The adult generation of 1943
had known "the good old days" of prosperity, then the collapse of
everything in the Depression, and now war. That generation looked
forward to an era combining two ideas previously thought irreconcilable:
unfettered economic activity and state interventionism to correct the cause
of the business cycle. Undergirding the whole would be the incredible
industrial power demonstrated in wartime.
     What happened to that vision is of course that, as one observer put
it, nothing came of it but the ball-point pen. 1 More precisely, the future
came piecemeal and late with decidedly non-utopian side effects.
     Concurrent with the postwar onslaught of doubt and disappointment
and the perpetual threat of nuclear annihilation came the "Big Boom"
in science fiction and its utopias and dystopias, its wondrous technology,
and its amazing aliens. From the skies came "real" creatures from space
in their flying saucers-beings who already lived in the long awaited
Postwar.
     The vision of a postwar utopia began to take shape in 1943 and
developed quickly in a cataract of futuristic commercial advertising and
in speculation in books, magazines and on radio. Triggered by a
premature belief that the war was all but over, the speculation reached
such proportions that the Advertising Council had to remind advertisers
that the war was still on. 2 Counter-utopian articles occasionally appeared
satirizing or qualifying some of the more rash prophesies. The Saturday

                                   141
142     Journal of Popular Culture


Evening Post poked fun at the idea of a two-hour workday, the family
plane which Junior takes to Poland on a date, television and electric
card shufflers. 3 But even the skeptics were caught in the web, for the
jokes were not negations of the postwar world but affirmations of its
inevitability. The industrial designer Raymond Loewy complained in
1943 that "wishful thinking appears to have got out of hand at present."
His own designs, he pointed out, had often taken months to complete-
twelve months in the case of his famous streamlined train. He cautioned
consumers against expecting immediate enjoyment of the promised land.
Far from denying, however, that miracle products were coming, he merely
   I
pointed out that they might arrive a year or so later than expected. 4
     Much of the fantasizing about the postwar period came from the
advertising industry's peculiar relationship with the federal government
during the war. The Second World War was the first war in which popular
understanding of events was shaped largely by commercial advertising
employing essentially the same methods used to sell toothpaste. The
chief propaganda agency of the government, the Office of War
Information under the respected journalist Elmer Davis, was by 1943
dominated by men recruited from advertising firms. Advertising
techniques thus replaced straight journalistic reporting of the war. 5
Advertising men in O.W.I., working with advertising men in the business
sector, their efforts coordinated through the advertising industry's War
Advertising Council, determined how the war was portrayed and how
public support was elicited through print and radio.
     When Treasury department polls revealed that there was more public
enmity toward the Japanese than toward the Germans, it began using
a deliberate appeal to hatred in order to sell war bonds. 6
     Heavy reliance on advertising to propagandize the war effort had
the effect of trivializing its aims. When it was learned that people bought
bonds in the hope of aiding family members who were in the military
or as an investment for their financial future and not out of a deep
concern for proclaimed war goals, bond drives altered accordingly. 7 When
the public was told to buy bonds for the good life after the war, the
clear implication was that America was fighting to preserve or to enhance
the material life of its citizens.
     The Internal Revenue Service granted write-offs for advertising costs,
and in the first two years of the war advertising increased by sixty-two
percent. 8 In return, advertisers donated space to help promote the sale
0£ bonds, the use of V-mail, food conservation, and other governmental
 concerns. In 1943, for example, advertisers conducted sixty-two such
 campaigns. 9 With huge wartime profits, with taxpayer-subsidized
 advertising budgets, and with few products to sell in the civilian markets,
             UFOs, Science Fiction and the Postwar Utopia               143


businesses lavished fortunes on promotion of their corporate images and
on future or imaginary products.
     During the early months of the war, advertisers seldom mentioned
the war in their copy, and many who did used the occasion to brag
about their contributions to the war effort. Soon, however, the war took
over as background and primary theme in most advertisements by the
big companies who were the major war contractors. Brag advertising
was discouraged by the War Advertising Council, but examples flourished
anyway. A manufacturer of air conditioners claimed that the destruction
of Japanese ships by American submarines was made possible by air
conditioners because some parts for the submarines' periscopes were
produced in air conditioned shops. Io Consumers who had no interest
in owning a P-51 Mustang fighter plane or a Sherman tank were treated
to large, full-color spreads praising the qualities of these weapons. When
the Truman Committee criticized Curtiss-Wright for production
inefficiency because it had not produced a single Helldiver plane, the
company, never a big advertiser before the war, spent $12,000 to advertise
its plane and counter the bad publicity. I1 To remind car owners that
Oldsmobile was in the thick of the fight, the company's ads proclaimed
that its cannon was "Putting the kick in the Mustang. " 12
      Increasingly after 1943, large corporations turned to the reconversion
theme in dual advertisements: one section of the display showing their
war product, the other showing their postwar product, sometimes covered
like statues before the unveiling, awaiting delivery to happy civilians.
By 1944 a survey indicated that the washing machine came first on the
public's list of most desired goods. Indeed the first eleven items were
home appliances. I3 Worried by possible losses in cancelled war contracts,
anxious about recapturing their place in the postwar market, many
businesses based their entire wartime advertising campaigns on the
reconversion theme.
     The government's policy of reliance on advertising agencies to carry
the domestic war message offered business a chance "to get out of the
doghouse" after the massive business failures of the l 930s. I4 Numerous
ads praised pre-Depression free enterprise such as the Nash Kelvinator
campaign "Don't Change Anything," meaning don't change anything
prior to 1929.I 5 Most war contractors portrayed themselves as selfless
patriots winning the war with prodigious output, and they promised
full employment and dazzling new products after the war. "Look closely,''
said Alcoa in a 1942 advertisement, "and you can see a million peacetime
jobs in the making." It went on coyly, "We wish we could name the
great industries who are already working with us on starting future plans
they have in mind. " 16 These plans rested upon advances in transportation,
plastics, electronics and chemicals.
144     Journal of Popular Culture


     The typical householder of the postwar world would live far from
the city and would be carried about in his own plane or helicopter.
He might drive part way home in city traffic and upon reaching the
nearest airstrip, convert his aerocar into a plane by making a few simple
adjustments. Traveling by helicopter, he would simply land on roofs
or backyards. Enormous cargo and passenger planes, perhaps flying wings
with no cigar shaped fuselages of dead weight, would revolutionize
commercial air transportation. By hauling gliders behind them, planes
could become great sky trains. The old fashioned locomotive could be
powered by jet turbines as could trucks and automobiles. All vehicles
could be fueled by tiny atomic cells no bigger than a cigarette package
and lasting almost forever. A Firestone ad asked, "What's in Store for
44-in the Wonderful World of Tomorrow" and showed a New Year's
baby standing like a carnival barker in front of a cornucopia as tires
rolled out along with futuristically designed cars, houses and helicopters,
all made with velon, "the magic plastic." In the lower corner of the
display, warplanes and soldiers carried on the war on a greatly diminished
scale. 17 Goodyear promised moving rubber sidewalks. Seagrams showed
peacetime submarines equipped with helicopter rotors engaged in the
salvage business. There were amphibious cars traveling sometimes
without human guidance at speeds of one hundred miles per hour,
slumless cities, prefabricated houses mass-produced and costing no more
than a low-priced car. Better Homes and Gardens promised dehydrated
milk in a cube, eggs to last a month, non-spoiling cream and bread,
cities without smog, clothes made from milkweed and infra-red cooking
in seconds. 19 There would be shopping by television; personal atomic
generators wired to clothing for heating and cooling; plastic airplanes
and cars; facsimile newspapers coming out of television sets; an end
to the common cold; vermin-free agriculture; streamlined,standardized
kitchens with everything molded into place; a world where all corners
would be rounded and all lines would flow. Great cities would ooze
smoothly like Dali's watch.
     Clearly many of the specifics of the postwar paradise were borrowed
from the military, such as DDT, dehydrated field rations, synthetic rubber
and sulfa. The craze for streamlining everything from cars to lawnmowers
derived from the rounded designs used to achieve higher speeds in military
aircraft.
     It was in air transportation that imaginations were most active.
Airframe manufacturers, their output swollen by war contracts, feared
a relapse to ten percent of their wartime business in the postwar world
unless private aircraft sales could be raised dramatically. 20 A survey of
the six percent of the population in 1944 who earned enough to buy
a postwar plane (seventy-five dollars per week) showed that almost forty-
             UFOs, Science Fiction and the Postwar Utopia               145


four percent intended to buy one.2 1 Another survey in 1946 indicated
that fifty percent of those aged twenty-one to twenty-nine said they would
like to learn to fly. 22 These opinion figures show the probable result
of years of advertising the postwar family aircraft as though it were a
certainty. Cessna made plans for its "family car of the air," the interior
reassuringly similar to that of prewar cars. Piper ran ads showing a
happy family flying over an inviting lake in summer: "Let's Go Down
for a Swim.: ("Send for a free booklet 'What Your Town Needs for the
Coming Air Age'.")2 3 Stewart-Warner, makers of instrument panels for
the military, pictured Mom, aged about sixty-five, at the controls of the
family plane while Dad sleeps. "Just keep her headed north, dear-and
wake me up when home's in sight." 24 A Cannon Electric ad pictured
a drunk flying home automatically in his helicopter, riding on a
"magnetic beam. " 25 One writer described a hypothetical air trip of the
postwar era-a flight to Pittsburgh navigated indolently by music from
KDKA.2 6 House and Garden advised readers to learn all about airfields,
to get one for their town and to consider home landing strips when
drafting house plans for the future. 27
     In the same year that Igor Sikorsky sold his first helicopter to the
army (1943) he announced plans for a postwar family machine with
speeds up to one hundred twenty-five miles per hour. 28 The Civil
Aeronautics Board soon had received forty-seven applications for
commercial helicopter routes, one from Greyhound which had already
asked United Aircraft for a fourteen-passenger air bus.2 9 The C.A.B. asked
Congress in 1945 for three thousand airports, mostly small ones, in
anticipation of the new era. There was even talk of a new dirigible age,
and Goodyear advertised a "Luxury Liner of the Future." 30
     Improvements in transportation have always been fundamental to
the health of the republic in American thinking. In a nation of continental
proportions, physical movement has seemed closely tied to social
relationships. When Americans in 1943 talked of family aircraft, they
were expressing perhaps a desire for the same shifts in social relationships
which the mass-produced automobile had assured. Imagine a nation of
clerks, assembly line workers, teenagers and salesmen all in the air riding
their magnetic beams, the skies open to all who could afford the modest
price of the vehicle just as the roadways were open to Fords and Cadillacs
alike.
     The postwar period of the late 1940s and 1950s is generally thought
of as a time of growing prosperity and personal satisfaction, of great
migrations to the middle class life of suburbia, and of a general optimistic
consensus, as though ordinary people were unaware of the unique crisis
which confronted the era. Instead of the tranquility of outlook such
146     Journal of Popular Culture


a stereotype implies, popular culture of the period reveals themes of
despair and flight to other-worldly alternatives.
      Fattened by years of overtime pay, charged with pent-up demand
for goods, expecting prewar working hours at wartime wages, Americans
waited for the arrival of the consumer's heaven.
      With splendid irony the postwar era was ushered in by the paramount
marvel of the war: the atomic bomb. On the threshold of the new era,
Americans had to weave into their dreams images of a mushroom cloud.
Science had been the underpinning of the postwar utopia, yet its most
impressive step was toward the destruction of civilization. Whereas sixty-
three percent of the public foresaw planes flying on atomic power, by
the end of the century, eighty-three percent in 1945 believed there was
a real danger that in another war most city dwellers in the world would
die. 31 Within two months after the atomic bombing of Japan, large
minorities of Americans wished that the bomb had never been invented
and believed that atomic testing alone could destroy the world. 32
      Those bits of the postwar paradise that eventually materialized came
unaccompanied by any sense of a new age dawning. Instead, each dose
of technology brought its own antidote to happiness. For superhighways
there was urban sprawl and poisoned air. For jumbo planes there were
jumbo crashes. For DDT there were to be bigger and better bugs.
Cybernetics brought fear of the robotization of people as machines were
humanized. But there was more to the dream than hardware and
chemicals.
      The postwar vision of utopia was perhaps the last in a long American
visionary tradition which included the Puritan's City on a Hill, the
agrarian empire of the nineteenth century, and the glittering vision of
the 1880s fashioned from steel, steam and railroads. The significant
element in this history of utopian thinking was not always a dependence
on machines, but rather a pervasive sense of mission which required
power, freedom to act, and relentless destruction of opposing forces,
whether to dominate a continent or to establish an industrial paradise.
      And what of global leadership? That there would be no retreat from
the obligations and opportunities which the war made possible was made
clear by polls which showed that support for a postwar international
body had grown from fifty-two percent in 1937 to eighty-one percent
in 1945. 33 A sense of mission crowded in behind the war consciousness.
Europe would be ruined by the war and Americans would no longer
be safe behind ocean barriers. The war produced circumstances in which
the United States would have to create on a world scale the harmony
of interests which alone could make a utopian future possible at home.
             UFOs, Science Fiction and the Postwar Utopia                147


     The national spirit engendered during the war, which Geoffrey
Perrett has described as "the supreme collective social experience in
modern American history" would not be preserved in peacetime. 34
Emerging from the war almost in the situation of the lone survivor,
the United States was quickly forced to adopt containment of its perceived
enemies as the central concept of its foreign policy-one seeking merely
to deny success to the ambitions of another. No other major policy position
in American history has been so static and negative, certainly not the
official war aims of the late conflict. One could present much of American
history since 1945 as the anguish of adjustment to narrowed choices.
      It must be supposed that these dashed hopes for the future sought
refuge elsewhere, perhaps in space. The popular culture of the first
postwar decade reveals a trend toward anguished thoughts of a dismal
future or of no future at all. "Take me to your leader," the visiting
Martian commands. The message he has to deliver is: the earth is doomed
unless ....
      Some interplanetary visitors were blamed for contemporary problems
as Glen Johnson shows in his discussion of the 1956 film The Body
Snatchers. Amidst the spy scares-tales of brain washing, fears of declining
morals, and a generalized notion that "subversion" was behind most
trouble-the invading aliens arrive in a feckless California town to take
over the unresisting bodies of the townspeople. Aliens in this story become,
Johnson thinks, the scapegoats for the disquieting changes in the Fifties. 35
Similarly in the 1951 film The Thing the world is saved-but who knows
for how long-from an invading sentient vegetable humanoid who breeds
like potatoes. 36 Some aliens traveling to earth in their space ships come
to devour the future, others to save it, like the elegant alien in another
1951 film, The Day the Earth Stood Still, who forces earthmen to behave
themselves for the good of the universe by interrupting the magnetic
field. 37 In either case, space and its inhabitant civilizations provide new
variables in the continuous enactment of every conceivable future.
      Unidentified flying objects in their modern form came into being
after a sighting by a civilian pilot in 1947 and have generally been
attributed by believers to extraterrestrial beings ever since. Wartime UFOs,
called "foo fighters," were attributed at first by both Allied and German
aviators to each other. That "foo fighters" were from space was never
considered. 38 What attraction there was to the extraterrestrial explanation
after 194 7 is not clear. It may not be coincidental that the first great
period of sightings came in the first years of postwar pessimism in which
Americans failed either to bring about the terrestrial paradise of the
kitchen and highway or to harmonize relations among the states of the
earth.
148     Journal of Popular Culture


     The mere presence of aliens in the skies testifies to their high level
of technology. Their inoffensive curiosity implies peaceful intent.
Therefore, aliens possessed the means to offer a beneficent world-
harmonious and triumphant without war. They had technique and order,
the two pillars of the postwar utopia. Aliens were Space Americans come
to carry out the mission Earth Americans could not consummate. Much
as Carl Jung conjectured that alien space-conquering voyages were
projections of our own readiness on the brink of space travel, aliens
in UFOs can be seen as projections of our thwarted ambitions for a
transcendent scientific order. 3 9
     As the UFO phenomenon gathered momentum, the readership and
output of science fiction was beginning to expand rapidly. "The Big
Boom"in its popularity peaked in the early 1950s when fifty to sixty
books were published each year in addition to numerous pulp magazines.
No longer relegated to the pulps, leading science fiction writers were
placing their work in slick magazines like Collier's and The Saturday
Evening Post. Science fiction's earlier preoccupation with rockets and
ray guns began shifting just before the war into fields of broader social
concern. 40 By the end of the war it had developed into a perfect literary
medium for social commentary. It was ignored as trivial by the keepers
of the nation's conscience, and its messages were camouflaged by its
own exotica.
     Science fiction was curiously unconnected to the science of the day.
William Bainbridge notes that science fiction became "ghettoized-
estranged-from rocket development in the 1930s and remained irrelevant
to the space program through the 1970s. 41 Likewise, Judith Merril denies
that the atomic age had much to do with science fiction's popularity
but finds more of a connection between the rise of McCarthyism and
the genre's growth in the 1950s. Science fiction was, she thinks, "the
only vehicle of political dissent. " 42
     In the immediate postwar period, science fiction was not really fiction
about science but fiction about society confronting science. Two of the
most common science fiction plots of the period are about societies seeking
or enjoying life in something reminiscent of the postwar utopian vision
and descriptions of the process by which science and technology in the
hands of rational men assist at the birth of monstrous perversions of
that utopia.
     Science fiction in the postwar years was a far cry from the Bug-
Eyed Monster romances of the late 1920s and 1930s. The themes
encountered in stories written in the late 1940s and 1950s were
predominantly criticism of conformity, cold war hysteria and post-third
world war holocausts. 43
            UFOs, Science Fiction and the Postwar Utopia               149


     Judith Merril sets the background for "That Only a Mother" in
the postwar utopia of gadgets: "On the way through the kitchenette,
she pressed the button that would start breakfast cooking ... and tore
the paper out of the facsimile machine. " 44 Outside there is some sort
of a war going on; radiation from bombs long exploded deforms fetuses
and infanticide is common.
     In John MacDonald's "Spectator Sport," a time traveler finds that
the disappointment with the postwar reality of the 1950s had been
extrapolated in the year 2350 to the level of institutionalized escapism.
First lobotomized, he is awarded the most coveted prize: installation in
front of an enormous television screen. His motor functions disconnected,
his eyelids removed, his hands and feet flayed open and glued to sensor
surfaces,he is tuned to seven years of cowboy movies. 45
     Much of this social criticism was presented in dystopian form. In
one collection of sf stories from the 1950s, thirteen out of twenty-one
stories were anti-system dystopias. Sixteen of the twenty-one were clearly
negative or pessimistic in outlook. One was optimistic but set in a post-
holocaust future. 46 Utopian stories like Isaac Asimov's I, Robot often
implied nightmarish futures unless drastic steps are taken. 47 Although
Asimov is outwardly optimistic, it is because he has seen to it that in
his future robots do not serve but control man, safeguarding him against
his own inevitable folly.
     In dystopias such as Kurt Vonnegut's Player Piano, the same attempt
to mechanize society has resulted in mass dehumanization from dull
work, in the spawning of new elites who manage the great machines
and in rigid controls on human behavior. 48 Both novels picture man
as criminally diseased: one liberates humanity by imprisoning man in
a benevolent, robotic environment while the other sees the humane and
the insanely self-destructive as inseparable. In essence, many science
fiction utopias differ little from dystopias, for in both we find a world
either heading toward or recovering from disaster caused by an overdose
of reason, science and technology.
     The Bomb undermined confidence in science. The cold war and
its domestic tensions eroded confidence in America's ability to control
the peace. The first great blow to the postwar international mission-
the realization that Americans could not will the outcome in the struggle
for central Europe-was mirrored in new public attitudes: large majorities
concluded that the Soviet Union wanted world domination. Most
Americans believed that the United States had to maintain large standing
military systems. Confidence that individuals have power to alter any
of the postwar's distressing trends all but disappeared. 49 That "supreme
collective experience" of the war years wilted in the hunt for the domestic
150       Journal of Popular Culture


spies and traitors-the disloyal Americans who were thought responsible
for subverting the postwar utopia.
     "For the first time in history," Asimov has said, "the future is a
complete puzzle .... " 50 What happens to a future-oriented society when
it begins to consider the end of the future? The answer, suggested in
the themes of sf and in the "reality" of visitors from space, is that such
a society invents new futures.

                                      Notes
     1 "What Happened to the Dreamworld," Fortune, Feb.1947, p. 91.

     2Ray Rubicam, "Advertising," in While You Were Gone, ed. Jack Goodman
(New York: Simon & Schuster, 1946), p. 444.
     3 Alan Dunn, "Utopia-1955," Saturday Evening Post, Dec. 30, 1944, pp. 36-

37.
     'Raymond Loewy, "Looking Backward to the Future,"Collier's, Nov. 13, 1943,
p. 13.
     5John Morton Blum, V Was For Victory (New York: Harcourt, Brace, Jovanovich,
1976), pp. 38-39.
     6Blum, p. 20.
     7Blum, p. 20.

     8 Madison Avenue, "Advertising in Wartime," New Republic, Feb. 21, 1944, p.

232.
     9 Rubicam, p. 427.

     t 0 Rubicam, p. 430.
     11Madison Avenue, p. 234.
     12 Advertisement, The Saturday Evening Post, July 3, 1943, p. 37.
     13 Blum, p. 100.

     14 Madison Avenue, pp. 234-235.

     15Madison Avenue, p. 235.

     16Advertisement, Time, Feb. 23,1942, p. 43.

     17 Advertisement, Newsweek, Jan. 17, 1944, pp. 48-49.

     18 "Planning Tomorrow's Home," House and Garden, Sept. 1943, p. 19.

     19Better Homes and Gardens, Oct. 1943, p. 22-23.

     20 "Postwar Horizons," Newsweek, Oct. 25, 1943, p. 66.

     21 John Foster, "The Personal Plane Sales Target,"Aviation, Jan. 1944, p. 116.

     22 Hadley Cantril, ed., Public Opinion 1935-1946 (Princeton: Princeton University
Press, 1951), p. 12.
     23 Advertisement, Aviation, Aug. 1944, p. 7.
     24Advertisement, Newsweek, July, 1944, p. 317.
     25Advertisement, Newsweek, July 10, 1944, p. 6.
     26 Darrell Huff, "Your Family Plane of Tomorrow," Better Homes and Gardens,
Feb. 1945, pp. 96-106.
     27 "Plane Talk to Property Owners," House and Garden, Feb.1945, pp. 60-61;

"Five Acres and a Plane," House and Garden, Feb.1945, pp. 42-45.
     28
        Newsweek, March 8, 1943, pp. 58-61.
              UFOs, Science Fiction and the Postwar Utopia                         151


     29"Winged Hearse," Newsweek, Oct. 18, 1943, p. 75; Boyden Sparkes, "Revolution
in the Air," The Saturday Evening Post, Sept. 25, 1943, p. 28.
     30 Advertisement, The Saturday Evening Post, Sept. 21, 1943, p. 72.
     31John Fenton, In Your Opinion, (Boston: Little, Brown, 1960), p. 105; Cantril,
p. 22.
     32Fenton, p. 37; Cantril, p. 25.
     33Harold Isaacs, "Report on Opinion," Newsweek, Aug. 4, 1947, p. 32.
     34 Geoffrey Perrett, Days of Sadness, Years of Triumph (New York: Coward,
McCann and Geoghegan, 1973), p. 433.
     35Glen M. Johnson, " 'We'd Fight .... We Had To,'The Body Snatchersas Novel
and Film," journal of Popular Culture 13 (1979), 10.
     36 The Thing, RKO/Winchester, 1951.

     3 1The Day the Earth Stood Still, Fox, 1951.

     38 Norman J. Briazack and Simon Mennick, The UFO Guidebook (Secaucus, N.J.:

Citadel, 1978), p. 8.
     39 Carl Jung, Flying Saucers (New York: Harcourt, Brace, 1958), p. 14.
     40 John W. Campbell, "The Place of Science Fiction,'' in Modern Science Fiction,

ed. Reginald Bretnor (New York: Coward-McCann), p. 12.
     41 William Sims Bainbridge, The Spaceflight Revolution (New York: Wiley, 1976),

p. 199.
     42 Judith Merril, "What Do You Mean-Science Fiction?: Extrapolation, 8 (Dec.
1966), 2.
     43 Martin Harry Greenberg and Joseph Olander, eds., Science Fiction of the Fifties,

(New York: Avon, 1979), pp. xviii-xx.
     44 Judith Merril, "That Only a Mother," in Science Fiction of the Forties, eds.,

Frederick Pohl, Martin Harry Greenberg and Joseph Olander (New York: Avon, 1978),
p. 322.
     45 John D. MacDonald, "Spectator Sport," in Greenberg and Olander, p. 1-8.
     4 6Greenberg and Olander.

     47 Isaac Asimov, I, Robot (New York: Doubleday, 1950).
     48 Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. Piano Player (New York: Dell, 1952).

     4 91saacs, pp. 32-33.
     50 Isaac Asimov, "Social Science Fiction,'' in Bretnor, p. 188.

Robert Sandels teaches history at Quinnipiac College, Hamden, CT 06518.
