{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-26T06:08:06Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 86443, "source_ctime_ns": 1790231331656759448, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1986-03-17_Quincy-Patriot-Leiger-MA_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790231330468836328, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1986-03-17_Quincy-Patriot-Leiger-MA_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "112e994bc8be399ddbcad3ef7a21508139318592437d72af082d61b2791f8905"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 646, "chars": 3896, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO buffs seek to establish down-to-earth scientific image
17,
By End Schwarz
*You may be interested in angels of any life that would challange their
Source stated that on 9 May to the data
The Patriot Ledger
arch
or parapsychology or other border-
views of the world.
(1980), while a group of officers were
-We don't draw conclusions, w
line things, but please confine your
Others at the meeting frustrated
ust study the dataạ said Jam
BRAINTREE - Nancy Holmes
with
- the
media
began her search at 16 when she saw
UPON Marge Chrisemen, MU.
to the organization's move to respec
• a die-shaped metallic craft with FON's national public relationa di-
tability by saying they wouldn't give
Others allowed, however, that the
their names. "I'm a sculptor and a
whirling lights emerge from a setting rector told
some 20 people who
painter and my art is just getting off
SU-22 aircraft to make an inter-
attended. "If you try to mix it up
the ground.
I don't want to b
ceptiẠạireads the document in terse explain UFOs.
ạIt's the only time Ive seen a with ghosts or the Bermuda Triangle
associated with anything controver-
Defense Department prose.
The one theory most entertained
- UFO. but that's enoughisaid the
or Bigfoot or something. it just
sialẠạsaid one man.
The pilot, according to a third
is the extra-terrestrial hypothesis.
Quinc
satural sciences teacher from Whit- confuses peopleại
The basic MUPON strategy is to
arty, intercepted the vahicle and
You say that if its not from here, s
The scientific bent of MUFON's
agree that about 00 percent of the
ired upon is at very close range must be from thereạ Greenwoo
UFO sightings reported are explain-
without causing any apparent dam-
out. You want to find an answeriẠạ
able by natural or human phenome-
age. The pilot tried to make a second
said.
But, he added, having a theals is
ER,
Holmes was one of many at a Leonard Silverman, foresample
na. From that admission, MUFON
pass on the vehicle, but the UFO out- not enough.ẠạWe need evidence. We
bour-hour seminar yesterday for li-
ẠThe implica-
members hope to focus study
/ on
ran the SU-22-
need to track something out into
LEDG
censed unidentified flying object in- tions of
UFOs
encounters - of the first, second and
vesrigators.
are fascinating.
third kind - that haven't been
spectator soice had a ported be
space or hope that one of these days
one will stick around long enough to
The event, held at All Souls he said.
explained even after exte
nsive study
ing abducted by aliens who conduct- be studied."
TRIOT
Church in Braintree, concentrated kind of an es
on fact, The UFO buffs sald fit wan cape: higher
One document that made the ed extensive tests on then
When confronted with the argu
Maybe
or
rom as Departioniạif Delined
"We have a New York mus
ment that allen spacecraft would
the
Dep
curator, college professors
Well
have to have been launched eons ago
PA
fringe"
rough the Fre
Street executives, superintendent to reach the earth now, Greenwood
image of hard scientific inquiry
ing to Barry G
of schools and peopla high up in the said that propulsion systems devel-
free sister Victor aler she is it out be
author of Clear Intent, a
ik alleg-
military who have been abducted and
oped by other societies may be able
ing extenaive gover
studied
extensively. Christensen to make UFOs go faster than scien
He said he views extra-terrestrials
The report documents an alleged
said. She said the prople would not tista currently believe
reveal their names
fear of ridicule
But as soon as she or others at the
He decried the arrogance and ego gar Air Force base, passed along by
meeting would begin talking about
investigator Robert Melesciuc, and a problema of scientista and religious
what the department called a reliable
"the thousands of abductions people
talk on public relations strategy.
radere who dismiss the possibility
source.
have rep
orted. " they wo
ld step back
