{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T07:54:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 111856, "source_ctime_ns": 1790346574790374570, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-08-24_Santa-Ana-Orange-Co-Reg-CA-Pt-2-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790346574786487210, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-08-24_Santa-Ana-Orange-Co-Reg-CA-Pt-2-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "08ca4dc6816c74a3eef049288642a366776382a7159b1f711a9e8cc7c85b8a47"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 738, "chars": 4433, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tired Hillenkoetter is reported to
have testified before Congress
about a government cover-up of
UFO evidence.
ạif we were paid for all the hour!
it took to find this stuff, I could
retire by nowiạiRegehr said.
Another document - describing
*Project Aquarius" -purportedly
was leaked to Moore and given to
Regehr. It describes actual contact
with aliens by the U.S. military.
ẠThis project met with positive
success when in 1959, the United
States established primitive com-
munications with the aliens. On
April 25, 1964, (an Air Force) intel-
ligence officer met two aliens at a
prearranged location in the desert
of New Mexico. The contact lasted
for approximately three hours. ...
This project is continuing at an Air
Force base in New Mexico."
The paper also describes aẠỌPro
Snowbirdiại established in
1972ẠạIts mission was to test fly a
recovered alien aircraft. This pro-
Ject is continuing in NevadaẠồỊ
Regehr and his associates be-
lieve Snowbird is located at the
Tonopah Test Range or a secret
facility at Groom Lake, both of
which are in deserted areas of Ne-
vada. Although aerial photos in
Lockheed Co. publications show
Groom Lake to have one of the
longest airstrips in the world, the
base does not appear on maps or
aviation charts of the area, Regehr
said.
The Air Force has not ac-
knowledged the existence of a Ton-
opah airfield
He has collected eyewitness ac-
counts from military pilots de-
scribing a strange, disc-shaped
aircraft flying out of the area.
He believes that the Stealth pro
gram, reportedly operating out of
those two Nevada bases, is using
nformation gleaned from UFC
technology. He said UFOs consis-
tently are sighted but often do not
appear on radar, a Stealth charac-
teristic.
The description of the crashed
alien vehicle in the MJ-12 briefing
- including the absence of vacuum
tubes and electrical wiring - fits
recent developments in fiber elec-
tro-optics and computer-chip tech
nology, Regehr said. Such technol-
ogy would be largely unrecogniz
able in the early 1950s, he said
ạIt's really just a gut feeling, of
course. We can't prove any of
thisiẠạihe said.
Meanwhile, Regehr and Graham
keep pounding out the Freedom of
Information requests. They ask for
records on MJ-12, they ask for au-
topsy results on the alien bodies,
they ask what's going on at Groom
Lake. They get back a lot of letters
referring questions to other agen-
cies.
They took the MJ-12 briefing pa-
per into the Defense Investigative
Services office at Aerojet last
year, asking officials what they
should do with it and if it could be
authenticated. Instend, an investi-
gation of their backgrounds was
6 We think the (Majestic-
12) project is so far along.
it's about to explode. After
40 years of deceit and
cover-up, it's going to
catch up with them, and
the truth will come out. 59
Ron Regehr
compiles data on UFOs
launched to see if they were a secu
rity risk, according to their person
nel records, Regehr said.
Neighbors, relatives and co
workers were questioned. Regehr
said he was questioned for three
days, eight hours a day. The agent
investigating him was named
James Kirk.
No kidding, Regehr said, not-
ing that James Kirk is the name of
the fictional captain of the starship
Enterprise from the television se
ries "Star Trek."
Nothing happened to the men as
a result of the investigation, al
though they never received any
word on the authenticity of the doc-
uments, he said.
Regehr's wife, Sydney, said she
admires her husband's persistenc
- even if it does spill over inte
evenings, weekends and vacations
They'll be camping later this
month, and they'll just happen"
to swing by Sandia, N.M., to see
what they can see, she said
Ạ¿It's human nature to want to
know these things, to ask whyạẠạ
she said. ạẠạIt"s a challenge to the
mind, to think about the unknown
These guys have worked hard
They're going to see the fruits of
their labor some dayiạ
As much as he wants to know the
truth, Regehr isn't so sure any
more what would happen if his pile
of documents one day contained
proof positive of UFOs. He worries
that the public may not be pre-
pared for full disclosure. Perhaps
that is why information isẠạleak
ing" slowly through people like
Moore, he suggested - a kind of
testing of the waters.
*We think the (Majestic 12) pro
ject is so far along, it's about to
explode," he said. "After 40 years
of deceit and cover-up, it's going to
catch up with them, and the truth
will come out."
