{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T10:24:07Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 125501, "source_ctime_ns": 1790208655494640614, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-03_Denver-Up-The-Creek-CO_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790208655489186272, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-03_Denver-Up-The-Creek-CO_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "1c20ae598078eee1e55f14a754eb98dfaf91f47899750215df25ce5aed2b3c6d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 706, "chars": 4126, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CURRENTS
By Jane Diehl
Somewhere Out There
Does it give you solace to think we
name for the voices in her head, don't
on Earth are being watched over by
direct her or order her to do things,
space beings? Maybe it just gives you
she insists, but have discussions that
pause. Or the heebie-jeebles.
eventually turn out to be helpful. The
Alice Pittman of Denver, for one
difference between her guys and voices
thinks they are out there. She hasn't
heard by some mentally ill persons,
had actually seen them herself, but she
she thinks, is that the mentally ill
thinks in a matter of months everyone
aren't able to use the information to
in the world will have seen a UFO
help other people and they may not b
whether they realize it or not..
dealing with third dimensional reality.
Pittman is a member of An-
As far-out as her theories are, Pitt-
tahkarana, a support group for people
man comes across like someone who
who have had UFO contacts and who
does have a grasp on reality, third-
are by Pittman's appraisal loosely
dimensional or otherwise. She is down
connected with New Age thinking.
to earth and possesses a good sense of
Pittman and other Antahkaranans
humor.
believe that space visitors are actively
In any case, space y
tors apparent-
communicating with chosen Earthlings
ly are more likely to be heard than
Shades of Shirley MacLaine's Out on a
seen. The fact that they are seen by
Lumb. Because of our propensity to
some and not others causes some
misuse nuclear energy, "The Space
discomfit among believersạẠỊWe all go
CommandạỊạ as she refers to the space
through a lot of personal anxiety over
visitors, is here to keep us from blow
not being allowed to see one,
ỊạẠsays
ing up our planet.
Pittman.
"Our tendency is to blame
iThey're here to warn us. If we
ourselves: aren't we be
were to blow our planet up, the ripple
enough?
leving
effect would be felt throughout other
On the other hand, the Space Com
galaxies,iạisays Pittman.
mand says not everyone needs to see
Ashtar, the head of Space Com-
them. They reveal themselves, not at
mand, and otherạẠỗspace brothers and
random, says Pittman, but to make a
sisterỊạicommunicate through chan-
point:
nelers. According to Pittman, the
Besides, it is entirely possible that
space visitors elect to channel through
the less enlightened among us have
someone who is dedicated to helping
had UFO contacts without being con-
mankind. As an example, she men-
sciously aware that we have been con-
tions that one of the more well known
tacted, Pittman and others believe.
channelers is an otherwise
Even if we don't realize we've had a
unremarkable little old lady from Salt
•UFO contact, though, there are telltale
Lake City named Tuella.
signs. Somewhere along the line, once
Channelers come in three
it happens, our lives begin changing
varieties-trans- or trance-channelers,
for the better, Pittman says. We start
whose bodies are literally taken over,
feeling different about life-our
and two types that involve the host
reading material changes and we feel a
being conscious and merely sharing
deepening need to help humanity.
energy with the guest speaker, so to
It's easy to scoff, but Pittman says
speak.
One type of conscious channeler-
believers are more mainstream than
we might think. She says tests per-
Pittman herself is one-is aware that
formed on people who have had UFO
words are coming out of his or her
contacts reveal that they are above
mouth, but is unaware of what is be-
average in intelligence, are broad-
ing said. The other variety of con-
minded and competent.
scious channeler, according to Pitt-
The tests might also have revealed
man, is aware of what is coming out
that people who have had UFO con-
of his or her mouth to the extent of
tacts are more imaginative. Or.
being able to monitor what is being
whether its moonbeams or star
said.
dwellers, that they have a fundamental
Pittman has been channeling since
need to believe that someone or
she was a child. It took years before
something is out there on the trip with
she was able to figure out whoẠỗ¿he
us.
guys" were. "The guys," Pittman's
THE CREEK, Denver,
8
- Apri1
19ł
