{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T14:10:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 130412, "source_ctime_ns": 1790384690477618636, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-04_Bryan-Eagle-TX_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790384690471113778, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-04_Bryan-Eagle-TX_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "bcaf80b2029f0c16de6d0f471953b4ae35805155469703a5f3687eb7a46235c1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 704, "chars": 4309, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
By Jon Van
COMMUNION. By Whitley Strei-
ber. Beech Tree-Morrow. $17.95.
Random louse. 7.05. Hopkins.
Sucin to be rate the noreig
elatives.
They drop in un-
1987
EAGLE, Bryan, TX - April
concern for their host's peace of
mind.
This impression is derived from
wo new books from major pub-
lishers. It is possible another bou
with flying saucers reminiscent of
e spawned some years ago by the
1ạiClose Encounters of the Third
Kind"* is on the horizon.
The books share content and style
nilarities much as do televisi
situation comedies that spin off
another. Budd Hopkins, author
Intruders," is a self-proclaimed
UFO investigator who was called
upon by Whitley Strieber, a writer
of fictional horror tales, for help
with Strieber's own odd encounte
described in "Communion."
Hopkins located therapists to
hypootize Stricber so he could relive
encounters with other-worldly visi-
tors. On most occasions, Hopkins
participated in the questioning of
Strieber while he was under hyp-
nosis.
Strieber's book concentrates on
his own personal experiences and
mates from get the spend a let
of time speculating about the mean-
ing of these experiences. Hopkins*
book focuses on the experiences of ‹
one woman, but also brings in stor-
les from several others.
Alien visitors?
Hopkins and Strieber both criti-
cize skeptics and both adopt a
pseudo-documentary style that
apparently is intended to persuade
the reader that, fantastic as it may
sound, Earthlings are visited repe-
atedly by short gray people with
large scary eyes who travel in flying
saucers. Both books are filled with
meaningless detail, long verbatim
rambling accounts by people who
are hypootized and extensive post-
hypnotic narratives and analyses.
Skeptics who balk at the notion of
flying saucers and little gray men are
called closed-minded, while Strie-
ber and Hopkins call themselves
true skeptics who keep their minds
open while seeking the real truth.
et even a cursory
reading indi-
caics that far
from being a
skeptic, Hopkins is a cheerleading
advocate of spacemen and UFOs. In
Hopkins* view
aliens visit humans
so often that if they flew commer-
cially instead of using flying sauc-
ers, they'd ear enough frequent
points to go to China
week. Hopkins suggests to
propions nightmares arent real.
ly dreams at all, but actually are real
events their minds won't accept.
Strieber is less certain than Hop-
kins that the visitors are aliens from
other planets, but he is convinced
they are real and that they selectiẠại
people to contact repeatedly, He
fond of these brings, wacing
they may be fairies, ghosis, time
travelers from the future or members
of a large insect-like hive, some--
thing like tall termites, whose ac-
tions are governed by the aggrega-
tion rather than individually.
The visitors* bchavior is difficult
to fathom, even for UFO investiga-
tors. Like The Shadow from the old
radio serial, these aliens haveẠỊthe
power to cloud men's minds,i mak-
ing people forget most of what hap
Why people remember sons thing.
from their encounters, why they
have dreams and why sometimes the
aliens neglect to wipe away memor-
les is unknown. We are given a pic-
ture of creatures with vast intelli-
gence and advanced technology who
at times seem to be forgetful bumb-
lers and at other times unfeeling
fiends.
In total, these books ask the read-
er to accept as fact a series of asser-
tions that are fantastic on their face.
For their arguments to persuade, the
reader must accept on faith that
these authors are honest, objective
men who passonately seek the truth
Most of the alien behavior as de
scribed in these books seems point-
less. Who they are and what they
want is a mystery.
These visitors could be remnants
of a dying race trying to strengthen
their genetic stock, as one visited
woman in the Hopkins book sug-
gests. Or maybe they realize they
look funny being so bald, and they
want their kids to have hair, accord
ing to theories of a mechanie in the
Hopkins book who claims he had
sex with an alien.
Whatever they are, the creatures
portrayed in these two accounts and
the humans they visit appear mostly
as tedious oafs.
Their antics may be followed with
less exertion and more enjoyment by
scanning tabloid headlines while
waiting in supermarket checkout
lines.•
Jon Von is a Chicago Tribune scien-
ce writer.
