{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T08:11:02Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 116276, "source_ctime_ns": 1790402262759760257, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-12-21_Austin-Daily-Herald-MN_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790402262755573483, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-12-21_Austin-Daily-Herald-MN_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "39e5ed306f2967b673ed5df71c4aa630c21e7a66d7618b10d8929222026eef44"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 712, "chars": 4168, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DAILY HERALD, Austin, MN - Dec. 21, 1987
Possible UFO spotted in rural
Rose Creek area Friday night
By WILLIS WOYKE
spot for local gossip, said no one he had
when told of Ellingson's statement
Herald Staff Writer
talked to Saturday said they had seen
that an airplane had been in the area.
ROSE CREEK - Was it an airplane
the UFO. But, he added, several town-
the man responded: "I can't believe
or an unidentifled flying object that
speople reported that they had been
that. That was noairplaneiạ
hovered over a rural area southeast of
listening to police scanners Frida
The deputies dispatched to the scene
Rose Creek Friday evening? That
night and had heard of the sheriff's of
didn't look hard enough when the
question may never be answered to
fice investigation.
tried to spot the object, he added. *fr
everyone's satisfaction.
The rural Hose Creek man who
they would've looked they would have
The Mower County Sheriff's Office
reported the apparent UFO sighting
seen (the lights) ... but they looked and
from a da yeared Fural Rose Creek
requested that his name not be printed.
thought it was stars," he said
He sald he had parked his vehicle in
The object might or might not have
man who said unusual-looking lights a shed and was walking toward his
been man-made, he said.
were hovering near his home. Deputies
house when he noticed two lights in the
ạIt's funny someone else didn't see
were dispatched to the scene but repor-
southwestern sky.
it," he said.
"I still don't know what
ted that they saw only stars
"They
were
coming
Garry Ellingson, chief deputy of the
Mower County Sheriff's Office, said
(toward the house) pretty fast, then al
the hell it wasẠỊi
He added that he has never seen a
of a sudden they started to slow up. he
UFO before.
Saturday that he had not worked on
said.
"The next time i looked up there
*Somebody else had to have seen
Friday and therefore was unfamiliar
they were stopped.**
that," he said,
with the incident.Ạại1 guess some of the
A longer look revealed that there
(deputies) were joking about someone
were four lights, not two, he said. Two
calling in a sighting last night,
but
star-colored lights, one about 10 times
that's about all I know about it," he
brighter than the other, seemed to
said
move in unison, as though they were
*There wasn't any report written
part of one object, he added.
that I know of...." he added. "Usually.
A smaller, reddish-orange light and
If it ta sighting) is something of any a "fair-sized".
pale white
light
substance they'd have written a report
revolved around the other two lights
on it. Nothing was written, so therefore
about twice each second, the man said.
we don't even worry about it."
"To me it looked like a helicopter
After doing some further checking.
moving underneath that,ại he said, but
Ellingson said Law Enforcement Cen-
he couldn't make out its shape.
ter
personnel had contacted the
After watching the noiseless object
Rochester Weather Bureau after the
for several minutes, the man said, he
apparent UFO sightingiẠiand the only
went inside. About an hour later, he
thing that the radar showed was an air-
went back outside and the object was
craft in the area. So, apparently, ithe
still hovering in the sky. Several
lighling) didn't amount to a hill a
minutes later, the object started to
beans
move, slowly at first, and then faster.
Fred Ulven, owner of Ulven Ace Har-
It was out of sight within five minules.
dware in Rose Creek.
which is a hot-
he said
walking outside and looking at the sky
when it
that's the only
reason I (saw it).
was dark, Otherwise, you'd
ust think it's two stars up
there, a big bright one and a little tiny
ạIt'd be kind of interesting to find
out what it was, he said. "It was kind
of scary (seeing it), at firstạỊ
Dick Aske, area supervisor of the
Rochester Airport Tower, said records
are not kept of aircraft activity. And
even if there had been an aircraft in
the area of the apparent UFO sighting
that aircraft might not have been in
contact with the Rochester tower, he
said.
There is no radar at the Austin
Municipal Airport.
Radar at the
Rochester Airport picks up all aircraft
flying over 3,000 feet above the Austin.
area
