{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-26T15:32:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 93955, "source_ctime_ns": 1790395872068992656, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-12-06_Milwaukee-Journal-WI_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790395872065473214, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-12-06_Milwaukee-Journal-WI_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "ce889689daeb6abf913369c54a558e36aaa4e9c36b511a518ca79ead1e4eab4a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 516, "chars": 3285, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JOURNAL, Milwaukee, WI - Dec. 6, 1987
UFO research deals
in human frailties
By TIM NORRIS
of The Journal staff
EEING, WHEN IT comes to
Siro, is not necesarily beller.
Lacking undisputed physical evi-
dence, nearly every UFO account
made public la based almost entirely
on eyewitness accounts. And eyewit-
ness accounts, says a man who has
made them his life's work, are noto-
riously unreliable.
ẠỊPeople are prone to
all sorts of
quite readily,
quite readily, ays Steve Pented, an
associate professor of psychology at
the University of Wisconsin - Madl-
son, who specializes In eyewitness
descriptions of crimes.
ẠỊWe can misjudge distance and
scale, size and speed, color and
shape.-
When people do not know what
they are seeing, Penrod says, they
borrow from their preconceptions.
With UFOs - unidentified Byla
bjects - experience offers plenty o
them. Through films and books, fic-
tion and non-fiction, UFOs have
become part of America's everyday
Wey suspect that most potled fly-
not eager to see an unidentified fly-
Ing object," Penrod says, "but when-
ever an anomalous sighting comes
up. there are people prepared to
Interpret it in that way, gather obser-
vations together and see something
systematic happening out there, ever
without any compelling evidence.
Most allen sightings show a pat-
tern: people in cars on lonely roads
encounter bright lights. In abduction
stories, people sometimes report
blacking out and losing time, several
hours or more. Through a technique
called hypnotic regression, UFO
investigators have helped witnesses
"recall
events from this lost time.
These events often Involve allens
taking them into saucers and con-
ducting bodily examinations.
But hypnosis Itself can be faulty.
Penrod says the detalled abduction
stories may come, like dreams, from
the subconscious.
"There are very strong indications
that hypnosis can prompt people to
recall things that they did not see or
experience,
" he says,ạIf those hyp
notic procedures have been conduct-
ed by people who belleve that these
A UFO was reported near
Union Grove a year ago
subjects have experienced an abduc-
ton, that approach would have to be
Viewed with great suspicion.
UFO researcher Don Schmitt
agrees that hypnosis presents prob-
lems, but he points out that fully one
in three people claiming abduction
have a full waking memory of it. He
adds that his group, the Center for
UFO Studies based in Chicago, care-
fully monitors the use of hypnosis to
avold suggestion.
"There have been so many cases
with nearly identical descriptionsiẠạ
ithat you're either talking
about a woridwide psychological
problem or people are describing
what they saw and experiencedẠạ
As for cases Involving multiple
witnesses, both Schmitt and Penrod
agree, natural phenomena such as
bright stars or planets, light diffract-
ed by ice crystals, mirages, meteor-
Ites or falling satellites would offer
the same images to one person or a
hundred. They are less certain about
multiple abductions.
Penrod does not dismiss claims of
UFO experiences, but he questions
whether they reflect inward or out-
ward realities.
It's very difficult to come to
terms with these stories," Penrod
says.
ạIt's as though you have to
engage in several levels of trust. The
question la, where do you invest your
trust?*
