{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-26T16:58:52Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 96437, "source_ctime_ns": 1790159788071746700, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-01-21_New-Glarus-Post-WI_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790159788066570271, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-01-21_New-Glarus-Post-WI_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "bf5ac38a03cdcc7848687e2341cc8b57dfabff90fa17c48fd50b899b67be3dd5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 601, "chars": 3617, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
POST, Now Glarus, WI - Jan. 21, 1987
UFO sited in area by
Belleville policeman
by Michael Burke
off his squad car to be uble to hear it if
Were we visited by a mysterious
• there was any.
spacecraft last Thursday night?
After calling in the report, Karmar
Glen Karmar. a Belleville police
says Chicago's O'Hare Airport may
officer, thinks so. He says he and his
have picked up the object on radar.
ride-along companion, Jeff Furseth of
"(Madison's) airport was closed. he
Belleville, spent approximately half an
explains. "Chicago said they were
hour late that night observing a tight
tracking a slow-moving object but
cluster of flashing or blinking lights that
cound not do any voice contact."
remained motionless in the sky
However, because the Dane County
southwest of Belleville
dispatcher did not copy down the
That was actually the second siting of
coordinates given by O Hare, Karmar
the object for Kazmar, he said--the first
can't be certain it was the same object,
came about 8 or 8:30 p.m. Thursday
although he thinks it very likely.
kind of disregarded
chening in the same part of the sko ne
Eventually, a Dane County sheriff
it at the time.
deputy from Verona who saw the same
says. -because i knew it's a plane route.
sight came up the hill and joined
Later, I thought, It's not moving
Karmar and Furseth. A Green County
The second siting began about 2:50
sheriff deputy did the same. He was the
a.m. Friday morning
•aclear night
only one of the four to label the object
Kazmar recalls. This time. he und
anything other than a spacecraft of
Furseth, a neighbor of Kazmar's, drove
some kind -he thinks it was a nova, or
west on Hwy, 69 and then up Quarry
exploding star, Kazmarsays. (Funk and
Road, to the highest area vantage point
Wagnall's Standard Dictionary defines
they could find.
a nova as A star that suddenlv
From there, the two men watched
what Kazmar describes as a "close-knit*
prightens and then dims alter a perios
of a lew months or years.
* That
cluster of red. blue and white lightsiạfor
definition makes it seem unlikely that
about 15 minutes before Karmar went
the object can be called a nova.)
to phone in the siting to the Dane
Furseth and Karmar both reacted the
County Sheriff Department dispatcher.
same way, Kazmar saya, they were
to find out whether anyone else had
awe-struck."
reported the object.
Furseth says
he thought the most
He returned after a few minutes and
likely explanation, as he was watching.
continued watching the object for a
was that it was a weather balloon. But
while before it slowly moved off in the
the National Weather Service, which he
opposite direction from them
called the next day, said a weather
Where and how far away did the craft
balloon would not have lights
seem to be?
"That's the hardest thing
Is Karmar, in general, a believer in
the location." Kazmar responds, He
UFOs? "1 keep an open mind on stult
estimated, by using two maps, that it
like th
- he answers. "There's been so
was somewhere in the Monticello
тав
htings.
." Furseth expressed the
vicinity the entire time.
same
"We lined it up with a telephone pole.
Since
he incident, is Karmar more
and it didn't move whatsoever,
" he say»
prone to s
anning the night sky?iạiI went
It was still in the same place after his
out the next n
he says w
ith a laugh.
phene cail, he adds.
but there was no repeat pertorn
ance.
*It's very hard to determine height.
Karmar
sass he would be interested
Kazmar continues. "It was very high."
to hear from anyone else who
No sound was perceptible from their
have spotted the same object
last
location, Kazmar says, although he shut
Thurs
jay nigni
