{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T11:40:14Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 125440, "source_ctime_ns": 1790257757290102184, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-12_Denver-Post-CO_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790257757223917394, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-12_Denver-Post-CO_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "0e78b0b28eca79f58a2006b0b3ce964d7369dc00ece509240da658398d3bf4a6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 617, "chars": 3938, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
POST, Denver, CO - April 12, 1987
INTRUDERS:
The Incredible Visitations at Copley Woods
By Budd Hopkins
Random House, $17.95
Aliens are on the prowl
UFO author suspects a genetic-engineering plot
By Dennis Stacy
tion
alien
beings,
"Comm
nioriẠạialready making an
appearance on national best-seller
asts, no one should be startled to
find a second new book treating
the same subject, given publisher's
penchants for bandwagons.
Literary incest in this case, how-
ever, is more than skin deep. In
fact, the author of "Intruders,*
New York abstract artist Budd
Hopkins, plays a major role in
"Commu
tionạas well. It was Hop
kins, a specialist in UFO abduction
eases, to whom Communion au-
thor Strieber turned for help when
be thought he was losing his mind.
Hopkins arranged for Dr. Don-
ald Klein of the New York State
Psychiatric Center to serve as
trieber's hypnotherapist, and la
r Introduced him to a small su
port group of abducteest who
claimed similar experiences -
that they had been taken bodily
aboard flying saucers against their
will and there were subjected to
physical examination. The two au-
hors have subsequently suffered a
falling out and are no longer on
speaking terms.
Without choosing sides, what are
terrestrial readers supposed to
make of such cosmie shenanigans?
"Communion** author Strieber,
in a style reminiscent of a space-
age Carlos Castaneda, believes he
was kidnapped by "visitors who
Ippear to share a hivelike mind
though their origins and motive
remained obscure, Strieber specu
lated that the extraterrestrial hive
"seeks the very depth of the soul:
it seeks communioniẠạỊi
Hopkins, on the other hand, be-
from vaguely remembered dreams
(not to mention the hypnosis itself,
which is notoriously problematic)
- a plague that also pesters Strie-
ber's book.
Still, the scenario Hopkins ar-
rives at isn't quite so outlandish as
it might be, given 1) our own pres-
Badd Hopkins
leves the aliens may have some-
thing more mundane and consider-
ably less cerebral in mind. The
case his book argues for UFOs and
their mysterious occupants is that
they are practicing a widespread
program of genetic engineering
almed at human beings.
Focusing on a series of bizarre
but apparently UFO-related events
that befell several members of the
*Davis" family of Indianapolis
(virtually every case history Hop
khs recounts is anonymous),
"In-
truders relates the story of an
alien conspfracy
Hopkins offers a mo
untain of an-
ectotal testimony, mostly obtained
under regressive hypnosis, that
points to repeated extraterrestrial
abductions of certain chosen indi-
viduals beginning in their child
hood and continuing throughout
their adult years. Unfortunately.
the evidence Hopkins adduces is
contaminated by the fact that
much of this testimony springs
Isms, and 2) the assumption that
any intelligent life form capable of
interstellar travel would be at least
as proficient in such techniques as
we are
What Hopkins proposes, if you
haven't guessed by now, is that our
alienaut visitors have been collect-
ing samples of human sperm and
ova for their own as-yet-unrev-
ealed purposes, Male abductees
Hopkins has talked to have report-
ed Instances of what amounts to
extraterrestrial rape, while their
female counterparts recall opera-
tions similar to both artificial in-
semination and laparoscopy - the
extraction by tube of eggs from the
ovaries.
In at least one instance, that of
i Kathie Davis,* the allens suppos-
edly Impregnated her during the
course of one abduction, then ex-
tracted the fetus before term in the
course of another. She was later
supposedly abducted yet again and
allowed to see her female child, a
hybrid of human and allen genes.
But we humans may yet have
the last laugh. Two of the males
Hopkins Interviewed told him the
had had vasectomles before thei
abductions.
Dennis Stacy is a San Antonio
writer whose work has appeared in
such magazines as OMNI and
Smithsonian's Air & Space.
