{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-28T08:34:09Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 166742, "source_ctime_ns": 1790152530458115093, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-03-10_Idaho-State-Journal-ID_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790152530419093586, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-03-10_Idaho-State-Journal-ID_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "44df0b98985dd966455de9db8ae01dc5d8ced7a18c58c31dbe59173474e30f91"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1112, "chars": 6991, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IDAHO STATE JOURNAL, Pocatello, ID - March 10, 1987
UFO Expert Points to Coverup
money off it and they appear to be
When Subject is Brought Up
publicity-ahy.**
fastings also has a copy of i
elter written by then Arizona Sen
By RICK DAVIS
for Barry Goldwater to Lee M
Journal Writer
Graham statingại have given up
The subject is Unidentified Flying
Objects (UFOs) and possible U.S.
government coverups of their exist
ence. The data, presented succinctly
by Robert Hastings, comes from
years of research and papers ob-
tained under the Freedom of Infor-
mation Act.
A conclusion is that something
akin to the so-called Star Wars
space defense plan already exista.
Only Il's the allen Chewbaccas that
are controlling the machinery, not
• Critics and skeptics
Ạare numerous, from
intelligence and.
military personnel to
sclent/sts lIke Cornell:
"University's Dr. Carl
• Sagan, who wants.
proof of UFOs.
acquiring access to the so-called
blue room at Wright-Patterson (Air
Force Base, Ohio) as I have had on
long string of denlals from chie
after chiet."
Hastings sald reporta indicate sau-
cer remains are stored at the facili-
Goldwater's former administra-
tive assistant, Judy Eisenhower,
told the Journal Monday that, ạẠthe
Senator probably wrote that letter. I
remember the Incident.*
the human Laikes.
Goldwater, who was chairman of
Hastings, an independent civilian
the Senate Intelligence Committee
researcher presented hisiẠỊUFOs:
at the time, could not be reached for
The Hidden Historyạ Jecture to an
Los Alamos Research Facility In
comment
overflow audience at the Idaho State
New Mexico and other overflights,
Other reporta range from a saucer
University Student Union Ballroom
Ạạexpressed clear inte
erest (by UFOs)
that buzzed an Allas ICBM which
ROBERT HASTINGS
Monday night. In it, he portrayed an
in nuclear bomb storage hangarsẠạ
Jater malfunctioned in 1964 to then
...Not getting rich, he says.
ongoing coverup by the Air Force,
The latest document, dated Au
CIA executive assistant Victor Mar-
FBI and CIA which has come to
gust, 1980 describes,iạa round disk-
chetti (who later wrote a book on
ẠỊWhen the altuation got heated
light since over 600 previously clas
shaped craft sighted by
security
the subject) stating for the record
and obviously the persons in the
sifled documents were obtained by
forces near Kirtland AFB, New
that he came across information
tower
were upset I was asked to
Dr. Bruce: Maccabbee,
an optical
MexicoẠỊ
that indicated saucers had crashed,
leave, he said. t1 later was told the
physicist working for the U.S. Navy
The object apparently sat down
been secretly recovered and in-
• Largets turned out to be objects that
and W. Todd Zechel, a former Na-
next to a storage area with 400
volved, "very sen
itive operationaạẠỊ
were neither aircraft nor helicopters
Lional Security Age
ncy employee.
nuclear warheads and Hastings says
Hastings says he's not out toạiget
maneuvering near ICBM silos. They
The docu
enta Include internal
he has eyewilness accounts of trig-
the governmentiẠạ He says he simply
ascended in unison at speeds
memos,
• reports from
air traffic
gering mechanisms malfunctioning
Is pr
ling the facts, which have
tracked by radar at 4,800 MPHiẠạỊ
lers and pliots and North
and fires of unknown origin taking
nely denled by the Air
Critics and skeptics of the pro-
Am
Air Defense (NORAD)
place after overfights at other in-
Force, CIA and NORAD for years.
gram are numerous, from intellig
directors' logs which Hastings says,
stallations.
He says he has no answers and that
ence and military personnel to sci
Ạdocument a pattern of overflights
ẠThey may be se
ively sen
ding
he is not making very much money
entists like Cornell University's Dr
and Interference by UFOs at mili-
signals that they have the power to
lecturing 40 times per year at 8750
Carl Sagan, who says that until h
tary puclear installations since the
late 1940gẠỊi
shut down a nuclear launchiạ Has-
plus travel expenses per talk.
sees physical ev
ence of UPOs, he
tings saldẠạWhoever is flying these
After the talk, a number of people
con
ludes that they do not exist.
Hastings talk wax sponsored by
things has an interest in our nuclear
recounted their own experiences
"Sagan has missed the boat.* sald
the Issues and Speakers Committee
weapons capabilities. I've had main-
with UFOs
Hastings.
ạife has not been pre-
of the ISU Program Board and
tenance personnel who corroborated
They included a sighting of a pared to review the type of data tha
altracted the largest crowd ever for
that when the misalles have been
luminous object hovering above the
has come forth. The most voco
such an event, according to director
Inspected (following UFO over-
Gay Mine in 1975, a mysterious critics are the persons who have
Chris Middleton.
flighla) they were found to be non
stationary bright object north of the never studied the dataại
The most provocative document is
operativeạẠạỊi
Test Area North facility at the Idaho
Hastings says he is generally well
deceased, to FBI Director l, Rou
Hastings added that Zechel con-
National Engineering Laboratory in received by his college audiences
sed, to FBI Director J. Edgar
tacted USAF Col. Robert B. Wil-
1975, a possible scramble of Hill Air and will next speak at Arizona State
Hoover in 1960 which discusses the
lingham who awore out a deposition
Force base jets to inve
stigate a UFO University later this month. He con-
recovery of three flying saucers,
that he had first-hand knowledge of
over Ogden, Utah in 1965 and sight-
cludes with his personal opinion of
ẠạỊEach one occupled by three bodles
a crash recovery operation on the
Ings of UFOs above Franklin County
UPOs:
of human shape but only three feet
Texas-Mexico border in 1950, headed
power lines on several occasions.
"Perhaps they consider them-
tallẠạrecovered in New Mexico.
by Col. John Bowen. Bowen would
Hastings termed the comments selves our guardians and are here to
Other papers from the CIA discuss
neither confirm nor deny the inci-
from au
nce members as typical keep the children from burning their.
the need to get information on UFOs
dent, Hastings added
and referred many of them to the hands on a hot stoveiạ
to determine national security impli-
"I have two other NSA sources,
Fund For UFO Research, Box 277.
cations and overflights and landings
neither of them who know
MI. Ranier, Md., 20712
by saucers at Air Force bases,
other,
who were told that allen
He sald his Involvement with
altempted intercepts by Air Force
UFOs began in 1967, when as a
fighters and eyewitness accounts
bodies are slored at Brooks teenager vialting the control tower
Aeromedical Laboratories in San
from security personnel.
Antonio, Texiạ he continued.
at Malmstrom where his father was
Hastings says Incidents at Malms-
ẠỊWhy would these people awear
stationed, he witnessed the radar
from Air Force Base, Mont., In 1966-
out affidavits attesting to something
sighting of five UFOs
67 and 1975, Loring APB in Maine,
so crazy? They haven't made any
