{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-28T03:55:32Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 158298, "source_ctime_ns": 1790164974042764633, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-01-18_Portland-Oregonian-OR_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790164974030837181, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-01-18_Portland-Oregonian-OR_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "a8111e0cf599b99be245b4c44158be4349f0adcdecfc8f1051e98068ea054b41"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 856, "chars": 5246, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ex-OSU professor theorizes alien beings
By JOHN HAYES
skepticism among official investiga-
Correspondent, The Oreg
tors and scientists.
CORVALLIS - Allens from dis-
Deardorff says the social shock of
cant worlds may be watching Earth
confronting extraterrestrials could
and making unofficial contacts with
be avolded as long as the widespread
elected humans, says a recently
disbeller among governments and
retired scientist at Oregon State Uni
versity.
scientists was not
Jeopardized.
"Awareness of what was taking
His theory is that advanced and
place would then proceed very grad
benevolent space beings may have
ually, no faster than humankind in
adopted an embargo on official con-
general was inherently prepared to
tact with earthlings, wishing to
accept the extraterrestrial mes
avold the chaos that could sweep the
sagesiỊạDeardorff wrote in his 1960
planet if their presence were aud
paper
denly revealed.
Deardorff is prepared to accept
Instead, they have adopted a
many ideas looked upon skeptically
leaky embargot policy that allows
contact only with citizens whose
by other scientists, including telepa
thy and the possibility of time travel
stories are unlikely to be credible to
and physical dimensions other than
fists and the government, sald
space and time.
ntist, James W. Deardorff,
sor emeritus of atmospher
"Less middle ground'
His open-mindedness has made it
hey just want to let those know
more difficult to operate in the scien
prepared to
accept
it in
tific mainstream, where scientific
that there are other be
committees have been formed to
Deardorff said.
"They may
debunk theories about UPOs and
lowly prepare us for the
psychic phenomena.
I come later when
retired in Septem
-on
ber,
described by col-
of the most illustriou
lished in scientific journas
of OSUs
mospheric s
There's a lot less middle groun
search
han there used to be, he said. It'
lence and bound
no accident that I'm getting more
eld's highest ho
ayer effects earned him th
active in this area now after retire-
ors, including th
1978 Rossby gold medal of the
ment."
• In his own department, Deardorff
dcan Me
Ical Soclety.
received mixed reactions when it
became clear he was heavily
Took early retirement
Involved in research on alien beings
Yet the lure of extraterrestrial
"There were some who preferred
mysteries unexamined by the scien
not to talk about it at all, but maybe
tifle estabi
Ishment was too strong to
OSU professor emeritus James Deardortt
I retir
red last fall to devote
three-fourths of the departmen
resist. Last fall Deardorff took an
all his time to studying the possibility of extrate
rrestrial life.
were very interested," he sald
early retirement and began devoting
"Only one or two believed it was a
all his energy to the question.
allen societies has traveled to Earth,
Meier's aliens traveled in flying
totally silly waste of timeiạ
Ạ¿He has a worldwide research
and he says it's even possible the
saucers, which they allowed him to
Despite the raised eyebrows,
reputation. We were very sorry to
planet is at any moment under
photograph, and communicated
Deardorff is firm in his resolve to
lose himiẠạisaid W. Lawrence Gates,
observation by a number of different
with Meier through telepathy.
continue his inquiry. The field cries
chairman of the atmospheric sei-
alien emissaries
Meier, dismissed by the heads of
out for serious treatment by reputa
nces department.ỗẠỌẠIt was a com-
Deardorff said he is inclined to
some UFO organizations as a fraud,
ble sclentists, he says, and it could
plete surprise to most of us. I tried
sayeral times to persuade him to
accept the view of UPO experts that
said the aliens would agree to meet
lead to the greatest discovery of all.
10 percent to 20 percent of UFO
only with him. Others were denied
ạỊThe likelihood there's something
sightings cannot be explained using
permission to observe Meler take his
there is very high. Look at it this
In 1985 Deardorff added the
terrestrial explanations alone.
"leaky embargo theory to the scien-
photos.
way: What are the odds that all this
"If they are physically around
Although the case seemed suspi
could be a hoaxiẠạihe said.
tiffe literature on extraterrestrials,
using technology that is tens of
cious to some, it fits Deardorffs
"Why should we leave this up to
Ishing it in the Quarterly Jour-
thousands of years in advance of
theory nicely, since the contacts
science fiction writers? It's time that
nal of the Royal Astronomical
ours, It would appear to be magic to
appear to be designed to provoke
the scientists got involved in thisại
Society,
us," he said
The theory assumes the presence
Since before his retirement, Dear-
of alien beings, an assumption Dear-
dorff has worked on a book describ
dorff says he is inclined to make.
ing what he belleves is the best evi-
First of all, he says in his litera
dence so far for his theory.
ture, there may be between 100,000
The book, which exists in a half-
and 10 million independently
dozen manuscript versions, centers
evolved adva
noed soci
ties on plan
on the experience of a Swiss named
ets in the Milky Way galaxy alone
Eduard Meler who in the mid-"70€
Deardorff contends it is probable
reported on 120 meetings he had
that one or more of these advan
with allen beings.
