{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T10:16:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 125418, "source_ctime_ns": 1790160156672877459, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-10-28_Bland-Messenger-VA_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790160156656905843, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-10-28_Bland-Messenger-VA_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "815a2bd65dfd4f32d8f4ccc7fa944ced074ecfbb79e97fd88c590f1f3c44a719"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 633, "chars": 3745, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO sightings:
Press conference
seeks answers
VA
By MICHAEL HAWKS
Staff Writer
The latest chapter in the saga of
the UFOs spotted around Wythe
County over the past month un-
folded in a news conference held
at WYVE Friday afternoon.
MESSEN
WYVE News Director Danny
Gordon called the news conference
to try to solve the mystery sur-
rounding the UFOs.
In addition to Gordon, the mem-
bers of the panel included Andrew
Convery, a computer analyst from
Virginia Beach who studies UFO;
John Stember, a photographer from
New York who came down to take
Danny Gordon's drawing depicts what he believes he saw.
some pictures of the UFO; Roger
He said when he saw the object
military test of a new aircraft, the
Hall, a Wytheville businessman who
between 9 and 9:30 p.m. Thursday,
military does not discontinue this
witnessed the UFO while travelling
he noticed how serenely the craft test in the light of all the national
with Gordon, and Emma Burchett,
was riding, flying as it were without
attention being focused on Wythe
a housewife from Austinville who
fear of interdiction.
County because of the sightings,
saw the UFO Thursday night while
He also said these sightings were
he said it may be an operation that
driving with her husband on state
unique in the history of UFO sight-
the military cannot discontinue.
Route 619.
angs for their universality. He said
Stember said he had a made a
The group reached a consensus
at any store in Wythe County, one
videotape of the object as well as
that the object was in the shape of
can find people who have seen the
taking 35mm photographs of it
a large dome that was led by a
UFO. He also said most UFO sight-
The quality of the videotape is too
large red strobe light, and other
ings last a couple of days;the ones
poor to distinguish anything other
lights fitted around the large object.
in Wythe County have gone on for
than a light. The photographs have
The object had three U-shaped
nearly a month, These facts also
panels like picture windows from
lead him to believe that this object
not been developed yet
Television stations WSLS, WDBJ
which a warm yellow light emanat-
is part of a military exercise that
and WVVA taped the press con-
ed. No wings were apparent any-
has no need to fear detection from
Terence, Representatives from Unit-
where on the craft, and the witnesses
military aircraft.
ed Press Interational and The As
described the main object as larger
He also said he has reason to
sociated Press were also present as
than a commercial airliner. All wit-
believe the military aircraft are
well as reporters from the Roanoke
nesses said the object made no noise.
searching for something, saying the
Times & World News, the Bristol
Gordon said they had also come
helicopters had been equipped with
Herald Courier, the Southwest
to the conclusion that the object
search lights. He would elaborate
Times and the Southwest Virginia
was somehow part of a military
no further on why he thought the
Enterprise.
opuration from the way it seems to
aircraft was conducting a search or
follow the same flight paths as mil-
what he thought they were searching
Me
itary jets and helicopters.
for.
anwhile, the story of the UFOs
continues. Two people reported see-
Sightings are usually preceded or
He said the military likes to use
ing the object Thursday night to
closely followed by military aircraft.
this area to test its aircraft because
the Enterprise, and K-92, a radiu
Convery said he heard one man
the terrain is very similiar to Kore
station from Roanoke, will do a
say the jets my over in the daytime
a's
live remote from Wythe County
and the flying saucers take over at
However, when asked after the
Sunday night trying to track down
night
news conference why, if this is a the UFO.
