{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T21:48:07Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 140515, "source_ctime_ns": 1790154270535678364, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-26_Arkansas-Gazette-AR_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790154270528286284, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-26_Arkansas-Gazette-AR_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "3bbcd1b8edef50d689053934f99ad385d95c4ac62c61b2eba1082ca4ad90bf27"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 665, "chars": 4001, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Keeping eye on sky
ARKANSAS GAZETTE, Little Rock, AR - April 26,
Mena resident seeks UFO sighting reports
aystems, has written for technical
By Lamar James
publications and sells wood-burn-
GAZETTE STAFF
Ing stoves. He also is a ham radio
It has been 40 years since Ken-
operator.
neth Arnold, a private airplane pi-
Suspects unreported sightings
lot, saw an unknown object and
coined the phrase "flying saucer, *
He suspects there may be more
and it's been even longer since the
UFO sightings in Arkansas than
prophet Esekiel saw a "wheel
are being reported, and he encour-
within a wheeliẠạ
aged persons to report incidents to
Since the Arnold sighting, there
authorities or his organization
Mazur said he and his wife
have been numerous sightings of
those strange, peaky and some-
sighted a UFO in 1981 as they were
times playful objects that report-
driving near Hector (Pope County)
edly snatch up people from time to
north of Russellville. They saw a
time, whis around scaring the day-
bright blue circular ob
ect about
12 feet in diameter flying less than
lights out of pilots, light up the
night sky and radars and suck
100 feet off the ground near the
power from power plants and cars
road. He sald when he stopped, It
veered off and wobbled as it sped
alike.
away.
Needa volunteere
The sightings have caught the
Interest of Edward F. Mazur, 65, a
semiretired
aerospace engineer
who lives at Mena. Mazur Joined
the Mutual UFO Network (MU-
FON) several years ago, and now
he is Arkansas director. He sald in
a recent interview that he needs
volunteers to investigate sightings
or unusual occurrences that may
be related
MUFON is an international or-
ganization of researchers who
track and research UFO sightings
Mazur sald aẠgreat many PhDs
and highly
qualified physicists
and university professors who are
extremely InterestedỊin UFO phe-
nomena are members.
'Sole Interest"
"Our sole interest is in trying to
get enough acientific talent on
That wobble was a "giveaway,"
he said, adding that UPOs often
wobble or away because they ar
not on&a stable flight pattern."
UFOs are "not making the news
as frequently and the sightings,
particularly in this part of the
world, have tapered off someẠạin
recent years, Mazur sald.
The UFO field has more theories
than hard facts, but getting Mazur
to venture a
rsonal theory of
opinion about UFOs is difficult.
Mazur is willing to go on the re-
cord about one thing, however.
ạive been an serospace engineer
In mainatream weapons systems,
searching seems to be the name of
the game.
Mazur, an Ohlo native, moved to
Arkansas several years ao tror
Florida, where he worked for a de
fense firm. He was intrigued by
Arkanaas because another engi-
whose hobby was geology,
told him Arkansas was a unique
sald This is it.t
Mena 'fita us to a tee"
He sald MenaẠỊjust fits us to a
teeiẠạ His children were educated
at the University of Arkansas -
one in now an electronics engineer
and the other raises horses.
Mazur said he does consulting
work for electronics and lighting
Edward F. Mazur and his ham radio equipment.
and I can say categorically we themselves known to the average
don't have anything approaching
guy who is not high enough up "In
the capability of the performance
the social structure to carry any
of some of these objects. Even the
InfluenceiẠại
stealth bomber is a kiddie car com-
"If these things are not earthly
pared to what these objects are re-
they have shown no sign of bein
ported to doiẠỊạ
hostileạhe said
He sald encounters with UFOs
*When you contemplate the uni-
— such as reports of abductions
verse, it's kind of mind boggling to
by aliens - areạgood entertain-
begin with, he said. Maybe we're
ment and may serve to cushion
not alone in this huge universeiẠỊi
any future revelation that these
More information is avalible
things are genuineạẠạ
from Mazur at Route 8, Postoffice
He said allen visitors, If that is
Box 302, Mena 71953, or by calling
what they are, are pretty unas-
394-5724
suming and seem content to make
