{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-26T16:00:32Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 94738, "source_ctime_ns": 1790279221163535373, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-26_Houston-Chronicle-TX_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790279221148968518, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-26_Houston-Chronicle-TX_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "1a6b954a40d2fced622f60b64b3789177b52d2b8b97919a59e15eae13cbc31d4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 698, "chars": 4047, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CHRONICLE, Houston, IX - April 26, 1987
Extraterrestrials on earth? Before you start hee-hawing....
COMMUNION.
A True Story.
By Whitley Strieber.
Morrow. $17.95.
INTRUDERS
By Budd Hopkins.
Random House. $17.95.
with extrater
Each visitation with its attendant paradores
and terrors are item
ized with an alr
nost tedi
attention to detail, and then Strieber has himself
examined both phy
sically and psy
ologically to
ascertain that any of his exper
oces with the
• folk from outer space could not be the
It of such failings as a phy
ogical mal-
stion of the brain, temporal
obe ep
ilepsy or
BY ANNETTE HARD
even some fall-out from a pre
lincarnation.
THE For of Strikers are a Code
So intent is Strieber in est
hing his sanity.
- I suppose in view of his subject matter - that
munion A True Story. Considering the
in an appendix to the book there is a signed
fact that the author has made his name
statement from Donald Klein, a psychiatric doc-
in the fictional genre of horror and the supernat- . for, who, attests that Strieber is not psychotie
ural. one might assume the title to be a schtick
nor hallucinating nor su
ring from a pers
of sorts - rather like the title of True Confes. - ity disorder: (It's sort of like he gave Strieber an
sions, a magazine that contained stories-that
A in Reality.)
were neither true nor confessions
Now, belore y
ou start hee-beeing over the far-
Oddly enough, however, in Communion Strie-
out idea that lit
tile green - or !
blue or gray -
ber g
factual account of how he and his
men from
ace have
been stud
ing us
been abducted, examined and ex-
nce the late
i might want to check the
a by fragile aliens from outer
Tacte in Rudd Hot
insiạibook.
tre which
lations, emotional humilia-
confirm and even expand on the pher
on of
ory lapses corrected through hyp
the UFOs.
ne to com
ce the author, who the
Back in 191
ed Missing Time,
seeks to convince us that he has made contact
which inelu
dies of earthlings
abducted by aliens and then he promptly went fiction but fact and both predict that the humat
on the talk show tour, not only promoting his
race is in for some large surprises by the year
book but also enabling a large number of people 2000.
to contact him regarding their own experiences
Of course, many may find it easy to dismiss
with the creatures from ou
ter space.
both the books as science fantasy claptrap that
The facts as set forth in both Commu
nion and
is group-directed to the gullible among us. After
Intruders are i
ey vary only in the
all, some might argue with reason on their side,
final spe
es as to the r
easons for the alien
if allens have been in contact with us for the
Invasion. Hop
suggests that the
sast 40 years, why is it that so few people kno
on pa prider to trendred
enelic experimen-
about it? How could such a dramatic phenom
breed a being with the
non be hushed up? And, surely, if estraterrestri-
earthling's physical strength and the extrater-
als were engaging in some sort of biological
restrial's advanced mentality.
commerce wit us, the world powers would be
Or is it an advanced mentality? Hopkins also
heavily concerned and involved
speculates upon the idea that the aliens have a.
In brief, one might conclude that this alien
"hivei mentality.
lavasion is just about as real, let's say, as those
Strieber, on the other hand, becomes distress-
hokey holes in the orone layer that some oddball
Ingly mystic and maudlin as to the ultimate
purpose of these alien visitations, porting forth
scientists are warning us about, predicting that
end of the world unless we stop emitting danger-
esoteric and spiritual theories that have to
ous fumes into the air..
i with the Cath
le Trinity and the Yin and
Yang of the Ta
I in his structle to su:
• I mean, have you, personally, ever seen one of
1 2 1
phy on an unknown
(hose holes? Do you see any world power getting
all excited about them?
ace.
In any case, both the books, especially when
See what 1 mean?
read in tandem. plead a co
vincing case to the
effect that the in
outer space is not
Annette Hard is a li
