{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-28T04:29:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 163317, "source_ctime_ns": 1790263959532924045, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-06-10_Corydon-Democrat-IN-Pt-4-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790263959504404955, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-06-10_Corydon-Democrat-IN-Pt-4-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "f857ec7712dc77fa7b53ab591be44dee16f6a88b6416c456b29feecfd8406842"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 810, "chars": 4680, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Two educators saw them first in 1974
back to fe and tie about get
Saulman. Meetings prevented him
Comedime in Sepenter 7 hoked
from attending a recent assemblage
of UFO sighters at Keith and Janet
Reising's home, but he, too, has seen
the lights.
Saulman, the principal of Corydon
Central High School, and his neighbor
and altured fig send conster,
one fut it wat of my house and is
Ạ& lived down on top of the hill above
Springs Valley (½ mile south of S.R.
62, about three miles west of
200X power-telescope.
Corydon), " Saulman said.
"At that time there were a lot of
out of my truck and bet was to
helicopters at Fort Knox, and they
sound. I expected to hear helicopters
were doing a lot of night flying in our
iẠạIt was revolving, not the way a
*The firal time I noticed anything barrel, sideover ride. One et of ligh
would be blue, the next set yellow.
And then every once in a while, the
lights would get a red tinge to them.
ạWhen the lights were blue, the
exactly what each of them saw that
night, Norman said.
Norman generally agrees with
Saulman's description, except that he
would describe its shape during the
blue lights as round or saucer-shaped.
When the white lights were on, he
again, then it flat disappeared,
They compared drawings the next
day at school, Norman sald. They
were the same.
The thing, whatever it was, came
ẠỊYou could tell they
weren't in planes'
One evening, juat after Memorial
Day weekend, Jeff Stoncipher and his
wife, Cindy, and her sister, Becky
Edwards,
were sitting on the
Stoneciphers' porch. It was about
10:30 p.m., Stonecipher said, when
they noticed some lights coming
across the field toward the house.
The go alorite added, and
real glowy coloriạbe added,
they were moving real erratic - up
and down, back and forth. The two
lights wentạipast Shiloh Church, just
the road." then headed for New
You could tell they weren't planes.
They were moving real, real alow, and
then, when they wanted to, they were
gone.
ạIt couldn't have been a plane or
helicopter Stonecipber said,
the way they
were
movingạỊẠại
Pand
they made no noiseiại
Stonecipher described their altitude
as ta little above tree level, and said
they were anywhere from a half a
mile to two or three miles away.
Joy Schneider says
they come in groups
Joy Schneider Visits New Mid-
ditown a lot. She has relatives there.
She also sees the lights there.
She's seen as many as five at a
time, but mostly, she said, she'll spot
two or three together.
She saw them last about two weeks
ago Friday. She had been visiting her
"I walked out to my car, and the
housekeeper followed me out," she
sald.ạẠỊWe were commenting on the
sta:
tra third we saw one, then two, and
They wereạẠạit-up-type things.
Joy Schneider
ucer-shaped." The lights were red,
abluish, " and white.
"It goes straight - stays more level;
They looked like they were bet-
the others seem to hover and bounce.
he Ne than the tea:
a minutes, he bala, to e
Schneider sald.
couldniẠt see them all of that time
"There's always one of them that
They would come in and out of view.
acts like a motheriạẠạhe commented.
back each night for more than a
month, Saulman sald. "I stayed out
there and watched this thing till one in
the morning sometimes.
"It appeared, when I saw it early
mough, from the southeast. When I
saw it leave (sometimes I just went to
bed and left it up there), it ALWAYS
went to the northwest. And when it
moved, it MOVEDI
This went on, Saulman sald,
through early November. .
"One Saturday night, 1 got very
perturbed about this thing because it
was low that night. It lit up the earth
back in the woods behind my house,
I kind of scare lie a onto the ground.
"That's the night I called Fort
Knox," he said. I talked to the duty
officer, but he wouldn't admit that he
saw It. He sald there was a cloud bank
between us. I sald, 'Do you know
where I am?' and he sald he thought
he did. But any cloud that was visible
to him, I would be able to see, and I
couldn't see any.
Even the night it came close enough
to light up the earth, Saulman added,
it didn't make a sound.
ẠỊThen one night in November, it
wasn't there, And I didn't see it
again..Ạạibe sald.
Norman says he thinks there's been
a change in the ships" from 13 to 14
years ago till now.
ạyou're seeing little fleets now: 13
the regenting braver hunt one ship.
"I belleve there's something,*
Saulman added. I don't know what it
Is. I don't know that I care to know.
They just seemed to disappear a
times, like the lights would go on and
oT."
On other occasions, Schneider sald,
she's watched them continuously for
as long as 45 minutes to an hour.
"When you see more than one,i she
sald, "it's almost like they're playing
a game."
