{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T08:22:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 119729, "source_ctime_ns": 1790155939490800735, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-15_New-York-Times-NY_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790155939480700501, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-15_New-York-Times-NY_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "fe508bb437aa1d9226465a4f15491708fd0f2aa60ee82bac887489812e955627"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 817, "chars": 4900, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TIMBS, New York, NY - April 15, 1987
Sampling the DNA
INTRUDERS
The Incredible Visitations at
Copley Woods.
By Budd Hopkins.
Illustrated, 223 pp. New York:
Random House.
$17.95.
Kathle or one another but who have contacted him
and whose stories turn out to be very familiar.
All have seen the mysterious lights of U.F.O.'s
and have been inside the vehicles as guests of
aliens. The men were forced to give sperm or have
Intercourse with female aliens; the women had
eggs removed from their ovaries or were impreg-
nated only to have their fetuses removed after
eight weeks. Mr. Hopkins leads the reader to the
By Bettyann Kevles
conclusion that the allens are conducting genetic
experiments in which they are introducing healthy
human genes into their own worn-out DNA.
UST about every night television viewers are
offered photographic essays on the lives of in
sects, birds or mammals. The specimens are
often tagged in order to be followed or other-
wise mildly inconvenienced. We are so used to the
ways of ethologists that we can easily imagine a
scenario in wh
lich humans are the spe
cies ur
der ob-
servation and the scientists represe
res of an
alien life form, creatures as removed from us as we
are from whales or moths.
ạiIntruders: The Incredible Visitations at Cop
ley WoodsẠạ is ostensibly the doc
ntation of a
case for the existence of U.F.O.'s - unidentified
flying objects - whose alien occupants abduct
human beings whom they tag, follow through their
ductive years and force to participate in
tic experiments. Budd Hopkins, a sculptor and
painter, acknowledges the zaniness of this claim.
But he calls himself a skeptic and thus turns the
tables on those who doubt him, accusing them of
blind faith in the conventional
Mr. Hopkins became interested in U.F.O.'s
more than a decade ago and published an account
of seven perplexing cases, "Missing Time,* in 1981.
Since then he has appeared on talk shows around
the country, accumulating testimony from people
who claim to have had similar experiences. Their
stories echoed one another's until he met Kathle
Davis, the central and pseudonymous figure in the
events in Copley Woods (an undisclosed Midwest-
ern suburb). Her story so expanded his understand-
ing of what the U.F.O.'s are up to that he wrote an-
other book.
Because "Intruders" is billed as popular sci-
ence, not fiction, I have no qualms about revealing
the plot. Mr. Hopkins skillfully describes his grow-
ing famillarity with Kathie's "dreams" and "mem-
ories," which he augments with interviews with her
friends and family. Many of them turn out to have
been abducted in much the same way but were not
aware of their experiences until he probed. Mr.
Hopkins moves on to people who do not know
Bettyann Kevies is the author most recently of
ạiFemales of the Species: Sex and Survival in the
Animal Kingdomại
Mr. Hopkins shrugs away the larger implica-
tions of this thesis. On the contrary, he says he has
no idea what the aliens ultimately intend or what
can be done. Rather he focuses on their human vic-
tims who have suffered "a species of rape (his
metaphor). They have been violated by the allens,
and violated again by those who dismiss their re-
ports as nightmares. Mr. Hopkins is so convinced
that aliens are disrupting our lives he suggests
their predations explain not only acute lifelong in-
somnia in most victims but the apparently unre
lated rising tide of teen-age suicides.
Mr. Hopkins has changed the names and dis-
guised the sites to protect his sources so the reader
must accept his word for the evidence. I am willing
to belleve that he believes everything he has writ-
ten. I am also willing to believe that Kathle and the
others experienced inexplicable time losses and
strange dreams that may not have been dreams
But I am wary of the accuracy of the information
he gathered through hypoosis. This kind of testi-
mony is disallowed in most courts because hypno
sis is not thoroughly understood and has proved un-
rellable as a source of evidence. Witnesses recall
events that never occurred, but that they are later.
on being brought out of hypnosis, convinced really
happened
1.L these victims are white Americans
Are the allens racists? And why now?
Were there no visits before 1940, or dic
they just go unreported? And what abou
the genetic experiments? It is hard enough to
create hybrids within animal life that has evolved
on earth. It is difficult to imagine an allen life form
whose genetic code could so easily mesh with our
OWIL
Most of all, "Intruders® is too timely. It echoes
our current preoccupation with recombinant DNA,
animal bebavior and species on the brink of extinc
tion. But all Mr. Hopkins is asking for in thes
pages is a hearing, and be deserves that. His yarn is
much too interesting to put down - even if after-
ward, mulling over the details, one has the familiar
feeling of having read a good piece of fiction
