{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T11:30:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 121678, "source_ctime_ns": 1790408883953953129, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-10-24_Roanoke-Times-World-News-VA_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790408883949712193, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-10-24_Roanoke-Times-World-News-VA_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "2566d95733512dd36469a92620527bf084a49e3167ca438c4e164fcb9c150e58"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 667, "chars": 3893, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1987
Spotters say
¿ UFOs actually
¿ military craft
BY PAUL DELLINGER ,
Southwest bureau
WYTHEVILLE - Several peo-
ple who reported seeing unidentifled
Roano
Flying objects over Wythe County
• concluded during a live broadcast on
Wytheville's radio station Friday
that the lights they saw were mili-
go any que dent as wel
We don't think we're dealing
with little fellas riding around in a
LD-
saucer from outer spaceạsald Dan-
ny Gordon, WYVE news director.
ẠỗWe have no Injurles, we have no
panic, but we do have a lot of con-
«a cerned eltizens."
Reporters and photographers
from three newspapers, two wire
TIM
services and three television stations
crowded Into a WYVE studio to ques
tion Gordon and others who sald they
had seen UFOs in the past two
nights.
The others Included Andrew
Convery, a computer analyat from
the Virginia Beach area who is inter-
ested in UFOs, and John Stember, a
rofessional photographer fron
New York City who sald he sho
15mm film of one Thursday night
Stember sald he had had sent the
film out of Southwest Virginia to
avold any chance of authorities con-
fiscating it, and that it would proba-
bly not be developed before the mid-
die of next week. Until then, he sald,
he could not be sure what was on If
Stember sald he saw a large
dome-shaped craft that appeared to
be towing another. He referred to the
larger craft as a mother ship" and
the smaller one as a probe that
went to and from the larger craft.
Although he described the craft
in terms used by UFO buffs, Stember
STEPHANIE KLEIN/RT&WI
Businessman Roger Hall, WYVE news director Danny B. Gordon, photographer John
Stember and computer analyst Andrew Convery
sald they appeared to be of military
origin. Although he heard no engine
fun on with my life and pursue other
noise, Stember sald, he doubted that
He sald he was concerned that
with what seemed to be a strobe light
flashing different colors in front and,
as it passed, three illuminated
i spacecraft would be uning a atrobe
ow-flying aircraft could pose a safe
y hazard
Convery sald the sightings Indi-
UFO fever hit Wythe County
cated a search pattern to him, and he
early this month, and Gordon, who
speculated that the military might
broadcast the first stories of sight-
be searching for a top-secret aircraft
Ings, found himself at the center of
that had crashed. He sald the Wythe
the story as reporters from outside
County UFO sightings have gone on
the region called him for informa-
longer than any he knew of in the
tion.
40-year history of UFO phenomena
Gordon sald he had received at
Gordon sald he had called the
Jeast 300 calls from people who sald
nearest military bases to Southwest
they saw strange objects in the skies
Virginia, and that the people he talk-
over Wythe County,
craft until both disappeared in a
cloud.
"I got the impression that it was
747-size or larger, Convery sald.
Another radio station, this one
from Roanoke, will be searching the
skies over Wythe County Sunday
night during yet another live broad
cast.
ed to said they knew of nothing in
Stember heard Gordon's name
this region similar to the objects de-
In an NBC broadcast about the UFOs
scribed. But Gordon sald It seemed
and got in touch with him before
to him that the military was either
" Tying from New York. Stember ac-
holding air maneuvers or searching
companied Gordon and Roger Hall, a
for something
Wytheville businessman who also
Ạ¿e're asking once again for the .
was on Friday's broadcast, on U.S. 21
military to tell us something or to
south of here Thursday night.
leave us alone, he sald. "I need to
All three said they saw the craft
ạỊWe're going to go out there and
Just check it out, sald Jan Jeffries,
manager of K-92 PM.
This is what makes radio great,
to go
and take yo
lence
with you," Jeffries said. "We're not
going to play it up to be something
t's not and, at the same time,
not
making a joke out of it, eitheriạ
