{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T13:53:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 135725, "source_ctime_ns": 1790198401797190387, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-07-29_St-Petersburgh-Times-FL_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790198401767109551, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-07-29_St-Petersburgh-Times-FL_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "83cdb11c14a7b084f9a467839262596871cc38948bf309acd81b0171d4d3dbbc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 693, "chars": 4345, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TIMES, St. Peteraburg, FL - July 29, 1987
Expert questions
people in Marion
who saw UFO
By BRYANNA LATOOF
Times Co
OCALA
- A physicist who studies
unidentified flying objects for an interna-
tional organization Monday interviewed
several Marion County residents who re-
ported seeing a UFO in June.
Dr.
Willy Smith said he could not
identify the strange aircraft based on the
information he has collected so far.
"I don't know what it was, I don't have
enough elements to make a judgment. It's
prematureạiSmith said.
But he said the aircraft, seen by sever-
al residents and a deputy sheriff, meets.
the criteria his organization requires be-
fore launching an investigation.
"I don't have any doubt they saw
something - something unusualạiSmith
said.
Smith, who lives in Longwood,;
: near
Orlando, spent one day in Marion County.
He said he came to MarionẠạbecause we
heard about these cases and we thought
they were interesting enough for us to
come take a lookẠạ
Smith investigates for MUFON (Mu-
tual UFO Network), an international orga-
nization based in Seguin, Texas. He said
his inquiry could take about three months.
During that time, he'll conduct more in-
terviews, check with government agen-
cies and compile a report.
MUFON was founded in 1969. It has a
network of investigators who work in
STEPHANIE JAMES
WANDA LASHER
cooperation with the Center for UFO
studies in Chicago. Many of its members
hold doctoral degrees in 45 areas of sci-
ence and technology, according to the
organization's literature. Membership is
by invitation.
Smith said he also plans to interview
Jay Manifold, the deputy sheriff who con-
firmed residents' claims that an unusual
aircraft hovered and moved at extraordi-
nary speed on the night of June 17.
Several Citra residents reported a si-
lent, low-flying, lighted object shaped like
a dune buggy that hovered near power
lines.
Manifold also reported seeing the
craft, which he could not identify, shoot.
out of sight in a sudden burst of speed.
At least two other people - one of
them a former police officer - called the
sheriff's
department the next day to say they had also
seen an unconventional aircraft.
Monday, Smith interviewed several people
who saw the craft, including Stephanie James
and Wanda Lasher, who saw the craft as they
were driving in their car near Citra.
Smith said he is also impressed with a
report by Louise Stevens of Ocala that a lighted
craft landed in her front yard on June 23. But he
said her case will not be a priority because of
lack of witnesses.
ạiLouise is a single-witness case. You have
to fulfill a specific set of conditionsạSmith said.
Among the conditions he said the Citra
sighting met:
• Multiple witnesses who described with
similar detail what Smith thinks is a single craft
that maneuvered over the county.
• Besides citizens' reports, a sherifl'a dep-
uty was mystified by what he saw in the sky.
ạit has something that's usually a plus:
police interventionại Smith said.
• The craft made no noise,
iỊạwhich is typi-
cal (of many UFO sightings) and would rule out
a helicopteriỊạhe said.
• The craft was able to move slowly one
moment and then suddenly accelerate and
change direction at high speed.
We don't have anything that would do
that."* Smith said.
One of MUFON's first tasks will be to
determine if the craft was some sort of experi-
mental device being tested by the U.S. govern-
ment. Smith and other investigators will try to
find a logical explanation for the craft.
"If you can explain it, it's not a UFO. If you
get to a point where it's still unidentified, ...
(we) have enough information to write up a
preliminary reportiẠạhe said,
Smith stressed that he takes a scientific
approach to UFO reports and doesn't come to
any conclusions until an investigation is com-
plete.
A retired physics professor who holds mas-
ter's and doctoral degrees from the University
of Michigan, Smith is considered a leading UPO
expert.
He is continuing a research project he
• began in 1984 with the late Dr. J. Allen Hynek,
a former chairman of the Department of As-
tronomy at Northwestern University in Evans-
ton, III.
Hynek, who published several books on
UFOs, was a consultant to the U.S. Air Force
on its Project Blue Book, a government study
on UFO sightings, He also founded the Center
for UFO Studies (CUFOS) in Northfield, II.., in.
1974.
