{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T05:56:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 106582, "source_ctime_ns": 1790294648537670747, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-01-29_Belleville-Recorder-WI_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790294648534179091, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-01-29_Belleville-Recorder-WI_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "28c013935671d53eeadbe8754691648bac711c19fe4cbe0d811ce5f4afff1e1b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 706, "chars": 4227, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Night-time UFO Sighting
Continue In This Area
by Michael Burke
tend to go south or stay in hingers
The casual question. "What's up!"
during winter, Ạạ$ve pretty well got a
lately has taken on new meaning
" track on most of the other shipii he
Some of the things that people
adds.
around here have reportedly been
Majorie Kriz. acting public allair
1987
spotting in the sky at night lately have
officer with the Federal Aviation
been positively out of this world. Or so
Administration's Des Plaines regional
office, had more to say about blimps. A
Reports of extraordinary looking
Goodyear blimp pilot once told him.
spacecrafts continued to be made
Kris says, that blimps do not Bly at
night. except for advertising purposes.
If they have somewhere to go, he says.
sighting by several law enforcement
officers near Belleville.
The most unusual recent sighting
5 reported came from Larry Jelle, a New
• filarus man, and apparently occurred
the same night that Belleville policeman
evil
Glen Karmar saw odd-looking lights
southeast of Belleville. And, although it
may have been just a blimp. that
11
explanation is hard to
Be
Jelle. who works a night job in
Madison, says he saw something cigar
CORDER,
or blimp-shaped at 1:30 a.m. on Jan
16 the same night Karmar watched a
strange. flashing object hovering in the
night sky, The craft, Jelle says, slowly
cruised over New Glarus at a very low
altitude, going northwest.
Ạ$t was like a Goodyear blimp
was really low and going slowiỊạiabout
helicopter speed,
Jelle says.
It first
appeared directly in front of him as he
approached the New Glarus village
limits from the north on Highway 69.
I didn't think much of it.
Jelle
continues,ạẠ¿hut then I heard (about the
Karmar sighting) the next day on the
radio."
Ạỗ$t was like a bi
gar. It was about as
long as a DC-10 or longer, but it had no
wing
iại Its only lights, Jelle says, were
one red on both the front and rear of the
crait.
Was Jelle's sighting really a blimp?
The Dane County Airport cannot say.
because they "don't keep track-
of
blimps coming through the area.
However. the
ossibility of Jelles
having sighted a
imp can be almost
totally ruled out. Dick Sailer, manager
of airship relations for Goodyear. which
owns a good share of the blimps in the
U.5.. says.
"There's no chance
whatsoever that craft was a Goodyear
blimp."
Furthermore.
Sailer says,
"l cant
imagine anyone operating a blimp in
your area in January in good
conscience
they're extremely
susceptible to snow and ice. "and blimps
blimps fly there during daytime hours
Furthermore, Kriz explains, &They're
supposed to be flying at least 1,000 feet
over any populated area." Jelle
object seems to have violated this fule.
And finally, Kriz says a blimps
pattern of lights would include one red
on one side and one green on the other.
The other sighting of an unusual
spacecraft occurred just last Friday at
about 6 a.m. in the Jordan Center area
between Argyle and Monroe. A 26-
year-old woman on her way to work in
Monroe reported having seen
something which sounds very much like
what Karmar described
The woman, who does not want her
named used here, says that about two
miles before Jordan Center on Hwy. 81
she saw some lights" almost straight
ahead of her in the still-dark sky. There
were three lights, all flashing." in a
horizontal pattern, white next to blue
next to red.
ẠAt first it was in the same spot
wasn't a plane." she recalls. "Then it
went straight up and then veered to the
right a little bit." She says she was able
to oherve the object through her car's
sun roof as she passed underneath it.
Then, when she reached the top of a
long hill at Jordan Center, she looked
hack and saw the craft one last time
The woman declined to judge the
height of the object but said&ỗẠ¿t seemed
pretty highạiIt was her first and only
UFO sighting, she adds
Finally, Karmar, who has received
"numerous calls
since the publicity
about his sighting began, says at least
one person claims to have seen
something similar to what he saw. The
caller, a farmer somewhere near Mount
Vernon, told Karmar he sawỗan objec
with numerous lights, but not red and
white." around the same time Karmar
saw his. The farmer told him it was a
large object. Karmar says.
