{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T13:09:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 127520, "source_ctime_ns": 1790264449878524958, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-11_Today-Pt-2-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790264449168344107, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-04-11_Today-Pt-2-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "2edbebc94db7bb70cd55736d19d555ea4e426fe2a256260754fd0849e4ee5de4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 786, "chars": 4595, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
by FLEUR BRENNAN
NE hot July night
last year, Neil
Gardner saw some-
thing "out of this
worldiạ in the sky over Bis-
ley rifle range, where he had
spent a day's shooting.
Struck by the vivid colours
streaking from the object, be
looked through his marksman's
telescope.
ẠạI saw a craft about four times
the size of a jumbo jet. It was
changing shape as I watched
from bell-shaped to
shaped and back again.- saucer
He stood spellbound for more
than an hour while smaller sau
cer-shaped craft constantly left
ship returned to the
"mother
Ạit was like watching a kaleido
wope with brilliant laser lights
of different coloursiẠạihe sald
A former crew member with
British Airways, Mr Gardner, 53,
is convinced they were not air-
craft.
Eventually the objects disap
peared into the clouds and Mr
Gardner and his companions,
who also saw them, went home.
PUZZLE
Mr Gardner, of Iver Heath,
Bucks, is one of a growing num-
ber of people who are fascinated
by Unidentifled Flying Objects.
They present a puzzle that seems
to defy solution unless life from
other planets really has, at last,
decided to visit Earth.
A survey by the Aetherious
Society - an international pres-
sure group which promotes and
researches the idea of inter-galac-
tic travel - has shown that 16
percent of people in Britain (but
only ten percent in London) be-
lieve they have seen UPOs.
Are they cranks and hallucina-
OR DID IT?)
SCIENCE FICTION: How they saw it in Close Encounters
tors, or do they know something
This week the Aetherious So-
that the rest of us don't?
ciety opened a hot-line and the
A call to the press office re
phone
never
stopped
ringing
vealed that the RAF does not
with reports of lights in the sky.
keep check on sightings unless
David Succamore saw unidenti-
they appear over military instal-
fled flying objects only this week
lations. Most sightings are ex-
over his home in Shrewsbury.
plained away as the red, green
"I went and got my next door
and white lights of aircraft or the
neighbour and we looked at them
searchlights - of - helicopters on
together for pearly an hour be-
practice landings, or by natural
tween 9pm and 10pmii
phenomena.
"They were extremely
Surely that must mean the
high in the sky, moving very
RAF is sceptical? "Oh no. I have
lowly with red, groen and white
seen one myselfiạẠạisald the duty
officer.
Nick Mockler, of Chiswick, saw
Although he did not want to be
the lights last year when he was
identifled, he described the mys-
driving to Wales along the A40 at
terious, round metallic object he
Shipton and stopped to take a
and fellow officers came across
rest. ¿Ạạ& was just about to fall
when flying in formation over
sleep, when I heard a noise like
Cyprus some years ago. "All 24
hundreds of jets and looked up to
of us saw it and it had to be a
see a strange
object with red
UFO because it was moving at a
lights and & yellow glowing base
speed no earthly craft could
above my
It was in the
achieveạẠạ
shape of a crossiạiNick was not
frightened, but just wished he could
go with them on a flight.
He is one of a growing numbor of
people who belleve in beings on
other planets. Seventy two per cent
of Britons think there is life else-
where in the universe
The survey also found that three
quarters of the population would
like more UFO information
The authorities are noticeably coy
about spilling the beans - in 1982
Lord Clancarty in the House of
Lords asked the Ministry of Defence
to give an explanation of 600 sight-
ings. He is still waiting for an an-
swer.
SIGHTING
The Aetherious Society in London
this month obtained from America
200 documents which show an at
tempt by the Federal Aviation Ad
ministration to cover up a sighting
of a UPO reported by Japanese Air
line Pilot Kenju Terauchi when he
was flying across Alaska last No
At first, the PAA confirmed radar
tracking of the UFO, but when they
later claimed it was an error, a
publie outery led to them releasing
all their documents. Copies clearly
show reports of UFO sightings on
the radar screens of air traffic con
trollers in Alaska.
Captain Terauchi and his crew
say they watched three UFOs flying
with them for more than 400 miles
above the Arctic, for 32 minutes.
The captain tried to photograph
them, but his camera would not
work. He said the objects moved
with amazing speed and abrupt
stops.ẠỌỗWe did not feel threatened by
the space ships.".
John Holder of the Aetherious
Society says the documents vindi
cate their campaign for more infor-
mation about UPOs
If you have seen lights in the sky.
call the netherious Society's hot-line
(01 731 1094) between 10am and 10pm
any day.
