{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T23:50:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 148931, "source_ctime_ns": 1790219680882510223, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-09-13_Sunday-Magazine-Pt-3-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790219680807514216, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1987-09-13_Sunday-Magazine-Pt-3-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "1d8131902bfe32f9c0cc14b2ca99fbdfa6cf1227a7ea674d2bb55a834cf84899"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 719, "chars": 4341, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
two-franc piece in his hand while his whole body
shook violently. When he opened his hand, the coin
was black and his palm blistered from the heat.
Under the strain of it all, and the ridicule that
her children had to suffer, Meier's wife attempted
suicide. But all the time, his stock of UFO pictures
was growing, until Meier had hundreds. And it is
these that have most baffled the scientists. Harold
Proch, a professional photographer, studied them
closely for signs of models or trick photography.
He explains, "For a montage to look real you need
a dark background. But almost all of Meier's photos
show the ships in a bright blue skyiẠạiDaylight UFO
pictures are very, very rare.
Proch sneaked into Meier's study and he went
through every box, drawer and shelf, searching for
models, sketches, experimental film - anything to
indicate a hoax. But he found nothing.
Wendelle Stevens, a former US Air Force Intell-
igence officer, who has spent over 30 years looking
into UFO reports, also made a careful study of
Meier's photographic sites.
Of one site, Stevens says, "There was no way
Meier could have rigged anything because there
are no trees around where the picture was taken,
no poles - and the ground falls away downhill.
We couldn't find anything that we could run wires
to. There was no way he could have run a string of
wires alone in any case - getting up and down
trees with one armạiạ
Using measuring techniques, Stevens and co-
investigators, Lee Elders and Tom Welch, worked
out that the spaceship seen in Meier's pictures
must have been around 21 feet in diameter - just
as he had claimed. "That's often a simple mistake
people make when they're hoaxingạWelch says.
"The ship they film just couldn't be the size they
say it is when compared with other known objects
Did this spaceship make these
landing tracks? Meier says it
did - who's proved it didn't?
in the photograph they've takeniại
Stevens and Elders took some of Meier's photo-
from the spaceship - Back to the States. And, artel
magnifying the pictures 10 times and scanning
them with sophisticated equipment, a specialist still
found nothing to indicate a hoax.
Top Hollywood special effects man, Wally Gent-
leman, says:ạẠạIf someone is faking those shots,
they have an expert there. This Meier had to have a
fleet of clever assistants, at least 15 people, who
would know all about angles, lighting and how to
support this object so that wires are not seen."
And, he adds, to produce similar faked photos in
a studio would cost E20,000 - and require equip-
ment costing another £30,000. Meier says he used
an old 35mm camera with a broken viewfinder and
jammed focus, that was easy to work with one
hand! Analysis of his metal samples was even
more exciting. For one small triangle of metal,
appearing to be an alloy of silver and gold, was
found to contain many elements bonded together
in a way Marcel Vogel, the scientist who examined
it, had never come across before.
Astounded, he admitted,iI couldn't put this
together myself as a scientist... with any technolo-
gy that 1 know of, we could not achieve this on this
planet." Another mystery with no explanation...
Then there is Meier's strange knowledge. In his
book recording his meetings with Semjase
and the other aliens, Meier says
they told him about their system of
space travel, which enables them to
travel vast distances through time at
millions of times the speed of light.
Says Welch: &ỗẠMeier wrote down
what he had been told about the
method of travel. We did learn later
that for some time NASA had been
working on it as a propulsion method.
ẠỊAlso in the notes were conversations about the
universe, healing methods and advanced medical
equipment that just did not make sense coming
from a man in the remote Swiss countrysideẠạ
However, some of the numerous UFO investig-
ation groups in the US still dismiss Eduard Meier as
a hoaxer. Though they can't prove how a man with
no money, no laboratory, no accomplices, a simple
camera and one arm has faked "by far the best
UFO pictures ever takenịằ
But many scientists now believe intelligent life
probably exists on other planets. Perhaps Eduard
Meier can contact that life. What do you think?
Adapted by Roy Stockdill from LIGHT YEARS by Gary
Kinder, to be published by Viking on September 17 at
£10.95. © Gary Kinder and Intercep, 1987
