{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T05:38:43Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 106939, "source_ctime_ns": 1790190372691063967, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1988-02-04_Northwest-Arkansas-Times-AR-Pt-2-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790190372680241877, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1988-02-04_Northwest-Arkansas-Times-AR-Pt-2-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "ab106d96acb6cbc6d81fe811361cb2dffb1db848a811f05bc92ba774e40acf4d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 651, "chars": 4031, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(continued from page 7 - NORTHWEST ARKANSAS TIMES,
Fayetteville, AR - Feb. 4, 1988)
no unusua
military activity in th
sion. All three saw the bright, oddly
egion. While mid-flight refuelln
behaving light which shows up on
operations over the sighting area
Williamson's film as a zig-zagging
have been common for years, those
streak of light
ch,000 feet and place at altitudes of
On the phone Wednesday.
ar-
,000 feet and up, according to the
rangements were made for William
Air Force. Foreman residents have
son to meet the following day with a
grown up viewing such night-sky
Times reporter who would travel to
maneuverings, They know what a
the Foreman/Ashdown area in the
•fuelin
ay, and that isn't what they are the
company of a Fayetteville man,
Charles Huffer, a Mutual UFO Net-
he Air Force also saidraveling
work member who was fascinated
by reports he had read of the
from the military would be traveling
sightings, Huffer, 47, is a math
to Foreman to look into the matter.
teacher who taught in West Berlin
Project Blue Book, the official Air
the last 19 years before returning
no America, off tially closed it ele
recently to Fayetteville. He is a
I America, c
mathematica graduate of the Uni
in 1969. The Air Force is no longer in
versity of Arkansas, Huffer has stud
the UFO busines
i, at least publicly
led unexplained aerial phonomena
Legular air traffic
for more than a dozen years now. a
Other regular air traffic over the
member of Mensa, Huffer expresse
interest in making the trip to
Foreman, noting the episodes there
showed every sign of ranking among
the most noteworthy in Arkansas
history because of their duration and
the number of people involved
Williamson told
Biamsh tin the Wines chat
cories coming out of Lattle Roc
concerning
Venus and moonli
snowgeese deeply hurt the feelings
if people who were seeing thing
that could not be accounted for b
such simpleminded explanations. He
referred to Bob Taaffe, a Foreman
man who has logged 1,800 hours in
larly to and from rural car wrecks
other medical emergencies in
the Foreman area.
There are also
commercial airline flight pattern
pproaching the Texarkana airport
over Foreman. Area natives
ecognize these nocturnal lights for
what
they are.
They aren't what
ople are seeing either, they say.
To the south of Foreman is th
Red River Army Depot. Most of th
activity at the military bas
evolves around the restoration of
rmy tanks. A publie affairs official
it the depot told
d the Times there is a
liport on the grounds,
but that
Rht lights are extremely rare. The
(ficial
knew of no night exercises
which
might
involve the use of
flares.
In a long-distance phone call later
on Wednesday, Jan. 27, Williamson
said the episodes, which had become
almost
'snowballingi
Mine. He said a South
said a
South
western Electrie Power Company
rural electrie substation seemed to
be ta pivot point" for the sightings
The substation is located along th
Anderson lateral, a dirt road runn-
ing through the Red River bottoms
The bottoms, like most of Little
River County, are flat with tall pines
growing almost anywhere not
cleared for houses or crops. Farm-
ers in the bottoms grew cotton be-
fore switching recently to wheat and
beans.
*oIn the midst of these flat fields,
according to Williamson, cars were
lining up each night along the dir
roads leading to the substation. Peo-
ple were walting and watching
Williamson said the substation had
turned into a "cheap date." The
view from the substation allows for a
nearly 360-degree view.
Saw bright light
Williamson also mentioned an
amateur astronomer in Texarkana
who had studied the phenomena
since the sightings began. William
on said the astronomer was pe
lonally convinced that somethin
extremely rare was happening in
Foreman. The astronomer added,
according to Williamson, that the
lights and objects being seen over
Foreman were very possibly
ạnothing in our solar system
ing 90 degree turns) while in the
company of an emergency medical
technician and an employee of the
Arkansas Game and Fish Commis
