{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-28T15:24:06Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 171376, "source_ctime_ns": 1790155876651578686, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1988-06-00_Hampshire-Magazine-Pt-1-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790155876640446791, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1988-06-00_Hampshire-Magazine-Pt-1-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "3d185b192b05190e67f61a69b3a408840b156bcc2a7f2f9e66e1a809548c4441"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 682, "chars": 4317, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARTICLE BY BOB PRICE FROM HAMPS
MAGAZINE JUNE 1988
PARI
Geoff McWilliams points to the
where the
Can host opened. Mashes
UFOs over Hampshire
by BOB PRICE
N the early hours of a cold, Januar
morning this year, a large, triangula
shaped U.F.O. was reported over the
Millbrook area of Southampton. It wasn't
the first unearthly craft to be seen in the
skies of Hampshire - and it wasn't to be
the last!
Two days later, three teenagers got the
shock of their lives in another part of the
City. Fourteen year old Geoff Me Williams,
with friends Matthew Cadden and Simon
Cade, were enjoying a quiet chat at
Riverside Park when a strange sphere of
light shot across the football pitch in front
of them.
"It was about the size of a football,"
recalled Geoff,
"manoeuvring in a
triangular pattern about 30ft in the air."
The object suddenly veered towards the
bench they were sitting on, forcing the three
youngsters to run for their lives.
Youthful fantasy? Practical joke? Geoff's
Mum and Dad think not. "They were white
as sheets when they eame inạẠạhis Mum
remembered.
Shrug it off if you will, but on the same
day, a lady in Milton Keynes reported a
sphere of light shooting past her bedroom
window at rooftop height. It was the size
of a football and heading south-west -
towards Southampton perhaps!
These two recent encounters served to
fuel specalation that another wave' of
sightings, such as Hampshire experienced
in the early to mid-seventies, was about
to begin. Then, as now, it started off quietly
enough, with one or twilights in the sky"
reports, but moved rapidly on to a startling
encounter that still causes controversy in
U.F.O. circle whenever it's mentioned.
•
A Winchester woman, driving home
with a friend, found herself confronted by
a large, cigar shaped U.F.O. Her car was
brought to a halt by what they both
described as, ỗẠa cushioned, invisible
barrieriẠạẠi
A humanoid figure descended from the
U.F.O. and approached the frightened
couple who quickly locked all the car
doors. After walking around, peering
through the windows, the figure, and
U.F.O. mysteriously disappeared.
A week later, an exact re-enactment took
place at the same spot, in Chilcomb Lane,
but this time, complete with car, they found
themselves inside the U.F.O. One of the
crew attempted to communicate in broken
English, urging them not to be alarmed.
Shortly after, they lost consciousness,
waking to find themselves parked near a
river on the far side of Winchester, miles
from Chilcomb Lane!
This case became known as the
Winchester Mystery',
and,
not
surprisingly, became the butt of 'Littl
Green Men' jibes. There was, however, a
remarkable sequel to this episode.
Almost a year later, while driving a
female companion to visit relatives, the
same lady received another visitation from
these strange visitors. Again, her car was
brought to a stop, and while both women
were checking the engine, they noticed a
large oval object on the ground nearby.
In a now, all-too-familiar pattern, a
silver suited figure approached them and
spoke in the same fragmented English as
before, but again had difficulty making
himself understood. Before returning to the
U.F.O. he said something similar to,iẠạYou
are now one of us."
Not all U.F.O. sightings remain
unidentified and it's worth relating one
classic sighting that proved to be only too
solid. Let's look at the way it was reported
initially.
A Police patrol car, returning through
the New Forest late one night, suddenly
lost all power as its astonished crew
watched a huge glowing U.F.O. streak low
over Picket Plain and land silently in the
depths of the landscape. Over eighty 999
calls were made to Hampshire Police,
making this one of the best multiple
witness sightings of all.
For days after, it was acclaimed as a
genuine U.F.O. experience, but all was
revealed on a local T.V. show when an
eminent astronomer showed how they'd
tracked this U.F.O. half across the world
It was part of a huge meteorite that failed
to burn out in the earth's atmosphere!
But what of the police car's engine
failture - a well known symptom of close
U.F.O. contact? P.C. John Forder reveals
all.
ạIt stopped all right, but only because
I was so stunned at what was seeing,
that I stalled the engine." So what about
its silent descent into the forest? Wrong
Ham
pahire, June 1988
41
