{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T15:59:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 139987, "source_ctime_ns": 1790385479300882915, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1988-04-13_Irish-Times_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790385479296533648, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1988-04-13_Irish-Times_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "b4fad7bb1dfe886c82b884cddcccdcc2e40873ba1b35733ddf4af7e9badd1234"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 666, "chars": 4070, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
rish Tunes, Dublin.
13 APR 198₴šŘŚŘ
Mystery blow-ins of Gulf Breeze
WALTER Andrus, who spends his
The excitement has taken
time co-ordinating UFO sightings, is
MUFON investigators to Gulf Breeze
• about the thience of ur doubt
radio prudagation, sectorict andy,
The dises vanished after 20
Basically, he said, MUFON would
collating information on the case of
for stakeouts with walkie talkies and
It is that MUFON, which with
other fields. Those who fail cannot
minutes, but the experience
like to answer four questions:
profoundly affected Andrus. "1 was
a Florida man who claims to have
cameras. So far, they have turned
chased aliens across his backyard.
up nothing.
largest group of prople nue ting
First, do UFOs exist? In his mind,
be MUFON investigators.
just intriguedại he says. He has
When an investigator arrives at
with 60,000 reported sightings,
pursued UFOs ever since because
here's no doubt. "What we don't
Andrus (67) is international
On the other hand, they've not
unidentified flying objects in the
the scene of a sighting, he comes
he considers themiẠạthe most
director of the Mutual UFO Network
been able to disprove what they
world, prides itself on its
(MUFON). His task is to determine
consider convincing evidence.
professionalism and thoroughness.
in UPON Winees are fiked to fal
now is what they are for sure. We
important scientific item going
now they're not made on the
todaằ__
planet Earth; that's for sure*.
if the encounters are legitimate, or
Mr Ed says he has seen a circular
Encounter
out 15 lengthy forms with such
just another hoax. So far, he says,
UFO with portholes and a large light
categories as
In 1969, Andrus and other UFO
nothing in the Florida case has
pointed to a hoax.
picture, according to Andra, tangl
Having uncovered more than a
*landing/traces/artifacts"*, "animal
enthusiasts formed the Midwest
few hoaxes, the group has learned
effectsỊẠ
*entity cases", and
UFO Network. The name was
ẠiThis is one of the most smazing
one flying across a country road.
cases I've ever seen", said Andrus,
A secretary at Gulf Breeze city
that just because somebody says
residual radiation
changed as the group grew and the
they have seen a UFO doesn't mea
headquarters moved with Andrus
who works out of an office next to
hall said other people in the smal
it's so
his home in Seguin, Texas
town had now reported their own
"We went facts", Andrus said.
hobby here. Some pin has to take it when his work transferred to
seriouslyẠại said Antrus.
The Florida man, known as Mr Ed
otherworldly encounters.
(only the editor of a local paper
Enthusiasm
Too many ung sighting have been
One reason Andrus regards UFOs
He retired from his job as a plant
so earnestly is that he believes he
production manager in 1983 and has
knows his full name), says he has
None of the local police,
produced by fertile imaginations
has had his own encounter with
since devoted all his time to
or backyard in Gul Bese several however, at eh ny hing
belavancy model spaceships, he
visitors from another world.
MUFON. His wife, Jeanne, does
times since November. Despite
ạor if they have,
MUFON, give a lengthy test to its
Convention
not share his passion but son
qual telepathic warnings (English
haven't told me about it"
Donald, now a lawyer, does some
of MUFON's legal work
and Spanish) that "photographs are
Captain Ken Hicks said.
hibitedằ_he says he took a
Andrus's enthusiasm for the case
Every year, the organisation holds
ber of pictures and even a
is clear, but he stops short of
declaring it a positive sighting.
aerospace engineers and former Air
Force officers
an international convention to
Second, how are they powered?
"Engineers at some aerospace firs
would like to know how they can
hover, maoeuvre and fly at such
tremendous speedsạ Andrus says.
Third, where are they from? From
another planet? Another universe?
This the nost exching question no
Andrus
- Армене : Andus mas Кол
rentlyi Andrus said,
and technology. We want a fluoy
them. So far, they're just studying
dull grey discs hovering in the sky.
discuss the latest in UFO news.
