{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-28T15:48:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 182427, "source_ctime_ns": 1790193332760374661, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1988-01-03_Richmond-Times-Dispatch-VA-Pt-1-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790193332150657641, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1988-01-03_Richmond-Times-Dispatch-VA-Pt-1-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "9884bc418b20a66bb32beb8f4253ffa4c4174bc6ff2d0112da3f85d56920fb3a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1163, "chars": 6747, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TIMBS-DISPATCH, Richmond, VA - Jan. 3, 1988
UFO 'flap' still unexplained
By Mark Holmberg
Times-Dispatch staff writer
'Go, UFOsiạibollered an excited young woman
The orange orb bounced up and down briskly befor
she Way her the Contenty Center bastial courtet of
Two points.
It was too little too late for the Wytheville UPDS, wh
rere trounced at the hands of the Communtity Hospital
team during the senior's league game.
iWe invaded earth a long time ago, but we still haven't
learned the game of basketball yetiẠạisald R.C. Scott,
sweating on the sidelines after the game. "Gravity's dif
ferent down hereạẠạ
Team members joked that the team name stands for
Unidentified Pat Objectaạbut they admitted that they
like the rest of the Wythe County community, were fasci
nated by the more than 2,000 UFOs that were spotted in
the crisp skys back in the fall.
"We saw it back in September, two weeks before every-
body else started seeing ItiẠạsaid team inember Johnny
Turner, nodding to his son ChrisạThere was a yow of red
lights and a row of green lights, shaped kind of like the
back of a car - it was flying as low as a tall tree. We just
passed it offạ
Chris, a National Junior Honor Society member, sald
they've been wondering what it wasạiAlter seeing that.
It's hard to keep from looking up nowiẠỊ
The sightings began in earnest in October.
No one was im
ers, secretaries, housewives
even a police ch
lef and a state po
lice disp
satcher admitted
seeing obj
bed as "a dy
Ing school bus"
(one of the more po
hing bounc-
ing on a stringại
*a large sp
here with red sp
seres on each
de-down ice cream cone" and ta humongous
mother shipẠạ
The strange craft silently hovered or drifted just over
the treetops of some of the most beautiful countryside
anywhere: Piney, Speedwell, Cripple Creek, Big Walker
untain. Elk Creek, Rural Retreat
Were the vehleles secret military aireraft or aliens
from outer space? That was the big question. Very few
believed that so many of their solld, good-hearted neigh-
bors could be going crazy.
Ạ¿&m very
proud of our con
nity; they're approaching this thing
very sensibly. But they're concerned
If there are secret things going on,
they deserve to know about itẠi
Although he sald his wife has seen
the objects, he's not ready to push the
panie button:
"Nobody
has been
zapped, there's been no damage and
nobody's gotten hystericalỊ
Besides, added Stark, town mayor
for 26 years,ạit helps the restaurant
and hotel business. We're glad to wel-
come all those Interested in UFOs."
The UFOs have been a boon for
Dick Phillipi, co-owner of the Texaco
Travel Store and the Comfort Inn on
Interstate 81 In Wytheville.
" We put up a sighạUFOs, Come On
Downl
said Pi
pi, laughing, But
he's had no response to his
advertised
offer of¿ẠạFree fa-ups for any UFO
craft and free rooms at the motel for
aliensạẠạỊ
In the local paper, one of his ads
read: "One of the reasons you can't
hear those UFOs is they're running on
Texaco gasiỊạ
Phillipi also had T-shirts and caps
made with a UFO emblasoned on
them, along with the words:ạWythe
County - The UFO Cap
(tal of Virgin-
laạHe's sold about 800 shirts.
Phillipi reported that some people
driving vehicles bearing the NASA
logo stayed at his hotel forẠạifour or
five days. They were also seen In
town. Who knows what's going on out
there?"
Anyone driving through the cozy
town nestled in the early alopes of the
Appalachian m
tains would see at
least one *unidentifed flying object."
That would be the large green one
perched atop the marquee of the Mill-
wald Theater In the heart of Wythe-
ille, right down the hill from the
glant pencil that leans out over the
street in front of an office supply
store.
George Jordan, who works for the
theater, made the craft out of styro-
foam for a special showing
of Was Of
The Worldạiscreened in honor of the
sightings.
"Boy, we really had a big weekend
with that - we're not golng to take it
down."
Jordan, like most of the poople in-
terviewed In Wythe County, proved to
be warm and friendly, willing to
spend a few moments visiting with a
stranger. As soon as UPOs were men-
tioned, his face, like those of his
neighbors, brightened with an indul-
gent smile.
But not James E. Moore's face.
"All this UFO stuff is a buncha
dawn hollyges growled the man
known arou
Wytheville as Coal-
dust. A well-known local character,
he wanders around town searching
for alu
um cans and wire.
something's a-wrong with their
brain.®
Famous locally for his songs abou
a Nashville bus and the local Jail
Coaldust sald his greatest desire is to
sing and play on "Hee-Haw," Current-
ly, he's working on a song about
UFOs.
ẠỊIf you get something.
this town, 1fl1 get spread al
they'Il make a bunch a da
out of It," Coaldust sald, warming to
the tople. "They're just trying to fool
people. It's a buncha damn
Danny Gordon, news and sports di-
rector for WYVE-AM, thinks the UFO
sightings
"hootenanny are anything but
•Through hustle and determination
Gordon became the central figure in
the Wythe "flap" (as a rash of UFO
sightings is called), encouraging his
listeners to come forward,
taking
calls, correlating information and re-
playing what he felt were the most
reliable aightings on the air.
ẠI refuse to stop until it (UFOs]
stops or we find out what it isi Gor-
don said. As of last week, the calls
while down to a trickle - were still
coming In.
Gordon, like many In the communl-
ty, wasn't relleved by the wire service
story announcing that the alleged
the area during the aightings. The
area is frequently used for such oper-
atlons and other military manuevers,
sald Gordon, and those living in the
area are used to them.
*We don't have the technology to do
what these craft have done,
sald
Gordon. He sald the craft have been
seen hovering at altitudes of 300 feet:
several times the skyline of the moun-
tains was seen above the craft.
Thats a
nuch lower than the cell-
Ing for the refueling operationsiạẠạisald
Gordon, who has seen the UFOs on a
number of oceasions. He added,ạẠạt
kind of scoffed at it until I saw It.
Once you see It, it changes your per-
ception. It blows your mind to watch
UNBELIEVER - "They been up to the
moon they claim. They'd-a seen some
thing. Ain't nothing out in space but rocks
" says James E. Coaldust" Moore.
Photos by Randy Lily
BELIEVER - Radio newsman Danny
Gordon is convinced of UFO's validity.
"Once you've seen it, it changes your
perceptioniẠi
He described the UFO asẠạa big
craft with a lot of smaller craft at-
tached to it. People are seeing it from
different angles - that's why we'r
getting different descriptions.
He sald he's called the Pentagon,
NORAD, Langley Air Force Base,
any place that could be sending air-
craft over the areaiạI want to be able
to tell my listeners what it is."
