{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-28T02:08:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 156221, "source_ctime_ns": 1790240713229711923, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1988-07-15_Chat_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790240713222600952, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1988-07-15_Chat_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "e6173bb63b9904460ee214b361d82574efa0eac1a0da61c23af9a1f7b146b04d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 751, "chars": 4590, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CHAT
(LONDON)
15 JULY 1989
IS E.T.
FOR REAL?
This week world experts gather in London to find out...
leitors from outer space
Even hard-o-convince experts can't
circle where the crops had been flat-
are the stuff science fiction
find simple explanations for some of
loned. The "landing site' was still there
is made of. But, every year,
hese sprangs, Jenny Randies, Britain
when a UFO expert visited two weeks
hundreds of people in Britain
only full-time UFOlogist, says that, out o
later.
report sightings of UFFO
the 885 sightings last year, 848 were not
•A group of joumalists and trave
unidentified flying objects - and not all of
reaty UFOs
agents were puzzied by the bizarre
these mystery apparitions can be ex-
For instance, in Lancashire, ter
apparition they encountered this year. As
plained away
ambulancemen and three poice officen
they looked out of the plane window ove
This weokand, 200 experts from al
noticed a dazzing light in the sky and
Sardinia, they noticed multicoloured
ver the wond are gathering in Londor
wore convinced it was a UFO, it tured
bright lights flash past. The strange lights
or the Intemational UFO Congress - th
our to be caused by a rapid change in
vanished and suddenly reeppeared in a
most serious worcinde bid so tar to
lomperature. They were grateru wher
blaze of colour. Some beseve it could
explain the inexplicable
we explained what had caused it,' Jenn
have been the Norther Lights - but they
Sighings range from bright lights in
the sky to the traditonal attle green men
sour what about the ones that Jeremy
are never seen so far south. The truth is
no one really knows what caused it
who stop out of flying saucers and invite
and other experts can't find any explana
LAN THOMAS
astonished Earthings aboard for tee and
lion for? There are 37 from last yee:
cakes. Some sound like a joke but, for
anich, sher al our invesapations, are
the people involved, the experience is no
UFOs - unidentified fiving objects.
saugning mater
So, If the thought of flying saucers sets
Dynasty's Fallon may not have been
your head spinning, you are not alone
the only person to be lured into an alien
'Anyone would be foolish to demiss It,"
spaceship on a deserted road, Many
Jenny says
Americans have come forward and
daimed rea-ide close encounters.
MYSTERIES OF SPACE
American Whitey Streiber wrote a few
he tolowing bate occurrences a
years back about how he found himself
et the tip of a vast, unexplored an
inside a strange spaceship: "To al
acientists are stif trying to understand -
appearances, I have had an elaborate
the mysteries of space, is there anyone
personal encounter with intelligent non-
out there who knows the anewers
numan beings. But who could they be
• Did this yoer's American space shuttle
and where have they come from? The
Discovery diacover more
than it in
is the question which is puzzling the
lended? Experts believe the space shut
experts in London and they? be studying
le fight in March may have had ar
many more strange slories of visitors
unexpected encounter.
According 1c
from space
American radio hams, the pilot was
BIZARRE QO
SOS-ON
werd to sa
y to NASA ground control
Houston, this is Discovery. We still hav
Some of the UFOe could, in reality, be
the alion spacecraft under observation."
op-secret military aircraft and salelites
but officials wit always deny they exist
Others are a figment of vivid imagina-
tions. And some are due to frook
er conditions
Last yeer, 885 cases were reported to
the British Unidentied Flying
Object
Research Association, which worke
dosely with police and air-traftic control
also Investigates UFOs, reporied 400
cases lest year - 250 more than the yeer
before.
les controle. NASA won't admit anything
strange happened - they always deny
UFO reports
• When East Anglian achoolboy Peter
Topham looked out of his bedroom
window one night he coulon? believe
what he saw. He awears the fashing red
sen and purpie lights in the neer
id came from a trying saucer. The ne
day he went to look at the place where
he'd seen it land and found a 1008-wide
5
FANTASTIC
ALIEN
FACTS...
1. Therapy sessions are given
to Americans who claim
they
have met alons
2. Surveys show that 1 in 5 Br
ons and 3 in 5 Americans believe
in trying saucers
A Te 19400 Near Mount Fanter
in Washington State
USA, by
Kenneth Arnold. But, long befor
that, cave collers left drawing
of strange objects visiting Earth.
4. People who claim to have en-
countered beings from other
planets say they speak in croaky,
garbied voices
5. Space visitors, It's claimed,
young: We dont want to ham
often reassure Earthlings by
