{"created_utc": "2026-09-19T16:33:39Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 512399, "source_ctime_ns": 1788575188403264292, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1989-00-00_Journal-of-American-Folklore---UFO-Abduction-Reports---Bullard.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788575188389072713, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1989-00-00_Journal-of-American-Folklore---UFO-Abduction-Reports---Bullard.pdf", "source_sha256": "ef614739cf46b995e179861471fabde370767e9cd5f45c81235f4ef9bf63cdc0"}

UFO Abduction Reports: The Supernatural Kidnap Narrative Returns in Technological Guise
Author(s): Thomas E. Bullard
Source: The Journal of American Folklore, Vol. 102, No. 404, (Apr. - Jun., 1989), pp. 147-170
Published by: University of Illinois Press on behalf of American Folklore Society
Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/540677
Accessed: 01/08/2008 13:27


Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of JSTOR's Terms and Conditions of Use, available at
http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp. JSTOR's Terms and Conditions of Use provides, in part, that unless
you have obtained prior permission, you may not download an entire issue of a journal or multiple copies of articles, and you
may use content in the JSTOR archive only for your personal, non-commercial use.


Please contact the publisher regarding any further use of this work. Publisher contact information may be obtained at
http://www.jstor.org/action/showPublisher?publisherCode=illinois.


Each copy of any part of a JSTOR transmission must contain the same copyright notice that appears on the screen or printed
page of such transmission.


JSTOR is a not-for-profit organization founded in 1995 to build trusted digital archives for scholarship. We work with the
scholarly community to preserve their work and the materials they rely upon, and to build a common research platform that
promotes the discovery and use of these resources. For more information about JSTOR, please contact support@jstor.org.


                                                                                             http://www.jstor.org
                                                  THOMAS                E. BULLARD


UFO Abduction Reports
The SupernaturalKidnapNarrativeReturnsin
TechnologicalGuise


   First-personreportsof abductionsby UFO occupantshave grown in number
   during the past few years, and constitutean unusually well-structuredlegend
   type. These accountsshare many motifs with legendsof supernaturalencounters
   and otherworldlyjourneys, but reconcilethefantastic elementswith a supposedly
   alien technologyto settle comfortablyamong the rest of UFO lore. Abductions
   updatethe contentof supernaturalkidnap traditionsand assumetheirfunction.


"BEEN ABDUCTED       BY A UFO      LATELY?(If not, try a new deodorant!)."        A skep-
tic hands out cards bearing this jibe during the Mutual UFO Network Sym-
posium in Washington, D.C., inJune 1987. Few recipients share this negative
view and they take the jest unkindly. Most of them have come to hear a panel
of four women and four men who claim they were kidnapped by aliens, and
two authors, Budd Hopkins and Whitley Strieber, whose books published a
few months earlier have raised the subject of UFO abductions to national
prominence. Unidentified flying objects have darted in and out of public in-
terest for 40 years. Folklorists also have begun to pay attention to the thriving
complex of beliefs and narratives surrounding these mysteries, noting that
they supplant traditional concepts about anomalous lights (Hufford
1977a:240), figure in a growing body of memorates (Lowe 1979), compare
with many folklore motifs (Sanarov 1981), and as the convention shows, in-
spire a fervent controversy characteristic of legends (Degh 1977:243-244).
   Of still greater interest to the folklorist is the increasing bizarreness of these
reports. UFOs are at once the quintessential stuff of modern legends and a
paradox within them. Judging from Jan Harold Brunvand's collections of ur-
ban legends (1981, 1984, 1986), the most popular examples today draw their
horror or humor from plausible, naturalistic ingredients like hook-armed
madmen or stray cuts of rodent in food. Today even paranormal manifesta-
tions are subject to scientific investigation in the parapsychology laboratory.
Legends have been secularized as belief in traditional forms of the supernatural
has dwindled or adapted to a rationalistic environment. UFOs seem ideally
suited to the present climate of opinion, since they present a safely mechanical
                Thomas E. Bullard, 517 E. University St., Bloomington, IN 47401
148                          Journal ofAmerican Folklore                 (102, 1989


appearance and gain popular if little official credibility from current scientific
speculations about life on other worlds.
    Yet against this secularizing current as well as all expectations, these most
technological of all legend subjects more and more often appear in narratives
alongside fantastic, very nearly supernatural elements. UFOs defy physical
laws by making right-angle turns at high speed or disappearing in mid-flight.
Short beings reminiscent of fairies appear from inside the craft. Men in Black
haunt witnesses and share significant properties of traditional devils (Rojce-
wicz 1987). A recent development in UFO lore and one of its fastest growing
branches has been the abduction story, a first-person account of capture by
alien beings. Abductees are people from all walks of life going about everyday
activities when a sudden and unwanted encounter with the unknown occurs.
Not only do these reports surpass many folk narratives in circulation today for
length and elaborateness, but the contents include a richness of fantastic ele-
ments seldom found outside the magical and religious lore of preindustrial
times. Abduction accounts converge on supernatural encounter narratives un-
til the two appear inseparable in content and function.
   This article derives from a comparative study carried out for the Fund for
UFO Research, and is based on some 300 abduction and abduction-like reports
(Bullard 1987). Some of them come from sincere and honest informants, oth-
ers are hoaxes or fantasies. What matters here is not the ultimate nature of the
reports but their status as narratives, their form, content, and relationship to
comparable accounts of supernatural encounter.

            The Emergenceof Abductionsinto PublicAwareness
   The "first" and still most familiar abduction story came to light almost
twenty years after the modern era of flying saucer reports began in 1947. On
the night of September 19, 1961, when Barney and Betty Hill drove home
from a vacation trip through the White Mountains of New Hampshire, a dis-
tant flying light seemed to pace the car. This light neared until it loomed over-
head as a huge, lighted disk-shaped craft. A series of beeps sounded and the
craft vanished from sight. When the witnesses reached home they noticed that
the time was some two hours later than they expected. A spate of nightmares
and anxiety-related health problems led the witnesses to seek medical and
eventually psychiatric help. Dr. Benjamin Simon, a Boston psychiatrist, car-
ried out hypnotic regression therapy on the Hills and had them relive the lost
two hours associated with the UFO sighting. A remarkable story emerged of
the witnesses encountering a roadblock manned by short beings with large
heads and eyes, small ears and mouths, and hairless ashen-colored skin. These
beings controlled the witnesses by apparently hypnotic means and escorted
them into a landed saucer-shaped craft. A sometimes gruesome medical ex-
amination followed, then the leader conversed for a while with Betty Hill by
means of telepathy before releasing the witnesses to continue their drive. All
Bullard)                       UFO AbductionReports                           149


memory of the past two hours of the experience faded at the sound of the beeps
until the nightmares and hypnosis restored full recollection. With the Hills'
permission, Dr. Simon allowed SaturdayReview columnist John G. Fuller ac-
cess to his files, and Fuller wrote a comprehensive account of this case, pub-
lished in 1966 as The InterruptedJourney.In October of that year Look magazine
published extracts from the book, and further public exposure resulted from
a TV dramatization aired on NBC in October 1975.
   The Hill case was not unique even from the start. In the fall of 1957 a Bra-
zilian farmer, Antonio Villas Boas, had reported that a UFO landed on his
farm and its crewmembers dragged him aboard. UFO investigators sup-
pressed this story prior to the Hill revelations because it contained the sensa-
tionalistic claim that Villas Boas was coerced into sexual relations with an alien
woman.
   Two nationally publicized cases called further attention to abductions in the
1970s. During an extensive wave of UFO reports in October 1973, Charles
Hickson and Calvin Parker, two workmen from Pascagoula, Mississippi, re-
ported that a disk-shaped UFO landed near the spot where they were fishing
and they floated inside the craft in the company of three mummylike beings.
Parker passed out in terror but Hickson hung suspended in mid-air while an
eyelike device scanned his body before the beings released the men some
twenty minutes later. Then on November 5, 1975, six members of an Arizona
logging crew watched a beam of light from a hovering disk-shaped craft strike
a seventh man, Travis Walton. No trace of Walton could be found after the
UFO disappeared. For five days searchers turned up no clues, then Walton
telephoned his brother and related what he recalled of his five-day absence.
After the beam struck him unconscious, he awakened inside a rounded room
and found himself surrounded by humanoid beings such as the Hills described.
Later several almost-human beings escorted him through a vast hangarlike
room containing a number of the disk-shaped craft. He next found himself
lying beside an Arizona highway while the UFO ascended above him.
   As publicity for abduction cases increased, people stepped forward with ac-
counts of their own similar experiences or symptoms of such experiences. One
witness was Massachusetts housewife Betty Andreasson, who saw a luminous
object land in her yard and large-eyed humanoids approach her house. An ex-
tensive investigation of her case, again by means of hypnosis, revealed that this
consciously remembered incident was but one of a series of encounters ex-
tending back to childhood. A California woman who came forward with her
memories of a peculiar experience soon proved a link in a chain of four other
women, all with their own abduction stories to tell. Budd Hopkins, a New
York artist, teamed with several psychologists to investigate a number of ab-
duction cases, the most spectacular being the repeated encounters of a young
Indianapolis woman. She reported that aliens impregnated her, then in a fol-
lowup abduction they removed the fetus. Later she was allowed to see the off-
spring, a hybrid alien and human girl. Perhaps the biggest publicity boost for
150                          Journal of AmericanFolklore                 (102,1989


abductions came in 1987 with the publication of Whitley Strieber's best-selling
Communion, an account of the personal abduction experiences of this popular
author best known for his horror fiction.
   UFO researchers have received a minimum of 600 abduction reports over
the years, but a questionnaire published in the December 1987 issue of OMNI
magazine has drawn some 1200 responses from prospective abductees. Ab-
duction reports are primarily North American, but South America has pro-
duced a substantial number, with smaller counts from England and Australia.
Continental Europe has provided only a few, though three cases have origi-
nated in the Soviet Union. No reports are known from Asia or black Africa.
A single witness participates in most abductions, but in 73 out of 300 cases,
from two up to seven individuals were taken at the same time. The reports
come from males and females alike, and the experience seems independent of
income, occupation, or level of education. Psychological tests reveal no overt
mental illness of any standard sort (Fund for UFO Research 1985). People of
all ages report abductions, but by far the most abductees are less than 35 years
old at the alleged time of the first encounter.
   Some witnesses are fully conscious of their abduction experience and able
to relate it in detail (e.g., Villas Boas, Hickson, Walton). Others suffer a tem-
porary amnesia and then recall the experience through dreams (Betty Hill) or
a spontaneous return of memory (Sgt. Moody; see Lorenzen and Lorenzen
1977:38-51). A greater number of abductees tell their full story only under
hypnosis, an uncommon way to obtain a narrative but the usual technique for
exploring these cases. The witness may have extensive conscious memory and
submit to hypnosis only to clarify details (Strieber), or partial memory of a
strange experience may lead to a much-enlarged story under hypnosis (An-
dreasson), or it may reveal a full-blown abduction underlying nothing more
apparent than vague anxieties (Barney Hill).

               The Folkloric Character of Abduction Reports

   Two folk groups with distinctive concerns, aims, and attitudes toward ab-
ductions take an interest in this phenomenon, and the result is two different
abduction folklores. The most homogeneous group in terms of attitude to-
ward abductions is the ufologists and their alter egos, the skeptics. For ufol-
ogists the attitude is one of absolute belief in an extraterrestrial encounter, for
skeptics absolute disbelief in any sort of real experience. These individuals usu-
ally judge the abduction phenomenon according to their prior convictions
about UFOs in general, so belief determines interpretation.
   The abductees themselves respond with less certainty. Most of them trust
in the reality of their experience, sometimes with considerable emotion and at
other times with the quiet earnestness of Barney Hill, who defended his ab-
duction with the following words when his psychiatrist attempted to explain
it as a fantasy:
Bullard)                             UFO AbductionReports                                      151


Then if this person kept insisting that I didn't [have this experience], in the face of my knowing
that I did, I would have to terminate the conversation and leave it at that. I'd reach the point
where I'd say to myself, "I cannot convince this person, and he cannot convince me. There's no
issue. I can drop it." [Fuller 1966:320]


Beyond this basic faith that something real and strange happened to them, a
great deal of puzzlement often besets the abductees. They only occasionally
share the ufologists' certitude about the nature of the experience and may be
reticent to settle on any explanation. The bizarreness of the experience may
leave abductees in such a quandary that they will affirm that the encounter
happened to them, then deny that they believe it in the same breath (Fuller
1966:328). Abductees illustrate David J. Hufford's principle that beliefs and
traditional ideas may follow from experience, rather than precede or deter-
mine it (1977b:14-15).
   Both groups offer a clearer and more colorful expression of belief when they
attempt to explain the abduction experience. Skeptics have attacked abduction
stories as hypnotically induced fantasies and accounted for conscious reports
as hoaxes or fantasies derived from familiarity with published accounts and
science fiction (Baker 1988; Fuller 1966; Klass 1988; Lawson 1980). One theor-
ist traces the content of the stories to birth trauma and perinatal memories
(Lawson 1982), another favors waking dreams or false awakenings (Baster-
field 1981), yet another resorts to the archetypes of psychologist C. G. Jung
(Clark and Coleman 1975:178-192), while a fourth rationalizes the experience
as subjective effects of electromagnetic radiation from tectonic stress in rocks
(Devereux 1982:70-72). Protestant fundamentalists predictably interpret ab-
ductions as the work of demons (Wilson and Weldon 1978). For New Age
advocates and holistic psychologists, abductions mark a change from limited
rationalistic modes of thinking to a higher consciousness, an initiation of ab-
ductees into richer ways of thinking and living (Thompson 1988).
   Most UFO researchers and believers see abductions as part of a scientific
survey of Earth carried out by extraterrestrials (Fowler 1979:189-190), though
the community divides over whether they simply exploit us, perhaps for ge-
netic materials (Hopkins 1981:218-222), or use secretive contacts as a first step
toward introducing the people of Earth to cosmic citizenship (Sprinkle 1980).
A few thinkers reject the physical aliens and opt for some sort of unseen intel-
ligence, perhaps nonphysical coinhabitants of the Earth or a mindlike some-
thing of cosmic proportions, which now and then intrudes into the physical
world to manipulate or recondition human thought and behavior through
strange, sometimes absurd experiences (Keel 1975:59-62, 101, 188; Vallee
1975:196-206). A sort of cultural deconstruction results from UFO experi-
ences as they call into question each conventional answer we promote as their
final solution. As our explanations fail in turn, so must our confidence in es-
tablished understanding (Raschke 1981:80-82). The abductees themselves also
differ in their interpretations. Some favor the extraterrestrial reading (Betty
Hill), some take a religious viewpoint (Andreasson), and a few arrive at some
152                          Journal of AmericanFolklore                (102,1989


almost mystical conclusion, such as the idea that a vast unknown intelligence
coexisting on the Earth-or perhaps synonymous with the Earth-is making
contact with us now that we threaten to damage or destroy the planet (Strie-
ber).
   The abduction phenomenon is thus no monolithic belief but a plurality of
beliefs related to a more or less stable experience claim. Hufford's warning
(1983) that scholarly traditions of disbelief are powerful influences in the way
folklorists study their materials gains an added dimension in the case of ab-
ductions, since the full scope of folklore study includes not just abductees and
their reports but also the abduction investigators and their treatment of the
accounts. For ufologists abductions are a means to an end-they prove a fa-
vorite theory, and become part of the UFO tradition. Fundamentalists, skep-
tics, and psychologists tie their own preferred traditions to the same reports.
Abductees usually pursue a more personal agenda, based on the need to make
their peace with an often-disturbing experience. If they lack a belief system
able to accommodate the experience, they may embrace the extraterrestrial
interpretation when they learn of it from ufologists or popular literature, per-
haps not so much because of firm conviction as because this interpretation
gives them words to express the ineffable and concepts to grasp the incom-
prehensible. Abductees may accept a UFO-related origin for their experience
with doubt and reluctance (e.g., Hopkins 1981:51-52), and demonstrate the
reasoned consideration and regard for alternatives that Hufford sees as char-
acteristic of the way many witnesses approach their extraordinary experiences
(1982a:50). Experience, interpretation, personal need, and rival theories com-
plicate the abduction phenomenon with intricate layers and nuances of belief.
   Enough key traits of the legend have emerged to make clear the affinity of
abduction accounts with this genre. They concern extranormal events, nota-
bly a meeting with "otherworldly" and usually nonhuman beings possessed
of extraordinary powers, much like the traditional supernatural beings of be-
lief legends (Degh 1972:76). The welter of diametrically and tangentially op-
posed beliefs among bearers of the abduction tradition conforms to the dialec-
tic pattern of communication indicative of an active legend (Degh and Vaz-
sonyi 1971:298-301; 1978:254-257). Abductees are typical legend actors, hap-
less victims rather than heroes, who encounter the unknown while going
about such mundane activities as driving on a lonely road, fishing after work,
washing dishes, or lying in bed at home. No one is safe, no one chosen for any
apparent reason other than availability. This vulnerability of the innocent to
external powers expresses the ultimate message of abductions and also reflects
the distinctive viewpoint of the legend (Liithi 1976:24). The first-person char-
acter of abduction reports readily locates them among memorates, here re-
garded as a subgenre of the legend and not as personally unique narratives
 (Stahl 1977:21-23). However classified, these reports remain somewhat pe-
 culiar. They are first-person and highly personal, yet their content is recurrent
and the story they tell as complex as many fabulates.
Bullard)                      UFO AbductionReports                            153


                     The Structureof AbductionReports
  The abduction story consists of a maximum of eight episodes in the follow-
ing order:
   1. Capture. Strange beings seize and take the witness aboard a UFO.
  2. Examination. These beings subject the witness to a physical and mental
examination.
  3. Conference.A conversation with the beings follows.
  4. Tour. The beings show their captive around the ship.
   5. OtherworldlyJourney. The ship flies the witness to some strange and
unearthly place.
  6. Theophany. An encounter with a divine being occurs.
   7. Return. At last the witness comes back to Earth, leaves the ship, and reen-
ters normal life.
   8. Aftermath. Physical, mental, and paranormal aftereffects continue in the
wake of the abduction.
   The capture episode has four parts of its own: (1) alien intrusion by a UFO
or strange being, (2) entry into a zone of strangeness where physical laws begin
to fail, (3) onset of the time lapse when the witness becomes in some way men-
tally impaired, and (4) actual procurement of the witness by the beings. Pro-
curement itself unfolds into a complex subepisode as a beam of light strikes
and a drawing force pulls the witness; beings approach and a brief conversation
ensues; they pacify, escort, and float the witness on board the craft; and the
witness experiences a momentary loss of memory, or doorway amnesia, while
entering.
   Examinations also follow a regular progression as the beings undress,
cleanse, and position the witness on an examination table. The procedures
move from the general to the specific as the beings first subject the witness to
manual exploration, then use an eyelike scanning device, and next instruments
to probe the body. Specimens of skin, blood, or other body fluids are taken,
the reproductive areas examined, and finally the beings turn attention to the
neurological system and implant a tiny device into the brain of the conscious
witness. The return episode largely reverses capture, beginning with a farewell
and continuing with doorway amnesia as the beings escort the witness out of
the ship. After watching the craft depart, the witness resumes previous activ-
ities and loses conscious memory of the abduction.
   The order of abduction reports amounts to a complex type, and most actual
narratives adhere to it. Not every report contains all possible episodes, nor
every episode all possible events. Capture and examination are the most com-
mon episodes, while theophanies occur in only six cases. When more episodes
than the obvious capture and return appear together, the order conforms to
the above prescription in 163 out of 193 cases. For reports with complex cap-
ture and procurement sequences, fidelity to type runs just above 75%; for ex-
amination and return, two-thirds of the cases hold true to type.
154                           Journal ofAmerican Folklore                  (102,1989


   Though a stereotypical sequence of events recurs from case to case, this or-
der serves no apparent aesthetic function. Abduction reports share none of the
subtle artistry of urban legends. No plot ellipsis or delayed orientation adds
suspense or surprise to the narrative (Barnes 1984:72; Nicolaisen 1987:70-72),
and the return is something of a letdown as an ending after the fantastic events
aboard ship. Descriptions of the beings may include a transformation in atti-
tude toward their captive from unfriendly to friendly, but rather than devel-
oping character this change strikes the listener as jarring because it seems un-
motivated, out of the blue, and out of place in terms of all that has gone before.
The examination climaxes many reports with an appropriately gripping center
of attention, but in other cases interest drifts toward the conference or other-
worldly journey, so any comparison with dramatic structure seems merely
coincidental. Return is a natural place for the story to finish, yet it often resists
closure by spilling over into a prolonged and personal aftermath. What makes
these narratives even more paradoxical is the fact that no logic obliges confer-
ences to follow examinations or reproductive tests to follow scans, yet narra-
tives seldom violate this sequence, keeping it despite the fact that the actual
narration is often disjointed, halting, and made in a state of emotional excite-
ment. The order of these narratives belongs to the structure of the alleged ex-
perience itself. Content tells the story and the order is simply part of that con-
tent, with no further shaping for artistic form. The result is thrilling enough
as a straightforward report without literary sophistication.

                            Stable ContentElements

   Many striking content motifs recur throughout abduction reports. A list of
occasional motifs runs into the hundreds, but a core of similar descriptions
relating to the craft, the beings, and unusual feelings or occurrences reappears
in a majority of cases. Witnesses most often describe the craft as disk-shaped,
the examination room as circular and domed without sharp corners, and its
lighting as diffused and uniform without any particular source. The interior
has spare furnishings, usually only an examination table. Temperatures are
cold and the air is heavy, misty, or hard to breathe. Doors open out of no-
where and close without leaving any visible crack or seam.
   The commonest beings are humanoids three to five feet tall with large hair-
less heads and tapering chins. The eyes are enormous and extend around the
side of the head to give a "wraparound" effect. All other facial features are
vestigial, with the mouth being no more than a slit or lipless hole, the nose
almost nonexistent except for air holes, and the ears tiny or absent. Most de-
scriptions of the skin call it ashen or gray, often soft and funguslike, as if never
exposed to sunlight. Some beings are frail and slender, but others seem more
robust with large chests. The limbs are usually thin and the arms may extend
to the knees, while the hands sometimes have only three fingers. The legs may
be unusually short or oddly jointed, so the beings walk with a clumsy gait.
Bullard)                       UFO AbductionReports                            155


Some witnesses attribute sexual differences to the beings, though the distinc-
tions are seldom obvious and other abductees consider the beings neuter.
Clothing almost always consists of tight-fitting one-piece uniforms, occasion-
ally augmented by a belt or a hood fitted closely around the head. One being
serves as a leader or liaison with the captives and communicates with them by
telepathy, giving reassurances and imparting special messages, while the rest
of the crew seem cold and unfriendly. Most of the time the beings show no
emotion, but they are capable of surprise, anger, irritability, and excitement.
   A host of physical and mental special effects surrounds the abduction ex-
perience and lends it much of its surreal quality. When the UFO appears a
silence may fall over the scene and the whole event may occur as if within a
vacuum; traffic may cease or passersby fail to notice that anything strange is
going on. Drivers may lose control of their vehicles and cars seem to drive
themselves. The beings sometimes pass ghostlike through solid doors or win-
dows, and defy gravity by floating above the ground. Humans acquire this
power when in the company of the beings. One of the commonest attributes
of the abduction experiences is the time lapse, a period of amnesia blocking
out conscious memory of the time of captivity and imposed by the beings
through something like hypnotic control. Witnesses also report paralysis or
loss of will, especially an artificial euphoria alternating with onrushes of terror
whenever the beings' control influences wear off. A desire to look down or
close the eyes is common among witnesses and usually attributed to the
beings' aversion to anyone looking at them. In one striking incident repeated
often since, the beings inserted a long needle into Betty Hill's navel and caused
her intense pain, but the leader touched her on the forehead and the pain im-
mediately eased.
   Equally diverse aftereffects crowd into the life of a witness in the wake of
an abduction. The immediate aftereffects are physical and include burning
eyes, sunburned skin, puncture wounds, and gastrointestinal upset. Acute
thirst often follows an abduction, and many witnesses feel dirty or in need of
a bath. These problems pass within a few days or weeks and then intermediate
effects of a mental nature set in. The witness suffers nightmares or flashbacks,
indefinable attacks of anxiety, and a sense of panic from an innocuous situation
like sitting in a doctor's office. Long-term aftereffects are even more notable.
A personality change for better or worse may occur, with new interests and
abilities developing while old habits cease. In some instances abductees go on
to become more curious, outgoing, and humane, though in a few cases indi-
viduals have become erratic and their personalities have unraveled. A common
element of the aftermath is further contact with the paranormal. Extrasensory
abilities may develop, poltergeist activity occur, Men in Black appear, and
most often, further abductions or encounters with the alien beings take place.
   Enough alternatives exist for many of these motifs to prove they are true
narrative variables: A few abductees describe the craft as cigar shaped, and the
Hills reported a wedge-shaped examination room. Beings may be humanoid,
156                         Journal of American Folklore                (102,1989


human, or monstrous, with about two-thirds of 203 cases with beings speci-
fied favoring the humanoid. Humans make up most of the remainder and truly
strange creatures are quite rare, despite long years of indoctrination by images
of the bug-eyed monsters so beloved of Hollywood and science fiction liter-
ature. The short or "standard" humanoid described above predominates
among reports, but tall humanoids also appear, some of them with hair or
other atypical features, and a few deviant humanoids like the Pascagoula
mummies round out the sample. Differences sometimes cluster on a geo-
graphical basis, so English reports favor humanlike aliens and South American
reports the tall humanoids, suggesting national versions of the abduction leg-
end may exist.

                       Themes of the Abduction Story

   1. Focus on Reproduction.Throughout the history of abductions the beings
have shown a keen interest in reproduction, an interest expressed in the old-
fashioned way for Villas Boas and with greater technological sophistication for
the Indianapolis woman whose fetus was removed, but present in some form
or other in many accounts. Male abductees may report sperm samples taken
and females a long needle inserted into the navel or abdomen for what the
beings identify as a pregnancy test, while both sexes experience some inspec-
tion of the genital area. More than evenhanded scientific curiosity appears to
motivate this attention, since the examiners devote a disproportionate amount
of time and effort to the reproductive system at the relative expense of other
equally significant bodily systems. In one case the abductors say outright that
their mission is to build a better being by combining their qualities with those
of humans (Druffel and Rogo 1980:165, 169). In other cases abductees have
seen nurseries and hybrid children (Hopkins 1987:164-186). Less direct ref-
erences, where one man was rejected because of a vasectomy and another as
too old and infirm for the beings' purposes, indicate a depth of consistency in
this theme.
   2. The Dying Planet. When abductees visit the otherworld it is frequently a
dim, desolate, or devastated place where little or nothing grows and the beings
live in enclosed cities. If the otherworld is lush and green it is an underworld
without a specific light source or horizon, and the visitor reaches this paradise
only after passing through a tunnel or a barren, unpleasant area (Fowler
1979:77-84). Something seems clearly amiss with the beings' home planet.
They may confess that a catastrophe has overtaken them and that they seek a
new home. One being stated that his planet was no longer fertile and his mis-
sion to Earth was to gather plants and animals as breeding stock (Sprinkle
1979:306-307). Tying this theme with reproductive interests, several beings
have complained that their species is no longer fertile, so they seek to rejuven-
ate their stock with human genetic materials.
  3. Propheciesand Warnings.The conference episode and to a lesser extent the
farewell allow the beings a chance to leave messages with the abductee. Ex-
Bullard)                      UFO AbductionReports                            157


planations and questions make up part of these conferences, but their main
substance consists of warnings that humans are on a path to nuclear, ecologi-
cal, or moral destruction and prophecies of a coming time of tribulation or
cataclysm. In other words, Earth is well on its way to the fate already suffered
by the aliens' planet. Then the beings offer a ray of hope with the promise that
they will help prevent this apocalypse, and charge the witness with a mission
to aid the work of salvation. The abductee should study religion, philosophy,
or occult wisdom and become more caring, loving, and thoughtful of others.
The beings request the abductee help them learn more about human emotions,
apparently an especially difficult concept for the visitors, either by observing
for them or even by bringing other people for the beings to study. These ef-
forts serve in some obscure way the cause of saving the Earth, and the beings
may promise the abductee some special but again obscure role when the crisis
begins.
   4. Deceit andIndifference.On the surface the beings appear altruists motivated
only by kindness and goodwill despite their abrupt methods. A surprising
number of abductees reverse their attitude by the time they depart from the
ship and actually regard the experience in a positive light, thinking of the
leader as a friend and feeling a loss or sadness that the experience is finished.
At the same time a sharp ambivalence pervades the testimony even of favor-
ably inclined witnesses. The beings are often scrupulously polite, but some
abductees sense a cold indifference underneath this facade of courtesy, a dis-
regard for human suffering or perhaps no understanding of it. Some abductees
complain that they were treated like guinea pigs and merely used by the
beings. Betty Hill and Betty Andreasson suspected that the crew was un-
friendly and wanted to carry out further tests, though the leader intervened to
protect the captives. Manipulativeness is another common complaint lodged
against the abductors. They may phrase their instructions as requests, but
some abductees realize that they were compelled to obey by a kind of hyp-
notically repeated insistence. Even the change of attitude about the abduction
seems an unnatural consequence of mood manipulation. Many abductees ex-
press distrust of the beings, while clues of a hidden agenda abound. Abduc-
tions begin with the beings tense and anxious. They relax only after the ex-
amination is completed, so the examination seems to be the real purpose be-
hind the abduction. When the beings inform the witness of their place of ori-
gin, the answer is always absurd, and all specific prophecies have failed to
come true. Lies, veiled threats, broken promises, and the beings' aversion to
human gaze count among the reasons why some abductees mingle their pos-
itive feelings with doubts about the motives and sincerity of the aliens.

  Any discussion of themes must rely more on a broad sample of reports than
on the insights individuals derive from their one or a few personal encounters.
UFO researchers who take abductions as literal facts are the usual sources for
speculations about the nature and purposes of these events, and promote the
idea that aliens need genetic materials or carry out hybrid breeding programs
158                          Journal ofAmerican Folklore                  (102,1989


to save a dying species (Hopkins 1981:216-223). This interpretation unifies the
themes by explaining a concern with reproduction in terms of the dying
planet, while the prophecies are part of the aliens' disinformation campaign,
used to win over abductees as more or less willing participants in future ab-
ductions. Who would refuse to spare a little blood or endure a little pain when
convinced the survival of the world is at stake? Other suggestions have turned
to the venerable notion of alien invasion, with the hybrids serving as a way
the extraterrestrials can occupy the Earth as a new home, while the lies and
altruistic posturings simply hide the sinister true intentions. According to
some accounts, these hybrids already walk among us and pass for normal peo-
ple (personal communication 1988).
   If an effort to find literary unity in abduction themes seems far-fetched, their
latent potential for elaboration is illustrated by a recent rumor intertwining
abductions with another branch of UFO lore. Ever since the early 1950s, sto-
ries of crashed saucers in government hands have turned up from time to time.
The Freedom of Information Act opened a new era in this line of research, and
the burgeoning literature includes many references to "MJ-12," a group of
top-level scientists and military officers entrusted with the knowledge of this
crash (Friedman 1987). President George Bush is alleged to be a current mem-
ber of MJ-12. New revelations of unknown source but now circulating within
the UFO community expand on these claims to add that MJ-12 later met with
live aliens and made a treaty with them to exchange information for the right
to carry out an abduction program. Its purpose was supposed to be scientific
and its scope small, but the aliens duped the earthlings and burrowed a vast
complex of tunnels beneath New Mexico and many other parts of the South-
west. Abductions then became something of an industry-guess              where all
those missing children pictured on milk cartons go-and the purpose is to ob-
tain a food supply. The aliens draw nutrients from human blood. Terrified
that matters had gotten so far out of hand, the government attempted to re-
move the invaders by military action, but several scores of soldiers were killed
in the effort. The aliens remain in their tunnels, growing in number and
power. For this reason former President Reagan initiated his "Star Wars" pro-
gram, not as a defense against the Soviets, but against our unwanted subter-
ranean guests (personal communication 1988).

                          Parallelsin Folk Tradition
   Abduction reports enjoy the distinction of having no close antecedents in
earlier UFO lore. Nothing like the present narratives appears among reports
from the 1897 airship wave, often full of foreshadowings, nor during the 1950s
when most stories of contacts described beautiful, philosophical Venusians or
fleeting glimpses of short humanoid beings. Yet for all the science fiction trap-
pings, abduction reports sound like rewrites of older supernatural encounter
traditions with aliens serving the functional roles of divine beings or nature
Bullard)                       UFO AbductionReports                             159


 spirits. The resemblance between UFO lore of all sorts and traditions of con-
 tact with the supernatural is explored at great length by Hilary Evans (1984,
 1987), who finds considerable unity underlying these traditions, despite their
 diversity of outward form. An outline of comparative categories cannot begin
 to exhaust the similarities of details, but it will suffice to suggest how closely
 analogy binds this new lore to the old.
    1. Visits to andfrom the Otherworld. A widespread assumption in many tra-
 ditions is an otherworld where gods, demons, fairies, spirits of the dead, or
 other mysterious beings dwell. This otherworld may lie beneath the ground,
 in the air, or at some inaccessible distance away, but these secret places of the
 Earth offer the same cosmological sanctuary for extraordinary beings as other
 planets in modern scientific or science fiction speculations. Fairyland or the
 realm of the dead is often subterranean. Entry may be through a prehistoric
 mound, which occasionally rises on pillars of brilliant light to resemble a
landed UFO (Briggs 1978:103). The visitor may pass through caverns to a
 more spacious area where no sun shines and only a perpetual half-light illu-
 minates the landscape (F211.3; Briggs 1976:119). The abductees' otherworld
is sometimes an underworld with these same characteristics, especially in the
 two journeys of Betty Andreasson. Her otherworld was as much a place of
extraordinary beauty as traditional fairylands. In one scene a being escorted
her through a large forest made entirely of fine crystal, where transparent
flowers and butterflies momentarily acquired color and life when she touched
them (Fowler 1980:122-126). In a sense the otherworld experience merely en-
larges and externalizes the sights seen inside the ship, since captives sometimes
pass through a corridor as they enter and spend most of their stay in a rounded
room with uniform illumination. Every descent into the craft becomes a ru-
dimentary subterranean journey.
   Whole societies of humanoid beings populate this otherworld. Celtic fairies
and Germanic dwarfs match the aliens in many attributes, being often shorter
than humans and possessed of large heads and piercing eyes, though hairless-
ness is a rare trait (Briggs 1976:109-111, 337-338; Heide 1976:38). A limp or
clumsy gait is common among these beings and aliens alike (Briggs 1978:170;
Heide 1976:46-47). Just as aliens often float to overcome their handicap, some
races of fairies and the troops of spirits composing the Wild Hunt fly
                                                                           through
the air (F282; Briggs 1976:148-150). How closely fairies and aliens sometimes
compare can be judged by Betty Andreasson's account of her second encoun-
ter with an alien being. When she was playing in the woods at age 12, the
                                                                              being
emerged headfirst out of a hole in the ground and stood before her dressed in
a suit so rough-textured that it resembled the bark of a tree. She tossed stones
at the being, but they fell to the ground without touching him (Fowler
1980:80-93). Another chthonic entity figures in the experience recalled under
hypnosis by a repeat abductee. He was four years old when a small elflike being
dressed in green invited him to play, then entered into his body. They went
some distance to reach a hole in the ground and fell into an underworld of
160                         Journal of American Folklore                (102,1989


rooms and corridors, where the boy underwent parts of the standard exami-
nation (personal communication 1986).
   Whether these otherworld dwellers are truly supernatural or essentially
mortal cohabitants of the Earth, they almost always demonstrate skills and
powers beyond the abilities of ordinary humans. For dwarfs this superiority
may take the form of fine craftsmanship, but with fairies these skills usually
pass into the realm of magic. Even the best fairy magic has definite limits. It
often depends more on trickery and illusion than real power over humans or
the natural world, as when fairies animate a stock to appear like the human
they have stolen or give rich and splendid gifts that prove to be leaves and
ordure once the magical spell breaks. Without a magical veil even the beautiful
fairyland may be a squalid and ugly place, no better off than the desolate oth-
erworld abductees describe (Briggs 1976:191). The aliens of abduction stories
possess an advanced science and technology with many attributes of magic,
but here too a fallibility shows through when the beings instruct witnesses to
forget but they remember anyway, or more generally, when the superscience
of the aliens proves little advanced over our actual capabilities and on a par
with our fictional anticipations. Like fairies, aliens depend on deception as a
key tool in their bag of tricks.
    Contact with the otherworld and its inhabitants is fraught with danger for
humans. A common peril for unfortunate people whether out in the open or
within their own homes is kidnap by a marauding troop of fairies, a fate some-
times deserved, but often determined in traditional legends as well as in ab-
duction reports by nothing more than the bad luck of being in the wrong place
at the wrong time. Aliens disorient their captives and isolate them from the
everyday environment during capture; fairies likewise confuse and bewilder
travelers, cause paralysis with a touch, and violate the familiar laws of nature
within the fairy circle (F369.7, F361; Briggs 1976:152; 1978:18, 120). The fa-
mous motifofa supernatural lapse of time in fairyland (F377) involves a slower
passage of time there than in the ordinary world, so that human visitors think
they have been away a matter of hours when in fact decades or centuries have
elapsed. An equally prominent time lapse occurs in abductions, but it is a men-
tal rather than a physical phenomenon, a loss of memory rather than a loss of
years. Still, abduction reports and fairy legends share the notion of a distortion
 of the temporal continuum. The positive consequences of abductions echo the
 fortune of a visitor to fairyland who returns with second sight or knowledge
 of the future (F239.1; Briggs 1978:85-87). On the unfavorable side, many vis-
 itors come home demented, physically injured, or liable to pine away for the
 beauty of the otherworld (F329.3; Briggs 1978:47). These outcomes parallel
 the fates of some abductees, though negative consequences seem far more nu-
 merous in fairy legends.
    Aliens treat their captives with politeness, but surface behavior clashes with
 an underlying indifference or even cruelty. This same tension characterizes
 many supernatural encounter legends as well. A strict code of etiquette gov-
Bullard)                        UFO AbductionReports                              161


erns fairies and dwarfs in their relationships with humans, while fairies with
hollow backs and dwarfs with clubfeet dislike anyone to look on their deform-
ities (Briggs 1976:233). Not only are the abductors often annoyed when a cap-
tive observes them, but in one case the being, named Ausso, always faced the
witness and never permitted a view of his back (Sprinkle 1979:265). Few in-
cidents in fairy lore compare very closely with the bodily violations suffered
by abductees during the examination, though in broader terms, fairies are
quick to punish a transgression by sometimes drastic means and exhibit callous
disregard for victims in sports like elfshots and by leading people astray. A
captive in fairyland may escape through the kindness of a fellow human who
is condemned to remain there (F376; Briggs 1976:388). Abduction stories oc-
casionally provide a perverse variant of this motif, since several abductees have
reported an ordinary human aboard the spaceship who could have been pulled
off the street or out of bed just like them, but who assists the aliens in the
examination and tells lies to win the cooperation of captives. These traitors
provoke more expressions of anger than the aliens themselves (Lorenzen and
Lorenzen 1977:19-20).
   The reproductive theme so prominent in abduction reports recurs as a staple
throughout the lore of supernatural contact and kidnap. Greek mythology
portrays Zeus as a notorious lecher prone to carry off mortals, and tells of
Pluto taking Persephone to Hades while her mother Demeter deprives the
earth of its fertility. Genesis 6:4 says that "the sons of God came in unto the
daughters of men, and they bare children unto them. ..."           Demons    seduce
humans in their sleep as incubi and succubi, La Llorona lures men with sexual
attractiveness, and the devil as a handsome man may seduce and carry off a
young woman. Even the dead, or at least the undead, feed on the lifesblood
or sexual energies of the young and virile. Of course sex is always a topic of
interest in or out of narratives. What makes fairies especially significant in this
connection is the fact that they are somehow not reproductively self-sufficient
and depend to a degree on humans. Fairies mate with humans, carry off
women to fairyland, exchange their elderly for human babies, and seek a mor-
tal midwife to assist at a fairy birth (F301, F322, F321.1, F372.1; Briggs
1978:145-148, 109-110, 102, 93-100). This reproductive parasitism bears a
close resemblance to the relationship between humans and aliens depicted in
abduction accounts. A few abductees have dreamed of"wise babies," wizened
infants of extraordinary frailness who speak with mature wisdom and seem to
be hybrids under care of the aliens (Hopkins 1987:165-173). In appearance and
behavior these babies resemble changelings, and bring to mind the belief that
the offspring of humans and fairies have unusual powers (F305; Briggs
1978:142).
   2. Initiations, Conversions, and FinalJudgments. If visits to fairyland lack suit-
able equivalents for the examination episode, certain religious traditions high-
light a physical ordeal as the central motif in an otherworldly visit. What per-
haps comes most readily to mind is the judgment and ultimate fate of the soul
162                          Journal ofAmerican Folklore                 (102,1989


after bodily death. In one ancient Egyptian version of judgment the deceased
stands before Osiris and the assembled gods of the underworld in a subterra-
nean chamber, and there Anubis weighs the heart on a scale while a monstrous
animal called the "Devourer of Souls" watches the outcome with greedy eyes
(Budge 1979:110-156). A reckoning of deeds and punishment for the wicked
hold prominent places in Zoroastrian, Islamic, and Christian beliefs, while a
popular version of the Christian hell prescribes devils to skewer sinners with
pitchforks or other sharp instruments. Dante's Divine Comedy culminates a
long tradition of folk and literary descriptions of visits to hell, wherein the
visitor undergoes a perilous tour of the underworld, witnesses the agonies of
eternal punishment, and comes back personally reformed as well as a wiser
adviser to others (Himmelfarb 1983; Zaleski 1987). Theological overlays sep-
arate religious beliefs from abductions, but both descriptions share the idea of
an evaluative process by extranormal beings using instruments in an unearthly
environment, and both are fraught with images of pain and torture.
   What the rite of passage from life to death fails to include is the possibility
of personal change. Everything is settled with inappropriate finality as soon as
the day of judgment dawns. More comparable to abductions are visits to hell
when the witness reforms as a consequence of the experience, and a happier
otherworldly journey recorded in considerable numbers recently, known as
the near-death experience. Some people pronounced clinically dead but sub-
sequently revived have told of floating out of their bodies and rushing through
a tunnel to a brilliantly lighted paradise, but soon have to return to their bodies
despite a keen sense of regret (Ring 1985:36-38). Little of the ordeal or aliens-
and-spaceship imagery appears in these accounts, but the aftermath bears sim-
ilarities as the witnesses break with their past lives to become more spiritual,
develop psychic powers, and see apocalyptic visions (Ring 1985:50-219).
   Puberty rituals or initiations for a mystical vocation engage harrowing
events for purposes of life transformation, and compare best of all. The death
and rebirth visions of initiates who seek spiritual powers in the otherworld
often include a gruesome dismemberment and reassembly of the body carried
out by supernatural beings. In the case of the Siberian shaman some of the
details bear striking similarities with abduction reports: The experience may
begin when the shaman-to-be enters a deathlike trance or coma, two helpful
spirits may provide an escort, friendly spirits may help while unfriendly spirits
harm the candidate, dismemberment may occur in a rounded cave with uni-
form lighting, the head or brain may be removed and the eyes torn out (Eliade
1974:34-58). For Betty Hill, long needles in the navel counted as the worst part
of her experience, but a few abductees complain of even more alarming treat-
ment. One man recalled under hypnosis that at age five a team of abductors
split him open from breastbone to pubic bone and performed some sort of
operation on his internal organs, then sealed him up by a means that left no
trace. He saw blood but felt no pain during the procedure (personal commu-
nication, 1986). Another abductee reported that the beings removed her brain
Bullard)                        UFO AbductionReports                            163


and set it beside her (Clark 1980:146), while Betty Andreasson stated that the
examiner pulled her eyeball from its socket in order to insert an object into her
brain. The beings implant a tiny beadlike object, sometimes interpreted as a
control or monitor device, into the head or spine of many abductees (Fowler
 1980:165-175; Hopkins 1987:58-59; Strieber 1987:28). These objects usually
rest on the point of a long needle and may enter the body through a nostril or
ear as well as behind the eyeball. Shamanic initiates too may receive inserts in
the form of a rock crystal enclosed into their bodies to provide special powers
 (Eliade 1974:45).
   Ordeals are a means to an end in the dynamic process of initiation. Candi-
dates often suffer isolation in a sacred environment, cleansing and purification,
bodily destruction and reconstruction, all in all a long litany of pain and terror.
At the same time initiates acquire knowledge and skills imparted by higher
beings, and assume the rights and responsibilities of a new status (Eliade
 1965:4-5).The initiate dies and is born again a different person-literally in
shamanic accounts, symbolically in rituals such as Christian baptism. A defi-
nite and positive purpose justifies the ordeal in these cases. Abductees also are
torn away from familiar surroundings and suffer in a strange environment,
and here too runs the idea that abductees emerge as rebuilt and improved peo-
ple, though mainly as an undercurrent. Most notably in the Andreasson case
and to a lesser degree in others, cleansing and examination lose some of their
clinical, utilitarian qualities when followed by aspects of transformation. In
her case the beings add thoughts and knowledge as a way of making her a
better spiritual guide for other people.
   For many abductees their encounter marks a turning point in their lives,
though the cause-and-effect relationship between the experience and the
changes remains unclear. Some abductees alter long-standing habits, prefer-
ences, and personality traits, sometimes at the direct behest of the beings and
sometimes for no known reason (Bullard 1987:157). Religious conversions
share this power to make sudden and radical changes in people's lives. Jesus
appeared to Saul of Tarsus out of a great radiance invisible to his traveling
companions, and as a result the greatest opponent of Christianity became Paul,
its foremost apostle. Joseph Smith met angels who led him to the Book of
Mormon and through it to the foundation of a new religious sect. No abductee
has yet become a major leader, but a strong sense of purpose has overtaken
some abductees and motivated them to acquire more education or change jobs
(Druffel and Rogo 1980:9-10). Several years after his abduction, Charles Hick-
son announced that he is to be a liaison between earthlings and the aliens. No
suggestion has arisen that people are abducted for their sins, but a few reports
hint that the beings have chosen some people for special qualities like
                                                                            psychic
abilities, spiritual purity, or an openness of mind (Bullard 1987:106). Com-
bined with messages, missions, and warnings, this chosen status leaves ab-
ductees sounding as if they have heard the call of the prophet.
   3. A Modern Tradition? Many themes and images in abduction
                                                                         reports lie
closer to home than fairy lore or initiation ritual, as close in fact as the movie
164                         Journal of American Folklore               (102, 1989


theater. A major scientific controversy during the late 19th and early 20th cen-
turies concerned the supposed canals of Mars and the proof they seemed to
offer for an advanced civilization there. Percival Lowell, the astronomer who
was chief proponent and publicist for the canals, argued that they carried the
last remaining water for the inhabitants of a dying planet (Crowe 1986:480-
546). This theory enjoyed much popular and little scientific support, but fur-
nished science fiction and adventure writers with a fertile source of story ma-
terial. H. G. Wells carried the dying planet theme one step further in The War
of the Worlds(1897): If the Martians were advanced enough to undertake plan-
etwide engineering projects, they would find a way to save themselves by es-
caping to a more hospitable planet like Earth. This most famous invasion from
Mars novel caused a panic when Orson Welles broadcast an adaptation on Hal-
loween, 1938, and the story again proved its resiliency when George Pal di-
rected a movie version in 1953.
   Aliens have become a fixture in popular culture, described and depicted
countless times in pulp literature, comic books, cartoons, television series, and
movies. The image of the alien has only occasionally squared with the hu-
manoids of abduction reports, but Wells made a pertinent contribution when
he added an evolutionary perspective to his Martians and enlarged their brains
at the expense of their bodies. A large head, browless eyes, and hairless skin
combined with a small, frail body match the aliens of abduction stories with
the evolutionally advanced aliens of imaginative fiction. Wells also speculated
that the Martians' digestive systems had so atrophied that they took nutrients
directly from the blood of lower animals, recalling the more lurid rumors of
what abductions are really all about.
   Many 1950s science fiction movies lent visual immediacy to themes and im-
ages later to appear in abduction reports. In This Island Earth (1955) humans
captured by the aliens assist in a project to save a besieged and devastated
planet. The invaders in Earth Versus the Flying Saucers (1956) are frail huma-
noids who have already lost their planet and seek a new home on Earth. They
bring captives into a large circular and domed room inside the craft and steal
their thoughts by means of a device suspended from the ceiling. The Invaders
from Mars (1953) tunnel underground and insert an electrode into the back of
the neck of each captive, who then obeys Martian commands. Perhaps the
most parallels appear in Killers from Space (1953). Here a pilot killed in a jet
crash finds himself in an underground operating room with his heart dangling
above him as strange beings bring him back to life with surgery that leaves no
scar. They have bulging eyes and wear dark, tight-fitting uniforms. Com-
municating by telepathy, the leader shows the pilot scenes of the destruction
of the aliens' home planet and reveals how they will emerge from their tunnels
to take over the Earth, but then blocks the human's memory by means of hyp-
nosis and plants orders for him to perform an act of sabotage. These few ex-
amples demonstrate that "abduction" motifs circulated widely in popular cul-
 ture years before abduction reports surfaced. Perhaps casual exposure to the
Bullard)                      UFO AbductionReports                           165


Saturday matinees of childhood could explain the unusual age distribution of
so many abductees.
   A more concrete example of the influence of popular culture on abductees
is the way some of them achieve a first understanding of their strange mem-
ories and learn who to contact for further investigation. A call for personal
UFO experiences in the National Enquirerfirst prompted Betty Andreasson to
report her recollections, while reading a UFO article in Saga magazine led
Patty Roach to write to the editors, who passed along her case to a field in-
vestigator for the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO). Sgt.
Moody reached UFO investigators through the newsstand magazine Official
 UFO. Budd Hopkins and Whitley Strieber have used television talk-show ap-
pearances as a successful way to solicit possible abductees, and many people
who report abduction symptoms have responded to the OMNI magazine sur-
vey from December, 1987. A television movie based on the Hill case intro-
duced millions of viewers to the abduction phenomenon. This movie, The
 UFO Incident, first aired in October 1975 and has reappeared on many occa-
sions. Sandra Larson stated that she had discussed her strange UFO encounter
with friends, but realized its nature only after seeing the broadcast. Skeptics
have charged that this dramatization planted abduction imagery and a wish to
share the experience in a number of minds, then some of these abduction as-
pirants have attempted to fulfill their wish by seeking out UFO investigators.
The most flagrant example, according to Klass, is the Travis Walton case. His
nationally publicized story followed the broadcast by less than three weeks
(Fowler 1979:18-19; Klass 1988:25-26; Lorenzen and Lorenzen 1977:10, 40,
54).

                  The Folkloric Significance of Abductions

   Abduction reports demonstrate that a complex legend filled with extraor-
dinary content can arise and take hold in modern society. How much credit
belongs to mass media is uncertain, but their crucial importance in passing
along an awareness of abductions seems undeniable. News reaches the public
through best-selling books, popular movies, and TV talk shows, or even by a
casual glance at a tabloid newspaper in the grocery checkout lane. Whether the
pervasiveness of these ideas causes imaginative fantasies or encourages wit-
nesses to speak up is equally uncertain, but an audience for the stories is as-
sured. The UFO community is both eager to listen and organized to spread
the word. National groups with their network of enthusiastic members inves-
tigate reports, then communicate findings through organizational newsletters
and journals. Not only belief but subscriptions sustain a receptive channel for
the reports and their interpretation as alien visitations. Aware of the value of
publicity, UFO organizations and researchers relay abduction cases to the
news media and thereby complete the cycle of information distribution. Sim-
ilarly well-established organizations of skeptics counter the proponents'
166                          Journal ofAmerican Folklore                (102,1989


 claims, so arguments as well as testimonies fill articles and letters columns in
such publications as the MUFON UFO Journal, International UFO Reporter,
and Skeptical Inquirer.The whole structure of a live and vigorous legend takes
shape among widely scattered participants who seldom if ever meet face to
face. Dispersal of this folklore by electronic and printed means has become so
important that oral transmission plays only a minor role.
    Another matter abductions illustrate with unusual clarity is the rising tra-
jectory of a new legend. The Hill case initiated public awareness of the abduc-
 tion phenomenon in 1966, but no flood of reports followed. Seven years
passed before another case made national news and a good ten years before
 reports became common. Today they spring up like dandelions. Documented
 from birth to the present active, growing phase, abductions offer a glimpse of
how a new idea has fitted into the established UFO mythology.
    Taken in the wider context of UFO lore, abductions follow as a reasonable
 outgrowth of beliefs about technologically advanced aliens come to study the
 Earth and its inhabitants. The story simply assumes that aliens might do what
 human scientists do when exploring an unknown land. Many old standbys of
 UFO reports appear in abduction accounts as well, like a disk-shaped craft,
 diminutive beings, and electromagnetic effects on vehicles, so abductions re-
 main rooted in UFO tradition despite their many innovations. At the same
 time abductions rate as a major expansion of the UFO belief system. They
 allow the narrator to answer questions about how the beings look, what they
 want, where they come from, how they think, and what is inside the craft,
 questions with obvious appeal to the curious but difficult to answer in mere
 reports of lights flying through the night. The abduction story satisfies that
 curiosity through dramatization rather than speculation, and the result is a
 more elaborate and thrilling narrative than the subject has sustained hereto-
 fore. These are exciting times for proponents: At last they have the inside story
 to vindicate all their UFO beliefs, and an enlarged meaning to prove those
 beliefs carry tremendous significance.
    The abduction narrative offers exceptional flexibility in relationships with
 the rest of UFO lore. The basic abduction account usually reappears as a stable
 core, but the fragmentariness that is characteristic of legends (Degh 1971:62)
 manifests itself when this core opens into subsequent UFO sightings, meet-
 ings with aliens, and repeat abductions. A new synthesis can arise with sur-
 prising speed as abductions join with other UFO beliefs like Men in Black and
 government coverups of crashed saucers, or even draw current events into the
 widening mythology. The abduction legend in turn reflects its meanings onto
 the entire UFO belief complex, unifying the diverse parts into a coherent
 whole and lending new depth to every part. This legend is at once imperialistic
 and accommodating, capable of imposing new meanings on old lore but also
 of adapting to the established context of beliefs. The old and the new grow
 and merge so harmoniously together that abductions seem a natural part of the
  UFO phenomenon-and all the more convincing for this reason.
Bullard)                       UFO AbductionReports                             167


    The private beliefs of abductees about their experiences may have little in
common with the publicly debated beliefs of ufologists and skeptics. In the
public arena abductions become pawns in a larger ideological dispute over the
interpretation of these events and how they relate to UFOs in general. Ab-
ductions presently rate as such an exciting and important issue for the ufol-
ogical community because they lend handy support to the most cherished be-
liefs of this folk group. These narratives come from outside the community
through people with no vested interest in confirming an extraterrestrial origin
for UFOs, yet the events described in these unsolicited reports seem to con-
firm that theory with minimal need for interpretation. They set skeptics on
the defensive and force them to rely on convoluted appeals to psychology,
appeals largely unconvincing to the lay public. If abductions themselves were
disqualified somehow as folklore, there would still be a folklore of abductions.
It would be the tangle of beliefs that have grown over and beyond the basic
testimonies of abductees.
    In the middle of this entanglement lie the abduction reports, still the most
puzzling and intriguing aspect of the whole matter. Hufford proposes that the
recurrent characteristics of some folk narratives may not be the consequence
of cultural transmission, but rather the consequence of different narrators shar-
ing the same sort of experience (Hufford 1982b:15-16). A strong case can be
built for some traditions beginning with external or internal experience. Peter
M. Rojcewicz argues that extraordinary encounter traditions of all sorts relate
 to one another as parts of a continuum. A stable, perhaps experiential core of
phenomena unifies these traditions, while they are differentiated by a wide ar-
 ray of culturally determined surface features (1986). Hufford has found that
 the phenomena of the Old Hag experience appear in cultural settings where
 the explanatory tradition is unknown (1982b:113). Near-death experiences
 likewise maintain a recognizable core from culture to culture (Ring 1982:20).
 Abductions resemble initiations, narratives of supernatural kidnap and visits
 to the otherworld in too many aspects of event sequence, content motifs, and
 thematic clusters for us to expect a full explanation in chance alone. Abduction
 accounts claim an experience. Their consistency, especially when it reaches
 down to minute details and comes from people with little knowledge of the
 abduction literature, seems most easily explained by this experiential assump-
 tion.
    Whether the experience is objectively real, subjectively real, or the result of
 transmitted ideas, many claimants react with profound emotion to the con-
 viction that they were abducted by unearthly beings. For some people the ex-
 perience is as real and upsetting as a crime or accident. An actual encounter
 with aliens would be shocking, but a vivid subjective experience might pro-
 vide an equally affecting alternative. If the legend persists as a genre because it
 expresses a fundamental category of psychological concern (Ranke 1967:23-
 27), abduction reports may owe their emotional impact to a similar psycho-
 logical affinity. For some reason abductees take their experiences very much
168                             Journal of American Folklore                      (102,1989


to heart, a clue perhaps that this type of encounter arises from an internal
source, or learned materials deeply internalized.
   Why abduction reports should appear in their present form at the present
time, if they are motivated by age-old psychological concerns, suggests a for-
tuitous and recent confluence of factors. Experience of some sort may underlie
the reports, but experience alone might not suffice to start an abduction tra-
dition. A raw experience by itself might prove too confusing to report at all,
despite its emotional force, or channel through some interpretive tradition like
religion to emerge in another form. An evolving UFO tradition provides a
ready-made language of description and interpretation suitable for modern
times. The experience compares well enough with UFO ideas to fit in with
them and take its place within the larger UFO mythology. In turn this well-
developed tradition helps shape the personal experiences of abductees into a
viable public form, perhaps first in the thoughts of abductees, more certainly
later when the accounts pass along to eager proponents and receptive mass
media. How much of the final narrative is experience and how much is tradi-
tion remains an open question. What seems more certain is that without all of
these contributing factors, the UFO abduction legend probably could not ex-
ist.
   Abductions point to the rise of a technological supernaturalism in UFO re-
ports, where the possibilities of alien science sanction wonders once possible
only in magic. In abductions we also reacquaint ourselves with some old ene-
mies. They have always been with us, these creatures lurking in the dark.
Once again we are helpless as they swoop down to capture, terrify, and harm
us for their own purposes. Science may have evicted ghosts and witches from
our beliefs, but it just as quickly filled the vacancy with aliens having the same
functions. Only the extraterrestrial outer trappings are new. All the fear and
the psychological dramas for dealing with it seem simply to have found their
way home again, where it is business as usual in the legend realm where things
always go bump in the night.

                                   ReferencesCited
Baker, Robert A. 1988. The Aliens Among Us: Hypnotic Regression Revisited. Skeptical Inquirer
  12:147-162.
Barnes, Daniel R. 1984. Interpreting Urban Legends. Arv 40:67-78.
Basterfield, Keith. 1981. Close Encountersof an Australian Kind. Sydney: Reed.
Briggs, Katharine. 1976. An Encyclopediaof Fairies. New York: Pantheon Books.
            1978. The VanishingPeople. New York: Pantheon Books.
Brunvand, Jan Harold. 1981. The Vanishing Hitchhiker. New York: Norton.
            1984. The Choking Doberman. New York: Norton.
            1986. The Mexican Pet. New York: Norton.
Budge,  E.  A. Wallis. 1979. Egyptian Religion. London: Routledge & Kegan Paul.
Bullard, Thomas E. 1987. UFO Abductions: The Measure ofa Mystery. Mount Rainier, Md.: Fund
  for UFO Research.
Clark, Jerome. 1980. UFO Abduction in North Dakota. In UFO Abductions,ed. D. Scott Rogo,
  pp. 138-159. New York: Signet Books.
Bullard)                             UFO AbductionReports                                     169


Clark, Jerome, and Loren Coleman. 1975. The Unidentified. New York: Warner Paperback Li-
  brary.
Crowe, MichaelJ. 1986. The ExtraterrestrialLife Debate 1750-1900. New York: Cambridge Uni-
  versity Press.
Degh, Linda. 1971. The "Belief Legend" in Modern Society: Form, Function, and Relationship
  to Other Genres. In American Folk Legend, ed. Wayland D. Hand, pp. 55-68. Berkeley: Uni-
  versity of California Press.
            1972. Folk Narrative. In Folklore and Folklife: An Introduction,ed. Richard M. Dorson,
  pp. 53-83. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.
            1977. UFOs and How Folklorists Should Look at Them. Fabula 18:242-248.
Degh, Linda, and Andrew Vazsonyi. 1971. Legend and Belief. Genre 4:281-304.
          . 1978. The Crack on the Red Goblet or Truth and the Modern Legend. In Folklore in
  the Modern World, ed. Richard M. Dorson, pp. 253-272. The Hague: Mouton Publishers.
Devereux, Paul. 1982. Earthlights: Towardsan Understandingof the UFO Enigma. Wellingborough,
  Northamptonshire: Turnstone Press.
Druffel, Ann, and D. Scott Rogo. 1980. The Tujunga Canyon Contacts. Englewood Cliffs, N.J.:
  Prentice-Hall.
Eliade, Mircea. 1965. Rites and Symbols of Initiation. New York: Harper Torchbooks.
            1974. Shamanism. Princeton, N.J.: Princeton University Press.
Evans, Hilary. 1984. Visions, Apparitions, Alien Visitors. Wellingborough, Northamptonshire:
  Aquarian Press.
            1987. Gods, Spirits, Cosmic Guardians. Wellingborough, Northamptonshire: Aquarian
  Press.
Fowler, Raymond E. 1979. The AndreassonAffair. Englewood Cliffs, N.J.: Prentice-Hall.
            1980. The AndreassonAffair, Phase Two. Englewood Cliffs, N.J.: Prentice-Hall.
Friedman, Stanton T. 1987. MJ-12: The Evidence So Far. International UFO Reporter 12(5):13-
  20.
Fuller, John G. 1966. The InterruptedJourney.New York: Berkley Medallion Books.
Fund for UFO Research. 1985. Final Report on the Psychological Testing of UFO Abductees. Mt.
  Rainier, Md.: Fund for UFO Research.
Heide, George Hans. 1976. Dwarfs in German Folk Legends: An Inquiry Into the Human Qual-
  ity of These Creatures. Dissertation. University of California at Los Angeles.
Himmelfarb, Martha. 1983. Tours of Hell. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press.
Hopkins, Budd. 1981. Missing Time. New York: Richard Marek Publishers.
           .1987. Intruders.New York: Random House.
Hufford, David. 1977a. Humanoids and Anomalous Lights: Taxonomic and Epistemological
  Problems. Fabula 18:234-241.
            1977b. Ambiguity and the Rhetoric of Belief. Keystone Folklore 21:11-24.
            1982a. Traditions of Disbelief. New YorkFolklore 8:47-55.
            1982b. The Terror That Comes in the Night. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania
  Press.
            1983. The Supernatural and the Sociology of Knowledge: Explaining Academic Be-
  lief. New YorkFolklore 9:21-29.
Keel, John A. 1975. The Eighth Tower. New York: Saturday Review Press.
Klass, PhilipJ. 1988. UFO Abductions:A Dangerous Game. Buffalo, N.Y.: Prometheus Books.
Lawson, Alvin H. 1980. Hypnosis of Imaginary UFO "Abductees." In Proceedingsof the First
  InternationalUFO Congress, ed. Curtis G. Fuller, pp. 195-238. New York: Warner Books.
            1982. Birth Trauma Imagery in CE-III Narratives. In InternationalUPIAR Colloquium
  on Human Sciencesand UFO Phenomena, ed. Roberto Farabone, pp. 65-117. Milan: UPIAR.
Lorenzen, Coral, and Jim Lorenzen. 1977. Abducted!:Confrontationswith Beingsfrom Outer Space.
  New York: Berkley Medallion Books.
Lowe, Virginia A. P. 1979. A Brief Look at Some UFO Legends. Indiana Folklore 12:67-79.
170                              Journal of AmericanFolklore


Liithi, Max. 1976. Aspects of the Marchen and the Legend. In Folklore Genres, ed. Dan Ben-
  Amos, pp. 17-33. Austin: University of Texas Press.
Nicolaisen, W. F. H. 1987. The Linguistic Structure of Legends. In Perspectiveson Contemporary
  Legends, Vol. 2, eds. Gillian Bennett, et al., pp. 61-76. Sheffield: Sheffield Academic Press.
Ranke, Kurt. 1967. Einfache Formen. Journal of the Folklore Institute4:17-31.
Raschke, Carl. 1981. UFOs: Extraterrestrial Agents of Cultural Deconstruction. Corona 2:77-
  86.
Ring, Kenneth. 1982. Life at Death. New York: Quill.
            1985. Heading Toward Omega. New York: Quill.
Rojcewicz, Peter M. 1986. The Extraordinary Encounter Continuum Hypothesis and Its Impli-
  cations for the Study of Belief Materials. Folklore Forum 19:131-152.
            1987. The "Men in Black" Experience and Tradition: Analogies with the Traditional
  Devil Hypothesis. Journal of American Folklore 100:148-160.
Sanarov, Valerii I. 1981. On the Nature and Origin of Flying Saucers and Little Green Men.
  CurrentAnthropology 22:163-167.
Sprinkle, R. Leo. 1979. Investigation of the Alleged UFO Experience of Carl Higdon. In UFO
  Phenomena and the Behavioral Scientist, ed. Richard F. Haines, pp. 225-357. Metuchen, N.J.:
  Scarecrow Press.
            1980. UFO Contactees: Captive Collaborators or Cosmic Citizens. In 1980 MUFON
   UFO Symposium Proceedings, eds. Walter H. Andrus, et al., pp. 54-70. Seguin, Tex.: MU-
  FON.
Stahl, Sandra K. 1977. The Oral Personal Narrative in Its Generic Context. Fabula 18:18-39.
Strieber, Whitley. 1987. Communion. New York: Beech Tree Books.
Thompson, Keith. 1988. The Stages of UFO Initiations. Magical Blend 18:9-16.
Vallee, Jacques. 1975. The Invisible College. New York: E. P. Dutton.
Wilson, Clifford, and John Weldon. 1978. Close Encounters: A Better Explanation. San Diego:
  Master Books.
Zaleski, Carol. 1987. OtherworldJourneys. New York: Oxford University Press.
