{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-26T17:10:54Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 97024, "source_ctime_ns": 1790378221301210111, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1989-04-27_Baxter-Bulletin-AR_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790378221282575991, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1989-04-27_Baxter-Bulletin-AR_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "ac794bbda1ab3ca887211ff0f2691653d80769b80f83ac67777195044f96a91e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 586, "chars": 3678, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO conference draws comment
From Alleen Dreesbach,
Mountain Home:
I would like to thank The Bulletin for publicizing a conference on a
subject much of the media choose to ignore simply because some people
are prone to fear.
The April 14-16 UFO conference in Eureka Springs brought together
hundreds of believers, skeptics, serious investigators, psychics and the
optimistic and pessimistie curious. A steady procession of speakers
April 27, 1989
from the U.S. Air Force, journalists, publishers of magazines and
newspapers, reporters and newsmen, professors and engineers kept
the audience spellbound for three days.
Eureka Springs shows off the artistry of the old and modern
architecture with buildings that jut out from the hills and the streets
coil around into a maze as unpredictable and puzzling as the UPO story
itself.
Arkansas ranks high in investigation of UPO activity so one of the
speakers was a co-publisher of a newspaper from ashdown who spoke
on UFO's in Southwest Arkansas. Hejoined the author of A Strange
* Harvestiạa book on her 10-year investigation into cattle mutilations in
* cong the photo of the hates intent nor top a pera with
the usual removal
of parts with
laser-type incisions and no blood or visible tracks of humans or
predators. Residents report of a bright light in the direction of
Perryv
ille which always seems to accompany and precede th
ident.
Mount
Her book details her years of research and interviews with the
fa
mers and experts in the feld of pathology and hemato
opy to prove
her
r theories that some of the sighted crafts are alien labs collecting
samples of earth's flora and fauna.
Subjects by speakers, roundtable discussions and audience
ULLETI
AXTER
participation included abductee and contactee experiences,
government credibility and investigative journa
lism,
well-known
cases such as the White Sands incident and Gulf Breeze incident and
others.
A Journalist gave his report of UFO's in Latin America and ar
author-editor from Lincoln,
England, told his story with the dry.
of the British. He said UFO knowledge is not as easy to put
cize
overseas because
they are not fortunate to have a
ẠỊiFreedom of
formation Act.* He urged that here, the freest country in the world
that its citizens press for cooperation from the government and other
dia so that serious intell
gentinvestigators can extract that which is
true from that which is false, for any activity that be
opular has
its charlatans. The reason for the stepped-up activity is the fact that
earth's history. The Mutual UFO Network (MUFON, for short) is an
organization set up for intelligent research and dissemination of
information and support for those who experience some of the trauma
connected with some experiences.
Large on-screen photos accompanied the speakers and UFO's caught
by lucky photographers of the elusive crafts'kept the audience in
animated speculation as to the authenticity of the photos. Were they
real or a pie pan some hoaxer swung on a string? The serious
investigator always will find plenty of debunkers
One thing everyone seems to agree on and that is that UFO's are
real. We are a sister planet that has always been under surveillanc
from above because we are regarded as the bad boy in a classroom who
disrupts the others and doesn't listen to the teacher.
We still settle our differences by killing each other and destroy the
earth itself by greed and plunder. Our technology is far advanced over
our spiritual knowledge and now that we have nuclear weapons can
raise havoc in our galaxy. Another thing that the conference brings out
is that with freedom to speak and explore, the UFO mystery will not
long remain a mystery.
