{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-28T15:34:35Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 181680, "source_ctime_ns": 1790350073740867154, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1989-02-24_McCurtain-Daily-Gazette-OK_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790350073735210374, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1989-02-24_McCurtain-Daily-Gazette-OK_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "3435810fbd05d6201d087a08df9a98072c2e8056860b5295f62d99b5eed46bae"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1105, "chars": 6511, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
McCURTAIN DAILY GAZETTE, Idabel, OK - Feb. 24, 1989
They're Friendly, Too
UFOs Intelligent, If ...
If UFOs are alive and well in winged aircraft is just another military patterns around the tankers, some fast,
McCurtain County, here's a synopsis tool.
some slow, all depending on the
from the U.S. Space Command:
iLet's put it this way. In the past military practice maneuver. Some-
1. They're intelligent enough to three years no alien spacecraft have times one single aircraft might be
have built spacecraft out of materials entered the earth's atmosphere or left.
above the group looking for the ene-
other than any n
netals we know, and;
it unless they're totally undetectable.
my, and another single place flying
2. They're friendly.
Since 1985 when the U.S. Space
below the formation looking for mis
Capt.
Lloyd Tetault, USMC, who
Command took over checking the
siles or enemy attack from the
is Chief of Near Earth Satellite
skies and space around the planet, we
ground, Depending on what their or-
Processing at NORAD Center, Color-
haven't run into one,** the Marine
ders are, and what kind of simulation
ado Springs, Colo., gave this summa-
space observer said.
they're doing, then all sorts of weird
tion to the continuing UFO mystery
today.
Tetrault's job is identifying every.
scenes are visual, especially at night
thing above the earth up to and
with proper lighting and reflection.
On vacation from the nation's com
including
any satellite that goes
"One actual UFO scene 1 saw was
munication nerve center inside a around in 224 minutes or less. He said
mountain near Colorado Springs,
footage taken of a dish-shaped object
that was the physical number which
which turned out to be a little biplane
Capt. Tetrault and his two daughters put all satellites flying around the
under proper light reflection. It was
are visiting in Idabel with his wife's
earth under surve
ance.
revealed when the film was enlarged
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Voss.
Deep Space Division, a group of
about 20 times and it had a whole
Tetrault said since he had been
space traffic contr
ollers
alongside
town scared to death,ạỊ" he cited.
with the space tracking program for
Tetrault's group in the NORAD cen-
Tetrault said his command sight
tearly three years
iwe've neve
ler, takes care of everything spinning
two or three TIP objects each day. He
ound an object three feet in diamete
around the globe in a fixed orbit with
explained a TIP object as Tracking
or larger we didn't identify.**
the earth.
and Impact Prediction.
*All these
*No one
is right mind would
Ạạit takes 1,444 minuies for the
things up in space, and we're chasing
say intelli
't exist other than
communication satellites to make an
over 7,000 of them we know of, break
on this
one could say
orbit. That orbit is in exact correlation up, come down, look like meteors ...
for sure
beings do not have the tech-
with the earth and fixed exactly on all sorts of weird looking scenes, but
logy to come here undetected. But the equator. This way, satellites ca
we have the technology of telling the
we deal with everything around this
ick up and deliver TV signals to ou
planet's occupants within a few min-
globe that gets off the ground. Literal-
homes. If the satellite is off center
utes of when it's coming down and
by thousands of things each day are from the equator, then the orbit be-
within a hundred miles of where it's
flashed in a millisecond to the com-
comes elliptical and fixed antennas going to landằ_i
mand post. We just have not had would constantly have to move to
He said since two-thirds of this
anything show up we didn't run pick up a TV picture, he continued.
down,* he added.
globe is covered with water, and since
Tetrault was of the opinion that
Tetrault believes that more than 90 many military refuelling operations in
only one-eighth of the land mass is
percent of the UFOs sighted are either the sky at night have been distorted as
Inhabited, then chances of getting a
satellite fragments or aircraft of some UFOs. "Picture if you will two giant
piece of space material in your back
type.ạI remember the time when the
yard is about one in three million.
C-130s flying about 285 miles per
radar-proof stealth aireraft was super
hour, just hanging in the air to refuel a
*But it's our job to detect it and
secret. It was still detectable at close
roup of 12 to 15 supersonic F-16 je
predict it, We don't think much abou
range and caused quite a stir even
fighters. In this case while one F-18 is
UFOs because we deal in things we
inside the military community. But
slowed down and hooked up to the
can see. And we've just never seen
now the secret is out and the bat-
fuel tank, all the rest are in various anything we didn't identify," Tetrault
Marine Capt. Lloyd Tetrault looks over his map in Iaabel
today saying turkeys are harder to find and identify than a
piece of material the size of a wash-tub in space, Tetrault is
chief of satellite processing at Cheyenne Mountain, NOR-
AD Center, Colorado Springs, Colo. (Staff Photo)
said.
The Marine captain said the exten-
sion of the surveillance in the air is
live interception by Air Force planes,
standing ready across the country.
*Once in a while we have the Air
force pilots intercept a craft, but it'
ery seldom. But if anything at all i
there, we simply identify, it ... by
whatever means available,** he con
tinued.s
Tetrault said the two big pieces of
space debris which fell on land were
Skylab, which landed in Australia,
and a Russian craft which hit in the
icelands of northern Canada.
He cited the mystery of the North
ern Lights. **We finally took pictures
from spacecraft in orbit and discov-
ered magnetic forces of the earth were
simply heating up particles which
lowed, and the northern lights my!
try vanished, I look at the UF
problem the same way.
ạiI know if life somewhere is intel-
ligent enough to get here, they're
smart enough to zap us in a minute.
And they haven't, that is, if they're
here. So I'm going to deduce they're
friendly. Maybe they're so smart they
can't figure out how to communicate
with us. We may be cave man status
to them, ** he grinned.
Tetrault said he and the kids would
be soon headed back to Cheyenne
Mountain where he would don his
uniform, go through five check-
points, ride a bus a mile and a half
into the mountain, and go back to
work.
ạiA turkey in McCurtain County is
harder to find and identify than a
piece of junk the size of a washtub in
space. I guarantee that,** the youthful
career officer concluded.
