{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-27T18:59:37Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 154442, "source_ctime_ns": 1790155604539198410, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1989-03-19_Houston-Chronicle-TX-Pt-3-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790155604507828087, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1989-03-19_Houston-Chronicle-TX-Pt-3-_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "fb93f6e8b762723c3f462fcf526504d1b77110d833f2b489ad1d8723aa68b822"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1086, "chars": 6869, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*Before someone becomes a field
• Some abductees manifest physi-
These groups are individual unto
investigator, they must study our cal results - scars, bura marks,
themselves. They are easygoing and
Although some UFOlogists - as
academic researchers in the phe-
Field Investigator's Manual, which
bruises. Many of the examinations social in nature, a place where peo-
nomenon call themselves - believe
la a 160-page bookihe says.
Investigators first look for simple
reported are sexual in nature. There
ple who have had this experience can
sightings have occurred since man's
are reported cases in which abduc-
talk about it without being bothered earliest history, the modern wave
explanations of UFO sightings. After
tees are given CAT scans and what by UPO investigatorsiại
of sightings began after World War
witnesses are identified and inter-
viewed - if possible, at the site of
appear to be foreign objects are
"Hopkins, a MUFON member, la 'II, when people worldwide began
found in their brains.
more or less a &ạẠỌ¿ust-the-facts-
reporting strange lights, discs, cigar-
the incident - MUFON's represen-
Strieber himself says there are ma'am researcher.
shaped objects and - occasionally
tatives contact nearby airports, mil-
three such spots in his head.
Itary bases, weather service opera-
The primary investigative tol in the abduction taus and believes the
- strange creatures.
Not only were people seeing these
tions and police for further informa- such cases is regressive hypnosis,
abductors are conducting genetic
objects with their eyes, but they also
tion.
which purports to take subjects back experiments on humans.
were capturing them on film. And
Andrus says between 10 and 20
to certain points in their lives in
Strieber, on the other hand, has
radar operators often corroborated
percent of all sightings are deter- search of greater detail.
long had an interest in things meta-
visual, from-the-ground sightings.
mined to be of unknown origin
However, skeptics say hypnosis physical, and in both Communion
In response, the U.S. Air Force
official UFOs. The rest turn out to be
everything from heavenly objects -
can result in aucgestibility when not
and its recently published sequel, began Project Blue Book, the public
the planet Venus is a favorite - to
NOR ON estate esthe hypots Whether ta visitory see the in fuch ager investion of the
standard aircraft or weather bal-
believes his subject was snatched spiration for ages-old stories of fair- phenomena.
Toons.
away by beings from another planet, les and spirits.
According to federal documents
For years, MUFON investigators
Perhaps they are part of a parallel obtained by MUFON through the
happily spent their time looking into
assign to whatever is causing stress universe or dimension, he muses.
Freedom of Information Act, Pro-
relatively mundane sky sightings.
in his or her life.
But the recent explosion in abduc-
The use of hypnosis plays a key writer and editor, has just finished a three investigations conducted by
tion cases has tested MUFON in
role in the current controversy rag- book investigating Strieber's claims the government. The other two were
many ways
ạWe just don't have enough people
In the UP typon should be Tied Report on Commune th An
known as Project Sign and Project
to investigate all these claims," An-
used only as a therapeutic tool, and Independent Investigation of Whi-
Project Blue Book was closed in
drus complains, ¿Ạ¿We are just
tley Strieber's Visitor Experiences
1959 with the pronouncement that
swampedạẠi
"In my own case, the reason we it will be published in July by Wil
The abduction cases tend to follow
a specific pattern:
my output on coming tructured Conto believe the traditional
the phenomenon was no longer
worth studying. In January 1969, an
• Victims usually have stretches
according to my own expectationsiẠại
UFO community has been shaken to
'Air Force-commissioned study of
UFOs directed by the University of
of missing time, long periods for
Strieber, said in a telephone Inter-
Its roots by Strieber's approach and Colorado under the guidance of Dr.
which they cannot account.
view.
that professional Jealousy propels Richard U. Condon came to the same
One classic case involved two
Hopkins, on the other hand, be-
much of the controversy.
conclusion.
teen-age girls whose car broke down
lieves it's important toạẠạget to the
The UFO community has a fascina-
*The Condon Report." as the
on a deserted highway. After their
bottomiạof the UFO abduction cases.
tion with nuts study's results came to be known,
"Strieber wanted to end his hyp-
peared over the automobile the notic regressions and figure things
and bolts, the ultimately gave birth to MUFON.
out by himself, Hopkins sald. He
giris locked the doors and dived to spent his time speculating rather
te Conty said aid the deport and a dis posted
the car floor.
with the report and the govern-
The girls then blacked out, awak-
than investigating his own case."
ening side by side on a grassy strip
But ironically, it is Strieber's Com-
then that fros
reported settings they died the
fact that 19 percent of the UFO cases
several yards from the vehicle. Ap-
munion that has brought an ava-
proximately an hour had passed.
lanche of abduction cases to MU-
are earth foe
studied by Condon could not be ex-
plained.
• Abductees report a "screen
FON. The book, first published in
contribution
memory. When trying to recall cer-
1987, shot to the top of best seller
Strieber
has
ạiThat's a higher percentage than
tain incidents in their lives, they
instead see images of animals. Often,
The who never would dream of buy-
made has been
what MUFON comes up with these
dayiẠạỊAndrus said.
Conroy
those images fill them with a sense
of dread.
and read Communion.
ing a book about UFOs purchased discussioni
to-open up this
entire field for
• Abductees often exhibit classie
Strieber said he could&Ạạery easily
The question of UFO abductions
lights and objects seen in the distant
symptoms of post-traumatie stress
have become a guruạito the thou-
was considered unfavorably in the
aky. It was not until 1966 that the
syndrome - recurring nightmares,
sands of people who claim experi- UFO community. Much of the dis-
fear of being left alone, panic at-
ences similar to his.
dain is historical, stemming from
first typical abduction-and-exami-
tacks. One MUFON Investigator -
history professor David M. Jacobe of
these people into groups that have
"Te proto rope carture Fortan Solary, of aer boas
nation story burst onto the scene.
In his book, The Interrupted Jour-
Temple University - has posited the
formed all over the country." Strie- such as George Adamski, who
ney, John Fuller tells the story of
existence ofạiPost-Abduction Syn-
ber said.
claimed to have met long-haired
dromeạẠại
Ạ¿ have not made myself a leader.
beautiful people from Venus.
(continued on page 12) 11
