{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-28T00:42:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 147874, "source_ctime_ns": 1790306731084444823, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1989-12-05_Daily-Telegraph_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790306731079470670, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1989-12-05_Daily-Telegraph_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD.pdf", "source_sha256": "8987e7c73110a80984e0a7923ed1ec6731f0360d90f829e4a7ae6b8149aa9dd5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 695, "chars": 4267, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE DAILY TELEGRAPH, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1989 23
Cosmic wormholes: key to the universe
ADRIAN BERRY examines a blueprint for
carved piece of paper folded
sibility of hyperspace journeys
generated by each of them
changed his mind two years ago
would keep the tunnel open.
instantaneous travel anywhere in space
over upon itself.
while heiping the astronomer
There are two snags. First,
Carl Sagan with technical each sphere would have to be
FORGET the Channel Tunnel:
subtle and complex general the-
cosmologists have a much more
ory of relativity of 1916 states
far-reaching idea - an instant
trans-universe transport sys-
that matter creates the space
and time which surround it.
tem. It would get you from here
to Vega in no time at all.
This indicates that space has
an elastic, or warped character.
This feat, long held to be
impossible,
would
enable our
A large mass, such as a star,
causes space to curve in the
descendants to build a galactie
region immeaiately surround-
empire, assuming there is no-
ing it. This has long raised spec-
one out there to object. It has
ulation that a spaceship could
now received strong backing
disappear in one part of space
from leading space scientists,
and reappear immediately in
who have produced - on paper
another,
without passing any
at least - an engineering model
point in between.
to show how it could be done.
At the speed of light, so Ein-
stein's 1905 special theory of
see the bates 19i
equations, space has a "foam-
relativity goes, the length of a
like structure, Down at the
spaceship would shrink to zero,
scale of the Planck constant, the
enough, one could travel across
time on board would be eter-
smallest distance that can exist,
light-years through the hidden
nally frozen, and any further
a billionth of a trillionth of a
dimension of hyperspace.
acceleration would require infi-
trillionth of a centimetre, space -
This idea led Einstein and his
nite energy. Thus it is impossi
is permeated with tunnels or
colleague Nathan Rosen to pro-
ble to go any faster.
wormholes" like a Swiss
pose in 1935 the idea of an "Ein-
But there is a theoretical let-
cheese. Through one of these, if
stein-Rosen bridgeiạ that the
out: Einstein's much more
one could make oneself small
represent the
One ded the Earer auld
details for his science-fietion
some 50 million miles wide, half
novel, Contact. He followed this
the distance between the Earth
another, say, the star Vega, 26
with an exercise in rigorous the-
and the Sun. Morris believes in
light-years away, To travel
oretical form. With Dr Michael
treading cautiously. "Before
Morris, of the University of
sending people in a spaceship
Wisconsin, he has published a
through an enlarged wormhole
paper in Physies Review Let-
one would experiment by send
ters, a leading journal of theo-
ing a radio message," he says
dot, through a wormhole bridge,
retical physies, showing how it
ẠạChe wormhole could be much
would take no time at all.
could be done.
narrower and the metal spheres
much smaller. The successful
The most obvious mechanism
The Thorne-Morris solution is
or a journey through hype
not to shrink the spaceship, but
transmission of a message could
pace seemed to be via blac
to force open themouth of the
be the prelude to widening the
oles. These collapsed relics o
wormhole and the passage
hole further to send people.
with such huge gravita- beyond. Wormholes have a posi
sional heids that not even light Live electric charge, and positive
The second snag is that one of
the spheres would have to be
way to Vega and
Way hage and else our
can escape from them, are true
charges repel one another. A
installed at the other end of the
space warps. But it became clear
sufficiently strong electri
planned journey to generate the
that there was no way a space-
eld, forced down the worm
exit point. And it would have to
ship could escape being crushed
hole, could open it until wide
get there the long way round...
into nothingness by the point of
enough to admit a spaceship.
infinite density that lies just
inside the hole, Scientists
This could be achieved by
turned back to wormholes.
building two gigantic metal
spheres, both of them perfect
conductors of electricity, and
placing them several light-years
apart in space. The electric field
