{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-28T16:33:01Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 174118, "source_ctime_ns": 1790278720087983958, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1989-11-23_Western-Leader_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD_keyword-New-Zealand.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790278718946750956, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1989-11-23_Western-Leader_SUFOG-scan_SUFOG-DVD_keyword-New-Zealand.pdf", "source_sha256": "6473d14e0b07ec56166eecb1aafe97370f68491ab14ed3ee1afad08a851d68e7"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 548, "chars": 3392, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Western
Leader
Thursday, November 23, 1989 No.136
UFO mystery
BY DAVID SADD
A strange circular marking in
Waitakere beach
swamp has left people talking of UFO activity in west
Auckland.
The depression is similar to phenomena being reported
in England, Europe, the Soviet Union and Japan
While alleged UFO sightings are common over the
Waitakere Ranges this incident is apparently unique in
Auckland.
A perfect circle, about 3m in diameter, appeared in a
raupo swamp behind sand dunes in the small bay between
Karekare beach and the old Piha Tramway tunnelled
rock.
The raupo reeds are flattened into a circular pattern in
the middle of surrounding upright reeds, and appear
woven into an anti-clockwise swirl.
In England corn and other high standing grain crop
fields are the most frequent to be affected by this phe-
nomenon.
There, questions on the circular markings have even
been asked in Parliament with special government in-
vestigations called for.
The Karekare circle first appeared some time in Febru-
"However, it was not until later this year whenhout the
and the influential Time magazine, ran articles about the
overseas occurrences and theories of alien origin, that
west Aucklanders began making their own UFO associ-
ations.
"It is amazingly close to those overseas circles," says
one eyewitness, who has returned several times to look at
the Karekare phenomenon.
Even now, nine months on, the Karekare reeds are flat-
tened and seem woven. Those in the depression also now
appear greener than surrounding reeds
The reeds were interwined like something rotary came
down at enormous speed and wove the reeds together,
says the eyewitness, who does not want to be named for
fear of being labelled a lunatic
"People who are smarter than me think there's some-
thing very strange about it."
He discounts the obvious conclusion of a helicopter caus-
ing the pattern because the circle is within 2m of cliffs and
under overhanging scrub and trees.
Squadron Leader Gordon Habgood of the air force says
the closest a helicopter could safely fly to the cliffs is 6m.
The air force, usually notified by people of UPO
sightings, has no record of sighting in February either.
One man convinced of UFO activity in the Waitakere
Ranges is Oratia's Bruce Cathie, the former air force and
Air New Zealand pilot has tracked UFO sightings for 25
years.
He says the Karekare circle fits in with overseas mark-
A line is drawn around the unexplained flat spot in reeds
at Karekare.
ings, even down to the green centre while vegetation
nearby appears to die off.
He believes it was made by a mechanical object, possi-
ble an anti-gravity craft hovering
However Mr Cathie feels it is more likely to have bee
piloted by men than extra-terrestrial life. He says th
Waitakeres are a favourite area for overseas military t
engage in secret research of various craft
the ranges are also perfect for secluded drop-offs an
pick-ups of personnel. He say the military either test thei
own craft or alien craft that have been found by humans
However, one natural explanation of the mystery comes
from Dr Terence Meaden, an English physicist. Accordin
to the Time article, Dr Meaden puts the circles down to
previously unknown atmospheric disturbance.
He calls it the "plasma vortex phenomenon* and says a
pinning ball of air, highly charged with electricity, hit
he grain crops, or reeds, and flattens then
