{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T19:09:26Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 146490, "source_ctime_ns": 1790416618279892966, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1999-09-00_Christianity-and-Literature---Vol-48-No-4---Parks.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790416618274999313, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1999-09-00_Christianity-and-Literature---Vol-48-No-4---Parks.pdf", "source_sha256": "d2dfa8e3ce7c4049d636f5e059c390b0e5d3e6c443addd8c0a1f53847e69016f"}

542                                  BooK REVIEWS


Bloom as confessing that he "reread[s] Morrison because her imagination,
whatever her social purposes, transcends ideology and polemics and enters
again into the literary space occupied only by fantasy, romance, and of authen-
tic aesthetic dignity" (xi). Grewal assumes the contrary position, that Morri-
son's writing makes sense to the reader because of her politics, once again evi-
dencing her own preferences for isolating a political agenda. Unlike Bloom,
the aesthetic dignity of Morrison's work does not seem to attract her, although
she deals lvith it intelligently in spite of herself in many of the chapters.
    Grewal's book is always at its best when it stays closest to Morrison, whether
she is quoting from the novels or echoing Morrison's words from interviews or
speeches. Occasionally the tangled web of critics and their language ofideolo-
gies serves to muddy rather than clarify Morrison's intent. Perhaps therein lies
the one blind spot that Grewal brings to her text: she understands the "circles
of sorrow" and "lines of struggle" clearly, but she sometimes misses the daz-
zling beauty of Morrison's language and the healing joy experienced in shar-
ing her vision. In her chapter about Jazz, Grewal explores the dark side of the
black experience. She reports, "In/azzwe learn that underneath the busy days
of the present, black women conceal sorrow and 'the seep of rage. Molten.
Thick and slow-moving"' (127). Granting that position, Grewal does not seem
to "hear" the originality, beauty, and intricacies of jazz, the music that Rich-
ard Wright in Twelve Million Black Voices has called "a banner of hope flung
desperately up in the face of a world that has pushed us to the wan:·
    It also seems out of place to describe Morrison's work as "minor literature;'
particularly when Morrison herself painstakingly connects her work to the
great mythologies, archetypes, and scriptures of the past, including the Chris-
tian mythos. The wonder of Morrison's work is precisely that it has become uni-
versal, inviting connections to the human dilemma, not isolating it from
 humanity's story. Grewal 's position runs the risk of trivializing Morrison's work
 by suggesting that its content is any more or less social or political than the
 stories of Charles Dickens or Joseph Conrad ... or even Jesus.
    Morrison has it right in her critical essay "Playing in the Dark" when she
 argues that Africanism is inextricable from any current definition of
 Americanness. I would argue even further that such characters as Pecola
 Breedlove, Sula, Milkman Dead, Sethe, Paul D, and the remarkable Baby Suggs
 Holy have become literary counterparts in the human story .•. and the
 kindgom of God. Nonetheless, in spite of some limits of vision, Grewal's at-
 tempts to synthesize the work of the major critics of Morrison's novels into an
 organized whole is a valuable contribution to literary scholarship.

                                                                                   Darlene E. Erickson
                                                                             Ohio Dominican College

Children of Ezekiel: Aliens, UFOs, the Crisis of Race, a11d the Adve11t of
E11d Time. By Michael Lieb. Durham: Duke University Press, 1998. ISBN
0-8223-2268-4. Pp. x + 308. $18.95 (paper).

   In this well researched book Michael Lieb presents a thoughtful description
and analysis of how Ezekiel's vision of God has been appropriated by many
would-be prophets and gurus as well as by religious and political leaders in
American culture. Tracing its use from John Milton to Louis Farrakhan, Lieb
describes how the vision of the fiery chariot is a "defining moment" for the


                  Downloaded from cal.sagepub.com at SIMON FRASER LIBRARY on June 1, 2015
                                    BOOK REVIEWS                                           543

individual experiencing the vision and the development of his ideology. The
vision is the source for "the impulse to fashion a technology out of the ineffable,
the inexpressible, the unknowable" (3). The children of Ezekiel of the book's
title are those who seek power in the wonders of technology legitimated by a
transcendent vision. Most of these children of Ezekiel use the vision and its
technological manifestations as a basis to claim power and authority in a world
where they are mostly marginalized.
    The book is divided into two parts. The first, "Cultural Transactions and
the Poetics of Aggression:' has four chapters. The opening one discusses the
way that Milton portrays the chariot in Paradise Lost as a divine weapon to
counter Satan's technology, an instrument of divine anger and hatred toward
all who would try to thwart the divine will. Politically Milton draws on the vi-
sion to legitimate the righteousness of the Puritan Reformation: the Puritans
are instruments of the anger of God at those who blaspheme religion. Lieb cites
the efforts in the mid-eighteenth century of a German inventor, Melchoir Baur,
who sought patronage for the construction of a flying machine inspired by
Ezekiel's vision. In addition, the marvels of the Industrial Revolution, symbol-
ized by the invention of the locomotive, are given biblical authority by seeing
technology flowing from Ezekiel's vision. More recently, Ezekiel's vision pro-
vided a source for the name of Israeli tanks.
    In chapter two, "The Psychopathology of the Bizarre:· Lieb surveys the way
that Ezekiel's vision gets literalized as a UFO phenomenon. In fact, for some
scientists the vision is actually an attempt to describe an ancient astronaut and
his space ship. Popular culture is rife with images of alien contact, as seen in
the popularity of Steven Spielberg films and tales of alien abduction. It is
amazing that Lieb is able to write about these things with a straight face. But
the hunger for transcendence takes concrete technological forms as befits our
highly scientistic age. The formerly mystical and theological gets "explained"
by the application of scientific methodology: the heavens hold no secrets from
those who have the keys of interpretive truth. Moving from outer space to
cyberspace, Lieb discusses how the vision of Ezekiel is present in the new world
of computer technology as seen in such influential writers as William Gibson
and Norbert Wiener, as well as in the pop-mystical forms of"New Age" religion
and its obsession with technique.
    The many forms of "prophecy belief" and the obsession with eschatology
are Lieb's focus in his third chapter, "Prophecy Belief and the Politics of End
Time." Here biblical prophecy gets literalized and technologized by such
groups as Jehovah's Witnesses and those who predict Armageddon through
nuclear war. One of the most influential end-timers is Hal Lindsey, whose The
Late Great Planet Earth (1970) sold over 18 million copies and was made into
a film narrated by Orson Welles. A "prophet" heavily indebted to Ezekiel's vi-
sion, Lindsey seeks to read current political events as fulfillments of biblical
prophecy. In the fourth chapter, "Arming the Heavens:· Lieb shows some of the
scary political influences and implications of apocalyptic thought. Such think-
ing has infiltrated our foreign policy and defense planning. Ronald Reagan's
"Star Wars" plan reflected this mentality, as did a number of high officials in
his administration. Fantasies, prophecies, and pop culture came together
frighteningly during the Reagan era.
    The second part of the book, "Ideology, Eschatology, and Racial Difference:'
also consists of four chapters, all devoted to the rise and development of the
 Black Muslims from Master Fard to Elijah Muhammad to Minister Farrakhan.
Their belief system stems from each prophet having a vision similar to Ezekiel's,


                 Downloaded from cal.sagepub.com at SIMON FRASER LIBRARY on June 1, 2015
544                                 BOOK REVIEWS


whereby the vision of the fiery chariot becomes a giant flying machine, a
mother plane, which both protects the prophet and will bring destruction to
his enemies. Lieb acknowledges his access to the Nation of Islam during his
research, a fact that partly explains his rather uncritical treatment of the move-
ment and its beliefs.
    As information-packed as the book is, the reader may at times feel over-
whelmed by some of the detailed descriptions and at times redundant analy-
ses. Lieb seeks to be scholarly about pop or crossover cultural phenomena, to
treat intellectually what many thousands seriously believe. In one respect this
approach is laudable, presenting fair and careful descriptions. In other re-
spects, however, such an approach stays too much at a distance, withholding
judgments, evaluations, and interpretations, as would an anthropologist in the
field. Are there no bases to distinguish the ludicrous from the serious? While
Lieb concludes the book with a kind of joke, on the whole the tone of the writ-
ing is anything but light; it is clear but also rather plodding and ponderous. For
all the interesting material here, a reader may finish the book wishing the au-
thor had done something more. The tcchnologizing and materializing of
Ezekiel's vision since the seventeenth century is abundantly traced and de-
scribed. But the book shows little interest in exploring more interpretive ques-
tions such as why this vision is so pervasive and compelling now. Is the vision
a phenomenon of particular historical circumstances, of millennial influ-
ences? ls it part of a larger gnostic trend? ls it mostly or fully an American
cultural phenomenon? Is it something that poses a danger to the social order?
Who arc the critics or resisters to this technological vision? While apparently
a desperate form of faith, does it not reflect an abandonment of some central
theological doctrines? Why arc such apocalyptic visions so appealing to so
many? Is the existence of such bizarre forms ofbcliefan index of the failure,
in some sense, of theology to make relevant and credible a full biblical faith for
our times? A book that contextualized its material to explore some of these
issues might have been more speculative, but it might also have been more
provocative.

                                                                                         John G. Parks
                                                                                       Miami University


                 Downloaded from cal.sagepub.com at SIMON FRASER LIBRARY on June 1, 2015
