{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T21:21:43Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 18359, "source_ctime_ns": 1790703671382146479, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1999-11-26_Today-Show-transcript---keyword-UFO-John-Mack.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790703671346115180, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/1999-11-26_Today-Show-transcript---keyword-UFO-John-Mack.pdf", "source_sha256": "5caa677e56e9d260ea25a73ff035c6f4148ddc506e391a4d771a4b2a9999302c"}

Copyright 1999 National Broadcasting Co. Inc.
NBC News Transcripts

SHOW: TODAY (7:00 AM ET)

November 26, 1999, Friday

LENGTH: 1309 words

HEADLINE: HARVARD PROFESSOR JOHN MACK DISCUSSES HIS NEW BOOK,
"PASSPORT TO THE COSMOS"

ANCHORS: MATT LAUER; ANN CURRY

MATT LAUER, co-host: John Mack has been a psychiatrist at Harvard University for
more than 30 years now. He won a Pulitzer Prize two decades ago for writing a
psychological biography on Lawrence of Arabia. But these days his writings have placed
him on the academic fringe. "Passport to the Cosmos" is Dr. Mack's newest book. Quite
simply, it's about people who claim they've been abducted by aliens.

Dr. Mack, good morning. Nice to have you here.

Dr. JOHN MACK ("Passport to the Cosmos"): Good morning, Matt. Nice to be here.

LAUER: By the way, I should mention, not the first book you've written about this
subject. You wrote "Abductions" back in 1994. Why the need to go further on this
subject?

Dr. MACK: The first book was mapping the territory, establishing clinically that these
were people that were sincere, that, as far as I could tell, they were not suffering from any
mental illness and there was something that I thought we ought to take seriously. But
what I have tried to do in this book is to show what this means, what the implications of it
are, what happens to the people who have had these experiences. Also, to see that it
happens in other cultures, in other societies.

LAUER: Quite, I guess, important right off the bat is to ask you, do you believe these
people?

Dr. MACK: Well, that's my job as a clinician, is to assess when people are talking about
something, are they lying? Are they having some kind of delusion? Are they dreaming?
And as far as one can tell, these people are talking about something the way a normal
person talks about something that has happened to them, except for one problem, that,
according to our world view, it's not possible.
LAUER: But to say that they are sincere and that they're talking about it in a way that it
sounds like it happened to them, does not take it a step further to say you actually think it
did happen to them.

Dr. MACK: I think that they're describing truly and honestly with--with appropriate
feeling, with intensity, something that happened to them. In other words, whether it
happened exactly in our physical reality the way we think or has to do with some kind of
energies or beings from another dimension, that--that--those are questions to be explored.
But that something occurred by the definitions we have, or I have, of something
happening to somebody. Something has occurred.

LAUER: Some of your peers look at you and they say, wait a second, this guy is off the
wall. They've had--they--they go as far to say you're almost a patsy for these people. That
they seek you out because they know you have a sympathetic ear and they can tell you
these stories. And if you've proven in the past that you'll believe some of these stories,
well, why wouldn't you believe their stories?

Dr. MACK: Well, actually, in the last five years since "Abductions," science says--many
scientists of considerable repute have begun to see that the universe contains these
possibilities, that there are other dimensions, that it is possible for beings, entities, to
cross over, seemingly, from another dimension and to reach us. It's not as far out as it
seemed years ago.

LAUER: What's the most striking common factor in all the stories you hear? You've
interviewed more than 200 people about these experiences. What's the one thing that
almost all of them say to you that makes you a believer, that they're telling something
they believe in?

Dr. MACK: That something extraordinarily powerful has happened to their bodies,
physically, that they vibrate differently. There is some intensity, a powerful, emotional
element, and that they perceive some sort of beings that are there that move their bodies.
Now, whether they've literally been taken physically into space or not, that we don't
know.

LAUER: Some of them go further, doctor, some of them talk about having some sort of
sexual contact with these other beings, almost a reproductive type experience with these
aliens.

Dr. MACK: Initially, the experiences are often very frightening to people. But as they
push through this, it moves to another dimension. They may feel--experience information
about the fate of the earth going on, or they may form some powerful bond, as you
suggest, with one or more of these beings, some connection which often has an intense
transcendent spiritual, even sometimes erotic element in it.
LAUER: And you don't think after talking to these people that there is some rational,
explainable, mental condition or mental illness that they're suffering some trend toward
paranoia, toward fantasy, toward delusions?

Dr. MACK: That's right, there is not any evidence for that. In fact, we've done a study at
our program, PEER, the Program for Extraordinary Experience Research, where we
compared 40 experiences with 40 matched controls, and there was nothing in the
experiences that suggested mental illness, that they were disturbed in some way or that
there was something that could explain this phenomenon. It's an authentic mystery. We
don't know.

LAUER: But one woman did admit to Time magazine that she faked it with you. That
she basically used method acting and fooled you.

Dr. MACK: We don't know she really did that. This is a person that's kind of on the lam,
retreated from the public scene when she was under scrutiny and pressure. And it's not at
all clear that she really did do that. We--we don't know that she faked these experiences.
She claims that, but if he's already lied once, she could have lied again.

LAUER: Whether I choose to believe or not, why would it benefit me to read their stories
in this book?

Dr. MACK: The purpose of doing this work is to open us more to the idea that the
universe may be vastly more interesting, containing entities, energies, beings, that we did
not know existed. And when we open that consciousness--the reason I call this "Passport
to the Cosmos" is that then we open to a larger reality. We're not simply sort of earth-
bound in our consciousness, as if we were the top intelligence in the cosmos. We've come
more modestly to realize we're in connection with energies, beings, whatever it may be,
that is beyond ourselves. And that's--that would be a very healthy development for this
species, it seems to me.

LAUER: To get us to stop dismissing what can we can't explain.

Dr. MACK: Exactly.

LAUER: Dr. John Mack, the book is called "Passport to the Cosmos." Good to have you
here.

Dr. MACK: Thanks for having me here.

LAUER: We're back in a moment. This is TODAY on NBC.
