{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T14:42:50Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 111515, "source_ctime_ns": 1788556648410274034, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2002-11-00_The-Journal-of-Popular-Culture---Vol-36-No-2---Michael-Sturma.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788556648406276228, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2002-11-00_The-Journal-of-Popular-Culture---Vol-36-No-2---Michael-Sturma.pdf", "source_sha256": "4202263dbb9c93f8c038367f76f705e5e689f3563a9129a26629cf0c0c90b43e"}

Aliens and Indians: A Comparison of Abduction
             and Captivity Narratives

                       Michael Sturma
    Stories of captivity among North American Indians dating
from the 17th century in many ways parallel the more recent
narratives of alien abduction. Telling a story inevitably involves
elements of selection, and in both Indian captivity narratives
and alien abduction narratives the elements included are often
analogous. They share a number of common structures,
conventions, themes, and images. I will begin by outlining the
origin and some of the salient features of Indian captivity and
the alien abduction phenomenon. Next, some explicit compar-
isons will be drawn between the narratives of Indian captivity
and alien abduction. Finally, some interpretations of these
similarities are suggested.

                           Background
     The historian Richard Slotkin claims that the captivity
narrative provided America with it ﬁrst coherent mythical
literature (95). The earliest publication of an Indian captivity
story in the form of a popular book came in 1682. This account,
titled The Sovereignty and Goodness of God, detailed the capture
and life of Mrs Mary Rowlandson among Indians. Rowlandson
was kidnapped from Lancaster, Massachusetts, in 1675 during
King Philip’s War. Over thirty editions of Rowlandson’s story
were published by 1937 (Kestler xxv). By 1800 some 700
different captivity narratives were published in the United
States, and they remained a staple of popular literature into the
19th century (Schafer 49). Although captivity narratives have
been most evident in the United States, they appear to be a
common feature of many frontier communities. The stories
surrounding Eliza Fraser, captured in Australia by Aborigines
after a shipwreck, echo in many ways the Indian captivities
of America. The tales of beachcombers on Paciﬁc Islands
                               318
                                             Aliens and Indians  319

frequently ﬁt into this genre as well. For example Herman
Melville’s novel Typee, set in the Marquesas Islands, uses many
of the same plot devices only replacing the Indians with
Polynesians.
     Capture was a widely used tactic of Amerindian warfare. In
Native American culture, captives might be used to compensate
for the loss of relatives, replenish the population, serve a form of
psychological warfare, or be used to obtain ransom (Namias 4).
While the earliest Indian captivity stories were genuine ﬁrst-
person accounts, they were later manipulated by others for their
own motives (Slotkin 95). Puritan ministers used the stories to
warn of the wages of sin. Frequently captivity stories functioned
as a form of anti-Indian propaganda, especially in times of
conﬂict or as a rationale for acquiring Indian land.
     While based on reported experience, captivity stories easily
crossed the line into the ﬁctional and fantastic. From about
1750 many captivity narratives became more obviously ﬁctional
accounts (Slotkin 247), and provided the basis for many folk
tales and legends. For instance A Surprising Account of the
Captivity and Escape of Phillip McDonald and Alexander
McLeod, published in 1786, tells the story of two Revolutionary
War soldiers from Virginia. Their tales include being captured
by a ‘monstrous creature’ who takes them to a utopian
civilization which abhors violence (Quoted in Levernier and
Cohen 209). From the mid-18th century there was less emphasis
on the piety of the captive, and more on the cruelty and tortures
they were subjected to (Kestler xxvi). The so-called ‘‘Manheim
anthology’’ issued in 1793 became the ﬁrst compilation of
captivity horror stories published purely for commercial gain
(Berkhofer 85). Ann Eliza Bleecher is credited with writing the
ﬁrst captivity novel, The History of Maria Kittle, in 1797.
Fictional captivity stories reached their literary high point in the
19th century with the Leatherstocking Tales of James Fenimore
Cooper (Levernier and Cohen xxxviii, 230).
     Although the alien abduction phenomenon is relatively
recent, it arguably has earlier antecedents. For centuries some
individuals have claimed to have contact with celestial beings or
beings from another dimension. Stories of people kidnapped by
fairies offer some striking parallels with alien abduction. At
least from the 1950s a number of people publicly claimed to
have been contacted by visitors from outer space. George
Adamski, for instance, notoriously claimed to be contacted by
320  Journal of Popular Culture

beings from Venus who took him on trips to the far side of the
moon in their space craft. But whereas such ‘‘contactees’’ acted
on their own volition, victims of alien abduction are taken at
random and against their will (Randles 15). The ﬁrst widely
publicized case of alien abduction stemmed from the experience
of Betty and Barney Hill in 1961. An interracial couple, the
Hills reported some ‘‘missing time’’ while driving one night
on a remote road in the state of New Hampshire. Under
hypnosis they later recalled being taken aboard a space craft
where they were subjected to medical-type examinations by
alien beings.
    Some researchers attribute the details of alien abduction to
the inﬂuence of the mass media. Descriptions of aliens’
appearance have been directly linked to the 1975 television ﬁlm
The UFO Incident based on Betty and Barney Hill’s abduction
experience (Shermer 93). In different accounts the aliens assume
a range of sizes and colors, but most often they appear as small
grey creatures with huge black eyes as in the Hills’ story.
Showalter (191) claims that Bud Hopkins’ book Missing Time,
published in 1981, provided a template for other abduction
experiences. From the late 1980s alien abduction received
worldwide publicity with the publication of Whitley Strieber’s
best-selling book Communion, published in 1987. Abductees
sometimes concede their ‘‘memories’’ of abduction are triggered
by books, ﬁlm, or television representations of alien encounters
(See for example Mack, 145, 166, 242; Evans and Stacy, 283;
Hopkins, 4). The abduction phenomenon has been concentrated
in Western countries, with the United States the focal point of
alien abduction reports.
    In many respects, stories of Indian captivity and those of
alien abduction evoke similar images and narrative patterns. On
both counts the stories are by nature sensational and melodra-
matic. Both types of narrative have attracted a mass readership.
Early newspapers readily printed stories of Indian captivity, and
captivity stories provided much of the subject matter for the
pulp ﬁction of the day. Readers were horriﬁed and titillated by
stories of savagery. The subtitle of Mary Rowlandson’s
narrative promised readers ‘‘The Cruel and Inhumane Usage
she underwent amongst the Heathens’’ (Kestler 69). In an
analogous way, alien abduction has become a favorite topic of
modern tabloids and lurid paperbacks, as well as television and
feature ﬁlm.
                                           Aliens and Indians  321

                         Crossing Frontiers
     The central metaphor of both Indian captivity and alien
abduction narratives concerns crossing frontiers and the forced
experience of another culture. Stories of captivity and abduction
relate close encounters across cultural lines. In this process of
‘‘transculturalization,’’ individuals are detached from their
home society and situated in a new web of social relationships
(See Campbell 6). Whereas the captives of Indians were literally
placed beyond the reach of family and friends, the aftermath of
alien abduction is often psychological isolation (Mack 397).
According to writer Budd Hopkins (50) alien abductees
experience ‘‘an inevitable sense of isolation from those
who have not had to suffer through this truly unearthly
experience.’’
     The trauma of crossing frontiers is often magniﬁed by its
sudden and unexpected beginnings. In both the case of Indian
captivity and alien abduction, the narrative usually involves a
single individual, often snatched from a familial setting (Namias
172). Not infrequently their experience begins in some remote
and isolated spot. Whitley Strieber in Communion (19) has his
ﬁrst conscious abduction experience at an isolated cabin in
upstate New York. Many abductees claim to have been beamed
up to space crafts from their bedrooms or while driving at night
on desolate roads. In a not dissimilar way, the Indian captivity
often begins with persons suddenly kidnapped in the dead of
night. The captivity of Hannah Duston, for example, described
by Henry David Thoreau in 1849, begins when she is
‘‘compelled to rise from childbed, and half-dressed, with one
foot bare y commence an uncertain march, in still inclement
weather, through the snow and the wilderness’’ (Quoted in
Levernier and Cohen 157-8). Similarly the story of Susannah
Willard Johnson, taken by Indians in Connecticut in 1754, tells
us ‘‘in an instant a crowd of savages, ﬁxed horribly for war,
rushed furiously in’’ to snatch her from the family cabin
(Quoted in Kestler, 166). The capture of Frances and Almira
Hall follows a ‘‘sudden and unexpected’’ attack in which the
victims are unalarmed until the Indians enter their home
(Kestler 207). The narrative of Fanny Kelly, taken from a
wagon train in 1864, describes how the surrounding hills were
suddenly covered with Sioux: ‘‘This terrible and unexpected
apparition came upon us with such startling swiftness that we
had not time to think’’ (Quoted in Kestler 418).
322  Journal of Popular Culture

    The captivity/abduction usually begins with feelings of
helplessness and throughout their experience the captive tends
to remain passive. Typically the victim of alien abduction
becomes immobilized and experiences a form of paralysis.
Feelings of helplessness are a common motif. In his book
Communion (106) Whitley Strieber describes himself ‘‘as helpless
as a baby, crying like a baby, as frightened as a baby.’’ The
captives of Indians described similar feelings of helplessness,
sometimes using very similar language to alien abductees. Mary
Schwandt, taken in Minnesota by Sioux during an 1862
uprising, states ‘‘I became as one paralyzed and I could hardly
speak’’ (Quoted in Kestler 397).


                         Physical Imagery
      Part of the ordeal is a journey into the unknown. In Mary
Rowlandson’s story, after being taken by Indians, she states: ‘‘I
must turn my back upon the town and travel with them into the
vast and desolate wilderness, I know not whither’’ (Quoted in
Kestler 24). There may be a sense of wonder at the magnitude or
novelty in discovering the existence of a dimension beyond
normal comprehension. When Mary Rowlandson arrives at an
Indian camp, she reports ‘‘I thought we had come to a great
Indian town.y The Indians were as thick as the trees. It seemed
as if there had been a thousand hatchets going at once. If one
looked before me, nothing but Indians, and behind me, nothing
but Indians, and so on either hand’’ (Quoted in Kestler 33).
Describing her arrival at an Indian camp in an 1870s narrative,
Laura Hautville states: ‘‘The next moment a spot of ground free
of trees, and occupied by two hundred lodges, came into view. It
was a singular sight, and I am not equal to the task of describing
it’’ (Quoted in Levernier and Cohen 194). In the narrative of
Sarah Ann Horn, taken by Comanches in 1836, the size of the
Indian camp ‘‘deﬁes all description’’ (Quoted in Kestler 248).
We can compare this to the recollection of an abductee called
‘‘Catherine’’ who describes being taken to a huge ship with a
room ‘‘the size of an airplane hangar’’ with hundreds of
examining tables (Quoted in Mack 162). Another abductee
described a UFO light ‘‘as big as a baseball diamond’’ and
which lit up an entire woods (Quoted in Hopkins 146).
Some abductees have reported cavernous rooms which contain
                                            Aliens and Indians  323

hundreds or thousands of tanks with hybrid fetuses (Jacobs
133).
    For the most part the environment of the space craft where
abductees are taken remains indistinct. Whitley Strieber in his
book Communion (26) describes being taken to a circular
chamber where the predominant colors are ‘‘muted’’ tan and
gray. There is often the imagery of bright lights. The interior of
the space craft may include some computer consoles, but is
generally characterized by a blank whiteness (Hopkins 70).
Some informants, though, describe different scenarios. One man
refers to aliens carrying out procedures while he is on a table in
a subterranean room carved from rock (Mack 180). A New
Mexico woman claimed she and her son were abducted by aliens
and taken to an underground cavern she believed was near
Roswell (Evans and Stacy 156). In an analogous way, the
landscape of the Indian captivity narrative is mainly descri-
bed in abstractions. It becomes simply the ‘‘wilderness,’’ ‘‘a
dungeon,’’ or ‘‘a hell’’ (Slotkin 149).


                          Mortiﬁcation
     As an initiation into their new world, in both Indian
captivities and alien abduction narratives, captured persons are
frequently stripped of their clothing. Metaphorically they are
divested of the outward trappings of their own culture as they
cross into a new dimension. In the Captivity and Sufferings of
Mrs Mason, published as a broadside in the 1830s, the narrator
tells readers, ‘‘I fell in with a number of Squaws who
immediately fell upon me in the most desperate manner, beating
me and depriving me of my clothing’’ (Quoted in Levernier and
Cohen 97). The story of John Colter, published by Washington
Irving in the 1830s, begins with Colter ‘‘stripped naked’’ by his
Blackfoot captors (Levernier and Cohen 137). The captivity of
Sarah Ann Horn, captured by Comanches, describes her
children as stripped of their clothing and left ‘‘naked as they
were born’’ (Quoted in Kestler 248).
     They are also rendered totally vulnerable. In the typical
abduction scenario, the abductee feels paralysed and is often
laid out naked on an examination table. The captives of Indians
also frequently ﬁnd themselves prostrate and at the mercy of
their captors. The story of Juan Ortiz, captured in Florida,
states he was bound to four poles over a ﬁre (Levernier and
324  Journal of Popular Culture

Cohen 6). In An Affecting Narrative of the Captivity and
Sufferings of Mrs Mary Smith published in 1818, the treatment
of Mrs Smith’s husband by Indians is graphically described. His
tortures begin when, ‘‘They stripped and prostrated the
wretched victim on his naked back’’ (Levernier and Cohen
68). James De Shields’ account of Cynthia Ann Parker’s
captivity states that when the Comanches took prisoners, ‘‘they
tied their hands behind them with raw-hide thongs so tightly as
to cut the ﬂesh, tied their feet close together, and threw them
upon their faces’’ (Quoted in Kestler 274). In the narrative of
Jesuit priest Francis Joseph Bressani, taken prisoner by Iroquois
in Canada, he describes being stripped of his clothing. Bressani
states in his account, ‘‘By night I lay stretched on the ground,
naked and bound, according to their custom, to several stakes,
by the feet, hands and neck’’ (Quoted in Levernier and Cohen
28).
     Part of the ordeal of Indian captivity was often physical
punishment. Many captives were initiated by running a gauntlet
of blows from their captors (Axtell 71). Francis Joseph Bressani
hints at the debasing and invasive torments he was subjected to,
‘‘in such places, and of such a description, that it is not lawful to
describe them, nor could they be read without blushing’’
(Quoted in Levernier and Cohen 28). One is reminded of the
probes and other invasive instruments described in more
graphic detail by alien abductees. One Indian made a knife
incision on Bressani’s hand, while others clubbed him. Accord-
ing to Bressani’s story, the young Indians ‘‘beat me, pricked me,
plucked out my hair, my beardysome goaded me with pointed
sticks, some burnt me with ﬁrebrands, or red-hot stones, while
others used burning ashes or hot coals’’ (Quoted in Levernier
and Cohen 27). In both Indian captivity and alien abduction
accounts there is a sense of losing not only control but any
dignity. The account of Mrs Hannah Swarton’s captivity by
Indians in Maine, published in 1697, was aptly titled Humilia-
tions Follow’d with Deliverances (Levernier and Cohen 31).


                          Ambivalence
    Despite such litanies of abuse, Indian captivities and alien
abduction stories often manifest a profound ambivalence, both
toward the experience itself and one’s captors. From the
beginning, there were images of ‘‘good’’ and ‘‘bad’’ Indians.
                                            Aliens and Indians  325

In her New England narrative, Mary Rowlandson described her
captors as ‘‘wild, cruel, barbarous, brutish, (in one word)
diabolical Creatures’’ (Quoted in Berkhofer 84). Nevertheless,
while early Indian captivity narratives tended to depict Indians
as devils and demons, some portrayed them in afﬁrmative terms
(Levernier and Cohen xiv). From the middle of the 18th
century, Indians were frequently represented in a more
sympathetic light. The captive became more accepting of their
fate, and captivity became a form of initiation into the Indian
world (Slotkin 247, 450). The narrative of Sarah Wakeﬁeld, held
during the Dakota War of 1862, defended the integrity of the
Indians who held her captive (Namias 258). Some narratives
went to extremes in describing the idyllic life-style of Native
Americans and condemning their ill-treatment by white society.
The narratives of Mary Jemison, who lived among the Senecas
of western New York state, depict her establishing a new
cross-cultural family among the Indians (Namias 149, 172).
A Narrative of the Captivity and Adventures of John Tanner,
published in 1830, recounted the life of a boy originally
kidnapped at age nine who came to prefer life among Indians.
Such narratives are comparatively rare, however, either through
the captives’ illiteracy or a lack of desire to address a European
audience (Levernier and Cohen 97).
     The narratives thus reﬂect a wide range of responses to
Indian captivity. Some captives resisted assimilation into Indian
life and might take the ﬁrst opportunity to reek revenge against
their captors. Others came to relish their life with Indians and
expressed no interest in returning to white society. A similar
ambivalence is apparent in many alien abduction narratives.
According to Jacobs (76) the emotional state of abductees
during their contact with aliens range from enjoyment to
humiliation. Whitley Strieber (102) describes his feelings toward
the ‘‘visitors’’ as ‘‘fear, awe, even a sort of love.’’ Some
abductees profess to feel nothing but loathing for the aliens they
encounter, whereas others express ‘‘feelings of warmth and
closeness’’ (Hopkins 152). One female abductee reported that
when she touched the head of an alien, she ‘‘immediately felt
love, warmth and affection emanating from him’’ (Jacobs 33).
Alien abductees not uncommonly profess a profound love
toward their captors (See for example Mack 245, 290).
Frequently they report multiple abduction experiences in which
long-term relationships with individual aliens are formed. They
326  Journal of Popular Culture

may assign these individuals names, and come to regard them as
friends or even lovers (See for example Jacobs 177-78).


                         Sex and Difference
     Narratives of captivity and abduction are often sexually
charged, at least implicitly if not overtly. Stories of female
captives held by Indians inevitably conjured up sexual implica-
tions. The titles of captivity narratives alone are sometimes
sufﬁcient to suggest sexual undertones. Based on an incident
during the so-called Black Hawk War of 1831-32 in Illinois,
came Narrative of the Capture and Providential Escape of Misses
Frances and Almira Hall, Two Respectable Young Women
(Sisters) of the Ages of 16 and 18 (Levernier and Cohen 76;
Kestler 205). In Indian captivity stories it is the white woman
who most often ﬁnds herself at the mercy of ‘‘savages.’’ Her
sexual vulnerability at one level reﬂects anxieties about the
limits of European male power on the frontier and the fear that
white women might be seduced to the Indian side (Namias 272).
Indeed the capture of white women by Indians remains central
to many modern Western books and ﬁlms (Cawelti 75).
Frequently there is an emphasis on the sexual customs of the
Indians, contrasting the strict mores of Christianity (Slotkin
123). Some captivity accounts quite explicitly serve as a vehicle
for sexual titillation or wish-fulﬁlment. The lurid illustrations of
dime novels often emphasized their sexual subtext (Namias
102). The availability of sexual partners provided part of the
presumed attraction of Indian life. In Thomas Gist’s Indian
Captivity, Gist is told by his adopted Indian aunt that, ‘‘if I
wanted a wife, she would get a pretty young girl for me’’
(Quoted in Axtell 78). In The Life and Adventures of Nat Love,
Better Known in the Cattle Country as ‘Deadwood Dick’, the
protagonist claims he was to marry the chief’s nubile daughter
and that ‘‘all the squaws of this tribe were good looking’’
(Quoted in Levernier and Cohen 203).
     In some cases the captives form long-lasting liaisons with
Indians. Marriage to an Indian represented one extreme of
acculturation. Cynthia Ann Parker, taken by Comanches, lived
with Indians for twenty-four years. During that time she became
the wife of one of the war chiefs, Peta Nocona, and bore two
daughters and a son by him (Kestler 267-68). Again, captivity
narratives often capitalized on a popular fascination with
                                             Aliens and Indians  327

cross-cultural romantic relationships and forbidden intimacies.
A dime novel published in 1872 on the captivity of Mary
Barber, for example, is subtitled By Miss Barber the wife of
Squatting Bear (Namias 44). The subtitle of a ﬁctional account
about a white hunter published in the mid-19th century
explained the protagonist was Taken When Young by the
Indians and Bound by the Strong Chains of a Squaw (Namias
103). In the story of Mary Jemison’s captivity, what begins as a
forced marriage to an Indian develops into genuine affection.
‘‘The idea of spending my days with him at ﬁrst seemed
perfectly irreconcilable to my feelings; but his good nature,
generosity, tenderness, and friendship toward me, soon gained
my affection; and strange as it may seem, I loved him’’ (Quoted
in Namias 98).
     Alien abduction accounts often include explicit sexual
references, which would not have been permissible in the
context of colonial American literature. Some of the sexual
scenarios reported to Jacobs (76-80) by alien abuctees include
oral sex, forced sex with ﬁrst cousins and ‘‘Mindscan’’ induced
orgasm. Most frequently, the experience of alien abduction is
associated with sexual and reproductive ‘‘experiments.’’ Typi-
cally, abductees are forced to lie naked on an examining table,
where they are subjected to close visual scrutiny and the use of
penetrative instruments. They may be examined by a giant eye.
Reproductive procedures are frequently carried out. Male
abductees report having sperm samples taken. Women report
episodes of having eggs fertilized or harvested, human-alien
hybrid embryos implanted in their wombs and fetal extraction.
     Some abductees give explicit accounts of sexual intercourse
with alien beings. Although the aliens are typically described as
androgynous, in some descriptions they assume human sexual
characteristics. One male abductee, for example, describes an
alien as having ‘‘exquisite breasts’’ jutting from her metallic-like
tunic (Mack 60). A female abductee describes an alien captor as
having the ‘‘light contour of a penis’’ (Mack 210). Writer David
Jacobs claims that aliens can provoke intense sexual arousal in
men and women by using ‘‘Mindscan procedures’’ (Jacobs 19).
     Even the language used in Indian captivity narratives is
sometimes remarkably similar to later accounts of alien
abduction. The captivity narrative of Francis Parkman,
published in 1870, refers to the children of Indians and whites
as ‘‘hybrid offspring’’ (Quoted in Levernier and Cohen 145). It
328  Journal of Popular Culture

is a phrase frequently used in alien abduction literature. Some
abductees claim that they are shown the hybrid offspring of
humans and aliens. In the words of one abductee, the alien
breeding program results in ‘‘races, beings or whatever, coming
together to make another creation’’ (Quoted in Mack 131).
These cases of sexual merging with the ‘‘other’’ are often
interpreted in a positive way. In both captivity and alien
abduction narratives, love often transcends race and cultural
difference.


                    Spiritual Transformation
    The ordeal of captivity/abduction is not only cast in the
visceral terms of mortiﬁcation and sexualityFit is also
represented as a profound spiritual journey. Many Indian
captivity stories are essentially depicted as trials of the spirit.
The narratives assume a religious framework, particularly in
those cases where the captives are Puritans, Quakers, or Jesuits.
For Puritans, falling captive to Indians essentially meant falling
into the power of Satan. Their capture was interpreted as a
punishment for sin, while their survival reﬂected the grace of
God (Levernier and Cohen xvii-xviii; Kestler xxiv). Mary
Rowlandson, a minister’s wife, attributed her escape from
Indians to ‘‘the strange providence of God’’ (Quoted in
Berkhofer 84). Jesuits interpreted the captivity experience in
terms of obtaining forgiveness for their sins and furthering the
work of God. The Jesuit priest Francis Joseph Bressani, who
described his abuse at the hands of the Indians in such detail,
states he found consolation in that ‘‘God granted me the grace
of suffering some little pain in this world, instead of the
incomparably far greater torments, which I should have had to
suffer for my sins in the next world’’ (Quoted in Levernier and
Cohen 26).
    Alien abductees frequently profess a profound personal
transformation as well. John Mack, a Harvard psychiatrist who
has worked with abductees, refers to ‘‘the intense personal
growth and philosophical and spiritual opening’’ which
accompanies alien encounters (Mack 138). In the case of
‘‘Sheila’’ for example, her abduction experiences led her ‘‘to
recognize the negative consequences for herself as an individual,
and for the ecological balance of the planet, that our struggle for
dominance and control have brought about’’ (Mack 90). An
                                              Aliens and Indians  329

abductee called ‘‘Susan’’ professes that, ‘‘Since my experience, I
rejoice in being who I am, with no expectations of how I should
be, and complete acceptance of who I am’’ (Quoted in Jacobs
213). Other abductees report a range of life-style changes from
taking up vegetarianism and giving up smoking to discovering
healing powers (Evans and Stacy 264; Jacobs 214).


                     The Return and Warning
     In both the Indian captivity narrative and alien abduction
story there is generally an attempt to make sense of the
experience and come to terms with it. Often the captive or
abductee is profoundly changed by their ordeal, experiencing a
shift in personal identity. At one extreme they may come to
completely identify with another culture. Frequently those
returning to white society from a prolonged period of Indian
captivity feel alienated. In the popular mind they were ‘‘half-
Indianized’’ and sometimes committed to an Indian spouse
(Slotkin 98, 129). Alien abductees as well often articulate their
separateness from the society they live in. One woman from
Minnesota describing her post-abduction trauma states that
abductees feel ‘‘the pain of being different, as though we were
only ‘‘passing’’ as normal’’ (Quoted in Hopkins 198). According
to psychiatrist John Mack, ‘‘abductees feel that they are
somehow different or ‘‘other’’, that they do not belong to this
society’’ (44). Some describe themselves as ‘‘translators’’
between the two worlds of humans and aliens. They may even
profess having acquired a dual human and alien identity (See for
example Mack 108, 217, 228, 261).
     The experience of Indian captivity frequently suggests the
metaphor of re-birth. In the Daniel Boone myths, for example,
Boone emerges from his captivity experience with new qualities
of leadership (Slotkin 303). There may be more practical lessons
learned from captivity as well. Mary Rowlandson professed that
her captivity put in perspective the ordinary trials of life. ‘‘It was
but the other day that if I had the world, I would have given it
for my freedomyI have learned to look beyond present and
smaller troubles’’ (Quoted in Kestler 67). Alien abductees
commonly claim to have acquired some new knowledge or
insight as a result of their experience. For example, they many
times evince a new concern for the earth’s ecology.
330  Journal of Popular Culture

    Often an important element of the return to one’s original
culture is issuing a warning to others. Indian captivities at times
served as warning against the wages of sin. The Puritan
ministers, Increase Mather and his more famous son Cotton
Mather, used the captivity experience as a warning to their
ﬂocks that they must look after the state of their souls.
Otherwise, God might use the Indians to punish the wicked
(Berkhofer 84; Levernier and Cohen xix). Later the warnings
became of a more secular nature. James Axtell (86) indicates
that numerous captives evinced a degree of ‘‘conversion zeal’’ in
promoting the Indian lifestyle.
    Alien abductees as well often feel compelled to issue
warnings. Some believe that the alien presence is bent on the
conquest of Earth. They contend alien breeding programs will
result in an inﬁltration of human society by alien hybrids. More
commonly, though, abductees issue warnings about humans’
capacity for destruction and the Earth’s future (See for example
Randles 147). A common claim is that aliens communicate
concerns about interpersonal and state violence, the use of
nuclear weapons to settle disputes and the human propensity for
ecological destruction. Many report being shown scenes of mass
destruction or environmental catastrophe via telepathy or
sophisticated media presentations by their alien abductors (See
for example Jacobs 230). As a result, abductees often articulate
a heightened environmental consciousness, and proselytise
about the dangers of a future nuclear war or environmental
disaster.


                          Interpretations
    It seems that both captivity narratives and abduction stories
often reﬂect deeper anxieties and desires. Slotkin (98, 100, 179)
explains the early Indian captivity narratives as affording a
symbolic drama expressing Puritan anxieties about their place in
a new land. Individual captivity represented in a heightened
form the dilemma of the community. The white female captive
in particular often symbolized the conﬂict between wilderness
and civilization. June Namias (272) suggests the central role of
vulnerable women and children in so many captivity narratives
expressed anxieties about frontier migration, settlement, and the
confrontation with Indians. Levernier and Cohen (xxx) also
interpret the Indian captivity as a metaphor which embraced the
                                            Aliens and Indians  331

tensions and ambivalence of settlers on the border of civilization
and wilderness. At least in part, abduction narratives may be
interpreted as reﬂecting deeper anxieties as well. Signiﬁcantly,
the ﬁrst reports of modern UFOs followed demonstrations of
the destructive potential of atomic energy and the growing
tensions of the Cold War. Many abductees express concerns
about the Earth’s future and humanity’s ability to overcome
ethnic and cultural boundaries (Mack 213).
     June Namias (10-11) argues that Indian captivity stories
were used to reﬂect on cultural and gender identity, particularly
in periods of uncertainty and change. Alien abduction, too, may
be interpreted partly in terms of identity. Psychiatrist John E.
Mack introduces his book on alien abduction with the
observation that the abduction phenomenon forces us ‘‘to re-
examine our perception of human identityFto look at who we
are from a cosmic perspective’’ (x). In one form or another,
Earth’s salvation is also frequently linked by abductees to the
question of identity. For example, one of Mack’s informants
claims, ‘‘If human beings were empathetic and learn to identify
with that which is not themselves, then they will be less
predatory and destructive’’ (Quoted in Mack 368). According to
Mack (408), ‘‘Each abductee experiences in some sense an
expansion of his or her sense of self, of identity in the world.’’
     While in popular culture alien abduction tends to be
explained in terms of people taken by visitors from outer space,
alternative explanations for the phenomenon are numerous.
Some researchers suggest that the phenomenon arises from
altered states of consciousness fed by the representations of
science ﬁction (Shermer 95). Others have argued that abduction
narratives serve to mask cases of sexual abuse or multiple
personality disorders. More subtly, Elaine Showalter (193, 199)
suggests women may use alien abduction as an explanation for
their own sexual feelings, ‘‘in a culture which still makes it
difﬁcult for women to accept their sexuality.’’
     As Showalter (6) points out, one of the strongest arguments
put forward for the reality of alien abduction is the narrative
similarities of accounts. UFO writer Budd Hopkins (5, 44)
insists abduction accounts must be taken seriously because of
the consistent patterns reported in separate cases. David Jacobs,
in his book Alien Encounters, argues that accounts of abduction
exhibit ‘‘a chronology, structure, logicFthe events made
senseyand they displayed an extraordinary internal consistency’’
332  Journal of Popular Culture

(Quoted in Showalter 6). John Mack points to a similar con-
clusion. While acknowledging ‘‘individual differences’’, he
asserts ‘‘what I have found to be so extraordinary from the
beginning of my study has been the readily identiﬁable patterns
that emerge when the case narratives are examined carefully’’
(Mack 389).
     In some respects stories of alien abduction resemble the
ascension myths of many cultures in which humans ascend to
the heavens. Jacques Vallee and Carole Silver compare the UFO
phenomenon to the folklore associated with fairies in Celtic
tradition. Whitley Strieber (110), for one, acknowledges the
similarities between his own experiences and fairy lore. Like
beings from ﬂying saucers, fairies were attributed with powers of
transporting people, causing lapses of time and intervening in
human affairs. In James Hogg’s famous fairy abduction poem
‘‘Kilmeny,’’ for instance, the protagonist returns from the fairy
realm to let mortals know they are watched over by kindred
spirits (Silver 16). Budd Hopkins (194) makes much of the fact
that the stories of abductees do not ﬁt ‘‘the black and white
certainties of popular fantasy and imagination.’’ But in fact
there is considerable ambiguity in the history of fairy abduction
narratives, while the fairies themselves continually metamor-
phose in form and purpose.
     In the case of the alien abduction phenomenon, the key
element may be not so much visitors from another dimension,
but the pattern of captivity and transculturalization. The
abduction phenomenon takes on new meaning when interpreted
in the broader context of captivity narratives which exhibit a
similar logic and consistency. Mack describes abduction
narratives as having ‘‘no obvious symbolic pattern’’ (2). Yet
this seems contradicted when abduction accounts are considered
in the wider context of captivity narratives. Indeed, part of
Mack’s own criteria for the cases included in his study
Abduction is that their stories ‘‘permit a coherent narrative’’
(80).
     Whether alien abduction is grounded in ‘‘reality’’ as some
writers insist, or the product of fantasy, confabulation, and false
memory as others argue, narrative accounts of alien abduction
draw on deeper literary traditions. As already noted, the
folklore surrounding fairies in Celtic tradition anticipate many
of the features of alien abduction narratives. At least in the
American context, however, it is possible that frontier captivity
                                              Aliens and Indians  333

narratives provide a more characteristic template for alien
abduction stories. By the 20th century beliefs in fairies and other
elﬁn creatures were eroded in large part by the elevation of
science in popular consciousness (Silver 185). On the other
hand, the mythical power once held by the Western frontier has
been arguably transferred to the ‘‘ﬁnal frontier’’ of outer space
(See Cawelti 11-12). Signiﬁcantly, writers on alien abduction
frequently take up the metaphor of the frontier. David Jacobs
(29) describes abductees as ‘‘scouts’’ who bring back vital
information. Both Mack (421) and Hopkins (202) refer to alien
abductees as ‘‘pioneers’’. The abductee assumes a special status
at society’s cultural margins. It is perhaps signiﬁcant that the
modern abduction phenomenon is usually traced from the
experience of an interracial couple, Barney and Betty Hill. In the
early 1960s their marriage, between an African-American man
and white woman, already challenged conventional cultural
norms. Their story of alien abduction and reproductive
experimentation, in a sense, elevated their transculturalization
from a personal to a cosmic level. Viewed in this context,
accounts of alien abduction may be taken as symptomatic of the
tensions of identity and consciousness, which at least some
individuals experience in the late twentieth century ‘‘space age.’’


                           Works Cited

Axtell, James. ‘‘The White Indians of Colonial America.’’ William and
    Mary Quarterly 3 (1975): 55-88.
Berkhofer, Robert F., Jr. The White Man’s Indian: Images of the
    American Indian from Columbus to the Present. New York: Alfred
    A. Knopf, 1978.
Campbell, I.C. ‘‘Gone Native’’ in Polynesia: Captivity Narratives and
    Experiences from the South Paciﬁc. Westport, Conn.: Greenwood,
    1998.
Cawelti, John. The Six Gun Mystique. Bowling Green, Ohio: Bowling
    Green State U Popular P, 1984.
Evans, Hilary, and Stacy Dennis, (eds). A World History of UFOs.
    Sydney: Red Sparrow, 1998.
Hopkins, Budd. Intruders: The Incredible Visitations at Copley Woods.
    New York: Random House, 1987.
Jacobs, David M. The Threat. New York: Simon and Schuster, 1998.
334  Journal of Popular Culture

Kestler, Frances Roe, (ed.). The Indian Captivity Narrative: A Woman’s
    View. New York: Garland, 1990.
Levernier, James, and Henning Cohen, (eds). The Indians and their
    Captives. Westport, Conn.: Greenwood, 1977.
Mack, John E. Abduction: Human Encounters with Aliens. London:
    Simon and Schuster, 1994.
Namias, June. White Captives: Gender and Ethnicity on the American
    Frontier. Chapel Hill: U of North Carolina P, 1993.
Randles, Jenny. Abduction: Over 200 Documented UFO Kidnappings
    Investigated. London: Robert Hale, 1988.
Shermer, Michael. Why People Believe Weird Things: Pseudoscience,
    Superstition and Other Confusions of Our Time. New York: W. H.
    Freeman, 1997.
Showalter, Elaine. Hystories: Hysterical Epidemics and Modern Media.
    New York: Columbia UP, 1997.
Silver, Carole G. Strange and Secret Peoples: Fairies and Victorian
    Consciousness. New York: Oxford UP, 1999.
Slotkin, Richard. Regeneration Through Violence: The Mythology of the
    American Frontier 1600-1860. New York: Harper Perrenial, 1996.
Strieber, Whitley. Communion. New York: Beech Tree, 1987.
Vallee, Jacques. Passport to Magonia: From Folklore to Flying Saucers.
    Chicago: Henery Regnery, 1969.

Michael Sturma is Senior Lecturer in History at Murdoch University,
Perth, Western Australia.
