{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T11:39:19Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32469, "source_ctime_ns": 1790681560950261496, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20040511-Re_BULLSHIT-Update_-April-27-2004-53268.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790681560944028958, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20040511-Re_BULLSHIT-Update_-April-27-2004-53268.pdf", "source_sha256": "50081c673ca1723bbba743b39f4823932e8167da9b2c2f34a46e23028eb7fd08"}

GALACTIC FEDERATION Update: April 27, 2004


  Subject: GALACTIC FEDERATION Update: April 27, 2004
  From: rem460@aol.com
  Date: 11/05/2004, 21:13
  Newsgroups: alt.alien.research,alt.conspiracy.area51,alt.politics.reform,sci.econ,alt.alien.visitors


  Update from The REAL Galactic Federation and The Spiritual Hierarchy
       April 27, 2004   2 Akbal, 16 Kank'in, 12 Manik
  Communicated thru Sheldan Nidle of The Planetary Activation Organization
       http://www.paoweb.com/updates.htm
        Selamat Jarin! We return with more to talk about. In the past few
  messages, we have discussed the events being prepared to appear before
  you. Our Earth allies are moving swiftly to manifest these glorious
  denouements. Our task has been to help prepare those who will form the
  transitional governments for what lies ahead. Our ambassadorial and
  liaison teams have briefed your military, legislative, financial, and
  key governmental officials on what is expected of them by the Ascended
  Masters. We also outlined a number of possible scenarios regarding the
  official announcing of our existence. Moreover, those in your
  government not yet privy to the vast inventory of exotic devices and
  technologies developed by your secret rulers were truly astounded by
  what it contained. We also presented them with an outline of all those
  discoveries, especially of the last century, that were suppressed
  either by governments, under a 'declaration of national security', or
  by multi-national corporations. All these technologies are to provide
  the basis for what we intend to share with you after first contact is
  done.
       First contact has already begun in the form of daily briefings
  with our Earth allies and their valiant supporters. These meetings are
  resulting in the mutual respect and acknowledgement that is vital for
  the success of our joint mission. We have also taken some of your high-
  ranking military leaders on guided tours of our command mother ship and
  explained our role and intentions in great detail. They have been most
  supportive. During these visits, they were introduced to the many
  technologies that we intend to provide them with, so that they can
  successfully complete their upcoming endeavors. All is going well, and
  we are now in the final stage of this pre-operational phase. We are
  looking forward to momentous, impending events. Our fleet is now
  exchanging the final operating codes, and we await the moment when our
  Earth allies start the execution of their plans. Our fleet, as always,
  is standing by to assist when called upon. Within this context, we have
  also stepped up our monitoring of key underground bases and other
  related facilities associated with your secret government.
       Furthermore, we are continuing our 'deep space' monitoring of the
  military and commercial communication systems that will be used for the
  announcements of the change in government. Also under close
  surveillance, to prevent any possible interference, are the delivery
  systems for your abundance programs. Keeping these lines operational is
  vital to the success of the mission. Another crucial element is the
  condition of Mother Earth. Our geological teams are monitoring the
  various key 'hot spots' around your globe. Your secret government has
  been attempting for the last year to cause a geological catastrophe in
  order to gain time to carry out its own agendas. We fully expect these
  desperate measures to continue and have, therefore, deployed the
  appropriate countermeasures to prevent their success. These 'cat and
  mouse' games with your secret government are daily increasing in size
  and scope. As their nefarious plans fail to manifest, your last
  arrogant cabal is not being discouraged; they feel it is their duty to
  resist to the end.
       This fear of their final defeat has motivated this cabal to keep
  their artificial war on terrorism in full gear. Their resulting global
  incursions have caught your world in a viselike grip that has slowed
  down the movement of money, debentures, and many other important
  financial instruments. These ever-changing harassments forced many
  governments to adopt a number of harsh measures that appear to support
  this last cabal's illegal and criminal activities but which are, for
  the most part, only placatory gestures to lull this cabal into
  believing it still has some influential supporters. In truth, much is
  being secretly set in place that will allow your world to switch over
  rapidly to a new financial and monetary system. Money has been printed
  around the world that will reflect currencies based on precious metals.


20040511-Re_BULLSHIT Update_ April 27, 2004-53268.html[12/03/2022 10:12:33]
GALACTIC FEDERATION Update: April 27, 2004

  Debt forgiveness at a national level has been established, as the
  present yoke of repressive national debt is [NOT] necessary to the
  global financial abundance required by Master Saint Germain.
       You are in the midst of far-reaching changes that are to alter how
  your world works on all levels, the pivotal basics for this are already
  laid: a new financial system is secretly in place; massive, global
  debt-forgiveness was agreed to; sweeping financial compensation to your
  so-called second- and third-world nations was authorized. Several
  medical task forces are being created to fight a number of fatal
  diseases. In this endeavor, we look forward to making full use of our
  medical teams and their technologies. The diseases ravaging many parts
  of your globe are part of the evil plans forged decades ago by this
  last cabal and many of its former associates. The ills these diseases
  brought can be reduced. Indeed, the spread of these vile instruments of
  death can be stopped. In short, these global planners intend to bring
  you an amazing, new world.
       This new world is now moving from the planning stages into
  manifestation. The final, crucial element is ridding this last cabal of
  its present position of great power. The actions of your age-old secret
  rulers upon the Earth and her peoples can be compared to a giant
  octopus prizing open a large clam so that it can devour its prey.
  However, these many dark tyrants who have long ruled over you are now
  either changing over to the Light, or else arrogantly attempting to
  regain their former positions of power. This last cabal is an example
  of the latter. It is desperately doing all it can to carry on, but all
  its efforts are failing. This it well knows, and yet it presses on.
  Forces dedicated to ending its malevolent rule are mustering in ever-
  increasing numbers.
       So far, we have discussed the events being prepared behind the
  scenes to transform your world and have given you a glimpse of what we
  are doing to hasten their manifestation. However, the last stage of
  this operation includes you. Each of you needs to be ready to assist
  our Earth allies in the great task they have taken on. We ask you to
  support them by preparing for what lies ahead. Be ready to do whatever
  is necessary. Decide how you will wish to contribute, and formulate a
  step-by-step plan of action. Brief your immediate communities about
  possible ways to inform, reassure, and assist where needed when these
  startling announcements are broadcast to the world. And afterwards, be
  ready to greet us and help your community to understand that their
  benevolent space family has arrived to help them in a divinely
  instigated process of transformation back into fully conscious Beings
  of Light.
       This message is intended to help you understand the immensity of
  what is happening. This 'quiet revolution' took a few decades to cook
  and be ready to serve. Our initial intention was to accomplish this
  first contact with you in just a few years. Instead, we became part of
  a complex procedure begun millennia ago by your Ascended Masters. They
  came into embodiment on this planet many times to ensure that their
  plans were properly set in motion. In this they were manifestly
  successful, as the far-reaching changes unfolding around you attest to.
  This even included the turning of your former off-world masters, the
  Anunnaki, toward the Light (now Annanuki) nearly a decade ago. It was
  this process and the wise council of your Ascended Masters that greatly
  lengthened the duration of this first contact mission. Nevertheless, we
  are grateful to our heavenly hosts and await our inevitable
  celebrations!
       Today, we have discussed what is happening on your world. We ask
  you to stay focused and committed to action and success. Never forget,
  dear Ones, Together, We are Victorious! We now take our leave!
  Blessings! Be ever aware that the world in which you live is
  approaching a most auspicious series of changes! Know in your Heart of
  Hearts that the perpetual Supply and infinite Abundance of Heaven is
  indeed Yours! Selamat Gajun! Selamat Kasijaram! (Sirian for Be One! and
  Be Blessed in Love and in Joy!)
  Planetary Activation Organization
  http://www.paoweb.com
  This copy was reposted by Robert E. McElwaine
                            PAO Member
                            Eckankar Initiate
                            B.S., Physics and Astronomy, UW-EC
                     http://members.aol.com/rem547 PLUS
                     http://members.aol.com/rem460
  See also http://www.paoweb.com/sn122600.htm ,


20040511-Re_BULLSHIT Update_ April 27, 2004-53268.html[12/03/2022 10:12:33]
GALACTIC FEDERATION Update: April 27, 2004

               http://www.disclosureproject.org .
  P.S.: PASS IT ON !


20040511-Re_BULLSHIT Update_ April 27, 2004-53268.html[12/03/2022 10:12:33]
