{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T13:24:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32078, "source_ctime_ns": 1790707448309234537, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20040413-Re_GALACTIC-FEDERATION-Update_-March-30-2004-53228.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790707448185482375, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20040413-Re_GALACTIC-FEDERATION-Update_-March-30-2004-53228.pdf", "source_sha256": "781159c101ae081d2ad7e99677257363f469e746c334d25738f50798106327d3"}

GALACTIC FEDERATION Update: March 30, 2004


  Subject: GALACTIC FEDERATION Update: March 30, 2004
  From: rem547@aol.com
  Date: 13/04/2004, 21:05
  Newsgroups: alt.fan.art-bell,alt.alien.research,alt.conspiracy.area51,alt.alien.visitors,alt.conspiracy


  Update from The REAL Galactic Federation and The Spiritual Hierarchy
       March 30, 2004   13 Men, 8 Mac, 12 Manik
  Communicated thru Sheldan Nidle of The Planetary Activation Organization
       http://www.paoweb.com/updates.com
       Greetings, dear Hearts! We return with more interesting subjects
  to discuss with you. Lately, your world has been on the verge of great
  governmental and financial changes. These alterations are part of a
  procedure that also includes an immense worldwide abundance program. In
  addition, this operation will mark the first time that the various
  militaries of North America have supported the ouster of their
  government. The peoples of this world can no longer tolerate the
  illegal actions of this last cabal and, especially, its ever-growing
  global belligerence. However, these actions engendered the coming
  together of a broad national and international coalition aimed solely
  at driving this destructive clique from power. This goal has obtained
  the full approval of Mother Earth's Ascended Masters. It is essential
  that a time of peace and growing cooperation be now formally
  established upon your world. With this peace assured and with
  governments in power aligned with Heaven's divine cause, a formal
  termination of the long-standing UFO cover-up can finally ensue.
       These developments can signal the start of the initial period we
  briefly referred to in our last message. It is important to set up an
  agenda that emphasizes peace and global cooperation. It can make
  possible the sharing of new technological resources. Your secret
  governments possess a large inventory of exotic technologies capable of
  resolving your present pollution problems as well as new modes of
  transportation. These can not only teleport individuals to any spot on
  the Earth instantly, but also move large cargoes across your world at
  incredible speeds. Further, a whole slew of communication and free
  energy devices exist which can liberate you from the use of fossil
  fuels and end the need for televisions, radios, and phones, which emit
  dangerous amounts of radiation. These devices are jam-proof and spy-
  proof and are based on crystal light technologies that work by
  effecting communications between the natural brain-wave patterns of
  each individual -- a precursor of direct telepathy. Other devices, not
  yet discussed, can be made available in addition to our own Galactic
  Federation technologies.
       Our contribution is to oversee the complete disclosure of this
  amazing inventory. We also intend to provide you with technologies that
  can allow you to rebuild your cities and urban areas within mere days
  or weeks, instead of years. All 'solid objects' on your world are made
  of reconstituted energies and given the appearance of solidity. Hence,
  whole buildings, for example, and their component parts are in essence
  3-D mental constructs -- your collective belief in what they are makes
  them exist in a specific state. Our technology takes these constructs
  and in a flash materializes them. Food, clothing, houses, even large
  buildings, can be produced in the twinkling of an eye. This can end
  your reliance on the manufacturing and construction industry and even
  on agriculture. The defining element becomes your own personal
  creativity and collective design concepts. These technologies stress
  consciousness. This term goes beyond mere awareness; it is founded on
  creativity and attitude to life. This world is only a collective
  illusion, which can be altered by positive and detailed 'thoughts'
  (intentions).
       As you move through this initial period of change, much will be
  revealed to you about the cruel and immoral nature of this last cabal.
  It mercilessly killed thousands of innocent citizens during its
  September 11th, 2001 terror attack. The originators of this terrorism
  were not foreigners, but a special group within the secret government's
  special operations division. The purposes of this attack were to
  complete an attempt at taking full control of your government and to
  disempower those who were seeking the removal of this cabal from
  office. This special ops division also intended to 'stage' a number of
  subsequent 'terrorist' attacks which they had hoped would result in the
  complete overthrow of your Constitution. This would have put this cabal


20040413-Re_GALACTIC FEDERATION Update_ March 30, 2004-53228.html[12/03/2022 10:12:31]
GALACTIC FEDERATION Update: March 30, 2004

  in a position of immense global power. However, action taken jointly by
  our Earth allies and by us prevented the last parts of this scenario
  from ever occurring.
       Our primary intention is to oversee a first contact that includes
  a further unveiling of your Constitution and its amended pledge to
  permit the flowering of your natural, unalienable rights. These rights
  form the foundations of what the Ascended Masters intend as the
  beginnings of your galactic society. This society needs to take
  responsibility for allowing the grand potential of every person to be
  manifested on Earth. A galactic society is also designed to nurture and
  sustain Mother Earth and her complex, fragile eco-system. With this in
  mind, the Governing Council of Agharta intends to show you how this can
  be easily and lovingly accomplished. The next stage in your history is
  one for disclosure and learning, and for you to discover that your
  global society is not alone. It forms only a part of all those humans
  who have lived on or within Mother Earth for untold millennia.
       Agharta and its capital of Shamballah are eager for this right
  divine time of disclosure and cooperation to begin. They have formed
  special committees relegated to assisting you with your earthly tasks
  of divine devotion. Mother Earth needs to change her surface
  configuration and the composition of her atmosphere. A new firmament
  needs to be put in place above you, and a number of now-submerged
  continents and other surface features need to see again the bright
  light of day. This will necessitate major Earth changes comprising
  enormous seismic and volcanic upheavals, and obviously you will need to
  be elsewhere when these are finally allowed to happen. These events
  will be delayed, however, until you have finished your various tasks
  and begun the last aspects of your transformation into fully conscious
  physical Angels.
       Mother Earth's inner world and her better-known surface world
  together possess an astounding diversity of life. Your planet's inner
  core, or Central Sun, actually 'heats' up your planet. The Sun's
  energies simply determine how the inner core energies are dispersed.
  Mother Earth's geomagnetic, geo-electric, and gravitational fields
  interlink to form the life-giving essence that is truly her heart and
  soul. This living entity is the sacred vehicle you now inhabit. Many
  coming disclosures will change forever how you define 'life form', or
  even how you categorize 'life'. These facts will swiftly revolutionize
  your science's core paradigms and bring you to a much clearer
  understanding of how physicality is formed. As we have stated many
  times, a great shift in your consciousness is preparing you for your
  new reality.
       This new reality is raising up to replace a presently accepted
  world-view that greatly limited your perception of physicality. These
  limitations produced societal systems across your world that were at
  times cruel and quite controlling of their citizens. The changes begun
  within you many decades ago by Heaven allow the process of ongoing
  positive change to proceed and flourish. Now this divine intervention
  is reaching a moment when the results of these changes are to manifest
  before you. The first contact mission of the Galactic Federation of
  Light aided this process. The workings of Heaven and the divine plan
  ensure a most glorious future for every one of you. Now you need to
  focus on your role in this operation and use your growing abilities to
  help us complete this procedure in a timely and appropriate manner.
       Today, we have continued our discussion of what is preparing to
  happen on your world. We ask you to stay fully committed and focused
  both on your success and on your intentions for this swiftly
  manifesting new realm. Remember, Together We are Victorious! Blessings,
  dear Ones. Know in your Heart of Hearts that the perpetual Supply and
  infinite Abundance of Heaven is indeed Yours! Selamat Gajun! Selamat
  Kasijaram! (Sirian for Be One! Be Blessed in Love and in Joy!)
  Planetary Activation Organization
  http://www.paoweb.com
  This copy was reposted by Robert E. McElwaine
                            PAO Member
                            Eckankar Initiate
                            B.S., Physics and Astronomy, UW-EC
                     http://members.aol.com/rem547 PLUS
                     http://members.aol.com/rem460
  See also http://www.paoweb.com/sn122600.htm ,
           http://www.disclosureproject.org .
  P.S.: PASS IT ON !


20040413-Re_GALACTIC FEDERATION Update_ March 30, 2004-53228.html[12/03/2022 10:12:31]
GALACTIC FEDERATION Update: March 30, 2004


20040413-Re_GALACTIC FEDERATION Update_ March 30, 2004-53228.html[12/03/2022 10:12:31]
