{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T15:37:46Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 94271, "source_ctime_ns": 1790311067917111358, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2004-11-00_Nova-Religio---Vol-8-No-2---Ellwood.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790311067914137785, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2004-11-00_Nova-Religio---Vol-8-No-2---Ellwood.pdf", "source_sha256": "6b4723f507b624ac13fdc976fa109139de48dba08af3bb42cd4a32c4ce5421fe"}

The Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions
Review by: James R. Lewis
Nova Religio: The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions, Vol. 8, No. 2 (November
2004), pp. 112-115
Published by: University of California Press
Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/10.1525/nr.2004.8.2.112 .
Accessed: 19/08/2012 05:10

Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at .
http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp

.
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of
content in a trusted digital archive. We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms
of scholarship. For more information about JSTOR, please contact support@jstor.org.

.


                University of California Press is collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to Nova
                Religio: The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions.


http://www.jstor.org
NR0802.qxd     9/8/04   3:54 PM    Page 112


             Nova Religio


             The Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions. Edited by James R. Lewis.
             Prometheus Books, 2003. 550 pages. $99.00 cloth.

                This hefty volume should stand for some time as the definitive work
             on UFO religions from the point of view of religious studies scholarship.
             Really a collection of papers rather than an encyclopedia in the usual


             112
NR0802.qxd   9/8/04   3:54 PM   Page 113


                                                                            Book Reviews

              sense, it spans a goodly spectrum of groups, scholars, and scholarly
              points of view. Papers deal with, among other topics, the Aetherius
              Society, Unarius, Heaven’s Gate, the Raelians, the Ashtar Command,
              and Chen Tao, the first five of this list being fully summarized in a doc-
              umentary Appendix of well over a hundred pages. Writers include,
              among others, Hilary Evans, Mikael Rothstein, Robert Balch, David
              Taylor, Forrest Jackson, Susan Palmer, Ted Peters, John Saliba, Diana
              Tumminia, and Charles Ziegler. (By way of disclosure, I should add that
              the final article, a speculative piece on the possible religious impact of
              extraterrestrial contact, is by the present reviewer.)
                  The writers initially follow customary interpretation (e.g., Jung’s
              “technological angels”) in viewing religious UFOism as lightly secular-
              ized, “scientific” versions of traditional soteriology and apocalyptic, with
              the “contactee” as updated charismatic prophet. But they go on from
              there. Susan Palmer, in “The Raelian Apocalypse,” has made another
              observation: at least in this case, as time has passed and apocalyptic
              expectations have not been met, “It seems reasonable to argue that the
              Raelian religion has begun to resemble a Club Med offering New Age
              therapies more closely than a flying saucer church” (p. 276). I suspect
              the same could be said regarding Aetherius and Unarius. On the other
              hand, “Heaven’s Gate” by Balch and Taylor reminds us that the ongoing
              crisis of an aging apocalyptic group’s restlessness and unrealized hopes
              can be managed by the leadership in the opposite direction of height-
              ened seclusion and internal discipline, leading to the kind of resolution
              witnessed in the tragedy of Rancho Santa Fe. (The evidence of this
              “cult” in its most regimented phases also led these writers to comment,
              of the “brainwashing” hypothesis, “While most sociologists who study
              new religions dismiss the concept, the history of Heaven’s Gate sug-
              gests that these scholars may have gone too far in their efforts to down-
              play the power of social influence” (p. 211).
                  The classic sociological study of a small UFO group, When Prophecy
              Fails, by Leon Festinger, Henry Riecken, and Stanley Schachter, is revis-
              ited by Diana Tumminia in “How Prophecy Never Fails,” a study of
              Unarius. Following J. Gordon Melton’s 1985 article, “Spiritualization
              and Reaffirmation: What Really Happens When Prophecy Fails”
              (American Studies 26: 17–29), she suggests that over-emphasis on a single
              prophecy and its supposed “failure” amounts to a “one-dimensional
              view of millenarianism [that] neglects the presence of a complex cos-
              mology or an integrated group life.” When spaceships failed to appear
              as predicted in 1975 and later dates, the upshot for Unarius was not dis-
              confirmation of the movement but reinterpretation through other sec-
              tors of an unfalsifiable belief system in karma, the reliving of past life
              events, and truths unknown to the public.
                  As we move into the twenty-first century, it appears that, barring
              some startling new development, general interest in UFOs has seriously


                                                                                      113
NR0802.qxd     9/8/04    3:54 PM    Page 114


             Nova Religio

             declined, perhaps terminally, from its twentieth-century high. At the
             same time, the power of small, intensive UFO religious movements to
             energize true believers remains great, as the 1997 Heaven’s Gate tragedy,
             the 1998 saucer-landing expectations of Chen Tao, and even more
             recent publicity concerning the Raelians, make evident. Nonetheless,
             several writers in this collection have contrasted statements of observers
             (including myself) about the smallness of UFO religious groups with
             polls indicating widespread public “belief” in UFOs. Surely what is
             needed is greater methodological clarity concerning distinctions
             between intensive and diffuse expressions of social movements, and the
             not-uncommon capacity of the former to linger among the highly
             committed well after vague, diffuse public interest has begun to fade.
                 Similar terminological clarification is required for apocalyptic.
             Although several writers in this book speak of UFO religion as apoca-
             lyptic, and Susan Palmer entitles her article “The Raelian Apocalyptic,”
             John Saliba, in “The Earth Is a Dangerous Place: The Worldview of the
             Aetherius Society,” queries my earlier use of the expression “apocalyptic
             theosophy” for that group’s outlook, if “apocalyptic . . . includes an escha-
             tological scenario that foretells the imminent end of the world” (p. 130)
                 While certainly an end of the world scenario represents the “classic”
             or paradigmatic form of apocalyptic, it does seem to me that the word
             is not misused if, by the same model, it refers to sudden, tremendous
             changes involving signs in the heavens and supernatural (or extrater-
             restrial!) intervention, and a soteriological passage through a time of
             troubles to a glorious new age. The question of the appropriateness of
             the term apocalyptic needs to be faced, for it arises in connection with
             other new and eastern religious movements as well. They often place
             anguish and radical renewal here below against a cyclical or “meta-
             physical” cosmology that precludes a literal end of the world, yet pres-
             ent a coming drama that functionally, and perhaps psychologically,
             amounts almost to the same thing.
                 Indeed, this sort of “apocalyptic” expectation seems to characterize
             long-lasting UFO religious groups, as over against the more sanguine
             progressive eschatology of independent contactees and more ephemeral
             groups, like those around such figures as George Adamski and Dan Fry.
             In this the latter were in the tradition of the Spiritualist mediumship that
             certainly has a historical relationship to UFO contacts. I recall 1950s-type
             contactees with such a background. That Spiritualist and broader eso-
             tericist connection of religious UFOism is not sufficiently brought out in
             this volume, although the important link to the I Am movement and its
             Ascended Masters is cited in several places. But it is true that, like I Am,
             the intensive UFO religions moved toward dramatic eschatologies, verg-
             ing in the UFO case on “apocalyptic” as defined above.
                 No doubt the expectation of going though “apocalyptic” tribula-
             tions together requires a more closely-knit group than traversing benign


             114
NR0802.qxd   9/8/04   3:54 PM   Page 115


                                                                         Book Reviews

              vistas. As Melton and Tumminia suggest, this produces greater tough-
              ness against a skeptical world, despite alleged disconfirmations. Such
              groups may likewise survive longer than widespread but diffuse public
              credence in UFOs, since they believe in the set-apartness of the “ground
              crew” from the rest of humanity.
                  But whether the subjects survive or not, sociological studies of the
              caliber of many of these papers are important in themselves, as models
              of the art and for insights that will aid students in understanding many
              new and minority religious groups. Despite the price, UFO Religions is
              recommended for all major sociological collections.
              Robert Ellwood, University of Southern California


                                                                                  115
