{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T17:03:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 26384, "source_ctime_ns": 1790710848601431548, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20050724-Groom-Lake-control_tower-scanner-audio-54697.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790710848574269602, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20050724-Groom-Lake-control_tower-scanner-audio-54697.pdf", "source_sha256": "2f6bb604c9a38fd41e19d892cfa07c07010ae101a80f9abee600de4c6f005c06"}

mind control site


   Subject: mind control site
   From: CAP
   Date: 22/07/2005, 19:56
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

   Someone claiming to be Sara Hejazi, daughter of
   Delores Hejazi, sent me an email requesting that I
   remove the mention of her mother from my site on
   mind control crime at
   http://www.geocities.com/capaliwoda/mc
   It is disheartening to learn that those who stand to
   benefit the most are the least supportive and
   knowledgeable. I sent her this reply:

   -----------------------------------------------------------------
   Dear Sara:
   Although Delores was led to believe by the perpetrators
   that they were government people, they may well have
   been professional criminals operating in a cult-like format.
   Or at least an errant subdivision that most of the other
   members don't know about. The perps victimizing me
   constantly referred to themselves as gang members,
   mentioning activities such as auto theft and prostitution.
   However, the CIA and KGB were both rumored to have
   been involved with such technology, although it might
   well (and almost certainly has) fallen into the hands of
   vicious criminal street elements. In my neighborhood,
   I have evidence a known hard core drug user (and
   possibly dealer) at one point acquired access to the
   technology. Being perpetually at odds with the law is
   one possible motive for a group wanting to project
   blame onto the government (and hence
   law-enforcement bodies). The weaker the government
   is, the easier it is for organized crime to function.
   Not to mention the revenge motive which arises from
   possibly having incarcerated buddies. Not only am
   I not a Scientologist, they are among the groups I hold
   in some suspicion as they may be seeking the
   technology as a means of enhancing their cult activities.
   Torture might be just a peripheral interest of this group
   (theory, again). Maybe they are a communications
   company that knows they are dealing in big bucks and
   hence quite cut throat, similar to Verizon Wireless.
   It is hard to believe you have such a vivid recall of events
   which must have occurred between the ages of 4 and 8.
   Your mother's behavior would certainly have been that of
   a very distressed person if my THEORY is correct that
   she was a mark of the same group which victimized me.
   She was in nearby Parma. I am in Maple Heights. Not
   too far apart. The perps direct very painful radiation at their
   prey, who are never let off the hook. They torture their
   victims quite deliberately to break them down trying to
   disengage them from such activities as might interfere
   with constant transmission, such as employment
   (heedless of any disastrous consequences for victims).
   They like to get a psychiatric diagnosis and collect
   welfare ideally. In a worst case scenario the victim just
   dies. Not that they really care much, fanatics that they are.
   Schizophrenia is not a term made up--it already exists
   as an undoubtedly real condition in some--it is one simply
   utilized as a convenient cover by these particular people.
   It is character defamation of the unjustly framed. The old
   KGB liked to use it for its dissent. It is sort of an
   amorphous umbrella term for "out of touch with reality"
   which has the ring of solid medical evidence for those
   whose livelihoods depend on public confidence.
   They (or someone else with the same equipment) are
   STILL stalking me actively. Over the Fourth of July
   holiday a gang of them attacked me in the ear drum with


20050724-Groom Lake control_tower scanner audio-54697.html[12/03/2022 10:15:30]
mind control site

   laser weapons (there must have been dozens of armed
   thugs hidden from view) until my eardrum perforated
   from the pressure built up within the middle ear, got
   infected, and leaked a foul-smelling fluid. I still have only
   partial hearing in that ear. The beams tend to energize
   and expand gases within the body. The weapons can
   be used to inflict considerable pain, distress, and bodily
   injury. Microwaves can cook food. They can also burn
   eyeballs (risk of cataracts), throats and lungs (cause
   choking, coughing and respiratory distress), eardrums
   (nerve deafness), and faces (painful stinging). There is
   an overall sense of bodily weakness as well after
   exposure to many more than the safe number of RADS
   of radiation (must be analogous to nuclear fallout). I'm
   sure your mother's behavior was quite erratic IF they
   targeted her. So is mine at times (can't help it--
   torture hurts and infuriates). I admit it is theory and I am
   unable to say for sure in her particular case. But how
   strong could the indicators be (judging from the Plain
   Dealer article)--particularly inducing her to do all the futile
   letter writing as another kind of torture--knowing that the
   news media is always complicit in maintaining silence
   and reeling out deceptive boilerplate cover-ups? I am
   unfortunate enough to know from first hand what it all
   feels like. The criminals have been trying to extortion
   me to remove my web site to help ensure the continuing
   frictionless operation of their criminal activities (which
   might include grandiose schemes for societal domination).
   I would not be cowardly enough to do so. I have thought of
   toning down the language a little--the tone prompted by the
   amount of damage they have inflicted on me. However,
   I may be too distressed to manage the editorial work
   so the Hell with it.
   I prefer that you don't contribute to the perpetuation of
   organized crime by insisting on silence. Your mother
   may have tried suicide because she couldn't see a way
   out of continual pain and may have tried to take her
   children with her believing there would be no one to
   properly care for them--only if my THEORY is correct.
   Being quiet would ensure that perpetrators who
   possibly ruined her life would never get their just
   deserts.
   However, with or without Delores, my story stays
   exposed. I wish the criminals could get what they
   really deserve, which is a millennium behind bars after
   being tortured in the same foul way that they have
   tortured other people (and assassinated the integrity
   of their characters by posing as merely a hallucination).
   Always operating from secret locations, always hidden,
   shunning direct exposure and the light of day, missing
   accountability altogether--underground guerillas who
   really need to be ferreted out. I say that if the
   government really wants to fight terrorism, they should
   start in their own back yard instead of sending billions
   of dollars overseas. Maybe we could reclaim our streets
   (and our homes and minds now) if the same
   investment were made here. Denial will solve nothing.


20050724-Groom Lake control_tower scanner audio-54697.html[12/03/2022 10:15:30]
