{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T07:43:15Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 59592, "source_ctime_ns": 1790172973760654169, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2005-06-09_The-Guardian_Mark-Boyle.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790172973741336256, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2005-06-09_The-Guardian_Mark-Boyle.pdf", "source_sha256": "d20186b51e0883bf8fff94e38d0cdc31d1be308da3227f30f41a3b773bfaceef"}

Skip to main contentSkip to navigationSkip to navigation
  This article is more than 19 years old
Obituary

Mark Boyle
This article is more than 19 years old
Artist who pioneered the psychedelic light show
Andrew Wilson
Fri 10 Jun 2005 00.04 BST
Share
The light show was the one original art form associated with the psychedelic underground of the 1960s. Mark Boyle, who has died
aged 70, was with his partner, Joan Hills, not only its pioneer in Britain but also its major poet. At the time of his death, he and his
family were working on a contribution for the exhibition Summer Of Love, Art Of The Psychedelic Era, which opened at Tate
Liverpool in late May.
Boyle first experimented with light projection in 1962, before incorporating it as an element in a series of performance events. Using
powerful Aldiss projectors, often dangerous mixes of chemicals, 35mm slides, bodily fluids, insects and other small live specimens of
fauna and flora, his light shows presented an endlessly mutating vision of reality on the move.
Throughout 1967 Boyle was regularly presenting his synaesthetic light show at the UFO nightclub - the heart of London's burgeoning
countercultural scene - where he formed a partnership with the avant garde psychedelic group Soft Machine. Boyle and Hills
allowed their projected chemicals and other subjects to move and react at their own speed, it being left to the audience to find
connections between the random movement of the lights and the music's changing rhythmic structure. The following spring, effectively
as integral members of Soft Machine, he and Hills embarked on the band's tour of America with Jimi Hendrix.
Boyle understood his projection of continuously dissolving patterns of light to embody "not just patterns of line shape colour texture,
but patterns of experience". As with the rest of his work, the aim "was to do with not being exclusive. We're not going to exclude
anything from what we make, whatever form it takes. There is no experience, no sensation, no aspect of reality we would eliminate."
The light shows, which they stopped producing at the end of 1968, were a small part of a much wider practice that aimed "to include
everything in a single work".
Born in Glasgow, the son of a lawyer, Boyle studied law at Glasgow University followed by a spell in the army before he met Joan
Hills in 1957 (they were not to marry until 1999). At this point, all his spare time was spent writing poetry. Hills had studied art and
architecture: it was she who encouraged Boyle to paint, and in 1959 they sold their first works to a local Harrogate collector. Being
largely self-taught as an artist was an advantage to Boyle, as it had been to his friend Francis Bacon, encouraging a direct expression
of a confrontation with reality.
This embrace of reality was the constant feature driving his work as he moved from making paintings, to making assemblages of real
objects, to making exact transcriptions of randomly chosen areas of demolition sites.
One early epiphany had come when he came across his paint tins, lids and brushes accidentally stuck down on to some hardboard,
and decided that they looked much better than his paintings. Just as his work embodied real objects, so he also included real
occurrences by creating performance events or happenings in his home or on the streets.
Boyle had an unceasing sense of wonder about both the world and his work, and was sometimes happiest thinking about it as
poetry, rather than strictly as art. In his hands, the ordinary, unregarded stuff of life became extraordinary. This was especially the
case with his random earth pieces. In 1966 he and Hills perfected a way of making replicas of patches of ground, their first subject
using this technique being Camber Sands, East Sussex. This was followed by the London Series, the locations of which were chosen
by throwing darts at a map of London, followed in 1968 by the commencement of the World Series. Wherever the darts fell, that
area - whether land or sea, motorway or piece of scrubland - was to be the subject of a work (Boyle had still not found a means of
replicating water).
This "Earthprobe" echoed the contemporary exploration of the moon, and the construction of random earth pieces was
characteristically not only concerned with the eventual presentation of the finished objects but in charting all aspects of the site, just
as the project taken as a whole intended to project a picture of the world and everything in it. All the measurements, sound- and
film-recordings and photographs, as well as each finished relief, taken together constituted the work. The Earthprobe project is still
going on.
If being self-taught was one advantage to Boyle, the other advantage was his partnership with Hills. The paintings they had sold in
1959 had been created by both of them, but it had seemed too complicated to own up to the fact. Their close collaboration, using
                                                File: 2005 06 09_The Guardian_Mark Boyle.pdf
                                 URL: https://www.theguardian.com/news/2005/jun/10/guardianobituaries.artsobituaries
the name Mark Boyle, continued until the 1970s, when it was felt possible to admit that their work was made by Mark Boyle and
Joan Hills.
In 1985 another shift was made when they first exhibited under the name Boyle Family, in acknowledgement of the fact that
Cameron, Joan's son from her first marriage, had much earlier made a contribution to their work, and that Sebastian and Georgia,
Boyle and Hills' two children, had been helping to make the work since either of them had been able to hold a screwdriver. Boyle's
collaboration with his partner and children allowed him to erase any trace of his own personality or evidence of touch from the
works, and he admitted in the 1960s that "as far as I can be sure, there is nothing of me in there". Even so, perhaps paradoxically,
the works of Boyle Family are readily recognisable as the product of a singular voice that has changed the way in which we see the
world, and like any family business his work has the possibility to live on and evolve after his death.
His wife and two children survive him.
· Mark Boyle, artist, born May 11 1934; died May 4 2005

Explore more on these topics
      obituaries
Share
Reuse this content

Most viewed
Most viewed
      UK
      US politics
      World
      Climate crisis
      Middle East
      Ukraine
      Football
      Newsletters
      Business
      Environment
      UK politics
      Society
      Science
      Tech
      Global development
      Obituaries
      News
      Opinion
      Sport
      Culture
      Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
      About us
      Help
      Complaints & corrections
      SecureDrop
      Work for us

      Privacy policy
      Cookie policy
      Terms & conditions
                                              File: 2005 06 09_The Guardian_Mark Boyle.pdf
                               URL: https://www.theguardian.com/news/2005/jun/10/guardianobituaries.artsobituaries
      Contact us
      All topics
      All writers
      Modern Slavery Act
      Tax strategy
      Digital newspaper archive
      Facebook
      YouTube
      Instagram
      LinkedIn
      Newsletters
      Advertise with us
      Guardian Labs
      Search jobs
      Patrons
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)


                                             File: 2005 06 09_The Guardian_Mark Boyle.pdf
                              URL: https://www.theguardian.com/news/2005/jun/10/guardianobituaries.artsobituaries
               File: 2005 06 09_The Guardian_Mark Boyle.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/news/2005/jun/10/guardianobituaries.artsobituaries
               File: 2005 06 09_The Guardian_Mark Boyle.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/news/2005/jun/10/guardianobituaries.artsobituaries
