{"created_utc": "2026-09-07T08:23:33Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 143351, "source_ctime_ns": 1788522167895031365, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2005-06-08_BBC_Magazine-Alien-thinking.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788522167887483719, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2005-06-08_BBC_Magazine-Alien-thinking.pdf", "source_sha256": "79ceefcf31fd4c6982234576712b69141b00b4115ba8c82afd1a36092eeca3c6"}

Skip to main content
      Low Graphics
      Access keys help

             Home                                                                               Search                            Explore the BBC

Low graphics|Accessibility help
                                  BBC NEWS CHANNEL


News Front Page      Last Updated: Wednesday, 8 June, 2005, 14:17 GMT 15:17 UK
World                    E-mail this to a friend        Printable version
UK                   Alien thinking
England              By Angela Hind                                                                 In today's Magazine
Northern Ireland     Pier Productions                                                                                       Big beasts
Scotland                                                                                                                    How
                     Not many scientists are prepared to
Wales                take tales of alien abduction seriously,                                                               elephants
Business             but John Mack, a Harvard professor                                                                     helped to
Politics             who was killed in a road accident in                                             shape human history, by David
Health               north London last year, did. Ten years                                           Cannadine
                     on from a row which nearly lost him
Education            his job, hundreds of people who claim                                                                  Change a-
Science &            they were abducted still revere him.                                                                   coming
Environment                                                                                                                 Justin
Technology           Professor John E Mack was an eminent
                     Harvard psychiatrist, psychoanalyst Object of fascination: a model of
                                                                                                                            Webb on
Entertainment        and Pulitzer Prize winner whose clinical an alien at a Roswell museum            America's love affair with
Also in the news     work had focused on explorations of                                              progress
-----------------    dreams, nightmares and adolescent suicide.                                                             Audience
Video and Audio      Then, in 1990, he turned the academic community upside down because he                                 of one
-----------------    wanted to publish his research in which he said that people who claimed they                           Would you
Have Your Say        had been abducted by aliens, were not crazy at all. Their experiences, he said,                        watch a
Magazine             were genuine.                                                                    play all on your own?
In Pictures          They were not mentally ill or delusional, he said, and it was the responsibility                       7 days
Country Profiles     of academicians and psychiatrists not only to take what they said seriously,                           quiz
Special Reports      but to try to understand exactly what that experience was. And if reality as we                        What now
                     know it was unable to take these experiences into serious consideration then
                     what was needed was a change in our perception of reality.                                             for Paul the
                                                                                                      eight-limbed oracle?
                     "What are the other possibilities?" said                                         Magazine regulars
                     Mack. "Dreams, for instance, do not
                     behave like that. They are highly
                     individual depending on what's going
                     on in your sub-conscious at the time.
                     "I would never say, yes, there are aliens                                                          Tweetbook
                     taking people. [But] I would say there is                                      Say goodbye to worktime
                     a compelling powerful phenomenon
                     here that I can't account for in any other                                     boredom. Follow us on
                     way, that's mysterious. Yet I can't know Professor John E Mack: Turned         Facebook or Twitter
                     what it is but it seems to me that it     academic community upside             Magazine Monitor
                     invites a deeper, further inquiry."       down                                  Paper Monitor, Your Letters,
                     Lifeline                                                                        Quote of the Day, Caption
                                                                                                    Competition and more
                     For many people who claimed they had been abducted, John Mack was a
                     lifeline. He worked with more than 200 of them, including professionals,
                                                                                            RELATED BBC LINKS:
                     psychologists, writers, students and business people.                  Abduction, Alienation and
                     Many had never told anyone else of            I would never say, yes,  Reason
                     their experiences apart from Mack for there are aliens taking          RELATED INTERNET LINKS:
                     fear of ridicule from colleagues, friends
                     and family. Here at last was a highly people...] I would say there is John E Mack Institute
                     respected psychiatrist who was not        a compelling powerful        The BBC is not responsible for
                     only prepared to listen - but also take phenomenon here that I can't the content of external internet
                     what they were saying seriously.          account for in any other way sites
                     An abductee - or "experiencer" as they
                     prefer to be known - says that alien   John Mack
                     encounters begin most commonly in their homes and at night. It can however

                                             File: 2005 06 08_BBC_Magazine Alien thinking.pdf
                                          URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/magazine/4071124.stm
happen anytime, anywhere. They say they are unable to move; they become
extremely hot and then appear to float through solid objects, which their
logical mind tells them can't be happening.
Usually the experiencer says they are accompanied by one or two or more
humanoid beings who guide them to a ship. They are then subjected to
procedures in which instruments are used to penetrate virtually every part of
their bodies, including the nose, sinuses, eyes, arms - abdomen and genitalia.
Sperm samples are taken and women have fertilised eggs implanted or
removed.
Hybrid offspring
"Have I questioned my own sanity"? says Peter Faust an experiencer and
close friend of John Mack's. "Absolutely, every day to a certain degree
because the majority of the world says you're crazy for having these
experiences. But if it was just me who had contact with aliens, who had
intimate experience with female aliens and producing hybrid offspring, I would
say I'm certifiable, put me away, I'm crazy.
"And that's how I felt when I initially had these experiences. My wife thought
I'd lost it. But then I began to look at the experience outside myself and
realised that hundreds if not thousands of people reported that exact same
experience. And that gave me sanity. That gave me hope. I knew I couldn't be
fantasising this."
The whole experience is often accompanied by a change in the experiencer's
understanding of humanity's place in the universe. And it was this that forced
Mack to question who we are in the deepest and broadest sense.
"I have come to realise this abduction phenomenon forces us, if we permit
ourselves to take it seriously, to re-examine our perception of human identity -
to look at who we are from a cosmic perspective," he said.
Extraordinary work
In 1990 John Mack's book Abduction: Human Encounters with Aliens was
published. It shot to the top of the best sellers list and John Mack appeared
on radio and television programmes. Harvard decided enough was enough.
Mack was sent a letter informing him that there was to be an inquiry into his
research on alien abductions. It was the first time in Harvard's history that a
tenured professor was subjected to such an investigation. John Mack decided
to fight back and hired a lawyer, Eric MacLeish.
"It was appalling that John had to go through this," says MacLeish now.
"And we made it clear that if we were to have a full blown trial here, then we
were going to have a very public trial and call on everyone who worked with
John - all of whom had nothing but praise for his extraordinary work and
dedication to his patients - and I don't think that's what Harvard had in mind
at all."
There followed 14 months of stressful        We made it clear that if
and bitter negotiations. "They tried to we were to have a full blown
criticise me, silence me - by saying that
by supporting the truth of what these trial here, then we were going
people were experiencing, possibly I to have a very public trial and
was confirming them in a distortion, or call on everyone who worked
a delusion. So instead of being a good with John
psychiatrist and curing them, I was by
taking them seriously, confirming them Eric MacLeish
in a delusion and harming them," said Mack.
The inquiry made front page headlines all over the world and eventually
Harvard dropped the case and a statement was issued reaffirming Mack's
academic freedom to study what he wished and concluding that he "remains a
member in good standing of the Harvard Faculty of Medicine".
He continued to work and write. But Mack was killed in a car collision last
year in north London after leaving a Tube station. He was visiting the city to
deliver a lecture on the subject which had won him the Pulitzer Prize in 1977, T
E Lawrence.
But Mack's work lives on with an institute which now bears his name; the
hundreds of people who count themselves in "the experiencer community"
still hold him in particular affection.
His search for an expanded notion of reality, which allows for experiences that
might not fit traditional perceptions and worldviews, is one they, at least, will
                             File: 2005 06 08_BBC_Magazine Alien thinking.pdf
                        URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/magazine/4071124.stm
be hoping continues.
Abduction, Alienation and Reason, a programme about John Mack, was
broadcast on Wednesday night on BBC Radio 4 at 2100BST.

Add your comments on this story, using the form below.
The bottom line is that we really just don't know, do we?
Jeannette, Miami Lakes, FL
John Mack is a nutcase just like all the other alien abductees.
Prea Gayo, London
John Mack may have dressed his theories up in academic terms, he may even
have been highly intelligent, when it comes down to it however, he was a
loony, as is anyone that really believes they were abducted. The so-called
abductees of this world fall into two distinct catagories, mentally ill and
fraudulent. It does no-one any good to encourage them as Mack did.
James, UK London
What a fascinating story. I cannot believe he was criticised for trying to
broaden academic opinions on the matter. Who are we to say such
happenings do not occur. It shows a very narrow minded approach we have
as a society on topics that if proven to be true, against popular belief, that we
really do know very little about the bigger picture. This would scare many
people. Is it naive to not belive in such phenomenom or is it just good crowd
control!?
Anon, Exeter
I'd long forgotten that I had read his book back in 1990, but I do remember that
it gave a lot of credibility to a subject that has never really been taken
seriously before. He showed that this can't simply be a bunch of nutcases.
Many many normal everyday people all over the world believe that they have
experienced this, and he did the right thing with his investigations. It's pretty
outrageous that Harvard battled with him on it, many ideas appear ridiculous
at first, and something like this is far beyond our scope of comprehension, but
does that mean we shouldn't look into it...of course not. Quite sad to hear he
had been killed, I wasn't aware of that.
R Devanney, Peterborough
What an uncritical account! There are many explanations for these
phenomena which fall within the realm of science - sleep paralysis is a prime
example, which has been posited as a major cause for belief in all sorts of
bizarre experiences throughout the ages. All that has really changed is that
people now have experiences of aliens instead of demons because their
hallucinations are influenced by their surrounding culture. I've had a few
episodes in the past, but didn't attribute it to anything more than my own
mind playing tricks.
Paul, Luton, UK
I've never really thought that Abductions by aliens was true, preferring to
believe that it¿s a type of seizure overlaid with modern mythologies, and that
people have suffered from this for thousands of years, depending on the era
and location they see goblins, fairies, vampires etc. then a thought struck me.
When human scientists go into the field to do studies on the local fauna, they
tend to trap specimens, examine them, tag them and return them to their
natural environment as though nothing has happened¿ Sounds kind of
familiar doesn¿t it!
Paul, Birmingham
One piece of evidence which points to alien abductions being a type of dream
is the fact that the first encounters did not occur until War of the Worlds was
written. Also, in the fifties before computers, 'experiencers' claimed spaceship
displays were made of dials and levers, using spaceships made from steel, and
now 'experiencers' claim that spaceships are white or silver, and that
computers are holographic. Clearly these people are not crazy; the event
occurs to many. However, many dreams are common to people such as having
an exam or forgetting to get dressed, and being experimented upon is just a
common dream, which varies only slightly from person to person.
S Murray, Chester, UK
Interesting story. I don't know if Mack got anything published, but peer
review would have asked the Occam's Razor question - was there anything
else that could account for the phenomenon? This is why he had trouble
getting it published - there were too many other possible explanations. No
amount of correlation between experiencers would be good enough, unless
they were all totally isolated from each other. In fact the story confirms that
                          File: 2005 06 08_BBC_Magazine Alien thinking.pdf
                       URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/magazine/4071124.stm
                       they were not. Ideas propagate across populations. Mack was practising bad
                       science, but lots of professors do that and Harvard was either ill-advised to
                       take him on, or too weak to push for a conclusion.
                       Les Rose, Salisbury, UK
                       I am a person who has extremely powerful experiences during sleep that I find
                       difficult to explain away as just vivid dreams. While I've never had an
                       experience of being abducted , I do seem to experience another complete
                       world in incredible detail. I doubt I have the imagination to make it all up, so I
                       keep an open mind.
                       David , Milton Keynes, UK
                       It's time people accept that other dimensions of reality exist. We can detect
                       through science many things now, that were imperceptable previously, did
                       they not exist before we could detect them? Nobody can disprove this
                       phenomena. It doesn't mean that space aliens really are the culprit, but an
                       extraordianry phenomenon demands extraordinary investigation and serious
                       investigation at that.
                       Ken Hall, Barrow UK
                       Name

                       Your e-mail address

                       Town/city and country

                       Comments


                        Send      Clear

                       The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published. Your
                       comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide.
                       Terms & Conditions


                           E-mail this to a friend                    Printable version


PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

      E-mail news
      Mobiles
      Alerts
      News feeds
      Interactive TV
      Podcasts
News Front Page | World | UK | England | Northern Ireland | Scotland | Wales | Politics
Business | Entertainment | Science/Nature | Technology | Health | Education
Have Your Say | Magazine | In Pictures | Week at a Glance | Country Profiles | In Depth | Programmes
      BBC Copyright Notice
      MMIX
      Back to top ^^
      Help
      Privacy and cookies policy
      News sources
      About the BBC
                                                 File: 2005 06 08_BBC_Magazine Alien thinking.pdf
                                              URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/magazine/4071124.stm
Contact us


                File: 2005 06 08_BBC_Magazine Alien thinking.pdf
             URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/magazine/4071124.stm
