{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T07:38:20Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27321, "source_ctime_ns": 1790666204982092571, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20051124-Re_Mike-s-post_-CIA-Psy-Ops-on-the-Internet-55177.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790666204910910530, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20051124-Re_Mike-s-post_-CIA-Psy-Ops-on-the-Internet-55177.pdf", "source_sha256": "509ade272d88b8f8184aafab96fed81d2a8d6f84f0e7762e9ce3f5abf462976b"}

Mike's post: CIA Psy-Ops on the Internet


  Subject: Mike's post: CIA Psy-Ops on the Internet
  From: Charles D. Bohne
  Date: 24/11/2005, 11:22
  Newsgroups: alt.paranet.ufo,alt.conspiracy.area51,alt.conspiracy.spy,alt.alien.visitors,alt.fan.art-bell


  I think this is a sharp article and I repost it because
  it only appeared as an answer to AUKooker "Art Deco".
  C.
  Mike's post by "Yankee Doodle Refugee"
  On 14 Nov 2005 12:05:20 -0800, "Yankee Doodle Refugee"
  <yankee_doodle_refugee@hotmail.com> wrote:


          CIA Opposed Freedom, and Freedom of Discussion
          by Michael Kelly
          A description of the evolution of alt.politics.org.cia and the changing
          tactics used by the US government to suppress discussion of the real
          issues.
          --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          About a year ago, almost all the posters on this group were "retired"
          spooks [or 20-somethings paid minimum wage to work at the lowest level
          of CIA or NSA and who show their lack of experience in many many ways].
          What they would do is sit like spiders in their webs waiting for
          innocents to come along and ask a question, such as "what are some good
          books to read" on such and such an intelligence-related topic. Of
          course, the newbie was then steered to some CIA-approved or CIA-written
          propaganda. A favorite being The Night Watch, by David Atlee Phillips,
          who was propaganda meister for the Western Hemisphere Division of CIA.
          If the poster criticized CIA, that poster was flamed. If the flaming
          didn't have any effect, then all the spooks would killfile the poster
          in lockstep.
          This strategy only works well when the "retired" spooks make up a vast
          majority of the posters here. Now that more "real people" have gotten
          involved in this group, it doesn't work so well because a critic is
          likely to be able to interact with others who want to discuss the
          issues.
          The last thing The Company wants is a genuine discussion of the issues
          here. What they want is a propaganda outlet. That's why anyone who
          raises the real issues of CIA and Clandestine Services(as the "old
          boys" like to call the covert ops department) will be set upon by
          provocateurs.
          See, if the "retired" spooks flame in too nasty a fashion and too
          constantly, it makes them look bad. The technique used is to bring
          people in from outside with no other purpose than to start flame wars
          with, and otherwise harass the critic. An analogy would be the hockey
          player who can't skate but is on the team to take out the talented
          players on the opposing team by starting brawls.
          A trademark of these types is that they never contribute anything of
          substance. Their refrain is "so and so is a... blah blah." By this
          technique the attempt is made to portray the critic as someone who
          argues with everyone. By attacking from many sides they attempt to
          portray the target as the common denominator in all the flame wars. Of
          course the hope is that the provocations will substitute the flame wars
          themselves as the issue, instead of the discussion of illegal and
          immoral practices of The Company.
          It's just a diversionary tactic. Keep focused on what The Company
          avoids discussing. Those are the real topics of importance here. All
          that's needed for them to have total control of your lives is for you
          to do nothing. They never stop seeking more power. Henry Kissinger
          called power "the ultimate aphrodisiac" and he should know since he
          stopped at nothing to increase his share of it. When Congress asked him
          if it was really a nice thing to encourage the Kurds to rise up, then
          abandon them when it was convenient, his response was roughly "one
          should not confuse covert operations with missionary work." What a guy!
          Yeah, give him another peace prize!


20051124-Re_Mike's post_ CIA Psy-Ops on the Internet-55177.html[12/03/2022 10:15:51]
Mike's post: CIA Psy-Ops on the Internet

          Provocation is an old technique The Company has used for decades. They
          have experience subverting labor unions, student organizations, and
          governments, remember? So it's old hat for them to divide and conquer.
          The purpose is to divert you all from discussing the substantive
          issues. As soon as the standard Company "dirty tricks" are brought up,
          then all kinds of nitwits come out of the woodwork to start flame wars
          and commence e-mail and other harassments of the critic in order to
          obfuscate the issues.
          The following are issues The Company would rather not confirm or deny:
          CIA training of assassins and Latin American death squads. Read
          anything you can on the School of the Americas (known fondly as The
          School of Assassins.) You will find alumni such as the illustrious
          Manuel Noriega.
          CIA rigging of elections, especially now in conjunction with the
          "National Endowment for Democracy" or NED.
          The "standard practices" of CIA, including propaganda via "friendly"
          reporters in the American press, and the publishing of books via CIA
          proprietary companies that pass themselves off as private commercial
          enterprises. (Beware especially of former KGB officials who author
          these pieces of trash as "vigorish" for being allowed to live in the
          US.)
          The subversion of labor, educational, cultural, student, political, and
          military organizations at home and abroad.
          The illegal opening and interception of U.S. citizen's mail and
          electronic correspondence. In case you're tempted to tell me they are
          prohibited from doing this domestically, they get around these
          proscriptions by multi-lateral agreements with the intelligence
          agencies of other countries. It amounts to "we'll spy on your people
          and give you the take if you return the favor." So, Britain's GCHQ may
          intercept your phone call instead of NSA, and everything will be
          "legal," but your privacy is still violated nonetheless.
          CIA dealing in drugs, weapons, money-laundering, and currency
          speculation on the black markets. This is a handy means of raising
          operating expenses for projects the Congress is not willing to fund, a
          la Iran/Contra, or multiplying the funds Congress appropriates. One
          example of this technique is described in the book Portrait of A Cold
          Warrior by Joseph B. Smith. He worked for the Company rigging elections
          in the Philippines. He was instrumental in bringing Ferdinand Marcos to
          power. He dealt the operating funds sent to him by CIA on the black
          market until they were multiplied by a factor of 10, then used the take
          to finance CIA-backed candidates. Imelda needs a new pair of shoes!
          The funding of "media magnates" and "stock market wizards."
          Intelligence agencies provide insider info (their game is espionage,
          remember?) to their puppets who parlay it into windfalls on the stock
          market. A percentage of the take is used to promote propaganda, back
          arms deals, pay bribes, etc.. An example of this is the backing of
          Robert Maxwell by Mossad. In the US, Howard Hughes was deeply involved
          with The Company. It's also the reason Robert Vesco will never be
          extradited to the United States.
          That should do for starters. Although it may be fun to discuss the high
          resolution photography of spy satellites, and all the nifty toys that
          government research has produced, the spy business is an old one.
          Secret power doesn't require technology so much as a willingness to
          betray your fellow citizens in order to curry favor with those in
          control. The techniques I discuss above are some of the means they use
          to do this. I think discussing these issues is more central to
          preserving what freedom we have left than marveling at the latest
          "sneaky" the boys in the lab have contrived.
          Mike


20051124-Re_Mike's post_ CIA Psy-Ops on the Internet-55177.html[12/03/2022 10:15:51]
