{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T00:30:38Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 141799, "source_ctime_ns": 1790344521237269119, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2005-08-17_Snopes_Did-General-Douglas-MacArthur-Predict-an-Interplanetary-War.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790344521232472463, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2005-08-17_Snopes_Did-General-Douglas-MacArthur-Predict-an-Interplanetary-War.pdf", "source_sha256": "672c545af08498d3553110ea0246340296d9e5adceac3a6c30f7ada644ab6bee"}

Become a Member

Search Search Snopes...

My Profile
Logout
Submit a Rumor
Latest
Trending
News & Politics
Entertainment
Fact Checks
Quiz
Sections
Latest
Trending
Fact Checks
News
Collections
More
Contact Us
Submit a Rumor
Archives
Quiz
FactBot
Newsletters
About Us
Categories
News & Politics
Entertainment
Science & Technology
Lifestyle
Free accounts support our journalism Become a Member
Login My Profile Logout

Get the truth delivered!
Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest fact-checks and top stories.

Enter Email Address...
 Sign up for Newsletter


Fact Check

Did General Douglas MacArthur Predict an Interplanetary War?

The WWII icon alluded to the possibility that mankind might someday face an extraterrestrial foe.
David Mikkelson
Published Aug. 17, 2005


                                         File: 2005 08 17_Snopes_Did General Douglas MacArthur Predict an Interplanetary War.pdf
                                                         URL: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/macarthur-planets-war/
Claim:
During a 1955 speech at West Point, General Douglas MacArthur told assembled cadets: "The next war will be an interplanetary war. The nations of the earth must someday make a common front
against attack by people from other planets."
Rating:

False
About this rating
This item is a difficult one to classify: It's literally false as worded, because the person named didn't speak the specific words attributed to him at the time and place claimed (or at any other time and
place). However, by combining things the same person said at different times and places, one could come up with a reasonable approximation of the original statement.
The subject here is a quote attributed to a 1955 West Point address by General of the Army Douglas MacArthur, in which the famous military man supposedly mused about the next war being an
interplanetary one. That alleged quote has since been cited in a variety of works and web sites related to UFOs and extraterrestrials and still surfaces in newspapers and other publications from time
to time:
        In October 1955 General Douglas MacArthur told the cadets of West Point: 'The next war will be an interplanetary war. The nations of the earth must someday make a common front
        against attack by people from other planets.' The cadets must have wondered which planet MacArthur himself was from, but his fears were no more far-fetched than the current
        government-fed paranoia that millions of us are about to be murdered in our beds by Islamofascist superbiotoxins kept at 45 minutes' readiness in a bedsit in Tipton and activated by
        psychotic double-amputees.
However, General MacArthur did not deliver a speech at West Point that year, nor is there any record of his specifically stating an opinion that the "next war" would be an "interplanetary" one.
The confusion started with comments reportedly made by MacArthur when he was paid a private visit at his residence in New York's Waldorf-Astoria Hotel by the Mayor of Naples, Achille Lauro,
in October 1955. The following day Mayor Lauro relayed the gist of their 45-minute conversation to the press, maintaining MacArthur had expressed a belief that someday (perhaps as far as 1,000
years in the future) the people of Earth might find themselves facing an extraterrestrial confrontation:
        General MacArthur described himself as "a confirmed optimist" regarding the possibility of another world war, Mayor Lauro said.
        "He thinks that another war would be double suicide and that there is enough sense on both sides of the Iron Curtain to avoid it," the Mayor went on.
        "He believes that because of the developments of science all the countries on earth will have to unite to survive and to make a common front against attack by people from other planets."
        The politics of the future will be cosmic, or interplanetary, in General MacArthur's opinion, the Mayor continued. He quoted the military leader as saying that a thousand years from now
        today's civilization would appear as obsolete as the stone age.
According to Lauro, the only comments MacArthur made about the next war were that he had no idea what form it would take:
        "He quoted Einstein's reply when asked what weapons would be used in a third world war — that he did not know what weapons would be used in a third world war but that a fourth
        global conflict would be fought with sticks and stones."
Some newspapers (such as the Chicago Tribune) played up the sensational aspects of Mayor Lauro's remarks, reproducing only a brief portion of them under headlines such as "MacARTHUR
FEARS SPACE WAR."
Several years later, on 12 May 1962, MacArthur delivered a speech (commonly known as the "Duty, honor, country" speech) to the cadets of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point on the
occasion of his receiving the Sylvanus Thayer Award, during which he once again alluded to the possibility that mankind might someday face an extraterrestrial foe:
        We deal now, not with things of this world alone, but with the illimitable distances and as yet unfathomed mysteries of the universe. We are reaching out for a new and boundless frontier.
        We speak in strange terms of harnessing the cosmic energy, of making winds and tides work for us, of creating unheard of synthetic materials to supplement or even replace our old
        standard basics; to purify sea water for our drink; of mining ocean floors for new fields of wealth and food; of disease preventatives to expand life into the hundred of years; of controlling
        the weather for a more equitable distribution of heat and cold, of rain and shine; of spaceships to the moon; of the primary target in war, no longer limited to the armed forces of an
        enemy, but instead to include his civil populations; of ultimate conflict between a united human race and the sinister forces of some other planetary galaxy; of such dreams and fantasies as
        to make life the most exciting of all times.
So, General Douglas MacArthur did suggest the notion of an eventual interplanetary war on at least a couple of occasions; one of them was in 1955, and one of them was during a speech at West
Point. But he never stated it would be the "next war" fought on (or by) Earth, or that it was likely to happen in any timeframe outside of the very distant future.

Sources

Robinson, Paul. "The Good News About Terrorism." The Spectator. 2 April 2005.
The New York Times. "M'Arthur Greets Mayor of Naples." 8 October 1955 (p. 7).
Associated Press. "MacArthur Fears Space War: Visitor." Chicago Daily Tribune. 8 March 1999 (p. 11).

By David Mikkelson
David Mikkelson founded the site now known as snopes.com back in 1994.
Snopes.com


Company
About Us
FAQs
Contact Us
Submit a Topic
Navigate
Home
Search
Archive
Newsletters
Random
Sections
Latest
Top
Fact Checks
News
Account
                                          File: 2005 08 17_Snopes_Did General Douglas MacArthur Predict an Interplanetary War.pdf
                                                          URL: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/macarthur-planets-war/
Join
Login
Game
FactBot
Like Us on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter
© 1995 - 2025 by Snopes Media Group Inc.
This material may not be reproduced without permission.
Snopes and the Snopes.com logo are registered service marks of Snopes.com
Terms of Use Privacy Policy DMCA Policy


      Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development

      Store and/or access information on a device
      How can I change my choice?
      What if I don't consent?
      How does legitimate interest work?
      Do I have to consent to everything?
Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 151 TCF vendor(s) and
64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.
Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or
withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

 Consent Manage options


                                       File: 2005 08 17_Snopes_Did General Douglas MacArthur Predict an Interplanetary War.pdf
                                                       URL: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/macarthur-planets-war/
