{"created_utc": "2026-09-07T20:42:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 165498, "source_ctime_ns": 1788567578666445128, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2005-12-10_Eurogamer-net_Rebelstar-Tactical-Command.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788567578658546073, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2005-12-10_Eurogamer-net_Rebelstar-Tactical-Command.pdf", "source_sha256": "f4623b5f42844d1a5915a14bfc5df2c61e1a21725bbaa3014673e5867cdd0f2d"}

If you click on a link and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. Read our editorial policy.
I hate aliens.
I don't know why, I just do. Maybe it's the idea of being shot up into a space ship and probed by them. And despite the brightly
coloured cutesy graphics, clearly inspired directly by the game's main competitors (Final Fantasy Tactics and the Advance Wars), I
hate the aliens in Rebelstar Tactical Command.
It's not just the fact that I hate aliens in general, either.


                                           File: 2005 12 10_Eurogamer net_Rebelstar Tactical Command.pdf
                                                      URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/r-rebelstar-gba
Coming from the legendary Gollop brothers, Rebelstar Tactical Command is the spiritual continuation of the X-Com series (and
nominally a direct continuation of the Rebelstar series, last seen on the ZX Spectrum in 1988, fact fans) games that featured both
turn-based segments and resource management in terminally addictive UFO defence strategy titles.

Rebelstar TC trailer
Turn-based fun for GBA.
Thanks to the limitations of the GBA hardware, the resource management sections have been dropped completely, replaced with
soldiers who gain experience points that you can spend on skill upgrades and the (limited) ability to choose your deployment and
equipment at the start of each mission. While I do miss the lovely animated globe from the PC X-Com titles, the real meat of the
game has always been in those turn-based sections, which work with quite a different, if perfectly valid, logic from the Japanese titles
that crowd the GBA strategy market.


Each turn your team members are allotted 'action points' which can be spent as they wish - on movement, attacking and accessing
their equipment. Most strategic is the 'overwatch' option, in which you can spend your action points to attack in the enemy's turn.
Sounds easy enough? Well, wisely spending your points has far, far more importance than you'd place upon your Tesco clubcard -
especially when you factor in some of the harshest line-of-sight rules I've ever seen in a game. Each turn becomes a slow crawl
forwards, attempting to spot and destroy the enemy before they can even see you.
In Rebelstar Tactical Command, be prepared to fail, and fail, and fail again. You will fear this failure. Each time a bullet from an
unseen alien strikes one of your tiny team of heroes it will be like a bullet in your own heart, as the creeping, desperate attempts to
see where it came from begin a long slow sweep of the area with your team's eyes. And if you don't have enough action points?
Then be prepared for the terrifying wait through the enemy's turn. And when the aliens strike, you will hate them.

Mass Effect fans think this official image hints that Paragon/Renegade system is "absolutely returning"
Shepard's hook.
This game, with its absolute, harsh, unyielding demands of military perfection against a hidden, constantly changing enemy in urban
environments, should be used to kick our troops into shape. With the issue of a squeamish public, Rebelstar Tactical Command
could work as the ultimate training tool to ensure they never leave a man behind.

Yes, it's going to be amazing

It looks good but I'm waiting to see more
No, I've been tricked by trailers before

No, Rockstar games aren't for me

Hard to get excited about a game from one trailer
If you want to win, you have to be perfect. On entering a building, it is imperative that a character has all their action points available
to quickly sweep a room, attack any enemies seen, and get back under cover within a turn. Leaving a character out in the open, no
                                        File: 2005 12 10_Eurogamer net_Rebelstar Tactical Command.pdf
                                                   URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/r-rebelstar-gba
action points left over, for the duration of the enemy's turn, is suicide.


"Hang on a minute", you're probably muttering, "This sounds unforgivably harsh."
Yes, I've talked a lot here about how scary it is, how hard it is, but is it actually any fun?
In a word, yes. A tremendous amount of fun. There is fun in the failure, because much like the best games of any genre, every
mistake you make will be your own, and as a result is never as frustrating. That may sound like a surprising thing to say in a game
that's actually so hard you'll die several times during the lengthy tutorial, but the facts of the matter are that I played each mission
gaining the 'elite' rating (the highest one) before I allowed myself to move on, simply because it made me care.
And my men died, many, many times. And I hated those aliens for it.
It's the virtue of a job well done that will make you care about your troops, not the characterisation featured in the plot. In fact, it's
your general conquered Earth plot - one remaining plucky group of rebels with an even pluckier main character who also holds a
special secret (pro tip: he's the chosen one...) with a bit of mild probing and some cribbage from Logan's Run to spice it up a bit.
Sadly, the mysterious disappearance of people older than thirty is what's stolen from Logan's Run, not a naked Jenny Agutter. To be
honest, it's all a bit annoying, not least due to some writing that's poor enough to have grammar errors all over the place.


This general lack of polish in a game which requires absolute perfection from the player is one of the more unfortunate aspects of the
game. While the anime artwork and generally cute game models are all fine and dandy, they look terribly washed out on my GBA
SP screen, and while I admit I'm stuck in the dark ages with a front light, that the game looks much better on the recently released
Micro is no excuse. For a game so aesthetically influenced by Nintendo's work in the Advance Wars series, it's a shame the
developer couldn't take a leaf out of Intelligent Systems' book for the interface, with the front end being as drab as a Java title
bundled with a Nokia phone, and the in-game menus being overly complex and occasionally inconsistent.
None of these things truly get in the way of the game, though. In fact, many gamers might be willing to forgive them in a budget title,
because even with these admittedly piddling flaws this is one of the most atmospheric titles on the GBA and one of the tightest turn-
based strategy games available on any system currently. It's not too short either, with somewhere in the region of 15 to 20 hours in
the main mission, and a Skirmish mode in which you can while away the hours quite happily. The latter does seems like a bit of an
afterthought in the face of Advance Wars' War Room mode, mind you.
With a tiny bit more polish Rebelstar Tactical Command could be not only one of the best games on the GBA but one of the best
games released this year. Sadly however, its flaws keep it below the polished best of Nintendo, but for anyone with fond memories
of X-Com, who can't get enough turn based strategy on the GBA, or if you just plain can't stand aliens, it's unmissable.
7 / 10
Find out how we conduct our reviews by reading our review policy.
In this article


                                        File: 2005 12 10_Eurogamer net_Rebelstar Tactical Command.pdf
                                                   URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/r-rebelstar-gba
Rebelstar Tactical Command
Nintendo GBA

      Follow
Related topics
Nintendo GBA
Eurogamer is better when you sign in
Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more!
Sign in with Google Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Reddit
Sign in with email


Latest News
      Pokémon Go's monthly Community Day ticket doubles in price
      Atari's striking new Gamestation Go handheld features some really unusual hardware features
      Helldivers reveals Star Fox-style game concept, as it invites ideas for next project
      Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 players lament "battle passes in between battle passes" with Squid Game event
      The Rise of the Golden Idol designer reveals next game, and it's already got the Idol creators' seal of approval
      Apple Vision Pro £3500 headset reportedly no longer in production, as stock piles up
      Marvel Rivals' Season 1 heroes teased
Latest Reviews
      Marvel Rivals review - snackable team brawler lacks attention to the little details
      Audeze MM-500 review: planar magnetic comes at a premium
      Sihoo Doro S300 review: A space-age office chair
      Sonic the Hedgehog 3 film review - a fitting finale for the Year of Shadow
      Cambridge Audio Melomania P100 review: A genuine disruptor
      Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp Complete review - ditching the microtransactions for a more forgiving experience
      Mythwrecked: Ambrosia Island review - a repetitive if inoffensive offering of the gods
Top Discussions
      What we've been playing - Loot fountains, Indy delights, and layers of game trifle
      114
                                       File: 2005 12 10_Eurogamer net_Rebelstar Tactical Command.pdf
                                                  URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/r-rebelstar-gba
Eurogamer.net is owned by Gamer Network Limited, an IGN Entertainment company and subsidiary of Ziff Davis. © 2025 Gamer
Network Limited, 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. Company number 03882481. All rights reserved.
No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission.
      Helpful Links
      About Us
      Advertise with us
      Archive
      Authors
      Contact Us
      Corporate Site
      Interactive Maps
       Manage push notifications
      Newsletters
      RSS Feeds
      Policies

      Code of Conduct
      Cookie Policy
      Do Not Sell My Personal Information
      Editorial Policy
      Privacy Policy
      Review Policy
      Terms & Conditions
      Gamer Network
      Dicebreaker
      Digital Foundry
      GamesIndustry.biz
      Jelly Deals
      Nintendo Life
      Pure Xbox
      Push Square
      Rock Paper Shotgun
      Time Extension
      VG247
      VGC
      Across Europe
      Eurogamer.cz
      Eurogamer.de
      Eurogamer.es
      Eurogamer.nl
      Eurogamer.pl
      Eurogamer.pt


                                   File: 2005 12 10_Eurogamer net_Rebelstar Tactical Command.pdf
                                              URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/r-rebelstar-gba
