{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T01:51:40Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 151565, "source_ctime_ns": 1790162223847789425, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-11-00_Nova-Religio---Vol-10-No-2---Saliba.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790162223832391479, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-11-00_Nova-Religio---Vol-10-No-2---Saliba.pdf", "source_sha256": "61cd099349dc6cfd3442059bd4f10839d0b8b0bdb0709b622c2cf3463620974a"}

The Study of UFO Religions
Review by: John A. Saliba
Nova Religio: The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions, Vol. 10, No. 2 (November
2006), pp. 103-123
Published by: University of California Press
Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/10.1525/nr.2006.10.2.103 .
Accessed: 15/06/2013 06:49

Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at .
http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp

.
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of
content in a trusted digital archive. We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms
of scholarship. For more information about JSTOR, please contact support@jstor.org.

.


                University of California Press is collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to Nova
                Religio: The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions.


http://www.jstor.org


                              This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                                             All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                 Review Essay
          The Study of UFO Religions


                                    John A. Saliba


Aliens Adored: Raël’s UFO Religion. By Susan Palmer. Rutgers University
Press, 2004. 226 pages. $60.00 cloth; $19.95 paper.
Encyclopedia of American Religions. By J. Gordon Melton. 7th ed. Gale,
2003. xxiv + 1408 pages. $320.00 cloth.
Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions. Edited by James R. Lewis.
Prometheus Books, 2003. 530 pages. $75.00 cloth.
New Religions: A Guide: New Religious Movements, Sects and Alternative Spir-
itualities. Edited by Christopher Partridge. Oxford University Press, 2004.
444 pages. $40.00 cloth.
UFO Religions. Edited by Christopher Partridge. London and New York:
Routledge, 2003. xiii + 383 pages. $104.00 cloth; $29.95 paper.
UFOs and Popular Culture: An Encyclopedia of Contemporary Myth. By James
R. Lewis. ABC-CLIO, 2000. xxxviii + 393 pages. $99.00 cloth.
When Prophecy Never Fails: Myth and Reality in a Flying-Saucer Group. By Diana
Tumminia. Oxford University Press, 2005. ix + 216 pages. $35.00 cloth.


S
      everal recent studies of UFO religions may be indicative of a rise in
      scholarly interest in these fringe religious groups. Probably, the
      best research on these religions was first embodied in James Lewis’
edited work, The Gods Have Landed,1 which, though published over ten
years ago, remains one of the most quoted and referenced manuals on
the subject. While this book contains studies of only three distinct UFO
religions, it includes important overviews of literature both on the con-
tactee phenomenon and on the religious, sociological, and psychological
aspects of UFO beliefs.

Nova Religio: The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions, Volume 10, Issue 2, pages
103–123, ISSN 1092-6690 (print), 1541-8480 (electronic). © 2006 by The Regents of
the University of California. All rights reserved. Please direct all requests for permis-
sion to photocopy or reproduce article content through the University of California
Press’s Rights and Permissions website, at www.ucpress.edu/journals/rights.htm.

                                                                                           103


              This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                             All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

     One of the reasons for this rise in interest has been the highly pub-
licized events concerning three UFO religions: (1) the 1997 Heaven’s
Gate incident, which left thirty-nine members dead by suicide; (2) the
sudden rise to fame in 1998 of Chen Tao, whose prophetic message that
God will appear on television and send flying saucers to save the world
ended in both the failure of the prophecy and possibly the demise of its
founder’s community as a UFO group2; and, (3) more recently, the
growth of the International Raëlian Movement, particularly following
the announcement in 2002 that Clonaid—which is often assumed to be
its scientific arm3—had successfully cloned a human being, named Eve.
     The more recent publications reviewed in this essay can be conve-
niently divided into three types: (1) encyclopedias on new religious move-
ments, which include short items on various UFO religions; (2) collections
of essays that (a) cover a variety of these religions or (b) discuss either the
contactee phenomenon in general or the theoretical aspects of these
movements in particular; and (3) two major monographs on specific UFO
religions. In this review, I will first examine what the encyclopedias tell us
about UFO religions, reflecting on three questions encountered in the
studying them: What exactly is a UFO religion? How many UFO religions
are there? And, how many members do they have? Secondly, I will review
the literature on specific UFO religions, concentrating on four major
groups: the Raëlian Movement, Unarius Academy of Science, the
Aetherius Society, and Heaven’s Gate. I will draw attention to some of the
information about and interpretations of these movements that have been
provided by scholars who have studied them. I will also look briefly at
those studies which consider UFO religions as a whole and which seek to
make comparisons between UFO groups and other religious movements.
To end this section, I will comment on the limitations of the current studies
and offer several suggestions for future research.
     Finally, I will show that the presence of UFO religions, however small
and apparently insignificant they might be, is indicative of a much wider
interest in extraterrestrial life forms. The relevance of the study of UFO
religions can be shown with reference to (1) the work of various scien-
tists who are exploring the physical conditions required to maintain
extraterrestrial life, and (2) the reflections of several contemporary
scholars who have either drawn attention to the long history of specu-
lation about other worlds or who have reflected on the theological
issues that must be dealt with if intelligent extraterrestrial life exists.

          WHAT IS A UFO RELIGION AND HOW MANY
                   OF THEM ARE THERE?

  One of the nagging problems when studying UFO movements is
whether, and in what sense, they are religions. Many, if not the
majority, of those who believe in UFOs attach little if any religious

104


                 This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                                All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                          Saliba: The Study of UFO Religions

or spiritual significance either to their sightings or to the purported
involvement of UFOs in human history. Among some UFO groups
that have been studied as religions, the very word “religion” is pur-
posely avoided or is reinterpreted. Thus, while members of the
International Raëlian Movement have no difficulty with the designa-
tion, “Raëlian Religion,” they make it clear that their worldview is not
cast in the mold of traditional religions, in which belief in the sacred
or transcendent is dominant. The Aetherius Society states quite
explicitly that it “is not a new religion . . . it is a spiritual path to
enlightenment and the cosmic evolution of mankind,”4 while the
Unarius Academy of Science prefers to be called “an educational and
scientific organization” which teaches the “interdimensional psycho-
dynamics of the mind.”5
    One of the more detailed analyses of the religious nature of UFO
groups is the one I wrote some ten tears ago.6 There I stated that aliens
are surrounded with a sense of mystery. They are regarded as transcen-
dent and supernatural entities who have reached a level of perfection
and power far beyond that of human beings. Moreover, they are
believed to communicate with specific individuals in order to bring sal-
vation to a human race threatened by nuclear and environmental dis-
aster. More recently, in James Lewis’ Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO
Religions (pp.191–208), I used several models to show why Unarius can
be considered a religion.
    Under the influence of Ninian Smart, many scholars of religion
have tended to stay away from precise definitions of religion and have
adopted his idea that one can find a number of dimensions (or char-
acteristic features) in any religion, even though the importance and
magnitude of each dimension may vary from one religion to another.
Smart listed seven dimensions of religion: (1) the ritual or practical;
(2) the doctrinal or philosophical; (3) the mythic or narrative; (4) the
experiential or emotional; (5) the ethical or legal; (6) the organiza-
tional or social; and (7) the material or artistic.7 He assumed that the
“sacred” is present in all religions and penetrates all these dimen-
sions. Other scholars, however, have added the “sacred” as a separate
dimension, one that can also be used to assess the religious nature of
UFO groups.8 In terms of these dimensions, there are many differ-
ences among UFO religions. Some have an elaborate ritual and/or
mythology, while others do not. Several groups have regular commu-
nal worship services; others have little or none. Some have a core
membership that lives communally, while members of other groups
live independently. Quite a few UFO religions are widespread, with a
presence on several continents, others are more limited geograph-
ically, and some apparently exist mainly on the Internet. Further,
the level of organization and commitment varies between groups
considerably.


                                                                                         105


            This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

   Six main characteristics set UFO religions apart as a unique phenom-
enon that came into being in the second half of the twentieth century:
(1) A belief in extraterrestrial beings, who reside mainly, but not exclu-
    sively, in our solar system. God (in the Judeo-Christian sense) often
    does not have a central role, is not present at all, or his existence is
    at times denied.9
(2) An emphasis on a relationship between aliens and human beings.
    Some groups have a myth of human origin and stories of visits by
    aliens throughout human history. Some UFO religions have
    adopted Erich von Däniken’s theory of the origins of the human
    race, which rejects the current theory of evolution.10
(3) A strong belief that that there have been a series of encounters and
    communications between human beings and aliens. Select individ-
    uals are believed to be channels, messengers, or prophets chosen to
    relay messages to the human race, to have met personally with alien
    beings, and even to have been transported to other planets. Some,
    such as the leaders of the Extraterrestrial Earth Mission, claim to be
    “walk-ins,” that is, individual alien beings have inhabited the bodies
    of humans (Lewis, UFOs and Popular Culture, pp. 117–19). Though,
    usually, there is only one leader of a UFO group who is accepted as
    the contact with aliens, there are a few examples, such as the
    Lightside UFO Study Group, where the leading members are all
    contactees and/or walk-ins. In cases where the contactee is
    deceased, as in Unarius and the Aetherius Society, there is evidence
    that the movements have gone through an organizational period
    which Max Weber called the “routinization of charisma.”11
(4) A conviction that aliens are visiting Earth to offer help for human
    beings. They warn of impending disasters, such as nuclear war and
    environmental crisis. While there are trends in some Christian cir-
    cles to demonize aliens,12 UFO religions are inclined to look on
    extraterrestrials as beneficent, even though the existence of evil
    aliens is not ruled out.
(5) A belief that a millennial age will begin with the public advent of the
    aliens. Human beings will receive more advanced technology and
    make great evolutionary strides in both the physical and spiritual
    realms. Some apocalyptic scenarios, if the human race is not ready
    to receive or welcome the aliens, are also present.
(6) A stress on the need for human beings to make preparations for the
    public arrival of the aliens. These preparations are usually of a spir-
    itual nature, but physical plans may also be proposed, as in the case
    of the Raëlian Movement, whose members have already designed an
    embassy to house the aliens when they arrive.


106


                 This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                                All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                           Saliba: The Study of UFO Religions

    Several encyclopedic publications include references to UFO reli-
gions. The most reliable source of information on these is J. Gordon
Melton’s Encyclopedia of American Religions (pp. 798–808), although the
information in this latest edition does not add much to previous editions.
Though not all the groups he includes could be classified as “religions,”
Melton lists twenty-three “Flying Saucer Groups,” and provides a brief
history and account of their main beliefs, as well as references to some
of their main publications. While he gives their addresses when these are
available, of the twenty-three groups listed, the addresses or post offices
boxes for ten of them could not be traced. Besides, two of the listed
groups are defunct, and Heaven’s Gate, Chen Tao, and the United
Nuwaubian Nation of Moors are notably omitted..
    James R. Lewis’ encyclopedia, UFOs and Popular Culture, includes
about twenty-five entries of what might be called “Flying Saucer Groups,”
seventeen of which are also found in Melton’s Encyclopedia of American
Religions. Like Melton, Lewis provides a brief historical background and
information on basic beliefs, though he omits details such as the
addresses of those groups that can be contacted. One surprising inclu-
sion in Lewis’ encyclopedia is the Church of Scientology. In a three-page
entry, Andreas Grünschloss (pp. 266–48) observes a number of ufological
strands in Scientology, namely, its anthropological framework, its found-
ing myth, its belief in past lives, its attempts to unite spiritual with scientific
progress, and the importance of Hubbard’s science fiction novels in the
ongoing development of the group. Melton prefers to include Scientology
in his section on “Psychic New Age Groups” and makes no reference to
its UFO motifs.
    Another publication is Christopher Partridge’s guide to new religious
movements, New Religions, in which one finds somewhat lengthier
entries on the Nuwaubians, the Aetherius Society, the Unarius Academy
of Science, the International Raëlian Movement, Heaven’s Gate, and
Chen Tao. Obviously, this is not a book that tries to include all UFO reli-
gions. In it, though, a short essay by Grünschloss (pp. 372–76) gives the
historical background to the rise of Ufology and distinguishes between
apocalyptic strands (as in the Ashtar Command) and non-apocalyptic
strands (as in Scientology and the Aetherius Society). He also observes
that among the prominent themes of these UFO religions is the synthesis
of science and religion.
    Together, these three encyclopedias offer some valuable information
on the number and variety of current UFO religious groups, but the
material they contain is understandably brief and incomplete, and their
usefulness in any research is limited. None of them contain references
to the Web sites of UFO groups, even though several of the groups
mentioned maintain a presence on the Internet.
    It is difficult to give even a rough estimate of the number of UFO reli-
gions. I have traced the following dozen active UFOs groups that have


                                                                                          107


             This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                            All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

a conspicuous presence on the Internet: the International Raëlian
Movement (<www.rael.org>); Unarius Academy of Science (<www.unarius.
org>); the Aetherius Society (<www.aetherius.org>); Ashtar Command
(<www.sanandaseagles.com/gai/gai_index.html>), which has incorpo-
rated the Association for Sananda and Sanat Sumara, and is now called
“Guardian Activation International”; The Ground Crew (<www.the-
groundcrew.com>); Mark Age (<www.thenewearth.org/markage>);
Planetary Activation Organization (<www.paoweb.com>), which is a
splinter group from The Ground Crew; United Nuwaubian Nation of
Moors (<www.unitednuwaubiannation.com>); Universal Industrial
Church of the New World Comforter (<www.galactic.org/UIC.html>);
Extraterrestrial Earth Mission (<www.geocities.com/etearthmission>);
Lightside UFO Study Group (<www.thelightside.org>); and The
Aquarian Concepts Community (<www.aquarianconcepts.org>). All of
these are based in the English-speaking world, particularly in the United
States, but quite a few of them have members on different continents.13
Two other groups, namely, Heaven’s Gate and Chen Tao, have been
studied extensively, and the former’s mirror site is still available on the
Internet.14
     The Urantia Foundation, sometimes referred to as the “Jesusonian
Foundation,” has two extensive official Web sites (<www.urantia.org>
and <www.truthbook.com>). Though at times listed as a UFO religion,
it is, strictly speaking, not so. Sarah Lewis (in Partridge, UFO Religions,
pp. 142–43) states that the Urantia Book does not advocate a new reli-
gion. Melton (Encyclopedia of American Religions, pp. 439–40) includes it
under “Psychic and New Age Groups,” and Lewis (UFOs and Popular
Religion) omits it entirely. Lorne Dawson (in Partridge, New Religions, p. 370)
writes that the “sole activity of the membership is to study the book,
often in groups. There are no clergy or churches.”
     It is equally difficult to estimate the number of people who are
involved in UFO religions. Almost none of them report the number of
their respective members. The only solid figure in Melton’s Encyclopedia
of American Religions (pp. 798ff.) is the Raëlians’ 2002 claim to 55,000
members, an increase of about 20,000 since 1999. One other group,
Deval UFO, Inc., is estimated to have four hundred members in the
United States, as well as members in Japan and Australia. Reportedly, the
Aetherius Society has circulated 650 copies of its newsletter in 1987. It
is not clear whether these latter figures reported in the Encyclopedia of
American Religions were provided by the groups themselves, are Melton’s
own estimate, or were derived by survey. Heaven’s Gate had only thirty-
nine members at the time of suicides in 1997, far less that the original
number of about two hundred members reported by Robert Balch and
Robert Taylor in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Of the twelve groups
listed above, the Aquarian Concepts Community (located in Sedona,
Arizona) describes itself as an “intentional global community” and states


108


                 This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                                All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                          Saliba: The Study of UFO Religions

that it comprises eighty adult members and twenty children.15 The
Lightside UFO Study Group (located in Oshkosh, Wisconsin) has six
core members. While weekly Sunday meetings and yearly conferences
are held, there is no information about the number of participants
and/or committed members beyond this core group.
    Of the still active groups that have been the subject of significant
research, namely, the Raëlian Movement, Unarius, and the Aetherius
Society, actual membership figures have been estimated by several schol-
ars. The largest of these is the International Raëlian Movement, which
seems to have grown over the last ten years or so. Susan Palmer (in
Lewis, UFOs and Popular Culture, p. 249) reported its membership at
around 45,000 with branches in fifty-two countries. In her own book,
Aliens Adored, (p. 120), she revised this figure, stating that the “2002
international membership was fifty-five thousand, and in 2003, sixty-
five thousand, but this number refers to Raëlians who have been bap-
tized rather than to active Raëlians.”16 Palmer concedes that these are
the movement’s figures and are probably inflated.17 While the number
of members given by the movement is impossible to verify, she maintains
that “their statistics regarding their structure are quite reliable” (Aliens
Adored, p. 122). Her participation at Raëlian meetings shows clearly that
the number of Raëlians by far exceeds the membership of other groups.
Palmer (Aliens Adored, p. 120) describes a typical profile of a member of
the Raëlian Movement as follows:

   I would say that, in Quebec at least, the movement attracts young, attrac-
   tive adults, from a Catholic background that they have already rejected,
   who are upwardly mobile in society, ambitious in their education and
   careers, and individualistic and fun loving. Like many Quebecois youth,
   they reject conventional middle class and Christian family values, live
   alone or with a partner outside wedlock, and postpone or veto repro-
   duction. They tend to revere science and despise religious institutions,
   particularly the Catholic Church.

   Membership in Unarius and in the Aetherius Society, on the other
hand, is much smaller. Writing on Unarius (in Lewis, UFOs and Popular
Culture, p. 402), Diana Tumminia states:

   Findings from a survey and subsequent field research show that the core
   group has never numbered more that 65 people. Although Unarius has
   reportedly gained thousands of members around the world, their
   “nucleus” has averaged around 45 to 50 people per year until recently
   when it began to decline.

In When Prophecy Never Fails (pp.190–91), Tumminia also draws up a pro-
file of Unarius’ members. She writes that they are largely white, though
there are study groups in Nigeria and in Central America. Women slightly


                                                                                         109


            This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

outnumbered men in her earlier survey, when members “held mostly
working-class jobs and incomes, helping each other to obtain employment
and sometimes sharing apartments. By 2000, most core members had
modest middle-class incomes and white-collar jobs, while a portion were
retirees” (p. 190). Most were “apolitical” with “little interest in outside
groups or political issues.” Eighty-five percent were single.
    There are no surveys of Aetherius Society members. The most
detailed account of its membership is on its Web site,18 which, while
omitting the actual number of members, gives the addresses where
Society groups are located and can be contacted. The Aetherius Society
distinguishes three categories of membership: “Friends of the Society,”
“Associate Membership,” and “Full Membership,” the latter two indicat-
ing the level of commitment and benefits received. Organizationally, an
unspecified distinction is made between headquarters, branches, and
groups, although branches seem to refer to centers where there is a suf-
ficient number of members for regular rituals to be held. In Europe, the
headquarters are located in London, and there are two branches and
twelve groups throughout Great Britain. The only other presence of the
Society in Europe is one group in Lisbon. The United States has one
headquarters, one branch and four groups, while only two groups exist
in Canada. Australia has one branch and one group. In Africa there are
one branch and five groups in Ghana, two branches and nine groups in
Nigeria, and one group in South Africa. Judging from my prolonged con-
tact with the Michigan Branch (Detroit area), the number of members
there is relatively small, maybe not more than thirty. And again, judging
from my many visits to the group’s services, the number of those partic-
ipating has decreased over the last twenty-five years. I estimate that the
active members of the Society would be between one and two thousand,
a figure that might also include “friends,” like myself, who are given a
membership card.

                           LITERATURE REVIEW

   Two recent collections of essay, edited respectively by Partridge (2003)
and Lewis (2003), and two monographs, one by Palmer (2004) on the
Raëlian Movement, the other by Tumminia (2005) on Unarius, are the
best recent sources for the study of UFO religions. Two types of essays are
included in both edited volumes: studies of individual UFO groups, and
more general essays dealing with special issues or themes that are rele-
vant to the topic of UFO religion. Between them, these two books include
nineteen essays that cover eight UFO religions specifically: the Raëlian
Movement, Unarius Academy of Science, the Aetherius Society, Heaven’s
Gate, the United Nuwaubian Nation, Ashtar Command, Chen Tao, and
The Ground Crew. Indeed, eleven scholars contribute thirteen essays to
the examination of the first four of these groups.


110


                This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                               All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                           Saliba: The Study of UFO Religions

The Raëlian Movement

    The leading researcher on the Raëlian Movement is undoubtedly
Susan Palmer whose studies date from the mid-1990s.19 Palmer’s begins
her in-depth study of the Raëlian Movement by describing her research
methodology and relating some of the difficulties she encountered in
dealing with Raëlians. She devotes a whole chapter to Raël as the
prophet of this new religion and provides a good account of the goals,
ideals, and practices of the movement. She includes one chapter on the
internal problems of the movement with reference to many defectors,
and another to the announcement by the movement that its scientists
had succeeded in cloning a human being. She concludes that the
“Raelians are significant because they bridge the cultural and cognitive
gap between science and religion” (Aliens Adored, p. 200). She looks
upon them as “essentially post modernists” who are fundamentalists in
their religious beliefs about Raël, the planet of the Elohim, and a cre-
ation story which has no room for evolution. In one of her essays (in
Lewis, Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions, pp. 262–89), Palmer inves-
tigates the apocalyptic and millenarian views of the Raëlians and com-
pares official statements found in their revealed books and unofficial
beliefs passed on by word of mouth. She finds “a creative tension
between the pessimism of the apocalyptic view and the optimism of the
millenarian view” (p. 262). She also draws a brief profile of Raël and
summarizes the movement’s millenarian activities and goals.
    Two other scholars have also contributed to the study of the Raëlians.
Mikael Rothstein (in Lewis, Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions,
pp. 281–89) examines the structure and mythological basis of the
Embassy that Raël has been instructed to build for the Elohim. He
explains how the not yet built Embassy is a symbol of the millennium
and how it serves as a sacred space, a place of communication with the
aliens, and a place for pilgrimages. Like temples, churches, mosques,
and sacred shrines, the Embassy is a means of communicating with the
aliens who, although not equated with gods, are transcendent beings in
all respects. And he shows how the Embassy has a religious function,
since it has both millenarian and eschatological meanings.
    George Chryssides (in Partridge, UFO Religions, pp. 45–61) observes
that the Raëlian religion has a coherent worldview which is scientific,
hedonistic, materialistic, and atheistic. Its success is due, in part at least,
to its efforts to deal with secularization and modern science, both of
which are contemporary and unresolved challenges to traditional religions.
Chryssides is the only scholar who offers some critical reflections on the
movement. He finds several problems inherent in its belief system,
problems that are bound to limit its appeal. Because it is based on the
revelation to one individual, a revelation that is not scientifically verifi-
able, one has to accept its “scientific creationism” on faith. Moreover,


                                                                                          111


             This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                            All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

Chryssides argues that religious dialogue with Raëlians is impossible
because they take literally Raël’s encounters with the Elohim and accept
uncritically his unique interpretations of the Bible, particularly his exe-
gesis of the rather strange story in Genesis 6:1–4.20 He further states that
Raëlians seem oblivious to the moral and philosophical problems linked
with human cloning. He concludes that:

   the movement experiences an intellectual introversion which can only
   hamper its progress, since its fails to subject to critical discussion beliefs
   that the dominant culture finds problematic. Such beliefs are principally
   its belief that extraterrestrials are in contact with humanity, Raël’s idio-
   syncratic biblical exegesis, its undemocratic élitism, and its failure to
   address ethical issues associated with politics and genetics. (p.60)


Unarius Academy of Science

     The leading researcher on the Unariuns is Diana Tumminia, who has
been studying them for about two decades and who has published a
number of essays since the mid-1990s.21 Portions of these essays are
incorporated in her recent book, When Prophecy Never Fails, in which she
applies Peter Berger and Thomas Luckmann’s22 theory of the social con-
struction of reality to demonstrate how the members of Unarius make
sense of the world they have created and to understand how the major-
ity of the Unariuns did not lose their faith when the prophecies of their
leader, the archangel Uriel, failed repeatedly. Tumminia shows how the
myth of flying saucers has become part of the Unariuns’ perceived real-
ity, how it is derived from and maintained by social interactions, and how
it is exhibited in the sharing of dreams and past life experiences. She
illustrates how the interplay between myth and reality can be observed
in their healing practices and dream sharing, both of which are inti-
mately connected to their belief in extraterrestrial beings and to their
own past lives that are remembered and at times expressed in group
psychodrama.
     In one of her essays (in Partridge, UFO Religions, pp. 62–82) she exam-
ines the history and social structure of Unarius and shows how this UFO
group is an example of the Weber’s model of charismatic authority. In
another essay (in Lewis, Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions, pp. 173–90)
she points out how Unariuns dealt with the failure of the prophecies
made by Uriel.23 Instead of abandoning their faith, most Unariuns
accepted the interpretation that, in her prophetic statements and prepa-
ration for her departure with the aliens, Uriel was actually experiencing
one of her past lives as the Egyptian goddess, Isis.
     Tumminia also makes a valuable contribution to the method used in
studying new religions. Her discussion of the participant-observation tech-
nique brings out not only the many practical problems she encountered


112


                  This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                                 All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                          Saliba: The Study of UFO Religions

in her research, but also the theoretical dilemmas she faced in trying to
enter into the unique worldview of the Unariuns without accepting it
and becoming a full-fledged member.24
   In my own examination of Unarius as a religion (in Lewis,
Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions, pp. 191–208), I provide a brief
description of the organization and its belief in alien intelligences, in
God as an impersonal force, in the nature of human beings, and in the
millennium. I suggest that several models, like my own list of religious
elements found in UFO religions, Smart’s dimensions of religions, and
Bryan Wilson’s inventory of twenty items found in religions,25 can be
usefully applied to understand Unarius as a religion. I conclude by stat-
ing that Unarius “attempts to give a broader picture of the universe, a
more inclusive worldview, which fits more comfortably with our present
discoveries in the field of astronomy” (p. 205). In other words, I see
Unarius as an attempt, though not a very successful one, to bridge the
traditional gap between religion and science.

The Aetherius Society

     Several scholars have contributed to the study of the Aetherius
Society, one of the oldest UFO religions. My own study (in Lewis,
Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions, pp. 123–142) is largely ethno-
graphic.26 After a brief account of the movement’s history and organi-
zation, I describe its major beliefs, operations and missions, and ritual
practices, and conclude by reflecting on its apocalyptic and millenarian
concerns. I explain how their imminent expectations are toned down by
their belief that the next master will come only when human beings are
ready to receive him. Further, since the process of institutionalization or
routinization of charisma started before the founder died in 1997, I
argue that the Society will persist. Like Unarius, the Aetherius Society
makes what I think is a weak effort to unite religion and science and,
again, like Unarius, it stresses the need for healing.
     Scott Scribner and Gregory Wheeler’s essay (in Lewis, Encyclopedic
Sourcebook of UFO Religions, pp. 157–71) on the Aetherius Society is also
ethnographic since it concentrates on describing various ritual services
attended by the authors. It includes brief but rather incomplete notes
about levels of group membership and dedication, as well as the back-
ground of its members. Simon G. Smith’s essay (in Partridge, UFO
Religions, pp. 84–102) offers a history of the Society from its origin
through its development over the last fifty years. He outlines the role of
its founder, George King, and maintains that this role has changed from
being a medium for extraterrestrials to taking a more active role in
Society’s mission to save the Earth. In other words, when King founded
the Aetherius Society, his position was that of the primary messenger of
the extraterrestrials with whom he communicated on a regular basis and


                                                                                         113


            This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

whose instructions he followed. Later, as his status developed, he was
regarded as almost equal to the extraterrestrials themselves. As this hap-
pened, he became a more active participant in, and contributor to,
their mission to save Earth from destruction.
    Smith ends by making several interesting suggestions, such as the
stress on “the importance of karma in the ritual and spiritual activity of
the movement” (p. 99) as a means to explain how the Society has sur-
vived the death of its founder. Mikael Rothstein’s essay (in Lewis,
Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions, pp. 143–56) is more theoretical
in nature. It looks at how members of the Aetherius Society conceive of
the past, the present, and the future, discusses how these conceptions of
time are interrelated, and how they produce the group’s characteristic
millennial vision.

Heaven’s Gate

    The contributions of Robert Balch and David Taylor to the study of
Heaven’s Gate are well-known.27 In their most recent essay (in Lewis,
Encyclopedic Sourcebook on UFO Religions, pp. 211–37) they concentrate on
the commitment process that led people to abandon everything to fol-
low the leaders of Heaven’s Gate who promised them eternal life in
outer space. They outline the history of the group from its foundation,
and record the members’ commitment process, the movement’s decline
when the leaders vanished for a while, and its eventual revitalization.
The changes that Heaven’s Gate went through are explained through
the social drift and social influence models. The authors stress that
Heaven’s Gate has important implications for the study of commitment,
in that it implies a conversion that “refers to a profound psychological
change in which members come to identify so completely with a new
belief system that their very being becomes one with it” (p. 234).
    The Heaven’s Gate suicides are explored by Ted Peters (in Lewis,
Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions, pp. 239–60) and James Lewis
(in Partridge, UFO Religions, pp. 103–28). Peters maintains that the UFO
phenomenon is an intrinsically religious one and points out that from the
insider’s point of view the members did not commit suicide. Rather, they
thought they were opening the door to salvation, to reach the higher level
that was part of their religious ideology. Lewis starts by reflecting on
Weber’s legitimation of charisma, which he contends does not offer a sat-
isfactory explanation of suicide. He places the Heaven’s Gate belief system
in larger, spiritual sub-cultural settings, particularly that of the New Age.
This system overshadows the personality of the leader and addresses the
concerns of the members. He concludes that “the notions that death is a
potentially positive experience and that one can exit one’s body to con-
sciously re-emerge in another realm are simply not odd or irrational
within religious communities, New Age, or otherwise” (p. 127).


114


                 This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                                All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                          Saliba: The Study of UFO Religions

    Other studies, such as those by Theodore Gabriel on the Nuwaubians
(Partridge, UFO Religions, pp. 149-61), Christopher Helland on the
Ashtar Command (Partridge, UFO Religions, pp. 162–78), and Susan
Palmer and Christopher Helland on The Ground Crew (Lewis,
Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions, pp. 331-46), are useful not only
because of their presentation of new data previously unavailable in
scholarly literature, but also for their efforts to compare the variety of
beliefs and practices of UFO religions. One of the common features of
these studies is that they depict the worldviews of UFO religions as accu-
rately as possible, and make several attempts to draw up some theoreti-
cal bases for understanding them. This is rather challenging, since each
UFO religion has its unique features. The Raëlian movement, for exam-
ple, has a strong anti-catholic rhetoric that is not found in other UFO
religions and this is something that requires further study.
    Lewis’ and Partridge’s collections contain several essays that do not
deal directly with particular groups, but rather provide different back-
grounds and information that throw light on the emergence of such
religions and propose theoretical frameworks for understanding them
in a wider context. Also, Lewis’ collection, Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO
Religions, includes several essays that measure UFO beliefs, survey con-
tactee religions, or speculate on the meaning or future of UFO religions.
Robert Bartholomew, for example, sees modern UFO religions as hav-
ing a symbolic function, namely, to express the sacred in a secular world.
They are also a sign of “the innovative human capacity to adapt to
change and find meaning in a myriad ways” (p. 91). Tumminia sees fly-
ing saucers as postmodern myths. She writes that with “the dawning of
the ‘rational’ technological age, social scientists expected seculariza-
tion and science to wipe out supernatural and magical religions. This
has not happened. Instead, a magical enchanted worldview subverted
the scientific paradigm into an animistic account of space beings that
was readily available for our mass consumption” (p. 103).
    In one of the more interesting essays, Grünschloss expounds the view
that some UFO religions can be compared to cargo cults. “Cargo cults”
is the name given by anthropologists to a group of new religious move-
ments in Melanesia.28 Members of these movements believe that their
ancestors will be sending cargoes of Western European goods by means
of airplanes. The comparison between UFO religions and cargo cults is
further developed by Gary Trompf (in Partridge, UFO Religions, pp. 221 ff.),
who dwells on the similarity between their respective apocalyptic and
millenarian dimensions. The millenarian motif is definitely shared by
cargo cults and UFO religions, even though the goods and airplanes in
the former are, unlike the flying saucers and the advanced technology
of the latter, visible to all and already made present by the advent of the
colonial powers. Mikael Rothstein, on the other hand, thinks that this
difference is not very important from a millenarian perspective.29


                                                                                         115


            This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

But it could also be argued that the difference is significant because the
millenarian motif, though similar in some respects, differs radically in oth-
ers. Members of cargo cults, for example, can more easily claim that both
the cargo (European goods) and its mode of delivery (airplanes) are fea-
sible expectations because they can be observed directly by members and
non-members alike. This is certainly not the case with UFO religions,
whose members’ belief in flying saucers, extraterrestrials, and advanced
technology is not subject to similar investigation by non-members.
    Partridge’s volume also includes a section containing theoretical
essays on UFO religions. Mikael Rothstein, (Partridge, UFO Religions,
pp. 256–73) shows how UFO lore has been marginally incorporated
into the worldview of several religious groups, such as the Baha’i faith,
Mormonism, the Church of Scientology, and the International Society
for Krishna Consciousness. Two other essays deal with UFO phenomena
from a psychological perspective: in one, Robert Segal, expounds Jung’s
view on flying saucers (Partridge, UFO Religions, pp. 312-28), while in the
other I outline various interpretations which leading psychologists have
given to the UFO phenomenon (Partridge, UFO Religions, pp. 329–45).
Though these two essays are not directly related to UFO religions, they
deal with how psychologists have explained the persistent belief in UFOs
and with the mythological elements that pervade UFO culture.
    The literature reviewed in this essay provides a good starting point
for the study of UFO religions; but much more needs to be done.
Besides dealing with the research problems already referred to, a more
accurate picture of how widespread UFO religions are is required. Like
those of Palmer and Tumminia, there is also the need for more in-
depth studies of particular UFO groups. Attempts must be made to see
whether various theories used to understand UFO religions, such as
those of the social construction of reality and the phenomenon of cargo
cults, can be applied to a larger number of UFO religions. The appli-
cability to UFO religions of various sociological and psychological the-
ories of the UFO phenomenon has to be tested, though some work
along these lines may already be in progress.30

               THE SIGNIFICANCE OF UFO RELIGIONS

    Belief in flying saucers and in the existence of extraterrestrial life
is common. Analyzing various polls taken in the United States, for
example, Charles A. Ziegler concludes that “tens of millions of adults
in the United States believe that some UFOs are manifestations of an
un-Earthly intelligence. In other words, that belief is not confined to
an aberrant few but, rather, its burgeoning in the last half of the twentieth
century is a major cultural event that warrants further studies by social
scientists, including those with special interests in religion” (in
Lewis, Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions, p. 355) . The possibility of


116


                 This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                                All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                          Saliba: The Study of UFO Religions

extraterrestrial life raises both scientific and religious questions. This is
not surprising since interest and belief in alien beings is directly related
to our contemporary knowledge of the universe. Modern astronomy has
extended our frontiers of knowledge and has led to speculations about
the kind of life that might exist in other galaxies and consequently about
the type of cultures and religions that might have developed in different
parts of the universe. Although current scientific research has found no
convincing proof of intelligent life elsewhere in the universe and no
hard evidence of flying saucers or aliens here on Earth, the possibility
that we are not alone in the universe cannot be dismissed.31
    Another survey, the “Alexander UFO Report Crisis Survey” (in Lewis,
Encyclopedic Sourcebook of UFO Religions, pp. 359–70) examines the reli-
gious response to the possible existence of alien intelligences. Victor
Alexander states that the results “conclusively demonstrate that the reli-
gious leaders surveyed believed that the faith of their parishioners is
both sufficiently strong and flexible to accommodate this information”
(p. 368), and that “religious leaders did not believe that their faith and
the faith of their congregations would be challenged by contact with an
advanced extraterrestrial civilization—one with or without a religion.
According to many of the respondents, it would confirm God’s glory as
creator of the universe” (p. 369). The Alexander report, however, did
not look into the theological implications of extraterrestrial life, nor did
it explore how its respondents would make sense of alien creatures in
the context of their own religious views. Even though membership in
UFO religions is so small that one can conclude that their impact on the
major religions will be minimal, their presence offers a significant chal-
lenge which most, if not all, religions have to face: how does one incor-
porate our expanding scientific view of the cosmos into a religious world
view that has been rather Earthbound?
    At least two minor disciplines, “exobiology” and “exotheology,” have
arisen as a result of these questions. Respectively, they reflect the scien-
tific and theological questions that are asked about extraterrestrial intel-
ligences or beings. Both disciplines are highly speculative, but they are
indicative of the human quest for knowledge of the universe as a whole
and the rejection of the provincial attitude that limits research to the
planet Earth. Stephen J. Dick, the chief historian at NASA, has edited a
collection of essays that are a clear indication of the current interest
among scholars from diverse academic backgrounds in the possibility of
extraterrestrial life.32
    Exobiology, also known as astrobiology, studies the prospects of life
outside our planet.33 It speculates on the conditions that might give rise
to life, on the type of lifeforms that might have developed in different
and yet unknown environments, and on the possibility of communicat-
ing with extraterrestrial beings, if they exist. No scientist would maintain
that there is alien life of any sort on earth. Peter D. Ward, a paleontologist


                                                                                         117


            This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

at the University of Washington in Seattle, states explicitly: “We know
nothing of alien life of Earth (other than the aliens that we have con-
structed, of course), only that it might exist.”34
    Exotheology, or astrotheology, is a branch of theology which inves-
tigates the theological issues that need to be considered if extraterres-
trial life exists and if we ever make contact with extraterrestrial
intelligences. How, for example, would contemporary theologies cope
with different worldviews, supernatural beings, and moral injunctions?
    Theological and philosophical interest in other worlds has a long
history.35 In Christian theological discourse the issues discussed have
included whether God could have created worlds different from ours
and whether intelligent aliens would have a religious and/or spiritual
condition that is sinful and in need for salvation. Moreover, the ques-
tion of the role of Christ in this broader view of the cosmos remains
to be worked out. Because early speculations dealt with different
worlds that were beyond human knowledge and contact, the debate
remained within the academic community. Modern scientific explo-
rations and mass communication have extended the debate to a wider
readership.36
    Christian theologians are taking the possibility of extraterrestrial life
seriously, even though we have no evidence that such life exists and we
have no idea, if it does exist, whether contact with it is either possible or
likely to occur in the near future. John Haught argues that “even the
mere entertainment of the prospect of eventual contact—whether it
ever actually occurs or not—is a wholesome expansive exercise for the-
ology. And it seems appropriate even now to ponder some of the ques-
tions that an encounter with other worlds of intelligent beings would
raise for theological thought.”37 He maintains that contact with alien life
will have a great impact on many traditional beliefs regarding, for exam-
ple, the concept of God, the nature and importance of human beings,
and cosmic purpose. He suggests that “the cosmic vision of Teilhard de
Chardin as well as process theology (based on the concepts of the phi-
losophy of Alfred North Whitehead) are both already inherently open
to be developed into a ‘theology after contact’.”38 Another theologian,
Thomas Keith Hoffmann reflects on the possibility of extraterrestrial life
from a missiological perspective.39 He argues that exotheology includes
a dialogical and ecumenical framework, a future orientation, and a con-
text of hope; it also provides new models for exomissiology. His approach
insists that exotheology is important because it has a positive impact on
the Christian Church here on earth.
    Both exobiology and exotheology will remain theoretical and spec-
ulative unless (or until) contact with extraterrestrials is established.
What UFO religions do is take for granted that intelligent life exists in
our solar system and elsewhere, that such life has been involved in
human history from the beginning, and that communication with chosen


118


                 This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                                All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                           Saliba: The Study of UFO Religions

individuals has occurred and is still taking place. While they can be
seen as attempts to harmonize religion and science and to incorporate
modern scientific discoveries into a revised religious world view, their
major tenets are beyond (empirical) scientific investigation and verifi-
cation. Moreover, one main belief common to UFO religions, namely,
that the solution for many current human problems will come only
from alien intervention, is not presently open to scientific experimen-
tation and confirmation. They are thus unlikely to attract a large num-
ber of followers. They will remain, however, an interesting development
in the religious experience of humankind and an example of human
creativity in a changing world. Their presence will mostly likely be part
of the myriad religious scene for many years to come.


                                       ENDNOTES
1 The Gods Have Landed: New Religions from Other Worlds, ed. James R. Lewis

(Albany, N.Y.: State University of New York Press, 1995).
2 When, in February 2005, I updated the “Chen Tao” profile for the Religious

Movements Homepage Project, <www.religiousmovements.org/nrms/chentao.
html>, I could not find any reports on the group after 1999. Then, the indica-
tion was that a small remnant of the group was in New York City, involved in
social work, running a counseling and healing center. The most recent update
on the group was made in 2004 by Ryan J. Cook and can be found at <www.
cesnur.org/testi/Chen.htm>, but contains no data prior to 1999. Chen Tao’s
own Web site can no longer be accessed online, and a search conducted in April
2006 did not bring to light any new information.
3 At one point, Raëlians explain the relationship between the Raëlian Movement

and Clonaid as follows: “The Raelian Movement is a completely separate organ-
isation from Clonaid. Clonaid is a project name (not a company) and is run by
one Raëlian by the name of Dr. Brigitte Boisselier. Neither Raël nor the Raëlian
Movement fund or have any involvement in Clonaid apart from moral support
of cloning technologies” <www.rael.org/e107_plugins/faq/faq.php?cat.1.5>,
accessed 26 February 2006—though I could not find this quote when I accessed
the page again in late May 2006. The Raëlian Movement, however, admits that
the Clonaid program was set up by Raël; see <www.rael.org/download.php?view.2>,
accessed 20 June 2006, a fact acknowledged by Dr. Bosselier on Clonaid’s own
Web site, “Clonaid.com: Pioneers in Human Cloning” (<www.clonaid.com/
news.php?1>, accessed 20 June 2006).
4 See <www.aetherius.org/index.html>, accessed 3 January 2005. An early 2006

revision of this page states that the Society “is a spiritual organization comprised
of people dedicated to help, heal and uplift humanity through spiritual action”
(<www.aetherius.org/index.cfm?app=content&SectionID=28&PageID=1>,
accessed 23 January 2006).
5 See <www.unarius.org/start.html>, accessed 3 January 2005.


                                                                                          119


             This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                            All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

6 See John A. Saliba, “Religious Dimensions of UFO Phenomena,” in Lewis, ed.,

The Gods Have Landed, 15–64.
7 See Ninian Smart, Dimensions of the Sacred: An Anatomy of the World’s Beliefs

(Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press, 1996). Originally
Smart listed only five dimensions of religion; see Ninian Smart, The Religious
Experience of Mankind (New York: Scribner, 1969).
8 See, for example, Michael Molloy, Experiencing the World’s Religions: Tradition,

Challenge, and Change, 3rd. ed. (Boston: McGraw-Hill, 2005), 7.
9 In 2004, for example, Raëlians celebrated the “Year of Atheism”; see

<www.thereisnogod.info/English/Intro.php>, accessed 3 January 2006.
10 See, for example, Erich von Däniken, Chariots of God? Unsolved Mysteries of the

Past (New York: Putnam, 1970). For a short description of von Däniken’s theory
of the origin of the human species, see John Robertson Allan, The Gospel Accord-
ing to Science Fiction: God Was an Ancient Astronaut, Wasn’t He? (Milford, Mich.:
Quill Publications, 1975), 22.
11 Max Weber, A Theory of Social and Economic Organization, trans. A. R. Henderson

and Talcott Parsons (New York: Oxford University Press, 1947), 363–73.
12 See Christopher Partridge, “Alien Demonology: The Christian Roots of the

Malevolent Extraterrestrial in UFO Religions and Abduction Spiritualities,”
Religion 34 (2004): 163–89. See also my essay, “Religious Dimensions of UFO
Phenomena,” in The Gods Have Landed, 32–41, in which I describe the various
types of Christian interpretations of UFOs.
13 Other UFO religions, based elsewhere, are also active. One of the largest of

these is probably the “Cosmic People of Light Powers,” also known as “The
Universe People” (<www.universe-people.com/english/default.htm>). This
UFO religion is led by Ivo A. Benda from the Slovac Republic. It boasts a Web
site containing five thousand pages of text translated into twenty languages.
Another group, “Fiat Lux,” led by Uriella, is a small, German UFO religion. It
does not have a Web site, because its members believe that the letters “www,”
which are part of an Internet address, represent the number “666,” often iden-
tified in some Christian circles as the sign of the Antichrist. A short article on
Fiat Lux, by Andreas Grünschloss, can be found at (<wwwuser.gwdg.de/~agruens/
UFO/fiatlux.html>, accessed 16 May 2006).
14 See <www.religiousmovements.org/nrms/heavensgate_mirror/index.html>,

accessed 10 March 2006. Besides statements of the group’s purpose and mission,
this site reproduces the book How and When Heaven’s Gate May Be Entered. The
Heaven’s Gate Web site is also mirrored at <www.wave.net/upg/gate>, accessed
10 March 2006.
15 See <www.aquarianconcepts.org/>, accessed 5 April 2006.

16 Baptism, or transmission, is the movement’s initiation ritual during which

Raël or one of his guides who, after Raël, are at the top of the movement’s hier-
archical structure, “dips his or her hands in a bowl of water and holds the initi-
ate’s head” (Palmer, Aliens Adored, 59). This ritual expresses the initiate’s formal
recognition of the Elohim as the creators.
17 The Clonaid Web site states that there are 60,000 Raëlians in almost 100

countries.


120


                  This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                                 All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                           Saliba: The Study of UFO Religions

18 <www.aetherius.org/index.cfm?app=content&SectionID=39&PageID=95>,

accessed 10 May 2006.
19 For some of Palmer’s studies see “Women as Playmate in the Raëlian

Movement: Power and Pantagamy in a New Religion,” Syzygy: Journal of Alter-
native Religion and Culture 1, no.3 (1992): 227–45; “The Raëlian Movement,”
in New Religions in the New Europe, ed. Robert Towler (Aarhus, Denmark:
Aarhus University Press, 1995), 194–210; “Women in the Raëlian Movement:
New Religious Experiments in Gender and Authority,” in Lewis, ed., The Gods
Have Landed, 105–136; “The Raëlians Are Coming: The Future of a New
UFO Religion,” in Madeleine Cousineau, ed., Religion in a Changing World:
Comparative Studies in Sociology, ed. Madeleine Cousineau (Westport, CT:
Praeger, 1998), 139–46; I Raëliani (Turin, Italy: Elledici, 2000); and Bryan
Sentes and Susan Palmer, “Presume Immanent: The Raëlians, UFO Religions,
and the Postmodern Condition,” Nova Religio 4, no. 1 (2000): 86–105. For a
more recent essay, see “The Raëlian Movement: Concocting Controversy,
Seeking Social Legitimacy,” in Controversial Religious Movements, ed. James R.
Lewis and Jesper Aagaard Petersen (New York: Oxford University Press, 2005),
371–85.
20 The interpretation of “Elohim” and “sons of Gods” as referring respec-

tively to aliens from other planets and to the offspring of sexual unions
between aliens and human beings is not found in biblical scholarship. See,
for example, The Jerusalem Bible (Garden City, NH: Doubleday and Co., 1966),
21, n. 6a; and Martin Rose, “Names of God in the Old Testament,” in The
Anchor Bible Dictionary, ed. David Noel Freedman (New York: Doubleday, 1992),
vol. 4, 1007.
21 See Diana Tumminia, “How Prophecy Never Fails: Interpretative Reason in a

Flying-Saucer Group,” Sociology of Religion 59 no. 2 (1998), 157–70; “In the
Dreamtime of the Saucer People: Sense-Making and Interpretative Boundaries
in a Contactee Group,” Journal of Contemporary Ethnography 31 (2002), 675–705;
Diana Tumminia and R. George Kilpatrick, “Unarius: Emergent Aspects of an
American Flying Saucer Group,” in Lewis, ed., The Gods Have Landed, 85–100;
and R. George Kilpatrick, and Diana Tumminia, “California Space Goddess: The
Mystagogue in a Flying Saucer Cult,” in Twentieth-Century Religious Movements in
New-Weberian Perspective, ed. William H. Swatos (Lewiston, N.Y.: Edwin Mellen
Press, 1992), 299–311. Although “Unarians” would seem to be the way to spell
this, Tumminia points out that members of the group insist that the correct
spelling is “Unariuns.”
22 See Peter L. Berger and Thomas Luckmann, The Social Construction of Reality:

A Treatise on the Sociology of Knowledge (London: Penguin Books, 1966).
23 This essay was previously published in the Sociology of Religion 59 no.2 (1998):

157–70.
24 For an excellent discussion of the problems involved in her ethnographic

work with the Unariuns, see Tumminia, “In the Dreamtime of the Saucer
People.”
25 See Bryan R. Wilson, The Social Dimensions of Sectarianism: New Religious Move-

ments in Contemporary Society (London and New York: Oxford University Press,
1990), esp. 267–88.


                                                                                          121


             This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                            All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

26 This essay was originally published in the electronic journal, The Marburg Jour-

nal of Religion 4 no. 2., and can be accessed at <http://web.uni-marburg.de/reli-
gionswissenschaft/journal/mjr/saliba.html>.The earliest study of the Aetherius
Society is Roy Wallis, “The Aetherius Society: A Case Study in the Formation of
a Mystagogue Congregation,” Sociological Review 22 (1974), 27–44.
27 Most of Balch and Taylor’s publications are listed in the Heaven’s Gate profile on

the Religious Movements Homepage, <www.religiousmovements.org/nrms/hgprofile.
html>, which I updated in 2005.
28 For some of the classical studies of these movements, see Peter Worsley, The

Trumpet Shall Sound: A Study of “Cargo Cults” in Melanesia (London: MacGibbon,
1957); and Kenelm Burridge, New Heaven, New Earth: A Study of Millenarian
Activities (London: Methuen, 1960). For more recent studies see G. W. Trompf,
Cargo Cults and Millenarian Movements (Berlin: Mouton de Gruyter, 1990); and
Jebens Holger, ed., Cargo, Cult, and Culture Critique (Honolulu: University of
Hawai’i Press, 2004).
29 Mikael Rothstein, I Culti dei Dischi Volanti (Turin, Italy: Elledici, 1999), 27.

30 Diana Tumminia and James R. Lewis, eds., Alien Worlds: The Social and Religious

Dimensions of UFO Phenomena, (Syracuse, NY: Syracuse University Press, forth-
coming).
31 Many scientists are involved in exploring the question of whether extrater-

restrial life exists. The most well-known project devoted to this is the “Search for
Extraterrestrial Intelligence” (SETI). On its Web site, SETI encourages lay peo-
ple to participate in the search using their personal home computers. See
<http://setiathome.berkeley.edu>, accessed 25 May 2006.
32 Stephen J. Dick, ed., Many Worlds: The New Universe, Extraterrestrial Life, and the

Theological Implications (Philadelphia: Templeton Foundation Press, 2000). See
also his two books, Life on Other Worlds: The Twentieth Century Extraterrestrial Life
Debate (New York: Cambridge University Press, 1998); and Extraterrestrial Life and
Our World View at the Turn of the Millennium (Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Insti-
tute Libraries, 2000).
33 See, for example, John M. Aguiar, “A Biologist’s View of Life Out There,” Mer-

cury (San Francisco, Calif.) 28 no. 2 (1999): 20–25; Charles Siebert, “The Genesis
Project,” New York Times (26 September 2004): sec. 6, 51–55; Martin Rees, “Our
Greatest Quest,” New Scientist 179, no. 2403 (12 July 2003): 25–27; and Oliver
Sacks, “Anybody Out There?,” Natural History 111, no. 9 (November 2002): 28–40.
34 Peter D. Ward, Life As We Know It: The NASA Search for (and Synthesis of) Alien

Life (New York: Viking Penguin, 2005), 141.
35 Stephen J. Dick, Plurality of Worlds: The Origins of the Extraterrestrial Life Debate

from Democritus to Kant (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1982); and
Thomas F. O’Meara, “Christian Theology and Extraterrestrial Intelligent Life,”
Theological Studies 60 (1999), 3–30.
36 Jack A. Jennings, “UFOs: The Next Theological Challenge?,” Christian Century

95 no. 6 (22 February 1978): 184–89.
37 John Haught, “Theology after Contact: Religion and Extraterrestrial Intelligent

Life,” Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences 950 (December 2001): 296. Haught,
who teaches at Georgetown University, is well know for his work on theology and
evolution. See, for example, his books, God after Darwin: A Theology of Evolution


122


                   This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                                  All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                           Saliba: The Study of UFO Religions

(Boulder, Colo.: Westview Press, 2000); and Deeper than Darwin: The Prospect for
Religion in an Age of Evolution (Boulder, Colo.: Westview Press, 2003).
38 Haught, “Theology after Contact,” 306.

39 Hoffmann is the Director of Evangelism and Church Development for the

Eurasia Conferences of the United Methodist Church. See his article “Exomis-
siology: The Launching of Exotheology,” Dialogue: A Journal of Theology 43
(2004): 324–37.


                                                                                          123


             This content downloaded from 130.102.42.98 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:49:42 AM
                            All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
