{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T09:12:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 88836, "source_ctime_ns": 1790203934393974952, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-05-26_Entertainment-Weekly_From-the-Archives-Harry-Dean-Stanton-Is-Wild-at-Heart.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790203934386033827, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-05-26_Entertainment-Weekly_From-the-Archives-Harry-Dean-Stanton-Is-Wild-at-Heart.pdf", "source_sha256": "5564c72c8091829655eeacf7bb9c368c67266f5dc07215bd82ca9c8c6cfef5ee"}

Photo: Michael Buckner/Getty Images
Harry Dean Stanton, whose lengthy film and TV tenure included roles in Pretty in Pink, Big Love, Repo Man, and Wim
Wenders’ Paris, Texas, has died at the age of 91. In 2006, EW’s Karen Valby spoke to Stanton, who worked with everyone
from Alfred Hitchcock to Justin Timberlake, about his formidable career.
Finding Harry Dean Stanton is a bit of a trick, for he literally lives off the beaten path. To get to his bachelor cabin on Los Angeles’
famous Mulholland Drive, one must first find the hidden driveway, wind down a steep hill, and climb up a flight of rickety wooden
steps. The door to his lair, nestled in a rustling thicket of trees overlooking the San Fernando Valley, is ajar; his doormat bears a
smiling green alien announcing “Welcome UFO’s and Crews.”
Stanton is standing inside in bare feet and a black bathrobe, and his ragged wolf face looks weary. He didn’t make it to bed the night
before, too busy drinking and playing the guitar, and he missed a lunch earlier with his old friend and former roommate Jack
Nicholson. When he passes a mirror, he grabs at his wild mane in disgust. “My hair looks like s—!” he roars, without losing the
American Spirit clenched between his papery lips.
He is perhaps the greatest character actor alive. Weeks from his 80th birthday, Stanton has been in over 150 films and TV series. A
short list of the directors he’s worked with includes Alfred Hitchcock, Sam Peckinpah, Martin Scorsese, Francis Ford Coppola,
John Carpenter, John Huston, Ridley Scott, David Lynch, and Terry Gilliam. He played a romantic leading man just once, to stoic,
heartbreaking effect, in Wim Wenders’ 1984 Palme d’Or winner Paris, Texas. However, he usually shows up as the dignified but
doomed criminal, or, conversely, the dignified but doomed lawman. In Pretty in Pink, as Molly Ringwald’s crumpled, tender father,
he hooked the girls in the audience, and in Repo Man, playing the antiestablishment buddy with the best lines, he got the guys.
Something about that bony face, and those vulnerable sunken eyes that have seen it all and then some, elevates whatever movie he’s
in, no matter how small his role.
“Harry Dean exudes a spiritual awareness that’s steeped in deep sadness, and it’s so compelling to watch on film,” says Nicolas
Cage, who starred with him in Wild at Heart and later directed him in 2003’s Sonny. “He’s a compelling man to be around as well
because he defies a lot of laws. It’s remarkable to me that he’s into his 70s and is still up all night. He came over to my house once
and we had some drinks. I had a motorcycle in my living room, and he got on and straddled it like he was all of 18 years old. I
                       File: 2006 05 26_Entertainment Weekly_From the Archives Harry Dean Stanton Is Wild at Heart.pdf
                                          URL: https://ew.com/movies/2006/05/26/talking-harry-dean-stanton/
remember just thinking, ‘How is he doing this? Why is he doing this? How is it possible?'”
How is it possible that the old man sitting there on his old sofa, hairless little calves propped up on a coffee table covered in ash and
harmonicas and Mardi Gras beads, has both the critically acclaimed HBO series Big Love and four upcoming movies — bit parts in
David Lynch’s Inland Empire, Nick Cassavetes’ Alpha Dog, the Wilson brothers’ comedy The Wendell Baker Story, and
another Owen Wilson comedy, You, Me and Dupree — in the can? He lights another cigarette and exhales slowly. How is Harry
Dean Stanton still alive?
When speaking about his formidable career, Stanton can be a man of few words. Of his stellar work on Big Love, on which he
plays the snarling leader of a polygamist cult, Stanton shrugs and acknowledges he’s never seen an episode. “I’m getting some of the
best reviews I’ve ever got,” he says. “I can take it or leave it. What do I have to say about the series? The writing’s good.” He’s not
one for self-promotion; he doesn’t remember many specifics about the new Lynch film (“but I always loved working with David”),
and questions about Alpha Dog seem to exhaust him. “I don’t know,” he says, his gravelly voice a bit wheezy. “I get tired of talking
about it after a while. I’ve been doing it for so long.”
Born in West Irvine, Kentucky, on July 14, 1926, raised by strict Southern Baptist parents, Stanton moved to California after a tour
of duty in the Navy during World War II. His first movie role was playing a soldier in 1957’s Tomahawk Trail, and he’d spend the
next several years playing cowboys and soldiers in Westerns. But his loose, laconic style wouldn’t take hold until 1967’s outlaw epic
Ride in the Whirlwind, which starred — and was written by — his pal Nicholson. He had been Nicholson’s best man at his 1962
wedding to Sandra Knight, and when the couple divorced six years later, they lived together for a spell in Stanton’s Laurel Canyon
house.
“Jack called me and said, ‘Harry, I’ve written this part for you,'” remembers Stanton, “‘but I don’t want you to do anything.'”
Nicholson’s pivotal direction — “Let the wardrobe do the acting and just play yourself” — continues to inform Stanton’s work
today. “After Jack said that, my whole approach to acting opened up,” he says. “I was the head of a gang, I had a patch over one
eye and a derby hat, and my name was Blind Dick Reilly. I saw that when playing a head of a gang, or a three-star general, or the
head of a corporation, you don’t have to do anything. It dawned on me that the crew, the writers, the director, and the thousands
and thousands of people who watch it all know that I’m the head of a gang. I can be indecisive, I can make mistakes, but I’m still the
head of a gang. So that just freed me.”
This spontaneous approach obviously doesn’t work for everybody; not every ingenue can pull her hair back and put on a pair of
glasses and convince the audience that she’s a nuclear physicist. “Then they’re not being,” Stanton shrugs. “They’re just acting, I
guess.” He remembers the words of Oscar winner Maximilian Schell (Judgment at Nuremberg). He told him, “To be a fine actor,
one must never put on an act. Never on stage, and never off.”
Stanton next joined Nicholson on Arthur Penn’s The Missouri Breaks in 1976, where he befriended Marlon Brando. “I saw Harry
Dean make one of the bravest and most inspired moves I’ve ever had the chance to witness,” Nicholson once marveled about their
meeting. In the scene where Brando is supposed to kill Stanton’s cattle rustler character, the legendary actor was decked out in a
hammy costume of a wig, floral dress, and bonnet. Outraged that he was going to be gunned down by a man in a dress, Stanton
jumped Brando off screen, wrestled him to the ground, and ripped that ridiculous outfit from Brando’s already massive girth.
“There was so much star power there on set, with Marlon and Jack,” explains Stanton, grinning fondly now. “So I tore that dress
right off of him and, oh, yeah, Marlon loved it. Because that’s something he would do. You never knew what he was going to do, on
camera or off. He had great unpredictability, such spontaneity. He was always good, even when he got fat as a pig.” When Brando
was alive, the two insomniacs would stay on the phone until dawn practicing Shakespearean monologues. “‘Tomorrow, and
tomorrow, and tomorrow, creeps in this petty pace from day to day,'” Stanton quotes from Macbeth, remembering how Brando
made him rehearse the piece over and over again.
Stanton’s house is something of a memorial to the many great friends he’s made over the years. (He has a photograph of Brando in
his Missouri Breaks drag, signed “Harry, I don’t know what you’re doing but you don’t tear somebody’s dress off when they have
a gun. Love always, Marlon.”) The mantelpiece is full of black-and-white shots of old girlfriends, including one of Rebecca De
Mornay. The two met when the actress was 19 years old, while she was apprenticing on the set of Francis Ford Coppola’s 1982
love story One From the Heart, and they were together for a year and a half.
“There’s a massive age difference between us,” says De Mornay, now 44, “but he’s obviously very young at heart. He is my longest
friend in life. You can count on Harry Dean’s complete honesty and authenticity every minute, and that is very rare. It’s what makes
him such an incredible actor and it makes him an incredible friend.” She gave him the white stuffed dog lying on the sofa next to
Stanton’s head. They named him Trouble.
Ask Stanton if he has a girlfriend today and he answers with some swagger, “No, I have girlfriends.” He never did get married.
“Thank God they all said no,” he laughs sharply. “I just wasn’t psychologically made to get married or, God forbid, be a father.” He
says he has “one, maybe two” sons. “I talk with one of them every now and then.” He sighs, and lights another cigarette.

                       File: 2006 05 26_Entertainment Weekly_From the Archives Harry Dean Stanton Is Wild at Heart.pdf
                                          URL: https://ew.com/movies/2006/05/26/talking-harry-dean-stanton/
He played a lost man unfit for a wife and child in Paris, Texas. His career-defining performance won him raves, but he was robbed
of an Academy Award nomination and would never get another shot at a romantic leading role. “Harry goes his own way, and a lot
of people may have had a problem with that in Hollywood,” says Cage. “That’s why he remains uncompromised as an artist,
because he’s never really done anything but told the truth. I could see where some people may not know how to handle that.”
Soon after, Stanton costarred in Alex Cox’s biting punk fantasy Repo Man. “He had that Old West skeletony thing that was
irresistible for European film directors,” says Cox about casting Stanton as the speed-snorting elder statesman who takes Emilio
Estevez under his grizzled wing. “For me, it had to be Dennis Hopper or Harry Dean.” The cult film endeared Stanton to young men
everywhere, who continue to quote the Code back to him wherever he goes, but the production was not without tension. “He was
58, and I was 29,” remembers Cox. “I think the gap between our ages made it difficult for Harry to accept me as a director. He
didn’t want to learn his lines at first. He insisted that Warren Oates had read his lines off cards stuck to the rearview mirror in Two-
Lane Blacktop, and he would do the same. I told him this would be a breach of his Screen Actors Guild contract. Luckily he
believed me.”
Stanton admits he had “problems at times” with Cox on set. “But Repo Man was a brilliant satire,” he concludes. “So I hand him
that. Somebody once said, ‘Never judge the artist. Judge the art.'”
The phone on the couch jangles loudly, and Stanton punches the speaker button. “Yeah.”
“You watching Lingo?” It’s his guitarist Jamie James calling about a program on the Game Show Network, Stanton’s favorite TV
channel. “You see the girl in the dress?” James chortles appreciatively. Stanton hangs up and pulls out the remote. “We haven’t had
a girl on in a while. Let me just see what she’s got on. Oh, there she is,” he says approvingly, admiring Chuck Woolery’s young
blond assistant with feathered hair and a low-cut electric blue dress. “She’s better-looking than Vanna White.”
The living room is crowded with microphones and amps and the two guitars Stanton uses for gigs. In high school, Stanton sang in
glee clubs and had a barbershop quartet, but it was legendary guitarist Ry Cooder, composer of the haunting soundtrack to Paris,
Texas, who convinced him he had real chops. On the album, Stanton sings an old Mexican lament, “Canción Mixteca,” and it’s a
gem of a jukebox song, made for late nights of beers and tears.
Stanton worked with music legend Bob Dylan on the 1973 production of Sam Peckinpah’s Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid. “We
became good friends after that. We drove all the way once from Guadalajara, Mexico, to Kansas City to see the singer Leon
Russell,” he remembers. “I met him first at a studio in Santa Monica and we recorded a couple songs, and he asked me if I wanted a
copy. I said no.” Ask him why and he sighs wearily. “Neur-o-tic,” he says, each syllable a stab. “Shooting myself in the foot,” he
says with a great sniff. Cooder once approached him about producing a record with him, and more recently, so has T Bone Burnett.
“A lot of them talk about it all the time, but I never pursued it,” says Stanton. He shrugs again. “I like to do nothing.”
Today, he mostly plays pickup gigs with James at local L.A. clubs like Mint and the Hotel Café. (He also sang at his friend Hunter S.
Thompson’s funeral.) Wherever he goes, he carries a worn-out song list in his pocket.”Just to remind myself that I’m a singer,” he
says. “I do all the classics, like Dylan, Kristofferson, Jimmy Reed, Mexican mariachi songs, some jazz songs from the ’30s. Cole
Porter’s ‘Begin the Beguine,’ that’s one of my favorites.” Another favorite is the Italian love song “Torna a Surriento,” and when
asked, Stanton breaks smoothly into a tender rendition. His voice, suddenly free of fatigue, is pure and clear.
“You can’t quite believe that this voice comes out of this guy,” says Owen Wilson. The two first met on a plane to Hawaii to shoot
the 2004 comedy The Big Bounce. “Harry Dean sits down and I think he was a little stressed-out because he was traveling and they
wouldn’t let him smoke on board. The stewardess asks him what he wanted, and he said, ‘Something tropical and make it a
double!’ I always thought that would be a great title for a movie.” (Wilson has an idea for a buddy comedy the two might do
together.) When they later shot The Wendell Baker Story in Austin, Wilson says, Stanton lost some of his ghostly pallor. “He gets
on a bit of a night owl schedule in Los Angeles,” he says. “When he’s working and gets a tan going, he really looks incredible. We’d
work all day and he’d stay up all night dancing.”
Debbie Harry once sang that “I want that man, I want to dance with Harry Dean….” When reminded of the lyric, Stanton positively
beams. “I love her. She’s gorgeous. We met after that,” he says with a sly grin, “and oh, we danced.”
When Stanton was in his 20s, he stumbled across a tattered copy of Ralph Waldo Emerson’s essays in the dirt. “It was a romantic
find,” he says. “I read it and started underlining it.” Hooked into the transcendentalist wavelength, Stanton’s devoted his life to
studying enlightened thinkers like Lao-tzu and the philosopher Eckhart Tolle. There’s a print above his bedroom door that reads
“Peace in Every Step.”
Ask him if he’s proud of his career, and he snorts, “Pride goeth before the fall.” Ask him if he’s a happy man, and he practically spits
in response to such a banal question. “I don’t know how to answer that,” he says. “I’m just dealing with what’s happening, with
what is. Joy, happiness, good, bad, all those terms are meaningless to me. If you think of yourself as a separate soul, you’re f—ed,”
he cautions. “You’re seeking, you’re expecting something. It’s all right to be ambitious and go out there and kick ass and all of this
bulls—, but you’re under stress all the time. Am I going to be accepted? Am I going to be famous? That crosses your mind, but you
                       File: 2006 05 26_Entertainment Weekly_From the Archives Harry Dean Stanton Is Wild at Heart.pdf
                                          URL: https://ew.com/movies/2006/05/26/talking-harry-dean-stanton/
don’t hang on to it or get attached to it.”
His 30-year-old assistant, Logan, an aspiring actor in a Navy T-shirt and beat-up USC cap, arrives, bearing cartridges for the fax
machine and two new cartons of American Spirits. The two spend a lot of time sitting around talking. “If George Lucas met Harry,”
admires Logan, “he’d think he was a cross between Yoda and Obi-Wan.” “Yoda said the same type of Eastern stuff, did he?”
wonders Stanton. “Huh, I’ll have to see those movies again.”
The sun starts to set and his phone rings. Stanton’s friend and neighbor Will McCormack, who has a role in Courteney Cox’s
upcoming FX series, Dirt, wants to take him to a wrap party later that night. “What are the hours of the soiree?” Stanton asks, firing
up another cigarette. “Nine, or maybe even 10, right? Oh, good, good,” he says, his lion’s voice softening to a purr. “We’ll have a
good time. I was hoping to get in a half hour of sleep beforehand, but it doesn’t look like that’s going to happen.”
“It’s hard to find an actor who doesn’t admire him,” says De Mornay. “They need to be around him because, in terms of being true
to himself, he’s such the real thing. He just is who he is. He needs to live alone, he needs to smoke cigarettes, he needs to be around
people who aren’t boring. If someone can really present the dynamics of what it is to be a plumber, he is literally as riveted by that
person as he is by the Dalai Lama or a famous actor. He’s just one of a kind. When it comes to staying up all night, never getting
sick, he can outdistance anyone. He is as old as he is, and none of us are immortal. But Harry Dean…,” she laughs, her thought
trailing lightly off into the air like a ribbon of smoke.


Fargo cast: See the actors from the classic Coen brothers film, then and now


                        File: 2006 05 26_Entertainment Weekly_From the Archives Harry Dean Stanton Is Wild at Heart.pdf
                                           URL: https://ew.com/movies/2006/05/26/talking-harry-dean-stanton/
Tim Allen says he already recorded the first five-hour session for Toy Story 5: 'It's a very clever story'


Daniel Stern recalls Joe Pesci actually biting Macaulay Culkin's finger in Home Alone: 'He's a scary dude'


                       File: 2006 05 26_Entertainment Weekly_From the Archives Harry Dean Stanton Is Wild at Heart.pdf
                                          URL: https://ew.com/movies/2006/05/26/talking-harry-dean-stanton/
David Fincher almost directed a Harry Potter movie, but wanted to make it 'kind of creepy'


Early Hitchcock and Disney films, song 'Singin' in the Rain,' A Farewell to Arms, and more enter public domain in 2025


Billy Crystal recalls being taught by a 'very scary' Martin Scorsese while studying film at NYU
                       File: 2006 05 26_Entertainment Weekly_From the Archives Harry Dean Stanton Is Wild at Heart.pdf
                                          URL: https://ew.com/movies/2006/05/26/talking-harry-dean-stanton/
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan announces birth of first child


Downton Abbey 3's tribute to Maggie Smith will feel 'more meaningful' following her death


                      File: 2006 05 26_Entertainment Weekly_From the Archives Harry Dean Stanton Is Wild at Heart.pdf
                                         URL: https://ew.com/movies/2006/05/26/talking-harry-dean-stanton/
The Josh Hartnett renaissance will continue with Colleen Hoover thriller Verity


Home Alone director Chris Columbus quit Christmas Vacation after bizarre meetings with Chevy Chase: 'I couldn’t work with the
guy'


                      File: 2006 05 26_Entertainment Weekly_From the Archives Harry Dean Stanton Is Wild at Heart.pdf
                                         URL: https://ew.com/movies/2006/05/26/talking-harry-dean-stanton/
Keanu Reeves says his 'heart' wants to do John Wick 5 but doesn't know if his 'knees can do it'


How to watch New Year's Eve TV specials while ringing in 2025 from your couch


                      File: 2006 05 26_Entertainment Weekly_From the Archives Harry Dean Stanton Is Wild at Heart.pdf
                                         URL: https://ew.com/movies/2006/05/26/talking-harry-dean-stanton/
Jesse Eisenberg thinks his Lex Luthor portrayal was 'so poorly received' it 'actually hurt my career'


Bill Skarsgård unpacks his dramatic Nosferatu transformation: 'Either this will come alive or it won't'


                       File: 2006 05 26_Entertainment Weekly_From the Archives Harry Dean Stanton Is Wild at Heart.pdf
                                          URL: https://ew.com/movies/2006/05/26/talking-harry-dean-stanton/
Babygirl director says the film is her answer to Nicole Kidman's Eyes Wide Shut role


Andrew Garfield denies Spider-Man 4 casting rumors, but knows 'no one's gonna trust anything I say'
Newsletters

Follow Us


      TV
      Movies
      Music
      What To Watch
      Binge
      Celebrity
      The Awardist
      Books
      Theater
      About Us
      Terms of Service
      Subscribe
      Advertise
      Diversity & Inclusion Pledge
      Careers
      Privacy Policy
       EU Privacy

                      File: 2006 05 26_Entertainment Weekly_From the Archives Harry Dean Stanton Is Wild at Heart.pdf
                                         URL: https://ew.com/movies/2006/05/26/talking-harry-dean-stanton/
Entertainment Weekly is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family.


                      File: 2006 05 26_Entertainment Weekly_From the Archives Harry Dean Stanton Is Wild at Heart.pdf
                                         URL: https://ew.com/movies/2006/05/26/talking-harry-dean-stanton/
