{"created_utc": "2026-09-13T15:56:14Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 310277, "source_ctime_ns": 1788575417425026262, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-02-13_India-Today_UFO-sighting-in-Himachal-Lahaul-Spiti-district-remains-a-mystery.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788575417409189419, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-02-13_India-Today_UFO-sighting-in-Himachal-Lahaul-Spiti-district-remains-a-mystery.pdf", "source_sha256": "53fd739781c4c019efb44bb9e2801e5c56e5e5099f7e0385db5cb4feb6f028b4"}

India Today
      Aaj Tak
      GNTTV
      Lallantop
      Business Today
      Bangla
      Malayalam
      Northeast
      BT Bazaar
      Harper's Bazaar
      Sports Tak
      Crime Tak
      Astro Tak
      Gaming
      Brides Today
      Cosmopolitan
      Kisan Tak
      Ishq FM
      India Today Hindi
      Reader’s Digest
      Aaj Tak Campus
      India Today
      Aaj Tak
      GNTTV
      Lallantop
      Business Today
      Bangla
      Malayalam
      Northeast
      BT Bazaar
      Harper's Bazaar
      Sports Tak

  SIGN IN
Edition
IN
      IN
      US
 Subscribe

      Home
        TV
           Live TV
           Primetime

      Elections
             Delhi
             Maharashtra
             Jharkhand

      Magazine
            Latest Edition
            Insight
            Best Colleges
        Life+Style

      India
                         File: 2006 02 13_India Today_UFO sighting in Himachal Lahaul Spiti district remains a mystery.pdf
URL: https://www.indiatoday.in/magazine/science-and-technology/story/20060213-ufo-sighting-in-himachal-lahaul-spiti-district-remains-a-mystery-783701-2006-
                                                                         02-12
         South
         Global
         Business

      All Sports
            Sports Today
            Cricket
            Football
            Tennis
         Technology

      Entertainment
             Showbuzz
             Bollywood
             Hollywood
             OTT
             Latest Reviews
        Newspresso
             Specials
              Podcasts
              First Things Fast
              Sunday Special
              History of It
              NewsMo
              DIU
              Interactives
              Opinion
              Games

      Videos
       Short Videos

      Fact Check
          Other News
            Education
            It's Viral
            Science
            Health
            Auto
            Law Today
            Environment
            Cities
            Weather
            Web Stories
            Horoscopes

Download App


Follow Us On:

UFO sighting in Himachal Lahaul-Spiti district remains a
mystery
Was it a spy drone from across the border? Was it a weather balloon? More
than a year after it was first sighted, the authorities are nowhere close to
                         File: 2006 02 13_India Today_UFO sighting in Himachal Lahaul Spiti district remains a mystery.pdf
URL: https://www.indiatoday.in/magazine/science-and-technology/story/20060213-ufo-sighting-in-himachal-lahaul-spiti-district-remains-a-mystery-783701-2006-
                                                                         02-12
solving this Himalayan riddle.
Live TV

Share


RAMESH VINAYAK
ISSUE DATE: Feb 13, 2006 | UPDATED: Mar 12, 2012 16:05 IST
Tucked away high in 15,000-ft glaciated mountains, Chandratal, the only sacred lake in the Lahaul-Spiti district of Himachal
Pradesh, has for long been steeped in mythology. Legend has it that the crescent-shaped pristine water body is an abode of fairies
who descend on Earth on moonlit nights.
But the glacier-bound uninhabited terrain has come to be associated with an equally incredible tale doing the rounds in India's top
space and defence establishments - the sighting of an unidentified flying object or UFO at the Samudra Tapu region, a de-glaciated
valley at an eight-hour trek from Chandratal.
                                                                      More than a year after a five-member team of glaciologists and geologists
  WHAT IS A UFO?                                                      had a 40-minute encounter with a balloon-shaped object straight out of
  A UFO or Unidentified Flying Object is defined as an                The X-Files, the incident continues to baffle a section of the Indian
  object or optical phenomenon observed in the sky                    scientific community.
  which cannot be identified even after a thorough
  probe. The accepted opinion of the mainstream                       Both Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and the army are
  scientific community is that probably all UFO sightings             aware of the matter which figured even in Parliament last year when the
  result from misidentification of natural and man-made               minister of state with the Prime Minister's Office had, in a written reply,
  phenomenon, deliberate hoaxes or psychological                      confirmed the ISRO report on the UFO sighting.
  delusion.
                                                                      It was the penultimate day of a week-long expedition undertaken by
                                                                      Ahmedabad-based Space Application Centre (SAC) of ISRO on
                                                                      September 27, 2004. The team comprising three SAC scientists and two
                                                                      geologists had pitched camp in the valley some 17,000 ft above sea level.
                                                                      They were studying the Chandra basin glacier using satellite data. Around
                                                                      6.45 a.m., as the scientists were preparing to leave their tents, one of the
                                                                      porters spotted a white object on top of an adjacent mountain ridge, and
                                                                      screamed: "Sir, the snow man is coming."
  A five-member team of glaciologists and                             Anil Kulkarni, a senior ISRO scientist who has been mapping glaciers for
  geologists from SAC                                                 a quarter century, and his team members saw what appeared to be a
  WHO SAW IT?                                                         robot floating a few inches above the ground, approaching the camp
                          File: 2006 02 13_India Today_UFO sighting in Himachal Lahaul Spiti district remains a mystery.pdf
 URL: https://www.indiatoday.in/magazine/science-and-technology/story/20060213-ufo-sighting-in-himachal-lahaul-spiti-district-remains-a-mystery-783701-2006-
                                                                          02-12
  A five-member team of glaciologists and geologists                  along the mountain slope. Kulkarni and his co-researcher, geologist Sunil
  from the Ahmedabad-based Space Application                          Dhar, pulled out their digital cameras and began shooting the object even
  Centre (SAC) of ISRO in September 2004, including                   as the team raced towards the mountain to investigate.
  (right to left) its leader Anil Kulkarni, geologists Rajiv
  Kalia, Sunil Dhar and SAC scientist Sushil Singh. The               The oblong object, between 3 and 4 ft high, kept moving down the slope
  team had camped at Samudra Tapu, a huge de-                         towards the team. It had a cylindrical head with two balloon-type
  glaciated valley.                                                   attachments, a body, hands and two legs. "It seemed to be walking,
                                                                      planting and pacing its steps like a human being," recalls Dhar.
                                                                      It seems when the object reached the lower edge of the hill, 50 m away
                                                                      from the stunned scientists, the team members' excitement alarmed it. It
                                                                      stood still for a few seconds, turned and started a steep 70-degree
                                                                      ascent towards the ridge top. By this time, apparently due to the rays of
                                                                      the rising sun, its colour had changed to black. Soon it changed to white
                                                                      again, hovered above the camp for five minutes before noiselessly
                                                                      receding into a white dot in the sky.
  UFO sighting                                                        Ever since 1947 when businessman Kenneth Arnold sparked off a
  WHY IS THIS A UFO?                                                  worldwide UFO mania reportedly spotting flying discs, thousands of fake
  SIGHTING: Seen by all 11 members of the                             sightings have been reported from across the globe. It would have also
  expedition. Scientific community has been unable to                 been easy to write off the Samudra Tapu sighting as a mistaken aerial
  conclusively identify the object. PHOTOGRAPHS:                      phenomenon except that it was observed and reported by a group of
  The pictures taken by the scientists confirm that there             scientists willing to stick out their necks and reputations to swear by what
  was indeed something and they were not suffering                    they saw.
  from high-altitude hallucinations. FLIGHT: The object
  manoeuvred on ground and in air, defying gravity and                From the photographs, the UFO looks like a bunch of balloons caught in
  wind direction, negotiated terrain, changed colour and              a mountain draft, but an SAC report claims the object displayed complex
  took off vertically, the most challenging aspect of                 manoeuvrability. "It is a riddle beyond human perception," says Dhar
  aviation technology.                                                who, along with Kulkarni, has contacted robotic labs across the world to
                                                                      determine what is technologically possible in unmanned flying vehicles.
                                                      "It didn't look like a
                                                      man-made object,"
                                                      adds geologist
                                                      Rajesh Kalia. Even
                                                      more incredible is
  Seen at Samundra region, HP                         the photographic
  WHERE WAS IT SEEN?                                  evidence-among
  SAMUDRA TAPU, a de-glaciated valley in Himachal the first in India for
  Pradesh. A 12-km, eight-hour trek from Chandratal, a UFO sighted on
  it is approachable only via a 180-km deep trek from the ground- of the
  Batal, the nearest roadhead on the Manali-Leh       experience
  highway. Kaksar, 70 km away, is the nearest         classified as a close
  inhabited town.                                     encounter of the
                                                      first kind in
common UFO parlance.
Was it an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) on a cross-border spy mission or an
extraterrestrial being? Or was it simply a helium-filled weather balloon which
had lost its way? The jury is still out.
The scientists circulated the account of their close encounter in ISRO, army
headquarters, Snow and Avalanche Study Establishments (SASE), an affiliate
of Defence Research and Development Organisation which runs weather
monitoring stations in high altitude regions, and among district authorities in
Kullu. The army and SASE are the only agencies stationed in high altitude
areas.
"I thought it was a helium balloon, but Kulkarni's description indicates an
object with ahead-of-age technology," says R.N. Sarwade, director, SASE.
Perplexed, the scientists are now wondering if it could be something man-
made. "But there is no known matching technology yet in the civilian realm to
                          File: 2006 02 13_India Today_UFO sighting in Himachal Lahaul Spiti district remains a mystery.pdf
 URL: https://www.indiatoday.in/magazine/science-and-technology/story/20060213-ufo-sighting-in-himachal-lahaul-spiti-district-remains-a-mystery-783701-2006-
                                                                          02-12
explain the mysterious object we saw so up close," says Kulkarni. Over the     THE USUAL SUSPECTS
past year, Kulkarni and Dhar have been critically examining their sighting to
deconstruct the object technologically, contacting top robotic laboratories in
the US, Germany and Sweden. Kulkarni has shared his report with the director
general of military operations.
Efforts to demystify the Samudra Tapu UFO sighting have made little headway,
given the sheer high altitude, heavy snow cover and peculiar weather conditions
which render the snowbound region virtually inaccessible for both air and
ground expeditions. But the quest for demystifying the sighting has not stopped. UVA
"One way to understand the mysterious object is to undertake more                 UAVs
expeditions in the area," says Dhar.
                                                                                  FOR: Unmanned (or pilotless) aerial vehicles are
But the question is whether the object will ever be sighted again? "Unless the packed with electronic devices and are used for
sighting is repeated, it will remain a puzzle," says Kulkarni. Till that happens, recce and spy missions.
this is an enigma scientists may have to live with.                               AGAINST: UAVs are like aircraft which take
                                                                                  off and ascend slowly. They can't climb or drop
Published By:                                                                     vertically, a feature the object showed.
AtMigration
Published On:
Feb 13, 2006
--- ENDS ---
You are left with 0/1 Free article this month

 Subscribe                                                                                      Ballons
                                                                                                BALLOONS
                                                                                                FOR: Carry gadgets to measure atmospheric
                                                                                                pressure, temperature and humidity. Accounted
                                                                                                for most UFO sightings.
                                                                                                AGAINST: Even the most sophisticated
                                                                                                weather balloons can't manoeuvre on land. The
Kumbh Mela: Origins of the world's biggest and oldest                                           object negotiated land critically.
festival


                                                                                                Airships
                                                                                                AIRSHIPS
Arvind Kejriwal counters PM's 'AAPda' attack, says
'AAPda' in BJP, not in Delhi                                                                    FOR: Lighter than aircraft. Equipped with radar
                                                                                                and used for military missions like early warning
                                                                                                systems. Also used for leisure.
                                                                                                AGAINST: The object could manoeuvre like a
                                                                                                human. It showed vertical takeoff capability,
                                                                                                which airships do not have.


Suchir Balaji death case: Investigative journalist George Webb claims murder


India can still giveFile:Australia     run for their money in SCG Test: Gavaskar
                          2006 02 13_India Today_UFO sighting in Himachal Lahaul Spiti district remains a mystery.pdf
 URL: https://www.indiatoday.in/magazine/science-and-technology/story/20060213-ufo-sighting-in-himachal-lahaul-spiti-district-remains-a-mystery-783701-2006-
                                                                          02-12
India can still give Australia run for their money in SCG Test: Gavaskar


Case against Gujarat Congress MP for 'communal, inflammatory' social media post


Yuzvendra Chahal shares cryptic post amid divorce rumours with Dhanashree Verma


Army to introduce grading system to evaluate 3-star officers from March 31


How Congress will certify Donald Trump’s Electoral College victory on January 6


Mitchell Starc eyes Glenn McGrath, Wasim Akram’s feat in legendary list
Recommended


PUBLICATIONS
      India Today
      Business Today
      India Today-Hindi
      TIME

TELEVISION
      India Today TV
      Aaj Tak
      Good News Today

                         File: 2006 02 13_India Today_UFO sighting in Himachal Lahaul Spiti district remains a mystery.pdf
URL: https://www.indiatoday.in/magazine/science-and-technology/story/20060213-ufo-sighting-in-himachal-lahaul-spiti-district-remains-a-mystery-783701-2006-
                                                                         02-12
EVENTS
      Agenda AajTak
      India Today Conclave
      Sahitya AajTak

RADIO
      Ishq FM
      AajTak Radio

GAMING
      India Today Gaming
      World Esports Cup

USEFUL LINKS
      Press Release
      Sitemap
      News
      Newsletter
      Privacy Policy
      Correction Policy
      LMIL Documents

PRINTING
      Thomson Press

WELFARE
      Care Today

DISTRIBUTION
      Rate Card

SYNDICATIONS
      Headlines Today

WEBSITES
      India Today
      India Today Malayalam
      India Today NE
      Business Today
      DailyO
      AajTak
      Lallantop
      Bangla
      GNTTV
      iChowk
      Reader’s Digest
      Cosmopolitan

EDUCATION
      Vasant Valley
      Best Colleges
                         File: 2006 02 13_India Today_UFO sighting in Himachal Lahaul Spiti district remains a mystery.pdf
URL: https://www.indiatoday.in/magazine/science-and-technology/story/20060213-ufo-sighting-in-himachal-lahaul-spiti-district-remains-a-mystery-783701-2006-
                                                                         02-12
      Best Universities
      ABOUT US
      CONTACT US
      TERMS AND CONDITIONS
      ARCHIVES
Copyright © 2025 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today


      Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development

      Store and/or access information on a device
Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be
stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.
Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options
below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

 Consent Manage options


                         File: 2006 02 13_India Today_UFO sighting in Himachal Lahaul Spiti district remains a mystery.pdf
URL: https://www.indiatoday.in/magazine/science-and-technology/story/20060213-ufo-sighting-in-himachal-lahaul-spiti-district-remains-a-mystery-783701-2006-
                                                                         02-12
