{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T17:15:16Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 115418, "source_ctime_ns": 1788594021766238926, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-03-02_www-theacorn-com_MUFON-meeting-reveals-tales-of-time-travel-aliens-and-more.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788594021762204895, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-03-02_www-theacorn-com_MUFON-meeting-reveals-tales-of-time-travel-aliens-and-more.pdf", "source_sha256": "0ef5ac49f8d571ba3981820184eb78d5ec46a8da1bd50c847f7cad85699e06d1"}

Menu                                                                                                                                                                                                      


 By The Acorn Staff
 on March 02, 2006
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Search
 By Stephanie Bertholdo bertholdo@theacorn.com

       FAC T OR FANTASY?—Bill Hamilton describes several compelling stories of UFO sightings and government cover-ups at a recent meeting of MUFON, a gathering of UFO enthusiasts, also known as
                                                                                               “ufologists.”


                                                                                                                                                                                                    Are
 unidentified flying objects real or just the product of overactive imaginations sparked by pop culture?

 Millions of Americans believe that extraterrestrials regularly visit Earth. The UFO industry has evolved over 50-plus years, starting in 1947 when
 pilot Kenneth Arnold flew near Mt. Rainier in W ashington state and spied nine crescent-shaped metallic objects in the distance traveling at speeds
 he estimated to be 1,000 miles per hour.

 During the same year of Arnold’s flight, another seminal UFO event occurred. An alien craft allegedly crashed on a ranch in Roswell, N.M. Although
 the military initially released information to the press that a flying saucer was recovered, within hours the official government explanation stated
 the debris found in the desert was simply a fallen weather balloon. The seeds of a government cover-up were planted with the explanation.

 Area 51, a top secret military base in New Mexico, has since become a focus for “ufologists,” or those who study the UFOs. Groups dedicated to
 researching the UFO phenomena have proliferated, along with sightings of lights and objects darting through the skies. It’s been 60 years since the
 remnants of either a weather balloon or a spaceship were recovered in the desert, but the UFO industry that emerged has grown astronomically.

 Claims that the U.S. government is either in cahoots with aliens to cull their technology, or responsible for squelching data by disseminating
 misinformation, was the basis of a recent meeting sponsored by the Ventura/Santa Barbara chapter of MUFON, the Mutual UFO Network.                                                                       Most Read A
 About a dozen UFO enthusiasts met at Marie Callender’s in W estlake Village in mid-February to hear author and UFO expert Bill Hamilton discuss                                                          1Person of interest r
 the fantastic case of Dan Burisch and the government’s quest to silence him, and how time travel plays into some UFO theories.

 Dr. Dan Burisch (aka Dan Crain) was allegedly an Area 51 microbiologist who worked on the Lotus Project, a governmentsponsored study of the
 Ganesh particle, which purportedly has the capability of repairing damaged cells. Burisch claims to have worked with an alien being named J-Rod on                                                       2Oaks mall being so
 a variety of “black budget,” (top secret, not officially recognized by the government) projects.

 “There’s no doubt in my mind, after knowing Dan for a number of years, the he is indeed a genius,” Hamilton said.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          32024: Y ear of chang
 According to Hamilton, the alien J-Rod is actually a descendant of humans—a race that has evolved millions of years into the future, a “post-
 catastrophical future.”

 J-Rod’s race apparently left Earth long ago and now resides on a distant planet where another form of humanity is languishing due to genetic
 deficiencies. JRod’s purpose, Hamilton said, is to repair their genetic problems through Earth’s scientific advances using the Genome Study.

 In return, according to Hamilton, J-Rod is providing information on how to create designer viruses, possibly for military use, or perhaps for cures for
 human diseases. According to the reams of information on Burisch available on the Internet, the U.S. has forged numerous treaties with alien
 nations

 For skeptics, there’s plenty of fodder in these wild extraterrestrial tales.

 Burisch changed his name from Crain for some complicated personal matters that involve his marriage and adopted children. Supposedly the high
 school that Burisch attended in England was not recognized in the U.S., so official records just show that Burisch earned a GED (General Educational
 Development, an equivalent to a high school diploma).

 And, in keeping with the ageold ufologist’s claim that people involved in black budget research and experiments are often targeted by the
 government, Burisch’s personal records were erased, so verifying information about the man is virtually impossible.

 “It’s an easy matter to control records, much easier than I ever believed,” Hamilton said. He added that it’s not only records that disappear, but
 people sometimes vanish. Currently, Burisch is said to be in “lock-down,” working on the Lotus project. If given immunity, he will allegedly testify
 before a Congressional hearing about his involvement on secret human experiments.

 According to one website dedicated to the Burisch case, one treaty “allows for abduction (of humans), removal of blood and reproductive samples
 and tissue, and does not control whether humans are maimed, tortured or that they might expire.”

 “There are gaps in Dan’s information, but not big red flags,” Hamilton said. But there’s always missing data about such wild claims, he said.

 Ufologists often believe the missing information in such top secret work is due to records being erased by the government.

 Later in his presentation, Hamilton touched on quantum physics and wormholes, or “tunnels in space” that may be the key to time travel and J-
 Rod’s visitation.

 Extraterrestrials travel back and forth through time via a “hyperspace vortex,” Hamilton said.

 “Time travel is happening, not only now, but has happened in the past,” he said.

 “Time slips” was another theory Hamilton proffered. Now and then, he said, people “slip” into another time of history. He said one family was
 driving on their vacation and stopped at a restaurant that appeared to be a 1950s-style establishment. W hen they paid their bill, it was as cheap as
 in 1950.

 The family wanted to revisit the restaurant on their return trip but when they arrived in the town they couldn’t find it. An old timer told them there
 used to be such a restaurant but it had burned down in the 1960s.

 Hamilton said there are thousands of stories of time slips, and what they all have in common is that there is a flash of blue light, the atmosphere
 seems to thicken and compasses appear to spin out of control.

 Jeannie, a MUFON member from North Hollywood who would not reveal her last name, said she enjoyed the presentation.

 “It was interesting,” she said. “I like the scientific side of things a lot of times.”

 Science or not, true believers in UFOs will continue to search the skies for proof that we are not alone in the universe.

                           File: 2006 03 02_www theacorn com_MUFON meeting reveals tales of time travel aliens and more.pdf
                             URL: https://www.theacorn.com/articles/mufon-meeting-reveals-tales-of-time-travel-aliens-and-more/
For information on future MUFON meetings, visit www.mufon.com and look for the link to local chapters.


Unique story behind Gates Canyon Park
Tucked away in Malibu Canyon at the northern reaches of Calabasas, Gates Canyon Park is a rare anomaly: The property...


Westlake Santa at the top of his game
Even Santa deserves a present every now and then. After 10 years of performance, innovation and service as Santa Claus...


                  File: 2006 03 02_www theacorn com_MUFON meeting reveals tales of time travel aliens and more.pdf
                    URL: https://www.theacorn.com/articles/mufon-meeting-reveals-tales-of-time-travel-aliens-and-more/
   Cops with a heart


                                                               Load More


   Leave a Reply

   Y our email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

   Comment


   Name *


   Email *


   W ebsite


      Post Comment


                                                                                  
              News    Neighbors    Opinion    Sports      On the Town         Crime      Community        Business     Real Estate   Classifieds   About
                                                                                          Our Hometow n
                                                                                               DMCA Notices

                                                       New spaper w ebsite content management softw are and services

                                             Copyright © 2023-2025 Times Media Group, All Rights Reserved.


Thanks for sharing!
AddToAny
More…


                      File: 2006 03 02_www theacorn com_MUFON meeting reveals tales of time travel aliens and more.pdf
                        URL: https://www.theacorn.com/articles/mufon-meeting-reveals-tales-of-time-travel-aliens-and-more/
