{"created_utc": "2026-09-08T19:22:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 192192, "source_ctime_ns": 1788586403844334103, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-09-21_Animation-World-Network_The-Science-of-Sleep-Another-UFO-From-Michel-Gondry.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788586403837911002, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-09-21_Animation-World-Network_The-Science-of-Sleep-Another-UFO-From-Michel-Gondry.pdf", "source_sha256": "82a19f4463efd586800fb3af19a9224f5f19f3553ff6fedde436c9b1c8d4f1cc"}

Skip to main content

'The Science of Sleep': Another ‘UFO’ From Michel Gondry
Alain Bielik explains the imaginative vfx and animation in Michel Gondrys The Science of Sleep.
By Alain Bielik | Thursday, September 21, 2006 at 12:00am
In Production | VFXWorld


The Science of Sleep director Michel Gondry (standing) turned to Partizan Lab to enhance a scene in which an actor swims across an aquarium in front of a Parisian cityscape. All images © 2006 Gaumont-Partizan
                                                                                  Films-France 3 Cinema-Mikado Film S.P.A.
Renowned for the inventiveness of his music videos, influential French director Michel Gondry has been using the same innovative approach for his feature films. Both Human Nature (2001) and Eternal Sunshine
on the Spotless Mind (2004) were unique movies with intriguing storylines and strong visuals. Gondry pushes the envelope one step further with The Science of Sleep (released by Warner Independent Pictures on
Sept. 22), a movie in which fantasy, romance and imagination combine to shape a truly fascinating world. It tells the story of Stéphane (Gael Garcia Bernal), a young dreamer who settles down in Paris and falls in
love with Stéphanie (Charlotte Gainsbourg), his charming neighbor. In order to seduce her, he turns their daily lives into a world full of fantasy
As always, Gondry turned to practical means to realize most of the unique ambiances the script required. In one scene, Stéphane pretends he can fly, and he proves it by swimming across an aquarium in front of a
Parisian cityscape. In order to enhance the illusion, the sequence was subtly retouched at Partizan Lab, Gondrys long-time visual effects partner. Michel wanted to get as much material as possible in camera, says
visual effects supervisor Jean-Gabriel Saint-Paul. Still, we ended up doing about 150 shots for the movie, but the majority of them will go unnoticed by the audience. Most of our shots involved augmenting or
retouching practical effects to add a true sense of magic to the scenes. For instance, in the aquarium scene, we painted out hundreds of bubbles around Gaels body as to emphasize the illusion that he was flying. It
was a huge undertaking, as, for every bubble, we had to reconstruct the background. We also had to digitally extend the back projection of Paris, as the edges of the screen appeared in some of the shots. At
Partizan Lab, Saint-Pauls team included post-production manager Robin Accard, and lead 2D artists Muriel Archambaud, Antoine Gineste and Julien Héry.
All the visual effects rotoscoping, paint work, warps, compositing as well as the color grading, were created on several high end Quantel eQ in HD 4:4:4. Some
shots were produced in After Effects and the sole 3D effect shot was realized with Maya. The only thing that we did in 3D was to replace the sticker on a spray-can after Michel had changed his mind about what it
should read. Everything else was handled in 2D. It was often subtle touches, just like in the scene where Stéphane and Stéphanie throw large puffs of cotton to the ceiling of the apartment. Magically, the puffs
remain suspended under the ceiling and form a cloudy sky. During principal photography, the actors pretended to throw the puffs in the air while these were actually pulled up by a wire. But when they reached their
position, the cotton puffs had a tendency to sway back and forth on their wire, which ruined the illusion. So, we rotoscoped them out, reconstructed the missing parts of the ceiling, and put the clouds back in a still
position. We also painted out all the wires from which the clouds were suspended.

Low-Key Approach
In another magical scene, Stéphane becomes frustrated with a high precision manual assignment at work, which translates into his hands growing ridiculously large. Most of the scene was realized with the actor
wearing giant prosthetic hands, but visual effects were required to create the first part of the scene. It starts with a POV shot of Stéphane trying to work it out. His inability to perform the task makes him feel like his
hands are growing larger. For this shot, we needed the hands to manipulate real objects, which meant we couldnt use the prosthetics yet. So, we filmed Gael sitting at a desk that we had built at a smaller scale and
decorated with smaller scale objects. In comparison, the hands looked much larger, which was a nice trick. We augmented it by digitally shrinking the wrists and the arms. So, everything in this shot is reduced in one
way or the other, except the hands, but on screen, it looks like everything is normal, but the hands!


Partizan combined practical effects and a low-key approach for a
The same combination of practical effects and low-key approach was used for a shot in which an elderly character, seen from the back in front of an opened window, falls over and disappears. The first part of the
shot was photographed with the actor bending over as far as he could. Then, a stunt man was filmed performing the actual fall in front of a black background. Since only the stuntmans legs would ultimately be used,
it was not deemed necessary to use video assist to line up the two actors. We first warped the actors back to flatten it as if he had fallen over, and painted his legs out. Then, we rotoscoped the stuntmans legs and
composited them in the first plate, synchronized with the actors movement. So, its the actor that you see starting the fall, but its the stuntmans legs that you see taking the actual fall.

Mixing Live Action and Stop Motion
The most intriguing and original aspect of The Science of Sleep is its regular use of stop motion to illustrate specific states of mind of Stéphane. The animation The actor and stuntmens bodies were combined to
technique was used either to create complete shots, or as back projection footage to be combined in camera with the live action. Reminiscent of Gondrys early create this scene in which an elderly character falls
days in the industry, the stop motion footage was photographed by renowned expert Éric Valin, and animated by Cédric Mercier and Éric Montchaud, while               over and disappears. The stuntmans legs were
Valérie Pirson took care of the 2D animation. The miniature sets were designed and built by Pierre Pell. The material was shot in regular 35 mm on an old Debrie rotoscoped out, composited in the first plate and
camera, Mercier explains. Initially, Michel Gondry didnt even want to hire animators. He wanted to do it himself with Eric Valin. What he had in mind was a very then synchronized with the actors m
crude type of stop motion animation, something that would feel amateurish and energetic at the same time, as to reflect the characters childish personality. This was
never meant to be a Tim Burton-type of animation with motion control and everything. When we stepped in, I had to fight to get a line test, a system that would allow us to review the work in progress and edit it. It
was just a webcam attached to the camera and a laptop, but Michel really wanted the animation to feel improvised. Sometimes, he would change the position of a light right in the middle of a shot! The trashier the
shots were, the happier he was. The scenes that we put a little more effort into were the horse shots.
Transported by Stéphanes limitless imagination, Stéphane and Stéphanie ride on a crude artificial horse made of fabrics. The creation appears both as a stop motion element and as a full size creature. For the live-
action shoot, we used a real horse equipped with a costume, Saint-Paul comments. However, in order for the horse to retain his mobility, the costume was not entirely sealed. The legs were not attached to the
torso, and the head and neck were also a separate piece. So, we painted the seams out and digitally joined the various parts as to create the illusion of one continuous surface. It required a lot of work as for each
seam, we needed to put texture back in frame-by-frame. We also added fabric on top of the eyes, as the horse had been filmed with his eyes uncovered. For the stop motion model, we painted the mounting rod
and its shadow out, but we also stabilized the carpet on which it was galloping: with the animators repeatedly stepping in and out of frame, the surface of the carpet presented variations that had to be taken out.


Stop motion was used to illustrate specific states of mind. Here animator Cédric Mercier adjusts an
artificial horse made of fabrics. The horse is seen both as a stop motion element and full size creature in
the film.

Changing Shots in Post
Other stop motion augmentations involved adding a rolling movement to a ship that had been animated with a simple linear movement. There again, for every frame, the background had to be reconstructed around
the ship model and the roll added via warping. We also had a shot in which Michel, as an afterthought, wanted to add a character to a group of stop motion skiers on a mountain top, Saint-Paul says. We
rotoscoped one of the skiers, changed the color of his outfit, and added it in another part of the frame with a delayed animation as to hide the fact that he was a cloned character. We had a lot of shots of this kind to
do, when Michel changed his mind about a shot and requested modifications. Hes always looking for new ideas, for different ways of doing things. For instance, after the animation on the stop motion cityscape had
been photographed, he decided that he wanted a specific name to appear on every single sign in the set. So, all the original artwork was digitally covered with new artwork.
Interestingly enough, the spectacular swirling graphics of the opening credits were not created in 3D. To create this vortex of color and textures, Gondry simply
used an old animation technique called Spin Art in which paint is poured on a spinning disk while a camera, spinning at exactly the same speed, films the liquid
spreading over the surface. Partizan Lab simply stabilized the camera in order for the image to remain rock steady throughout the sequence.                           Stop-motion animator Eric Montchaud and
                                                                                                                                                                      minature set designer and builder Pierre Pell put the
Unclassified                                                                                                                                                          finishing touches on a mountaintop. As an
                                                                                                                                                                      afterthought, Gondry added a character to a group
For visual effects artists and animators, Gondrys movies and music videos are always very special projects. It was even more so with The Science of Sleep as the of stop motion skiers, which had to be rotoscoped
movie was like unlike anything that had ever been done in France. This film is what we call a UFO, which means it cant be identified, nor can it be classified in any in.
category, Saint-Paul concludes. It is a very unique film, a very enjoyable film, and Im very happy about the way the visual effects helped Michel carry his vision.
Too bad there arent more filmmakers like him, directors who are not scared to let their imagination go free.
Alain Bielik is the founder and editor of renowned effects magazine S.F.X, published in France since 1991. He also contributes to various French publications and occasionally to Cinéfex. Last year, he
organized a major special effects exhibition at the Musée International de la Miniature in Lyon, France.
Tags
Motion
Effects


                                   File: 2006 09 21_Animation World Network_The Science of Sleep Another UFO From Michel Gondry.pdf
                                                    URL: https://www.awn.com/vfxworld/science-sleep-another-ufo-michel-gondry
More From VFXWorld:
Next Post
'Flyboys': Motion Capturing CG Planes in FlightPrevious Post
'Smallville': Greater Superpowers From Entity FX


Top Headline News
2025 BAFTA Longlists Revealed
‘Regular Show: The Complete Series’ Coming to DVD February 4
Joseph Game (Chogrin) and Ichi Aguilar’s ‘Lucky Brave’s Sunshine’ Now on YouTube
‘Wallace & Gromit: Vengeance Most Fowl’ Debuts on Netflix
Exclusive: First ‘Power Lords #1’ Preview Pages Revealed
Jason Momoa Joins ‘Supergirl: Woman of Tomorrow’ as Lobo
‘The Batman Part II’ Delayed Again… Now Coming in 2027
Peacock Cancels ‘In the Know’ Stop-Motion Series
See More »

Career Connections
       Tenure Track Faculty in Animation & Game Area California State University, Northridge
       Virtual Reality 3D Modeler Leidos
       Teaching Assistant Professor - Animation/Interactive Design East Carolina University
       Creative Services Producer Nexstar Media Group
       Promotions Producer Nexstar Media Group
       Digital Multimedia Designer 03C Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia
       Associate Director, Creative Services Chubb
       Senior Graphic Designer Colorado Housing and Finance Authority
See More »

Recent Comments


                        Adam
      Where can I get it?
      ‘Regular Show: The Complete Series’ Coming to DVD February 4 · 5 hours ago


                        Brent Forrest
      This film was bittersweet genius.
      Taking a Look at ‘Look Back’ · 6 days ago


                        Allen hansford
      That is so cool                                                     oo
      Skeletor and Cronies Join ‘Masters of the Universe’ Feature · 6 days ago


                        Kristi
      My parents were married for 40+ years and seeing how unhappy they were for at least 30 of those years was also a different kind of hard. The repercussions that had on myself and 3 sisters is huge...
      ‘Spellbound:’ Making Children of Divorce Feel Seen · 1 week ago


                        Jeffrey Thrash

                                   File: 2006 09 21_Animation World Network_The Science of Sleep Another UFO From Michel Gondry.pdf
                                                    URL: https://www.awn.com/vfxworld/science-sleep-another-ufo-michel-gondry
      That’s right, I didn’t get the “talk” until I was 12 or 13 years old, really shows the political double-standard being applied here. I’ve seen heterosexual couples kissing long before my parents...
      Disney Removes Trans Narrative from ‘Win or Lose’ · 1 week ago


                      Don
      I'm pretty sure that Hafthor Bjornsson was casted as RAM-MAN .. Not Goat-Man.
      Skeletor and Cronies Join ‘Masters of the Universe’ Feature · 1 week ago

Elsewhere on AWN


      FOX Renews ‘Krapopolis’ for Fourth Season


      HBO Renews ‘House of The Dragon’ for Season 3


      ‘Sausage Party: Foodtopia’ Renewed for Second Season at Prime Video


      Prime Video’s ‘Invincible’ Renewed for Fourth Season


      ‘Camp Snoopy’ Renewed for Second Season at Apple TV+


      FOX Renews ‘Universal Basic Guys’ Prior to Season 1 Debut


      Peacock Renews Seth MacFarlane’s ‘Ted’


      MTV Greenlights ‘Mike Judge’s Beavis and Butt-Head’ Season 3

Animation World Network
Contact Us | About Us | Terms Of Service | Privacy Policy | Media Kit
© 2023 AWN, Inc. AWN.com - Part of the Animation World Network - 13300 Victory Blvd. Suite 365 Van Nuys, CA 91401


                                  File: 2006 09 21_Animation World Network_The Science of Sleep Another UFO From Michel Gondry.pdf
                                                   URL: https://www.awn.com/vfxworld/science-sleep-another-ufo-michel-gondry
