{"created_utc": "2026-09-07T18:05:17Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 161396, "source_ctime_ns": 1788521237758110883, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-00-00_Nova-Religio---Scaling-Heavens-Gate---Zeller.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788521237749795371, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-00-00_Nova-Religio---Scaling-Heavens-Gate---Zeller.pdf", "source_sha256": "51b39e2f750cce5f600ed7aa664f3c3f432e8505a28ae7689c4f4954d80b7bbd"}

Scaling Heaven's Gate: Individualism and Salvation in a New Religious Movement
Review by: Benjamin Ethan Zeller
Nova Religio: The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions, Vol. 10, No. 2 (November
2006), pp. 75-102
Published by: University of California Press
Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/10.1525/nr.2006.10.2.75 .
Accessed: 15/06/2013 06:48

Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at .
http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp

.
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of
content in a trusted digital archive. We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms
of scholarship. For more information about JSTOR, please contact support@jstor.org.

.


                University of California Press is collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to Nova
                Religio: The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions.


http://www.jstor.org


                              This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                             All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                  Scaling Heaven’s Gate
              Individualism and Salvation in a
                 New Religious Movement


                         Benjamin Ethan Zeller


    Abstract: This article considers the new religious movement popularly
    known as Heaven’s Gate within the context of American religious history,
    focusing on its soteriology (scheme of salvation) and the place of the
    individual within it. I argue that this contextualization reveals a move-
    ment that held unusual yet clearly identifiable religious beliefs reflecting
    popular religious subcultures and possessing clear historical antecedents.
    Specifically, within Heaven’s Gate’s soteriology one finds a synthesis of
    elements drawn from New Age thinking, Christian beliefs, and popular
    attitudes, and built upon assumptions of individualism and personal
    autonomy that pervade American religion. Rather than being an aber-
    ration of American religious history, Heaven’s Gate was quintessentially
    American, albeit outside the religious mainstream.


I
    n March 1997, police in the posh San Diego suburb of Rancho
    Santa Fe, California, burst into a sprawling mansion in a luxurious
    gated community to discover thirty-nine decomposing bodies, the
earthly remains of the members of a group soon dubbed Heaven’s
Gate.1 In ritual precision, the members of the group had orchestrated
a mass suicide, the ultimate terminus of a new religious movement
founded two decades earlier. A media circus ensued, each new story
describing an even more bizarre “religious cult.” The popular media
linked Heaven’s Gate2 to the rise of the Internet and the appearance of
the Hale-Bopp comet, but in fact, it had little to do with either. Beneath
the apparent incoherence of the group’s eccentric views lay an inter-
nally consistent set of religious beliefs. Examining the group’s doc-
trines throughout its history indicates a progression of religious

Nova Religio: The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions, Volume 10, Issue 2, pages
75–102, ISSN 1092-6690 (print), 1541-8480 (electronic). © 2006 by The Regents of
the University of California. All rights reserved. Please direct all requests for permis-
sion to photocopy or reproduce article content through the University of California
Press’s Rights and Permissions website, at www.ucpress.edu/journals/rights.htm.

                                                                                           75


              This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                             All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

conceptualizations, which, despite changing over time, demonstrate a
high level of consistency.
    Broadly speaking, this article traces the intellectual and theological
history of Heaven’s Gate within the context of American religion.
Specifically, I focus on the development of the movement’s soteriology
(scheme of salvation) and the place of the individual within it, especially
as this relates to the group’s millennial outlook. In Heaven’s Gate’s sote-
riology one finds a synthesis of elements drawn from New Age thinking,
Christian beliefs, and popular attitudes, and built upon assumptions of
individualism and personal autonomy that pervade American religion.
In this regard, Heaven’s Gate was quintessentially American, albeit out-
side the American religious mainstream. Finally, I consider how the
movement’s soteriology also led to its demise.
    A year after the Heaven’s Gate suicides, sociologist Robert Balch,
who along with David Taylor studied and traveled with the movement in
its early days, wrote that “perhaps the greatest irony in the New Age
movement is that seekers who place such a high value on the individual
pursuit of truth continually fall under the spell of spiritual teachers
who provide them with prepackaged sets of beliefs in exchange for their
individualism.”3 He identifies the key to this puzzle in the preponderance
of spiritual options found in the New Age subculture, options which can
become overwhelming for the individual seeker. Balch’s interpretation
hinges on the demand side of the American religious marketplace,
emphasizing the desire of individuals to find clear answers to complex
problems.
    This article takes a different approach, focusing on the supply side of
the equation. Roger Finke and Rodney Stark have reminded scholars
that the United States is a free religious marketplace and fertile ground
for religious entrepreneurs.4 Extending the economic metaphor, the
founders and leaders of Heaven’s Gate were good spiritual salesmen
with a marketable product, a constantly evolving but highly refined sote-
riology that appealed to a niche market of high-stakes spiritual seekers
willing to focus exclusively on their religious self-fulfillment and ulti-
mate salvation. Rather than consider how Heaven’s Gate might have
been received by potential converts (demand-side), here I ask what the
religious product looked like (supply-side). Nevertheless, a guiding ques-
tion in this article remains how and why the religious worldview of
Heaven’s Gate appealed to American spiritual seekers, people who are
generally obsessed with individualism, but became adherents of a system
that submerged their identities within that of a group. The answer: in its
early days, the founders of Heaven’s Gate emphasized theological and
psychological individualism. As the group developed, this form of indi-
vidualism faded, replaced with a soteriology that emphasized the unique
status of Heaven’s Gate’s members as the few elect souls among a mass
of vegetative humanity.


76


                This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                               All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                   Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

            SALVATION DEFINED: FROM SACRED
          UMBRELLAS TO HEAVEN’S GATE, 1972–1975

    Of the movement’s founders, Bonnie Lu Nettles (1928–1985) and
Marshall Herff Applewhite (1932–1997), we know less about Nettles’
personal life. A native of Houston, Nettles was a registered nurse,
mother of four children, and partner in a failing marriage. She also
engaged in astrology and was interested in the occult. A member of the
Houston branch of the Theosophical Society in America and an ama-
teur astrologer, Nettles inhabited a New Age subculture of disincarnate
spirits, ascended masters, telepathic powers, and hidden and revealed
gnosis.5 Applewhite came from a more conventionally Christian back-
ground. A Texan by birth, he was the son of a popular and successful
Presbyterian preacher. After college he enrolled at Virginia’s Union
Theological Seminary, a Presbyterian divinity school, but left after two
years to study music. It is possible that Applewhite departed seminary
because he discovered himself to be homosexual, although in telling his
own story he stressed his vocational shift.6 He earned a Masters degree
in music and voice from the University of Colorado, though never
strayed far from a religiously oriented vocation. A talented vocalist and
charismatic instructor, Applewhite seemed not to identify strongly with
any particular denomination in his adult life, directing both the choir
at St. Mark’s Episcopal Church in Houston, and the fine arts program
at the University of St. Thomas, a Catholic liberal arts school. Although
he also dabbled in astrology, he seemed a nominal Christian, and as I
demonstrate here Christian material permeated his thought.7
    When Nettles and Applewhite met in 1972 at the Houston hospital
where Nettles worked, both were in their mid-forties and the throes of
significant life changes. (Applewhite’s reasons for being in the hospital
are unclear; he may have been either a visitor or patient at the time.)8
Nettles was separated and soon to be divorced; Applewhite, a divorcee
with two children, had floundered through a series of failed hetero- and
homosexual relationships. Rejecting the aspect of their lives that they
found most unsettling—their marriages and sexual relationships—
Nettles and Applewhite formed an intense spiritual, though by all
accounts platonic, relationship. The rejection of their sexual natures
emerged as an important aspect in Heaven’s Gate’s soteriology. A reduc-
tionist reading of Heaven’s Gate might portray Applewhite’s or Nettles’
muddled sexuality as a prime cause for the eventual emergence of the
extreme sexual asceticism that characterized the movement. While there
is little doubt that the co-founders’ rejection of their sexual natures
strongly influenced the new religion, the worldview of Heaven’s Gate
demonstrates a complexity that complicates such reductionist analyses.9
    As their spiritual partnership matured, Applewhite adopted Nettles’
occult religious beliefs, a transformation likely made easier by his lack


                                                                                             77


            This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

of affiliation with any religious community and his previous exposure to
astrology. Eventually he too claimed the existence of disembodied spirits,
spoke of vibrations and auras, and sought the future in the stars.10
Applewhite had adopted Nettles’ religious assumptions. Sociologist
Christian Smith, playing on the “sacred canopy” thesis of Peter Berger,
labels religious subcultures (such as evangelicalism, Orthodox Judaism,
or the New Age) “‘sacred umbrellas,’ small, portable, accessible relational
worlds—religious reference groups—‘under’ which their beliefs can
make complete sense.”11 Extending the metaphor, Nettles furnished a
New Age umbrella for the religiously dispossessed Applewhite, who had
departed from his original Presbyterian subculture and seemed to be
looking for shelter from the storm of life. Together, the two set about tin-
kering with the New Age worldview, though crafting a wider ideology
that would soon differentiate itself from its New Age background.
    A three-year period of wandering and religious formulation ensued
(1972–1975), what Robert Balch called “an archetypal journey of self-dis-
covery which they later described as a time of wandering in the wilder-
ness.”12 During this period Applewhite and Nettles explored numerous
religious options, which included ruminating on St. Francis of Assisi and
how today’s society might respond to the second coming of Jesus.13
Indeed, when they emerged from their time in the wilderness, they trans-
formed into “the Two,” christening themselves at various times Guinea
and Pig, Bo and Peep, and eventually Ti (Nettles) and Do (Applewhite).14
    The nucleus of Ti and Do’s15 soteriology was belief in a process by
which human beings bodily evolve into immortal extraterrestrials. The
Two explained that those who followed their teaching could physically
transform into extraterrestrials and journey to the “Next Level” or
“Father’s Kingdom”—metaphors for outer space, hence the movement’s
earlier names, Total Overcomers Anonymous and Human Individual
Metamorphosis. In a 1975 written statement, they declared that “when
the metamorphosis is complete . . . their ‘new’ body has overcome
decay, disease and death. It has converted over chemically, biologically,
and in vibration to the ‘new’ creature.”16 Ti and Do compared this
transformation to the metamorphosis of a caterpillar into a butterfly.
Like the butterfly emerging from its chrysalis, they carefully explained
in the statement, this bodily transformation was only available for those
“willing to overcome all of their caterpillar ways.”17 They taught that the
process of transformation entailed overcoming one’s base human
nature and rejecting all interpersonal relationships and attachments,
especially sexual desires.18 The Two declared that a person could only
evolve into a higher extraterrestrial form only “if he completely over-
comes all the aspects and influences of the human level.”19
    When interviewer Hayden Hewes asked the Two in 1976 how much
it would cost to come on their UFO trip, Ti and Do responded simply,
“your humanness!”20 In an interview with James Phelan two months later,


78


                 This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                    Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

they explained that “you must leave all your past behind. This means
that you walk out the door of your human life, taking with you only
those things that will be necessary while you are still on this planet.”21 In
practice, the process required a potential extraterrestrial to forswear
intimate human contact (sex, close friendships, contact with family),
addictive substances (drugs, alcohol, coffee), and possessions other
than simple clothing, camping equipment, and an automobile.22 The
reward, Ti and Do insisted, justified these sacrifices: “those who can
believe this process and do it will be ‘lifted up’ individually and ‘saved’
from death—literally.”23 Transformed into extraterrestrial creatures, a
UFO would meet them in the air and whisk them off into the heavens.
    The availability of this transformative process only became possible,
they explained, because the Two were destined to be martyred and res-
urrected. They dubbed their martyrdom and resurrection “the demon-
stration,” because having risen from the dead, they would demonstrate
to the world “that death can be literally overcome.”24 Having healed
themselves, the Two would enter an extraterrestrial craft or “what
humans refer to as a UFO,” and depart for the heavens.25 This sacrifice
would inaugurate a new era or dispensation, what Ti and Do called
“not a teaching one, but a gathering of the harvest of those who have
overcome this world.”26 They explained (in the third person), that while
alive the Two’s sole mission involved “doing all they can to relate this
truth as accurately as possible so that when their bodies recover from
their ‘dead’ state (resurrection) and they leave ([in] UFO’s) those left
behind will have clearly understood the formula.”27
    Ti and Do declared that the Christian Bible, specifically Revelation 11,
prophesied this demonstration:

   [An angel said:] And I will give power unto my two witnesses, and they shall
   prophesy . . . And when they shall have finished their testimony, the beast
   that ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them, and
   shall overcome them, and kill them. And their dead bodies shall lie in the
   street of the great city . . . And after three days and an half the spirit of life
   from God entered into them, and they stood upon their feet . . . And they
   ascended up to heaven in a cloud. (Revelation 11:3–12, KJV)

    Sometimes coy in identifying themselves as the two witnesses—
during an interview with UFO researcher Brad Steiger, they refused to
discuss the topic, calling it a “loaded question”28—Applewhite and
Nettles eventually embraced their newfound identities. “They traveled
into Canada and all over the U.S. again,” a Heaven’s Gate self-history
explains, “leaving little calling cards on pulpits saying, ‘The Two
Witnesses are here,’ and then running.”29 On other occasions, Ti and
Do simply referred potential adherents to scripture. One such target
recalled that they told him, “We have a message for you. You are to med-
itate. Read Revelation 11 and meditate.”30


                                                                                              79


             This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                            All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

    Applewhite and Nettles’ reliance on the book of Revelation provides a
crucial hint to understanding the Two’s message of salvation. Intentionally
or not, Ti and Do’s soteriology relies upon several key ideas found in a variety
of Christian millennialism called dispensationalism. Emerging in the nine-
teenth century, dispensationalism swept through American evangelicalism
and remains popular today among many conservative Christians.31
Dispensationalists trawl Biblical books—particularly the books of Daniel
and Revelation—for a millennial timetable, dividing the history of the
world into distinct epochs or dispensations. The most common dispensa-
tional system is that of C. I. Scofield (1843–1921), whom historian George
Marsden calls “the great systematizer of the movement.”32 Scofield identi-
fied seven dispensations, those of innocence (Eden), conscience (ante-
diluvian), human government (postdiluvian), promise (Old Testament
patriarchs), law (Mosaic), grace (the current age of the Church), and
kingdom (the future dispensation of Christ’s heaven-on-earth). For
Scofield and others, a “rapture of the true church,” during which faithful
Christians physically rise into midair, rendezvous with Christ, and enter
Heaven, inaugurates the seventh dispensation.33 Those left behind by the
Rapture face the tribulations and traumas dispensationalists believe are
described in the book of Revelation. Although Ti and Do never use the
terms “dispensationalism” or “dispensation,” two central dispensationalist
themes undergirded their soteriology: (1) the seven earthly epochs, and
(2) the rapture.
    Like other dispensationalists, the Two divided world history into
seven eras, five of them in the past, one current, and one in the future.
They explained these eras as “different ‘grades’ in the human ‘school’”
during which humankind received different types of “special help from
the level-above-human.”34 The Two specified the five historical epochs
as those of the biblical Adam, Enoch, Moses, Elijah, and Jesus, three of
which (Adam/innocence/Edenic, Enoch/conscience/antediluvian,
Moses/law/Mosaic) matched the popular Scofield system of dispensa-
tionalism. Paralleling mainstream dispensationalism’s age of grace (the
current, Church era), they maintained that “the sixth major help period
for Earth’s human garden is now . . . Once again we are in a brief season
when the ‘light’ or ‘knowledge’ or ‘energy focus’ is on this planet.”35
Finally, in a dispensationalist coup-de-grâce, they explain:

     The seventh closeness, which is immediately upon us in the sense that
     those who are in the middle of their normal life span will easily live to see
     its completion, will include such events as what the Christian church
     refers to as the second coming, the “rapture,” and the completion of the
     final prophecies in John’s Book of Revelation.36

Ti and Do transformed the dispensationalist rapture into a technologi-
cal one. Rather than meeting Christ midair, their followers would ren-
dezvous aerially with UFOs, one of which would be crewed by the

80


                    This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                   All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                   Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

extraterrestrial Christians remember as Jesus of Nazareth. “The one
who was Jesus will come in at close range (as soon as those who have cho-
sen to change over do it) and receive the elect in his company.”37
     An obvious question is raised by this: how did premillennial dispensa-
tionalism end up in Heaven’s Gate? Presbyterianism, Applewhite’s birth-
tradition, is not known for a particular affinity for premillennial thought.
Yet dispensationalism must have held an allure for some Presbyterians; the
fifty-three country presbytery that includes the city of Dallas went so far as
to declare dispensationalism a heresy.38 In fact, the Dallas Theological
Seminary serves as dispensationalism’s intellectual headwaters, making
Texas a particular hotbed of premillennialism.39 Another possible expla-
nation is Nettles’ background as a Baptist, most likely a Southern Baptist.40
Baptists are notoriously difficult to categorize, and no surveys prior to
1984 exist on the millennial outlook of different Baptists.41 However, by
her own admission, Nettles “always believed more strongly in the Eastern reli-
gions,” making her an unlikely candidate for belief in Christian dispensa-
tionalism.42 A more probable explanation is that Nettles and Applewhite
picked up premillennialism from the surrounding culture, even if neither
had any formal religious background in groups espousing dispensational
premillennialism. Applewhite, Nettles, and Heaven’s Gate itself all were
born in Texas. In Blessed Assurance, A. G. Mojtabai details the prevalence of
dispensational thought in Texas. Though she focuses on the northern city
of Amarillo, Mojtabai also discusses a statewide network of dispensationalist
preachers and churches, as well as a premillennial popular culture of
posters, prayer groups, movies, and books.43 Premillennialism seeped out
of Dallas throughout the state.
     The two might also have absorbed dispensationalism through reading.
Dispensationalist literature took off in the 1970s, led by Dallas Theological
Seminary graduate Hal Lindsey’s The Late Great Planet Earth, which was
published in 1970. The author, a self-declared prophecy expert, inter-
preted the book of Revelation and other biblical literature as predicting
contemporary world events, such as the birth of Israel, the rise of com-
munism, and an inevitable march towards the catastrophic clash between
Christ and Antichrist. With over fifteen million copies in print by 1982, the
book became the top-selling non-fiction book of the 1970s, fostering an
increased emphasis on catastrophic millennialism within evangelicalism.44
By their own admission Applewhite and Nettles read many religious books
during their wilderness days: “We studied everything we could get our
hands on that had to do with any sort of awareness—spiritual awareness,
scientific awareness, religious awareness. Our thirst was absolutely
unquenchable.”45 Though its presence is obvious, scholars will never
know for certain how premillennial dispensationalism ended up in
Heaven’s Gate, owing to a dearth of archival materials and living mem-
bers. Regardless, Ti and Do leaned on the concepts of dispensations and
the rapture in order to explain how human beings could be saved.


                                                                                             81


            This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

                   SALVATION SOUGHT:
           CHOICE, QUEST, AND AGENCY, 1975–1985

     When Ti and Do began to missionize in 1976, their core soteriology
remained a process that transformed fallen humans into nearly per-
fected and immortal extraterrestrials.46 In the Two’s early rhetoric they
taught that a UFO would descend into Earth’s atmosphere, retrieve the
faithful few, and whisk them away into the heavens. Ti and Do instructed
their followers to complete the overcoming process while here in Earth,
bodily metamorphosing into extraterrestrials before the UFO arrived.
By the last days of Heaven’s Gate’s history, the group’s materials describe
this metamorphosis occurring after the earthly death of the body, when
the liberated soul receives a new physical form aboard a spacecraft.
Throughout the history of the movement, though, the Two’s soteriology
included two consistent elements: an escape from the Earth and a per-
sonal transformation into an immortal extraterrestrial being. “You [will]
have eternal life,” guarantees Do in a 1991 video recording, “you can
wear a vehicle [i.e., a body], that for all intents and purposes, doesn’t
need to decay. It doesn’t have any age, it doesn’t come from a baby, it
doesn’t get old and need to be changed out.”47
     Within the fiercely competitive American alternative religious mar-
ketplace, a major strength of the Two’s early soteriology (1972–1975) was
its theological and psychological individualism, defined here as the con-
viction that humans possess the temporal and spiritual authority to
achieve salvation through personal self-transformation. Such a position
appealed to the assumptions of New Age seekers, a population from
which Heaven’s Gate drew most of its converts during this period.48 As
religious historian Wouter Hanegraaff explains, “In a general sense ‘per-
sonal growth’ can be understood as the shape ‘religious salvation’ takes
in the New Age movement.”49 The New Age, if one can generalize such a
large and amorphous movement, posits that individuals effect their own
salvation, whether they conceive it as self-improvement, metamorphosis,
higher-level consciousness, or empowered chakras. A mediator, such as a
spirit guide, living guru, or Theosophical Master assists the seeker, but (in
most cases) personal growth requires individual effort. Appealing to this
psychological individualist ethos, Ti and Do proclaimed, “If this speaks to
you—respond—according to your capabilities or needs. For your sake—
give this opportunity your best.”50 This exhortation, and others like it, is
replete with appeals to a religious agent operating within an individual-
istic and pluralistic religious economy, that is, if their message speaks to
you, respond according to your needs, for your sake.51
     Balch and Taylor recognized that Ti and Do’s teaching, while pro-
claiming an exclusive soteriology, remained inherently individualistic,
“a direct outgrowth of the epistemological individualism.”52 Further, the
sociologists note that the Two “couched the absolutism of their message


82


                 This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                   Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

in language designed to appeal to the open-minded tolerance of the
seeker. They agreed that there were many equally valid paths to the top of
the mountains, but they added that only a UFO could get the seeker off the
mountain into the kingdom of heaven.”53 That is, the Two combined
recognition of the validity of individual spiritual seeking with an insistence
on the primacy of their own collective solution. In their own words, the
Two allowed that “all good paths lead to the crest of the same mountain,”
yet maintained that “from there, the only way up is off the top.”54
    It is hardly surprising that Ti and Do appealed to the individual
needs of their audience, as they were quite aware that their potential
converts possessed the temporal authority and willingness to exercise
religious agency. “Those who are unhappy with what the world has to
offer, or are seeking the real Truth, have turned to [the] New Age,
Eastern religions, or simply have ‘dropped out’ to indulge in whatever
excesses might bring them pleasure,” read a 1994 promotional poster.55
This advertisement did not merely allude to the rise of new religious
movements, it recognized and assumed that American individuals freely
shift their religious preference and practice according to whichever
group they feel best satisfies their needs. The Two were not alone in rec-
ognizing these facts. Describing the religious choices of the Baby
Boomer generation, from which Heaven’s Gate drew the majority of its
converts, Wade Clark Roof phrases it another way: “For religion to be
alive and real, it had to arise out of their own experiences and encoun-
ters; anything less failed to grab their attention.”56 First-generation new
religious movements accentuate the individual choice motif, since by
definition every member has chosen to change religious affiliation
based on his or her personal beliefs and standards.57
    In a study of the recent decline of mainline Christian denomina-
tions in America, Phillip Hammond argues that a “greater numbers of
people now . . . legitimately look upon their parish involvement as their
choice, to be made according to their standards. That involvement is
now calculated as rewarding or not by individually derived equations.”58
Hammond’s concept of “individually derived equations” harkens to
rational choice theory, which proffers a similar argument but claims
that such religious individualism is inherent to human life and not
simply a recent historical development. Paralleling Hammond’s asser-
tion, Ti and Do recognized that potential followers would judge
Heaven’s Gate according to their standards, that ultimately it was their
choice, and the Two appealed to this ethos. They closed a 1975 letter
to prospective candidates by declaring: “Most importantly, you have will
and choice; you do not have to do anything. The way to overcome will
be shown to you. You will take it from there, and you will have help.”
Instances of the word “you” comprise fifteen percent of the final three
sentences of this letter, revealing the individualist assumptions under-
lying its proselytizing.59


                                                                                             83


            This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

    The Two’s soteriology evolved over the twenty years of Heaven’s Gate’s
history. In the early days of the movement, up to early 1976, Ti and Do’s
soteriological rhetoric assumed both psychological and theological indi-
vidualism. “If you recognize this as Truth,” Ti and Do wrote in their
letter to prospective candidates, “you have only to ask with all your might
(out loud or in your head) for your Father(s) in the Next Kingdom to
give you whatever tests are necessary for your overcoming.” Later in the
letter they clarify, “When you have left all behind, you can meet others
in the process and they will clarify any questions you may have.”60
Although fellow members of the proto-movement may assist, only an
individual can achieve salvation. Balch and Taylor reported that Ti and
Do’s followers understood this explicitly. One reported, “This isn’t a
group metamorphosis and the organization isn’t going to heaven.”61
Furthermore, even the Two were not necessary. In a 1974 interview, Ti
and Do explained that if anyone “truly seeks to enter the kingdom of
Heaven, the option is his and he will do it if he chooses to. Such people
do not do it through us. They do it through the information we are
sharing.”62 This represents the zenith of individualistic soteriology in
Heaven’s Gate.
    Within a year of their first public meetings in the fall of 1975, Ti and
Do had attracted several hundred followers. As the movement grew in
size, individualistic antinomianism endangered its stability. Balch notes
from his fieldwork that “when disputes arose, each individual could jus-
tify his or her opinion by claiming to have received guidance directly
from a member of the next kingdom.”63 If the Two had not shifted
their soteriology, it is unlikely Heaven’s Gate would have survived.
Between 1976 and 1977, the Two challenged the antinomian spirit.
Unfortunately, no primary sources demonstrate this transition, but
Robert Balch’s articles clearly indicate the shift. He writes that “the Two
solved the problem by eliminating any possibility of individual revela-
tion. They explained that all information from the next level was chan-
neled through a ‘chain of mind’ linking the next kingdom to individual
members through [Ti and Do].”64
    The Two, Balch summarized, “became necessary intermediaries
between members and the next level.”65 Now, humans could pursue
the overcoming process only through the mediation and guidance of
the Two, the heavenly mandated “older members” from the Next
Level. The Two served as the conduit of divine knowledge required to
effect salvation—not merely examples in a demonstration—and it
was only through them that a human being could pass through
heaven’s gate. Although Ti and Do’s necessity was a new doctrine for
Heaven’s Gate, the trope of achieving salvation through the assis-
tance and intercession of a specially endowed figure or figures was
not. Ti and Do had always taught that a potential new member of the
Next Level must seek the support of a current member of the Kingdom.


84


                 This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                   Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

The key difference was that earlier the Two did not recommend any par-
ticular figure, or referred to the nebulous and undefined “Father(s).”66
The post-1976 doctrine reversed this. Balch reports that following this
new revelation, commitment levels increased and defection rates
dropped.67

                SALVATION TRANSFORMED:
            SOTERIOLOGICAL CHANGES, 1985–1997

    Although Heaven’s Gate continued to evolve both theologically and
organizationally until its demise in 1997, one momentous development sig-
naled a significant shift in the group’s fundamental religious assumptions.
In 1985 Bonnie Lu Nettles, aka Ti, died of liver cancer. Throughout the
remaining years of the group’s existence, Applewhite (Do) disseminated
three important updates to the Heaven’s Gate doctrine: (1) catastrophic
millennialism; (2) bodily death before salvation; and (3) the place of Ti in
the ontological chain of being.
    The Two’s millennial outlook constantly evolved. Ti and Do initially
predicated their millennialism on the seventh dispensation inaugurated
by “the demonstration,” i.e., their martyrdom and subsequent resurrec-
tion three- and-a-half days later.68 Yet, in the years and decades that fol-
lowed, no one murdered the Two. Shifting from a literalist to symbolic
reading of Revelation 11 solved this problem—“the ‘killing in the street’
of the two witnesses had occurred at the hands of the media,” explained Do.69
Likewise, Do moved from a benign variant of dispensationalism, empha-
sizing personal transformation, to a catastrophic millennialism stressing
worldly destruction. As Catherine Wessinger defines it, catastrophic mil-
lennialism is “a pessimistic view of humanity, society, and history” empha-
sizing belief in an imminent, cataclysmic worldly destruction. “The
millennial kingdom will be created only after the violent destruction of
the old world,” Wessinger explains, in contrast with progressive millenni-
alism, which posits “an optimistic view of human nature . . . [that] humans
engaging in social work in harmony with the divine will can effect changes
that non-catastrophically and progressively create the millennial kingdom.”70
Christian catastrophic millennialism normally emphasizes the destruc-
tive nature of the clash between Christ and Satan, prophesying declension
and suffering before the arrival of Christ.
    Unlike most dispensationalists, Ti and Do initially did not emphasize
catastrophic millennialism.71 The Two’s early teachings lacked eschato-
logical urgency. For example, when asked why they did not allow poten-
tial adherents to bring their children with them, Ti and Do explained,
“As for any small child who has not come into sufficient maturity to do
the process at this time, it will be his time at another springtime. Nothing
is lost.”72 At no point in the early (pre-1980) history of Heaven’s Gate do
its founders mention an imminent earthly apocalypse. But a series of


                                                                                             85


            This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

satellite television broadcasts in 1991 and 1992 revealed a strikingly dif-
ferent eschatological position: soon Next Level extraterrestrials would
harvest planet Earth of its useful souls, recycling the rest of human
civilization as an unneeded waste product. Do declared, “It’s harvest
time. Harvest time means that it’s time for the garden to be spaded up.
It’s time for a recycling of souls. It’s time for some to ‘graduate.’ It’s time
for some to be ‘put on ice.’ It’s time!”73 And again, with an individual-
ist thrust, “it is the end of the Age. What matters is where are you at the
time of the spading, at the time of the harvest? What happens to you?
Have you become something that’s so worthless that our Father’s House
has no need of you, and He just recycles you?”74
     A year later, Heaven’s Gate was even more specific. Taking out a
third-of-a-page advertisement in USA Today, the advert “‘UFO’ Cult
Resurfaces With Final Offer” trumpeted “the Earth’s present ‘civiliza-
tion’ is about to be recycled—‘spaded under.’ Its inhabitants are
refusing to evolve. The ‘weeds’ have taken over the garden and dis-
turbed its usefulness beyond repair.”75 Finally, less than a year before
the suicides, Heaven’s Gate produced two videos dedicated to warning
the world of its impending fate, “Last Chance to Evacuate Earth
Before It’s Recycled,” and “Planet About to be Recycled—Your Only
Chance to Survive.”76 In order to understand the reason for this
change in eschatological outlook, one must consider two other shifts
in Heaven’s Gate’s theology: the place of bodily death in salvation,
and the role of Ti.
     Since the earliest days of Heaven’s Gate, Ti and Do taught that a
UFO would descend to Earth and, in a technological reenactment of the
dispensationalist belief in the rapture of the faithful, bodily save the
select few true believers. Yet no extraterrestrials appeared to whisk away
Nettles before her body succumbed to cancer, nor did the saucers land
to claim her physical body. This was likely a moment of massive cogni-
tive dissonance in the movement, though no available documents sur-
vive to support this conjecture. Heaven’s Gate survived because Do
heightened the distinction between the body and the soul in his theol-
ogy. Whereas, previously, the chosen few would board the UFO in bod-
ily form, post-1985 he revealed that the members of Heaven’s Gate may
need to shed their bodies in order to make the transition to their new
extraterrestrial forms. Language referring to the body as a “vehicle”
proliferated in the ’88 Update, and by 1992 the body had become merely
a “container.”77
     The significance of this shift cannot be overemphasized. Of the transit
to the Next Level, in 1974 Ti and Do stated simply: “You do not have to
die.”78 Two years later, they declared even more explicitly that the most
important truth of their message was: “You must take a changed-over phys-
ical body with you into the next level.” That truth was of such value that in
the seventy-four-page transcript of the interview in which the statement


86


                 This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                   Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

appears, it is the only italicized sentence.79 Yet, in 1988, Do explained
that “a member of the Next Level wears a body like a suit of clothes.”80
Ti’s passing, therefore, represented her soul’s departure for the heavens,
not death:

   Some 3 1/2 years ago from the time of this writing, Ti left her human
   vehicle. To all human appearances it was due to a form of liver cancer.
   We could say that because of the stress, due to the gap between her Next
   Level mind and the vehicle’s genetic capacity, that the cancer symptom
   caused the vehicle to break down and stop functioning . . . We’re not
   exactly sure how many days it might have taken her to return to the Next
   Level vehicle she left behind prior to this task.81

Reconceptualizing the admissions requirements to the Next Level, Do
ensured Heaven’s Gate’s survival after Nettles’ unexpected bodily death.
However, in doing so, Do fostered a mind/body dualism that ultimately
permitted suicide. Emblematic of the shift in the group’s thought, the
final written document produced by Heaven’s Gate as explicitly declares
its theology as do Ti and Do’s early statements, though it details an oppo-
site position. “You must leave everything of your humanness behind. This
includes the ultimate sacrifice and demonstration of faith—that is, the
shedding of your human body. In so doing . . . you will be picked up
after shedding your vehicle, and taken to another world—by members
of the Kingdom of Heaven.”82
     Even so, it took a third change in Heaven’s Gate’s soteriology for
suicide to become a viable, rather than merely possible, option: a
transformation in how Ti and Do functioned within the movement’s
soteriology. A little less than a decade before Nettles’ death, Ti and Do
had declared themselves necessary conduits through which the mem-
bers of their movement could receive revelation and instruction.
Following his co-founder’s death, Do upgraded her status from co-leader
to superior. The group’s ’88 Update proclaims that since the departure
of Ti, “Do has been experiencing the role of having to communicate
mentally with her, his Older Member . . . Does the quote ‘The Father
is in Me and I am in My Father’ mean maybe a little more than we pre-
viously thought it might?” Ti became the Father, and Do the Son;
Nettles, God; Applewhite, Christ. The update continues, “‘What has
the class been doing for 12 years?’ you might ask. They have been tun-
ing their minds with their Older Member’s mind, who has been tun-
ing his mind with his Older Member’s mind, and so forth up the
ladder.”83 The placement of apostrophes in this quote is important.
The members of Heaven’s Gate sought guidance and direction from
one person, Do, who in turn understood himself to receive similar instruc-
tion from the now-disembodied Ti, who herself was part of a larger
hierarchy, which the movement variously called the evolutionary
chain, the chain of command, the chain of mind, or simply “the


                                                                                             87


            This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

vine.”84 This ideological transformation is essential in understanding
why the group entertained the plausibility of suicide. If the members
of Heaven’s Gate were somehow deprived of Do, which became a dis-
tinct possibility as Applewhite aged, they too would lose access to
their elder mind.
    After Ti’s death, Do turned towards a less self-reliant understand-
ing of salvation, slowly rejecting psychological and theological indi-
vidualism. Early sources described the salvific process as individual
and metamorphic: humans transformed into Next Level beings, then
departed for the heavens in a UFO.85 The latest available source pre-
dating Ti’s death, a 1985 document titled “Preparing for Service,”
specifies the role of teacher as a “guide.” Although this document
stressed the need to respect the teacher, it also declared “you are the
Central Sun in your own Solar System” and “nothing external has
power over you.”86 Documents post-dating Ti’s death introduce the
Biblical metaphors of “vine” and “grafting.”87 Do now taught that the
Next Level operated in a strictly hierarchical manner, that only
through one’s immediate older member might one advance and
evolve. In 1988, Do explained that commands are “handed down
through the vine” and in fact that “Next Level bodies . . . are grown as
plants from a vine.”88 Vacillating between botanical metaphor and
biological process, Do declared that “there seems to be an actual graft-
ing process used and genetic binding from Older Members. ‘I am the
vine, ye are the branches’ [John 15:5]—could that mean something
more than previously thought?”89 One of Do’s final written statements,
the introduction to the Heaven’s Gate anthology, How and When
Heaven’s Gate May Be Entered, explicitly declared the necessity of the
grafting process.

     Those who endure the “transition classroom” until it ends (adequately
     bonding or “grafting” to that Representative) will go with that
     Representative [Do]—literally LEAVE the human kingdom and Earth as
     He is about to do. Staying behind, for any significant period, could jeop-
     ardize that “graft.”90

By the final days of Heaven’s Gate, the mediation of Do replaced indi-
vidualist self-reliance as the core of the movement’s soteriology.

                    SALVATION LIMITED:
          ELECTION, DEPOSITS, AND PREDESTINATION

    Another striking change in Heaven’s Gate soteriology—the doctrines
of election and deposits—limited its self-reliant nature. Elucidating
these concepts during the final years of the movement’s existence, Do
first mentioned election—the idea that God (or the Next Level, in the


88


                   This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                  All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                   Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

case of Heaven’s Gate) selects which individuals are to be saved—in
Beyond Human, a twelve-part video series released in 1991–1992. In the
waning minutes of the seventh segment, Do declared:

   We feel that what has been shared with us can shorten the days of the
   elect. If you have come here from our Father’s Kingdom to finish your
   overcoming, then you know what we’re saying is true, and you’ll be wait-
   ing and craving to go full throttle in finishing that off, knowing that
   there is a short time in which to do it.91

Here, Do alluded to a New Testament verse that he quoted elsewhere,
Mark 13:20: “And except that the Lord shorten those days [i.e. the
tribulations associated with the endtime], none shall be saved: but for
the elect’s sake, whom He has chosen, He hath shortened the days.”92
Next, he glossed the passage, invoking specifically Christian theological
terminology in order to explain the mystery of individual election. “The
‘elect’ would mean that you have been picked to finish your overcom-
ing,” he said. “You could say, ‘Oh boy, I placed such a ‘high falootin’
interpretation of what the elect is, how could I be one of the elect’? Well,
if the Next Level picks you, don’t question it. Let them be the ones
responsible for that.”93
    Here, Do echoes a particular form of Protestant soteriology, that
which is found in Reformed theology, known more popularly as
Calvinism. Indeed, Reformed thought is the historical antecedent of
Applewhite’s own Presbyterian Church US (PCUS), although the mod-
erate Presbyterianism of the PCUS had moved away from the strict
Calvinism of John Knox and John Witherspoon.94 Nevertheless, the for-
mer seminarian was certainly familiar with the Reformed Westminster
Confession, which is still printed in The Presbyterian Books of Confessions,
and which famously declares that some are “predestinated unto ever-
lasting life, and others foreordained to everlasting death.”95 Do’s apolo-
getic explanation of election is in fact analogous to Calvin’s defense of
God’s glory and justice, or Westminster’s “high mystery of predestina-
tion,” the doctrine that God alone determines who is or is not saved, and
is the logical extension of the Reform notions of election and the irre-
sistible nature of grace.96 Although it is impossible to determine if Do
intentionally incorporated Reformed theology into Heaven’s Gate or
was perhaps subconsciously inspired by the theological precursors to his
birth-tradition, the presence of concepts analogous to Reformed
notions of predestination and election in Heaven’s Gate does demon-
strate that Applewhite’s earlier religious life and likely exposure to his-
torical Reformed thought had not entirely left him.97
    Only the elect, Do proclaimed, those predestined for salvation, could
hope for an eventual extraterrestrial salvation. “The Kingdom of God
sends crews to ‘tag’ or make ‘deposits’ in human bodies and their


                                                                                             89


            This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

minds/spirits . . . These deposits offer their recipients ‘recognition’ of
the Representatives [i.e., Ti and Do] . . . Without these ‘deposits’ no
choice of becoming a student is within the will of a human.”98 The for-
mer seminarian recognized that this understanding of election was
Christian in origin, pointing to (an unspecified part of) the Christian
Bible as a proof-text. “A funny thing here is recorded in the Scripture
and it confuses a lot of people, because you can’t really get into the
Kingdom of Heaven, no matter what you do, just on your own. It takes
a gift from the Kingdom of Heaven to even get you with their Representative.”
Do stressed the word “gift,” akin to the Christian concept of grace,
and the understanding that the gift is absolutely necessary. “That little
gift,” he continued, “is almost like a little ‘chip’ that’s planted in their
brain or in their body somehow.”99
    In 1992, Do described this implanted grace—i.e., the deposit—as a
technical (though not temporal) device used by the Next Level to mon-
itor a person’s spiritual progress or reveal their physical location, “like
a beeper or tag, or something that would enable the rancher or farmer
to keep track of that animal and watch its development.”100 By the final
days of the movement, Do equated the deposit with the soul. A deposit
contains a “soul’s beginnings,” he explained.101 In 1995, Heaven’s Gate
bluntly declared that “humans in any given time seem to fall in one of
three categories: (i) Humans without deposit—those who are simply
‘plants’ . . . (ii) those with deposits/souls who are receiving nourishment
from the present Rep(s) toward metamorphic completion, and (iii)
those with deposits/souls who are not in a classroom nor in a direct rela-
tionship with the Representative(s) from the Level Beyond Human.”102
Such a predestinarian soteriology flatly denied the possibility of salvation
to any person not graced with a deposit, or soul.
    Predestination, election, and grace may have hit a nerve with poten-
tial converts or members of Heaven’s Gate, former Christians who
thought they had left behind them any vestiges of Protestantism, let
alone Calvinism. Free will and the efficacy of personal religious agency
are hallmarks of the New Age and numerous self-improvement move-
ments, a population from which Ti and Do drew the majority of their
adherents.103 Even those with Christian backgrounds may have balked.
Most mainline and evangelical Christian denominations shy away from
Reformed soteriology with its emphasis on predestination and election,
although they generally retain the notion of grace. Despite refusing to
mute the quasi-Calvinist elements of his message, Do attempted to ease
the transition for those unaccustomed to this type of soteriology. In his
introduction to the eleventh session of Beyond Human, Do encouraged
his audience, “I can’t even imagine that you would begin to recognize it
[i.e., his message] if that possibility is not there for you.” 104 Do reassured
his listeners that the possibility he speaks of, of becoming a “son of His
Kingdom,” is very real for anyone who has managed to listen through ten


90


                 This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                   Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

one-hour videotaped lectures. Don’t worry about election, Do seemed to
be saying, you probably are elected if you’ve gotten this far.
    Yet regardless of Do’s reinterpretation, predestination challenged
the ethos and ideology of individualist self-efficacy that characterized
Heaven’s Gate’s early days. Two possibilities explain the slow ideological
shift from a universalist New Age soteriology to a predestinarian one
reminiscent of Reformed thought. The first is that Nettles, who intro-
duced much of the New Age worldview to Applewhite, had died in 1985.
Do first mentions implanted chips in 1988 and codified the new soteri-
ology by 1993. Freed from the New Age influence of Bonnie Nettles,
did Applewhite return to his Presbyterian roots in order to restructure
the movement? This is not a satisfying answer for two reasons: (1) Do did
not strip any other New Age or occult concepts from Heaven’s Gate’s
worldview. Certainly its ideology changed over the years, but no overar-
ching shift is evident.105 And, (2) there is no indication that Applewhite
was a Calvinist before meeting Nettles, in the sense that he accepted pre-
destination and election. When Applewhite attended Union Theological
Seminary, which was then affiliated with the Presbyterian Church of
United States (PCUS), many of his church’s leaders had abandoned
these doctrines. A denominational amendment to the Westminster
Confession of Faith passed in 1941 implicitly rejected them, and decla-
rations in 1958 and 1961 made this rejection explicit.106
    It is more plausible that the doctrines of grace and election in Do’s
thought served an explanatory role, justifying for himself and for his
members why so many people rejected or deserted the movement. Like
many new religious movements, Heaven’s Gate served as a launch pad or
intermediate step for individual spiritual seekers investigating their reli-
gious options. Although hundreds of people had joined the movement
at various times, only dozens remained longer than a few months, most
using their involvement with Heaven’s Gate as a chance to explore their
spirituality, but eventually deciding to move on to something different.
Balch witnessed and noted the massive defection rates within the move-
ment, from two hundred active members in 1975, to eighty in 1980. By
the time of the 1997 suicides, half of those members had left as well.107
    In this context, election separated the in-group from the out-group,
and explained the troublesome revolving door of group membership.
Unlike the Puritans, Dutch Reformed, or other Calvinist communities,
members of Heaven’s Gate did not profess any doubts about their elec-
tion. Do specifically reminded them that if they remained part of the
group, they were elect. No members or former members of Heaven’s
Gate or its predecessor movements recorded any Edwardsian struggles
over the state of their souls. There is no evidence that Ti or Do ever
turned away any prospective adherents under the pretext that the Older
Members declared them not to be among the elect. Never did the spir-
itual leaders of the movement eject a follower because he or she lacked


                                                                                             91


            This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

grace, although Ti and Do expelled at least nineteen people from the
group over the years.108
    Rather, the neo-Reformed elements of the group’s soteriology served
to minimize what Leon Festinger and his colleagues termed cognitive
dissonance. In his flawed but valuable study of the “Seekers,” a small
UFO group, Festinger utilizes the concept of dissonance to explain how
the Seekers responded to a failed doomsday prophecy. The predicted
events in the two groups are quite similar—for the Seekers, no UFO
landing, for Heaven’s Gate, widespread rejection by the popular audi-
ence and no UFO landing. The result is the same: cognitive dissonance.
“The fact that the predicted events did not occur is dissonant with con-
tinuing to believe both the prediction and the remainder of the ideol-
ogy of which the prediction was the central item,” writes Festinger.109 In
the case of the Seekers, Festinger and his colleagues argue, the disap-
pointed believers sought to reduce the dissonance by proselytizing. Ti
and Do developed for their followers a soteriology that explained why
so few people joined their movement, satisfying Festinger’s require-
ment that the group minimize dissonance in order to survive: “the dis-
sonance would be largely eliminated if they discarded the belief that had
been disconfirmed, [or] ceased the behavior which had been initiated
in preparation for the fulfillment of the prediction.” 110 Heaven’s Gate
did both, discarding the notion that salvation (i.e., the overcoming
process) was open to all, and largely neglected proselytizing for
extended periods of time. The cognitive dissonance model best explains
this shift in Heaven’s Gate’s soteriology.
    Further, Do’s soteriology was more complex than merely a reflection
of Calvinist predestination. Although a person without a deposit cannot
overcome the human condition, even those whom the Next Level has
graced with one are not guaranteed salvation. Unlike the Reformed
doctrine of irresistible grace, the notion of grace that Do upheld can
only exclude; it does not ensure salvation.111 In the context of Heaven’s
Gate, grace frees individuals to embrace the path of knowledge that per-
mits salvation, but it cannot guarantee that they will do so. Here the
Calvinist predestination within the Two’s soteriology succumbs to New
Age individualism, or perhaps the Presbyterian background of
Applewhite yields to the New Age mentality of the deceased Nettles.
Ultimately, salvation is a personal achievement, effected by a free-willed
agent, albeit mediated by a teacher and authorized by grace.

                   SALVATION ACHIEVED:
          SUICIDE AND THE END OF HEAVEN’S GATE

   The radical dualism that convinced adherents of Heaven’s Gate that
their bodies were only containers made suicide viable, but it was not
until the Spring of 1993 that allusions to a possible mass suicide appear


92


                This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                               All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                   Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

in the group’s public rhetoric. In an advertisement printed in several
major newspapers, the group declared that “a soul cannot end its own
existence. Though it may incarnate many times and the body or vehicle
it is wearing may be terminated, only the true Kingdom of God—the
Evolutionary Level Above Human—can terminate the soul. This termi-
nation of the soul is the only proper application of the term DEATH.”112
Having redefined death, the problematic ethical implications of suicide
faded.
     Several episodes conspired to heighten the possibility of suicide.
The 1993 government assault on the Branch Davidian residence in
Waco, Texas, reinforced the group’s distrust of and suspicions about the
government and American treatment of alternative religious groups.113
Combined with the group’s longstanding disgust at what they viewed as
rampant immorality and cultural decline, these qualms induced fears
that the apocalypse might be around the corner—a perspective shared
by Lindsey in his The Late Great Planet Earth and more recent publica-
tions, and mirrored by numerous Christians throughout history.114 As
well, Do became increasing concerned about his health, indicating to
the members of the group that their only remaining link to the Next
Level appeared ready to leave them.
     Only a catalyst was lacking—the right sign from Ti and the higher
echelons of the great chain of mind that suicide was indeed the appro-
priate action to take. Like many religionists before them, the members
of Heaven’s Gate found their confirmation in the sky, in the form of the
Hale-Bopp comet, which would reach its perigee to Earth on 22 March
1997, the day selected to begin the suicides.115 A few weeks earlier,
national radio personality Art Bell discussed the possibility that an
unidentified flying object was trailing the approaching Hale-Bopp
comet. Convinced that this UFO was a Next Level vessel piloted by Ti,
Do and the members of Heaven’s Gate decided that the time had come
for them to shed their human vehicles and take to the stars. “Ti and Do
had always believed in synchronicity,” wrote Robert Balch and David
Taylor, “and now everything seemed to be falling into place: Do’s failing
health, the conclusion of the harvest, the arrival of the comet, and the
approach of Easter [on March 30].”116 To the members of Heaven’s
Gate, it apparently made perfect sense, as is evident in their videotaped
farewell messages.117
     When the members of Heaven’s Gate gathered to end their bodily
existences, they were enacting the final episode in a salvific drama. This
drama had unfolded over multiple stages and drew inspiration from
multiple muses: Christian theology, the individualistic American spiri-
tual marketplace, and New Age self-improvement, among others. It was
twenty years in the making, an extensively developed production that
ended in a manner that none of its initial spectators could have imagined.
The first media response was predictable: accusations of brainwashing


                                                                                             93


            This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                           All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

and a dehumanization of the members of the group, ironic given that the
adherents of Heaven’s Gate also sought their own dehumanization.
Pundits and reporters did their best to exoticize Heaven’s Gate, trans-
forming them into an object of ridicule.118 What was lost, or intention-
ally ignored, was the quintessentially American nature of this movement.
Like many other Americans, the group declared the eternal soul the
true seat of personal identity, the difference being that Heaven’s Gate
took its Cartesian dualism to its most radical but eerily logical conclusion.
They wrestled with decoding the book of Revelation and applying its
vague prophecies to contemporary events, a similarity that the millions
of readers of The Late Great Planet Earth, and its twenty-first century suc-
cessor, Tim LaHaye and Jerry Jenkins’ Left Behind series, might find deeply
unsettling. Perhaps most telling, like many other Americans, members
of Heaven’s Gate were radical individualists who willingly invested their
personal salvation in the work of a savior figure. Rather than envision
the members of Heaven’s Gate as deluded cultists under the spell of a
brainwashing leader, it must be recognized that the individuals who
committed suicide in Rancho Santa Fe were spiritual seekers obsessed
with their own salvation. The earthly remains of these thirty-nine souls
who quested for heavenly salvation is perhaps the darkest commentary
on the modern American fixation on individualism and personal religious
exploration, but it is also a testament to the human quest for control, for
meaning, and for salvation.


                                     ENDNOTES
1 Thirty-nine members of Heaven’s Gate died in the Rancho Santa Fe mansion.

Two members of the group were not present and subsequently ritually ended
their lives: Wayne Cooke (b. 1943) died 6 May 1997. Chuck Humphrey (b. 1943)
died 17 February 1998. This paper was presented at the 2003 annual meeting of
the Society for the Scientific Study of Religion. I wish to thank those who
responded at that session and the anonymous reviewers of Nova Religio for their
helpful comments in revising the paper for publication. Thanks are specifically
owed to Catherine Wessinger, Rebecca Moore, Douglas E. Cowan, Robert Balch,
and Yaakov Ariel for their suggestions.
2 The group that eventually assumed the name Heaven’s Gate went by a num-

ber of different names. Whether it called itself Human Individual Metamor-
phosis, Total Overcomers Anonymous, Anonymous Sexaholics Celibate Church,
the UFO Cult, or Heaven’s Gate, however, the carry-over in membership and
persistence of ideological threads solidified the movement throughout its
twenty-year history. Since I am more interested in a thematic exploration than
an organizational history, I will somewhat anachronistically refer to the group as
Heaven’s Gate throughout this article. For details on carry-over in group mem-
bership, see Robert W. Balch, “The Evolution of a New Age Cult: From Total

94


                  This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                 All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                    Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

Overcomers Anonymous to Death at Heaven’s Gate,” in Sects, Cults, and Spiritual
Communities: A Sociological Analysis, ed. William W. Zellner and Marc Petrowsky
(Westport, Ct.: Praeger Publishers, 1998), 1–24, and Robert W. Balch and David
Taylor, “Making Sense of the Heaven’s Gate Suicides,” in Cults, Religions, and Vio-
lence, ed. David G. Bromley and J. Gordon Melton (New York: Cambridge University
Press, 2002), 209–228.
3 Balch, “The Evolution of a New Age Cult,” 6.

4 Roger Finke and Rodney Stark, The Churching of America, 1776–1990: Winners

and Losers in Our Religious Economy (New Brunswick, N.J.: Rutgers University
Press, 1992).
5 Biographical information on Nettles is scant. These details come from the sec-

ondary literature, especially that of Robert Balch. See Robert W. Balch, “Bo and
Peep: A Case Study of the Origins of Messianic Leadership,” in Millennialism and
Charisma, ed. Roy Wallis (Belfast: The Queen’s University, 1982), 28. For more
on Nettles’ involvement in the Theosophical Society in America, see Catherine
Wessinger, How the Millennium Comes Violently: From Jonestown to Heaven’s Gate
(New York: Seven Bridges Press, 2000), 232, n. 55.
6 Robert W. Balch, personal communication with author, 2 February 2004.

7 This biographical sketch is based on secondary materials, especially Robert W.

Balch, “Bo and Peep,” 29, and the sidebar “Bo and Peep” in Robert W. Balch and
David Taylor, “Salvation in a UFO,” Psychology Today 10, no. 5 (1976): 66. Readers
interested in a more lengthy description and analysis of Nettles’ and Apple-
white’s history should also see James S. Phelan, “Looking For: The Next World,”
New York Times Magazine (29 February 1976); Robert W. Balch, “Waiting for the
Ships: Disillusionment and the Revitalization of Faith in Bo and Peep’s UFO
Cult,” in The Gods Have Landed: New Religions from Other Worlds, ed. James R. Lewis
(Albany: State University of New York Press, 1995), 141–42.
8 Balch, for example, calls the encounter “chance” (“Waiting for the Ships,”

143), noting that Applewhite was visiting a friend recovering from an operation.
(“Bo and Peep,” 33). After the mass suicides, several media outlets claimed that
Applewhite was a mental patient at the time. See Evan Thomas, “Web of Death,”
Newsweek (7 April 1997): 31.
9 Perhaps the most obvious example of such a reductionist reading of Heaven’s

Gate is David Daniel’s “The Beginning of the Journey,” Newsweek (13 April 1997):
36–37.
10 Hayden Hewes and Brad Steiger recorded one of Applewhite’s early discussions

of vibrations in a 1976 interview; see Brad Steiger, “Interview with Marshall Herff
Applewhite and Bonnie Lu Nettles,” in UFO Missionaries Extraordinary, ed. Hayden
Hewes and Brad Steiger (New York: Pocket Books, 1976), 82. On spirits and spirit
guides, see Steiger, “Interview,” 133. For examples after Nettles’ death, see
Heaven’s Gate, Beyond Human—The Last Call, session 8 (vibrations) and session 3
(spirits). N.b., transcripts of the twelve-part Beyond Human series are contained in
Heaven’s Gate, How and When “Heaven’s Gate” May Be Entered: An Anthology of Our
Materials (Mill Springs, N.C.: Wild Flower Press, 1997), hereafter Heaven’s Gate: An
Anthology. When citing this collection, I follow its overall internal pagination
scheme, which lists section and page number within the section. Appendices A and
B are cited accordingly, while the front matter lacks a section number. When cit-
ing the Beyond Human transcripts, I also provide the session number.

                                                                                              95


             This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                            All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

11 Christian Smith, American Evangelicalism: Embattled and Thriving (Chicago:

University of Chicago Press, 1998), 106.
12 Balch, “Bo and Peep,” 39.

13 Balch, “Bo and Peep,” 39.

14 Applewhite and Nettles used a plethora of names during the first years of their

evangelism. During the early days of the movement when they were experi-
menting with their religious identities, Nettles and Applewhite adopted the
monikers Guinea and Pig. “They explained that they were being used as guinea
pigs in an experiment of cosmic proportions,” writes Balch (“Bo and Peep,” 53)
Later, when the two became religious leaders and began gathering a flock, they
claimed the names Bo (Nettles) and Peep (Applewhite). The ’88 Update,
authored by Do, explains that the two took the names because “it looks like
we’re gathering our lost sheep. ” (Marshall Herff Applewhite, “’88 Update,” in
Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 3 p. 7) Finally, the Two renamed themselves Ti
and Do, the names of two musical notes. They never explained the reason for
this final choice.
15 When I refer to the Applewhite and Nettles in their roles as the religious lead-

ers of Heaven’s Gate, I refer to them using the designations that they ultimately
preferred. Although some readers may be struck by the infantilizing tone of
these monosyllabic monikers, I remind them that these are the names that the
two chose for themselves. I employ their surnames in this article in describing
their individual identities outside of Heaven’s Gate.
16 Marshall Herff Applewhite and Bonnie Lu Nettles, “First Statement,” in

Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 2, p. 3.
17 Applewhite and Nettles, “First Statement,” sec. 2, p. 4. See also Heaven’s

Gate, “95 Statements By an E.T. Presently Incarnate,” in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthol-
ogy, sec. 1, p. 8; and Beyond Human, sessions 3, 12; Steiger, “Interview.”
18 Steiger, “Interview,” 115–19, 123–25.

19 Applewhite and Nettles, “First Statement,” sec. 2, p. 3.

20 Steiger, “Interview,” 152.

21 Phelan, “Looking For: The Next World,” 58.

22 Phelan, “Looking For: The Next World,” 58.

23 Applewhite and Nettles, “First Statement,” sec. 2, p. 4.

24 Applewhite and Nettles, “First Statement,” sec. 2, p. 3.

25 Applewhite and Nettles, “First Statement,” sec. 2, p. 4. For more on Ti an Do’s

reading of biblical “clouds” as UFOs, see Heaven’s Gate, Planet About to be Recycled—
Your Only Chance to Survive, VHS Videotape (5 October 1996); the 1994 promotional
posters “Last Chance to Advance Beyond Human (Extended Statement),” (in
Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 6, p. 4); “UFOs, Space Aliens, and Their Final Fight
for Earth’s Spoils” (in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 6, p. 8); “He’s Back, We’re
Back, Where do You Stand?” (in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 6, p. 9); and “UFO
‘Cult’ Resurfaces With Final Offer” (in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 5, p. 3).
26 Marshall Herff Applewhite and Bonnie Lu Nettles, “A Statement Prepared by

The Two,” in UFO Missionaries Extraordinary, ed. Hayden Hewes and Brad Steiger
(New York: Pocket Books, 1976), 168.
27 Applewhite and Nettles, “First Statement,” sec. 2, p. 4.


96


                   This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                  All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                     Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

28 Steiger, “Interview,” 152.

29 Applewhite, ’88 Update, sec. 3, pp. 4–5.

30 This episode is retold in Hewes and Steiger, UFO Missionaries Extraordinary, 18.

31 For the historical development of dispensationalism, including an institutional and

cultural history of its spread through nineteenth-century evangelicalism, see George
M. Marsden, Fundamentalism and American Culture: The Shaping of Twentieth-Century
Evangelicalism, 1870–1925 (New York: Oxford University Press, 1980). For more on
twentieth-century evangelicalism, see A. G. Mojtabai, Blessed Assurance: At Home with
the Bomb in Amarillo, Texas (Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 1986).
32 Marsden, Fundamentalism and American Culture, 59. Marsden also includes an

excellent graphic of the seven dispensations (64–65). For Scofield’s systemization,
see C. I Scofield, ed., The Scofield Reference Bible (New York: Oxford University
Press, 1901).
33 See Scofield, The Scofield Reference Bible, Revelation 19:19 (n. 1); 1 Thessaloni-

ans 4:17 (n.1); 1 Corinthians 15:52 (n. 1).
34 Applewhite and Nettles, “A Statement Prepared by The Two,” 163. Mainstream

dispensationalists believe that during each historical epoch, God related to
human beings differently. The legal dispensation, for example, required
humans to follow the Mosaic laws, whereas the Edenic dispensation merely
required Adam and Eve’s obedience to God. For Nettles and Applewhite, the
“next level” related to humans differently during the five historical dispensa-
tions, predicated on the example given humanity by the figure for whom the
epoch was named.
35 Descriptions of the first through fifth dispensations appear in Applewhite and

Nettles, “A Statement Prepared by The Two,” 164–68. I cite their discussion of
the sixth dispensation.
36 Applewhite and Nettles, “A Statement Prepared by The Two,” 169.

37 Applewhite and Nettles, “A Statement Prepared by The Two,” 169.

38 Randall Balmer, Mine Eyes Have Seen the Glory: A Journey into the Evangelical Sub-

culture in America (New York: Oxford University Press, 1989), 35, and ch. 2, n. 3.
39 See Balmer, Mine Eyes Have Seen the Glory, 46.

40 For more on Nettles’ Christian upbringing, see Balch and Taylor, “Salvation

in a UFO,” 66. Unfortunately, Nettles never revealed the specific Baptist denom-
ination to which she belonged, nor does the secondary literature indicate it.
However, statistically speaking, she was most likely a Southern Baptist. A 1971
study showed that 37.5 percent of all Christians living in Texas declared their
religious affiliation as Southern Baptist. No other Baptist group accounted for
more than 0.1 percent of Texas Christians (see Douglas W. Johnson et. al.,
Churches and Church Membership in the United States: An Enumeration by Region, State,
and County [Washington, D.C.: Glenmary Research Center, 1974], 11). The
same study found that in the eight-county Houston region where Nettles grew
up and resided, the second largest Baptist group, the Baptist Missionary
Alliance, was only 2.3 percent the size of the Southern Baptist Convention
(Johnson et. al., Churches and Church Membership in the United State, 193–204).
41 The 1984 survey revealed that 63 percent of Southern Baptist ministers self-

characterized as premillennialists. Roughly half of those declared themselves
dispensationalists (Helen Lee Turner and James L. Guth, “The Politics of

                                                                                               97


              This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                             All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

Armageddon: Dispensationalism among Southern Baptist Ministers,” in Ted G.
Jelen, ed., Religion and Political Behavior in the United States [New York: Praeger,
1989], 190).
42 Nettles, quoted in Balch, “Bo and Peep,” 42.

43 See Mojtabai, Blessed Assurance, especially chapters 11–14.

44 Hal Lindsey, The Late Great Planet Earth (Grand Rapids: Zondervan, 1970).

Sales figures noted in William Martin, “Waiting for the End: the Growing Inter-
est in Apocalyptic Prophecy,” The Atlantic Monthly (June 1982): 31.
45 Steiger, “Interview,” 84.

46 As Catherine Wessinger notes, the idealized extraterrestrials of Heaven’s Gate

are functionally similar to the Masters of the Theosophical Society, who “were
said to guide evolution on different planets through psychic influences” (per-
sonal communicaton with author, 30 November 2004). While this article high-
lights the many Christian elements in Heaven’s Gate, another fruitful avenue
would the prevalence of Theosophical motifs in Ti and Do’s thought. See also
Wessinger’s discussion in How the Millennium Comes Violently, 239–40.
47 Beyond Human, session 3, in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 4, p. 32.

48 Describing the forty followers he interviewed, Balch writes that “before

encountering the Two, all had defined themselves as spiritual seekers on a path
to higher knowledge” (“Bo and Peep,” 25). The newsweeklies and periodicals
following the 1997 mass suicides also describe the demographic makeup of the
group in its final years on Earth. See also Balch, “Waiting for the Ships” 145,
Balch and Taylor, “Salvation in a UFO,” 61.
49 Wouter J. Hanegraaff, New Age Religion and Western Culture: Esotericism in the Mir-

ror of Secular Thought (Leiden: E.J. Brill, 1996), 46.
50 Guru-based movements such as the Hare Krishna movement (ISKCON) or

Siddha Yoga (SYDA Foundation) complicate this generalization. Yet, the very
fact that these groups do emphasize the guru to such an extent precludes them
from some definitions of the New Age movement. For excellent treatments of
the New Age, see James R. Lewis and J. Gordon Melton, eds., Perspectives on the
New Age (Albany: State University of New York Press, 1992).
51 Applewhite and Nettles, “First Statement.”

52 Balch and Taylor, “Seekers and Saucers: The Role of the Cultic Milieu in Joining

a UFO Cult,” in American Behavioral Scientist 20, no. 6 (1977): 853.
53 Balch and Taylor, “Seekers and Saucers,” 853.

54 Applewhite and Nettles, “Prospective Candidate Letter,” retrieved online from

www.rkkody.com/rkk/rkkomat.htm>, accessed 13 November 1997 (now defunct);
“Ruffles—‘Snacks for Thinkers,’” retrieved online from <www.rkkody.com/rkk/rkko-
mat htm>, accessed 13 November 1997 (now defunct).
55 Heaven’s Gate, “Organized Religion Has Become the Primary Pulpit for Mis-

information and the Great ‘Cover Up’ (Poster),” in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology,
sec. 6, p. 6. Originally published in 1994.
56 Wade Clark Roof, Spiritual Marketplace: Baby Boomers and the Remaking of Ameri-

can Religion (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1999), 82. Such a view is, of
course, compatible with the strand of American religious voluntarism that has
been chronicled as early as Robert Baird (Religion in America, New York: Harper and


98


                   This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                  All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                    Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

Brother, 1844) and Alexis de Tocqueville (Democracy in America, London: Saunders
and Otley, 1835).
57 The few scholars who adopt the brainwashing conjecture would disagree with

this statement. For the advantages of the individual choice approach, see James
T. Richardson, “The Active vs. Passive Convert: Paradigm Conflict in Conver-
sion/Recruitment Research,” Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion 24, no. 2
(1985): 163–79; Lorne L. Dawson, “Self-Affirmation, Freedom, and Rationality:
Theoretically Elaborating ‘Active’ Conversions,” Journal for the Scientific Study of
Religion 29, no. 2 (1990): 141–63. For the second generation of new religious
movements, this generalization is less true. For excellent accounts of new reli-
gious movements’ second generations, wherein some members never made the
conscious choice to convert, see Susan J. Palmer and Charlotte E. Hardman,
eds., Children in New Religions (New Brunswick, N.J.: Rutgers University Press,
1999).
58 Emphasis in the original. Phillip E. Hammond, Religion and Personal Autonomy:

The Third Disestablishment in America (Columbia: University of South Carolina
Press, 1992), 169. See also Rodney Stark and William Sims Bainbridge, A Theory
of Religion (New York: Peter Lang, 1987); Rodney Stark and Roger Finke, Acts of
Faith: Explaining the Human Side of Religion (Berkeley: University of California
Press, 2000).
59 Applewhite and Nettles, “Prospective Candidate Letter.” For curious readers,

the entire letter to prospective candidates is 894 words long, containing 50
instances of “you” (5.6%) and 19 of “your” (2.1%).
60 Applewhite and Nettles, “Prospective Candidate Letter.”

61 Balch and Taylor, “Salvation in a UFO,” 106.

62 Steiger, “Interview,” 110.

63 Balch, “‘When the Light Goes out, Darkness Comes’: A Study of Defection

from a Totalistic Cult,” in Religious Movements: Genesis, Exodus, and Numbers, ed.
Rodney Stark (New York: Paragon House Publishers, 1985), 21.
64 Balch, “Waiting for the Ships,” 154.

65 Balch, “Waiting for the Ships,” 154.

66 Applewhite and Nettles, “Prospective Candidate Letter.”

67 Balch, “‘When the Light Goes out, Darkness Comes,’” 21–23.

68 See Steiger, “Interview,” 95–96; Applewhite and Nettles, “Prospective Candidate

Letter,” and Applewhite and Nettles, “First Statement.”
69 Applewhite, ’88 Update,” sec. 3, p. 8.

70 Catherine Wessinger, How the Millennium Comes Violently, 16–17.

71 Again, Hal Lindsey is an excellent example. A more contemporary example

is the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry Jenkins.
72 Steiger, “Interview,” 98.

73 Beyond Human, session 2, in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 4, p. 20.

74 Beyond Human, session 2, in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 4, p. 21; emphasis

in the original.
75 Heaven’s Gate, “‘UFO’ Cult Resurfaces With Final Offer,” in Heaven’s Gate: An

Anthology, sec. 5, p. 3.


                                                                                              99


             This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                            All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

76 Heaven’s Gate, Last Chance to Evacuate Earth Before It’s Recycled, VHS Videotape

(26 September 1996); Planet About to be Recycled—Your Only Chance to Survive,
VHS Videotape (5 October 1996). Transcripts of the tapes were available on the
Heaven’s Gate webpage, <www.heavensgate.com/misc/latest.htm>, accessed
13 November 1997.
77 See especially Beyond Human, session 4.

78 Steiger, “Interview,” 89.

79 Steiger, “Interview,” 149.

80 Applewhite, ’88 Update, sec. 3, p. 12.

81 Applewhite, ’88 Update, sec. 3, p. 12.

82 Heaven’s Gate, “Exit Press Release,” retrieved online from <www.heavens-

gate.com/pressrel.htm>, accessed 13 November 1997.
83 Applewhite, ’88 Update, sec. 3, p. 12.

84 This language is prevalent in most of the Heaven’s Gate documents, but see espe-

cially Brnody, “Up the Chain,” in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, Appendix A, p. 32.
85 See Applewhite and Nettles, “Prospective Candidate Letter”; Applewhite and

Nettles, “First Statement”; and Phelan, “Looking For: The Next World.”
86 Applewhite and Nettles, “Preparing For Service,” retrieved online from

<www.rkkody.com/rkk/rkkomat.htm>, accessed 13 November 1997 (now defunct).
87 Neither term appears in earlier materials.

88 Applewhite, ’88 Update, sec. 3, p. 12.

89 Applewhite, ’88 Update, sec. 3, p. 12.

90 Applewhite, “Do’s Introduction: Our Purpose—The Simple Bottom Line,” in

Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, v.
91 Beyond Human, session 7, in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 4, p. 83.

92 Quoted in Heaven’s Gate, “Exit Press Release.” This source paraphrases the

King James Version.
93 Beyond Human, session 11, in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 4, p. 121.

94 Applewhite attended Virginia’s Union Theological Seminary (not to be confused

with New York City’s seminary of the same name) during its affiliation with the
Presbyterian Church of the United States (PCUS), the southern branch of
American Presbyterianism. In 1983, long after Applewhite had left the church,
the PCUS merged with the United Presbyterian Church of the United States of
America (UPCUSA) to form the Presbyterian Church of the United States of
America (PCUSA), the largest national Presbyterian denomination.
95 Westminster Assembly, “The Westminster Confession,” 3:3. (1646)

96 Westminster Assembly, “The Westminster Confession,” 3:8. (1646)

97 The Union Theological Seminary declined my request to release Applewhite’s

transcripts, and I have not been able to locate any additional information on his
theological exposure while in attendance there.
98 I have omitted Do’s lengthy qualification that the Next Level only tags poten-

tial members during certain eras, further limiting the availability of salvation
(see Applewhite, “Undercover ‘Jesus’ Surfaces before Departure,” in Heaven’s
Gate: An Anthology, sec. 1, p. 5). Heaven’s Gate posted this message to the Internet
in January 1997.


100


                  This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                 All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
                                                                     Zeller: Scaling Heaven’s Gate

99 Beyond Human, session 1, in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 4, p. 10.

100 Beyond Human, session 1, in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 4, p. 10.

101 Applewhite, “Do’s Introduction,” iii. See also the video Last Chance to Evacu-

ate Earth Before It’s Recycled, wherein Do declares, “We’ll call those ‘deposits,’ for
sake of understanding, the ‘soul.’”
102 Heaven’s Gate, “’95 Statement,” sec. 1, p. 9.

103 See n. 48 above.

104 Beyond Human, session 11, in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, sec. 4, p. 121.

105 One can argue that Do incorporated numerous Christian elements into

Heaven’s Gate after Ti’s death, e.g., biblical passages as proof-texts, a neo-
Augustinian view of divine hierarchy, and the eventual identification of Ti as the
Father and Do as the Son. However, these concepts existed inchoate during Net-
tles’ lifetime. Further, Do expanded occult and New Age aspects of his thought
as well, the most obvious of which is his fascination with UFOs, human metamor-
phosis, and spirits.
106 The “Amendment to the Confession of Faith” states “In the Gospel God

declares His love for the world and His desire that all men should be saved,
reveals fully and clearly the only way of salvation; [God] promises eternal life to
all who truly repent and believe in Christ.” Presbyterian Church of the United
States, “The Westminster Confession,” 10:2. (Minutes of the Eighty-First General
Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in the United States [Richmond: Presbyterian
Committee on Publication, 1941], 112–13). For a discussion of the decline of the
doctrines of election and predestination in the PCUS church, see Bryan V.
Hillis, Can Two Walk Together Unless They Be Agreed? American Religious Schisms in
the 1970s (Brooklyn: Carlson Publishing, 1991), 10–13.
107 See Balch, “Waiting for the Ships”; Balch, “‘When the Light Goes out, Dark-

ness Comes’.”
108 Balch, “Waiting for the Ships,” 157. For more on the revolving door nature

of Heaven’s Gate, see their own material, especially the transcripts of their Last
Call videocassette series, and Beyond Human, session 5, in Heaven’s Gate: An
Anthology, sec. 4, p. 52.
109 Leon Festinger, Henry W. Riecken, and Stanley Schachter, When Prophecy Fails

(Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1956), 27.
110 Festinger et. al., When Prophecy Fails, 27. For an examination of Festinger’s

main points as well as an analysis of his study, see Jon R. Stone, ed., Expecting
Armageddon: Essential Readings in Failed Prophecy (New York: Routledge, 2000),
especially the chapters by Stone, Zygmunt, and Melton.
111 Reformed theology is often summarized by the acronym TULIP: Total deprav-

ity, Unconditional election, Limited atonement, Irresistible grace, Perseverance
of the saints.
112 Heaven’s Gate, “UFO Cult Emerges With Final Offer,” in Heaven’s Gate: An

Anthology, sec. 5, p. 3. Originally published in USA Today (27 May 1993).
113 See Heaven’s Gate, “Our Position Against Suicide,” retrieved from

<www.heavensgate.com/misc/letter.htm>, accessed 13 November 1997.
114 This is evident in nearly every document the group produced after 1993. For

example, Jwnody’s “Overview of the Present Mission” laments that “the weeds


                                                                                              101


              This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                             All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
Nova Religio

have taken over the garden and truly disturbed its usefulness beyond repair—
it is time for the civilization to be recycled—‘spaded under’” (Jwnody, “Overview
of the Present Mission,” in Heaven’s Gate: An Anthology, ix. For the presence of
the rhetoric of declension in evangelical culture, see The Late Great Planet Earth,
especially chapters 10 and 14, as well as the Web site, Rapture Ready (<http://
raptureready.com>), which documents declension in its “Rapture Index” and
“End-Time Newsbites.” The classic American narratives of declension are, of
course, the jeremiads of second-generation New England Puritans, most eloquently
summarized and analyzed by Perry Miller, Errand Into the Wilderness (Cambridge:
Belknap Press of Harvard University Press, 1956).
115 Autopsies determined that the suicides began either late Saturday, 22 March,

or early Sunday, 23 March. See Thomas, “Web of Death,” 32.
116 Balch and Taylor, “Making Sense of the Heaven’s Gate Suicides,” 223.

117 Thirty-five members of Heaven’s Gate taped personalized farewell messages in

a video mailed to several former members and eventually released to the public.
118 The most obvious case of dehumanizing ridicule is perhaps Ted Turner’s

comments that Heaven’s Gate was “a good way to get rid of a few nuts” (Reuters
News Wire, 29 March 1997). TIME’s cover story was only slightly less dehuman-
izing, comparing the Heaven’s Gate dead to “laboratory specimens pinned
neatly to a board” (Elizabeth Gleick, “‘The Marker We’ve Been Waiting For,’”
TIME, [7 April 1997]: 31). In the same issue, Richard Lacayo’s “The Lure of the
Cult” resorted to ridicule, describing Heaven’s Gate cosmology as “as infantile
apocalypse, one part applesauce, one part phenobarbital” inspired by “insipid pop
dust-jacket conventions” (45).


102


                  This content downloaded from 128.252.67.66 on Sat, 15 Jun 2013 06:48:46 AM
                                 All use subject to JSTOR Terms and Conditions
