{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T21:40:38Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 101888, "source_ctime_ns": 1790246367038479541, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-05-05_BBC_Programmes-Click-Hacker-fears-UFO-cover-up.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790246367033895678, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-05-05_BBC_Programmes-Click-Hacker-fears-UFO-cover-up.pdf", "source_sha256": "1cb5a1293ef68d7df6068bcef54ccc637de5b43492a237aeeecd41cfdc2b4645"}

Skip to main content
      Low Graphics
      Access keys help

             Home                                                                                 Search                            Explore the BBC

Low graphics|Accessibility help
                                   BBC NEWS CHANNEL


Click              Last Updated: Friday, 5 May 2006, 16:40 GMT 17:40 UK
Gadgets and guides      E-mail this to a friend          Printable version
Highlights         Hacker fears 'UFO cover-up'
Meet the team      In 2002, Gary McKinnon was arrested EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW                               CLICK
About the          by the UK's national high-tech crime
                   unit, after being accused of hacking                                                             Click on Twitter
programme          into Nasa and the US military                                                                    Get the latest with our
                     computer networks.                                                                             Twitter alerts
                     He says he spent two years looking for                                                         on Facebook...
                     photographic evidence of alien                                                                 Join in the
                     spacecraft and advanced power                                                                  conversation on
                     technology.                                                                         Facebook
                     America now wants to put him on trial,                                                         ... and on Google+
                     and if tried there he could face 60 years          Watch an extended                           Put Click in your
                     behind bars.                              version of the interview,                            Circles to receive
                                                              lasting 16 minutes                         updates
                     Banned from using the internet, Gary
                     spoke to Click presenter Spencer Kelly to tell his side of the story, ahead of
                     his extradition hearing on Wednesday, 10 May. You can read what he had to           SEE ALSO:
                     say here.                                                                           Profile: Gary McKinnon
                                                                                                         'Hacker' extradition case reopens
                     Spencer Kelly: Here's your list of charges: you hacked into the Army, the
                     Navy, the Air Force, the Department of Defense, and Nasa, amongst other           RELATED INTERNET LINKS:
                     things. Why?                                                                      NASA
                     Gary McKinnon: I was in search of suppressed technology, laughingly
                                                                                                       Johnson Space Center
                     referred to as UFO technology. I think it's the biggest kept secret in the world The BBC is not responsible for
                     because of its comic value, but it's a very important thing.                      the content of external internet
                     Old-age pensioners can't pay their fuel bills, countries are invaded to award oil
                                                                                                       sites
                     contracts to the West, and meanwhile secretive parts of the secret
                     government are sitting on suppressed technology for free energy.
                     SK: How did you go about trying to find the stuff you were looking for in
                     Nasa, in the Department of Defense?
                     GM: Unlike the press would have you believe, it wasn't very clever. I searched
                     for blank passwords, I wrote a tiny Perl script that tied together other people's
                     programs that search for blank passwords, so you could scan 65,000 machines
                     in just over eight minutes.
                     SK: So you're saying that you found computers which had a high-ranking
                     status, administrator status, which hadn't had their passwords set - they were
                     still set to default?
                     GM: Yes, precisely.
                     SK: Were you the only hacker to make it past the slightly lower-than-expected
                     lines of defence?
                     GM: Yes, exactly, there were no lines of defence. There was a permanent
                     tenancy of foreign hackers. You could run a command when you were on the
                     machine that showed connections from all over the world, check the IP
                     address to see if it was another military base or whatever, and it wasn't.
                     The General Accounting Office in America has again published another
                     damning report saying that federal security is very, very poor.
                     SK: Over what kind of period were you hacking into these computers? Was it
                     a one-time only, or for the course of a week?
                     GM: Oh no, it was a couple of years.
                                     File: 2006 05 05_BBC_Programmes Click Hacker fears UFO cover up.pdf
                                         URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/click_online/4977134.stm
SK: And you went unnoticed for a
couple of years?
GM: Oh yes. I used to be careful about
the hours.
SK: So you would log on in the middle
of the night, say?
GM: Yes, I'd always be juggling
different time zones. Doing it at night A bird or a plane?... Gary was
time there's hopefully not many people
around. But there was one occasion
                                        not able to get a picture of what
when a network engineer saw me and he saw
actually questioned me and we actually
talked to each other via WordPad,
which was very, very strange.
SK: So what did he say? And what did you say?
GM: He said "What are you doing?" which was a bit shocking. I told him I
was from Military Computer Security, which he fully believed.
SK: Did you find what you were looking for?
GM: Yes.
SK: Tell us about it.
GM: There was a group called the Disclosure Project. They published a book
which had 400 expert witnesses ranging from civilian air traffic controllers,
through military radar operators, right up to the chaps who were responsible
for whether or not to launch nuclear missiles.
They are some very credible, relied upon people, all saying yes, there is UFO
technology, there's anti-gravity, there's free energy, and it's extra-terrestrial in
origin, and we've captured spacecraft and reverse-engineered it.
SK: What did you find inside Nasa?
GM: One of these people was a Nasa photographic expert, and she said that
in building eight of Johnson Space Centre they regularly airbrushed out
images of UFOs from the high-resolution satellite imaging. What she said was
there was there: there were folders called "filtered" and "unfiltered",
"processed" and "raw", something like that.
I got one picture out of the folder, and bearing in mind this is a 56k dial-up, so
a very slow internet connection, in dial-up days, using the remote control
programme I turned the colour down to 4bit colour and the screen resolution
really, really low, and even then the picture was still juddering as it came onto
the screen.
But what came on to the screen was amazing. It was a culmination of all my
efforts. It was a picture of something that definitely wasn't man-made.
It was above the Earth's hemisphere. It kind of looked like a satellite. It was
cigar-shaped and had geodesic domes above, below, to the left, the right and
both ends of it, and although it was a low-resolution picture it was very close
up.
This thing was hanging in space, the earth's hemisphere visible below it, and
no rivets, no seams, none of the stuff associated with normal man-made
manufacturing.
SK: Is it possible this is an artist's impression?
GM: I don't know... For me, it was more than a coincidence. This woman has
said: "This is what happens, in this building, in this space centre". I went into
that building, that space centre, and saw exactly that.
SK: Do you have a copy of this? It came down to your machine.
GM: No, the graphical remote viewer works frame by frame. It's a Java
application, so there's nothing to save on your hard drive, or at least if it is,
only one frame at a time.
SK: So did you get the one frame?
GM: No.

                 File: 2006 05 05_BBC_Programmes Click Hacker fears UFO cover up.pdf
                     URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/click_online/4977134.stm
                     SK: What happened?
                     GM: Once I was cut off, my picture just disappeared.
                     SK: You were actually cut off the time you were downloading the picture?
                     GM: Yes, I saw the guy's hand move across.
                     SK: You acknowledge that what you did was against the law, it was wrong,
                     don't you?
                     GM: Unauthorised access is against the law and it is wrong.
                     SK: What do you think is a suitable punishment for someone who did what
                     you did?
                     GM: Firstly, because of what I was looking for, I think I was morally correct.
                     Even though I regret it now, I think the free energy technology should be
                     publicly available.
                     I want to be tried in my own country, under the Computer Misuse Act, and I
                     want evidence brought forward, or at least want the Americans to have to
                     provide evidence in order to extradite me, because I know there is no evidence
                     of damage.

                     Nasa told Click that it does not discuss computer security issues or legal
                     matters. It denied it would ever manipulate images in order to deceive and said
                     it had a policy of open and full disclosure, adding it had no direct evidence of
                     extra-terrestrial life.


                         E-mail this to a friend                  Printable version

PRODUCTS & SERVICES

    E-mail news
    Mobiles
    Alerts
    News feeds
    Interactive TV
    Podcasts
    BBC Copyright Notice
    MMIX
    Back to top ^^
    Help
    Privacy and cookies policy
    News sources
    About the BBC
    Contact us


                                     File: 2006 05 05_BBC_Programmes Click Hacker fears UFO cover up.pdf
                                         URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/click_online/4977134.stm
