{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T03:38:45Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 92109, "source_ctime_ns": 1788535770498610275, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-03-13_The-Space-Review_Six-blind-men-in-a-zoo-Aviation-Week-s-mythical-Blackstar-page-1.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788535770495228434, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-03-13_The-Space-Review_Six-blind-men-in-a-zoo-Aviation-Week-s-mythical-Blackstar-page-1.pdf", "source_sha256": "1df510a4cc1c34d85a96eab43540b20144b985708f38a778d87753d33a0f14c0"}

The Space Review                                                 in association with SpaceNews


                            XB-70 takeoff                                                                Subscribe to our weekly
                                                                                                         newsletter
                                                                                                          email address
                                                                                                           Subscribe


                            The Blackstar spaceplane was allegedly launched from a carrier
                            aircraft similar to the XB-70 supersonic bomber. (credit:
                            NASA/DFRC)

                         by Dwayne A. Day
                         Monday, March 13, 2006
                         The pages of Aviation Week were filled with breathless prose about
                         an amazing new aircraft. According to a reporter writing for the
                         magazine, a top secret, highly advanced high-speed aircraft was
                         spotted in flight by multiple observers. There was no official
                         confirmation of its existence, but it was clearly the kind of highly
                         advanced airplane that the government would not want anybody to
                         know about. The article was accompanied by an artist’s illustration of
                         a sleek, bizarre-looking craft.
                         Maybe you didn’t read that article. It was published in Aviation
                         Week in December 1958 (“Soviets Flight Testing Nuclear Bomber,”
                         December 1, 1958, p. 27) and referred to the Soviet atomic-powered
                         bomber. Aviation Week (not yet “& Space Technology”) ran both
                         an editorial and an article about the supersecret airplane.
                         The article itself was extremely authoritative sounding: “A nuclear-
                         powered bomber is being flight tested in the Soviet Union. Completed
                         about six months ago, this aircraft has been flying in the Moscow area
                         for at least two months. It has been observed both in flight and on the
                         ground by a wide variety of foreign observers from Communist and
                         non-Communist countries.” The article continued: “The Soviet aircraft
                         is a prototype of a design to perform a military mission as a continuous
                         airborne alert warning system and missile launching platform.”
                         But it turns out that the atomic-powered bomber never existed, and
                         the plane was never “observed both in flight and on the ground by a
                         wide variety of foreign observers.” It was observed by nobody at all,
                         but that did not prevent the magazine from reporting about it.
                         It is worth remembering that when you are reading about Aviation
                         Week and Space Technology’s latest report of a top secret aircraft
                         known as the “Blackstar.” According to three articles that appeared in
                         the March 6 issue of the magazine, “Blackstar” is actually a two-
                         stage-to-orbit system consisting of a large mothership aircraft and a
                         small “transatmospheric vehicle” possibly capable of flying into orbit.
                   File: 2006 03 13_The Space Review_Six blind men in a zoo Aviation Week s mythical Blackstar page 1.pdf
                                                 URL: https://thespacereview.com/article/576/1
      Despite the fact that it is on the cover of a magazine, there is no reason
      to believe that Blackstar exists, at least not in the form that the author
      claims it does.
      Like Fox Mulder of The X-Files, the author wants to believe, even
      when the evidence is lacking. Admittedly, Fox Mulder was actually
      right. But he was also a TV character.

      Manta or myth?
      Many people might instantly assume that this story is credible because
      it appeared in Aviation Week, a publication that has a well-deserved
      reputation for obtaining insider information on aviation and space
      projects. But what they should realize is that Aviation Week also has
      a well-deserved reputation for publishing poorly-researched articles
      about top secret aircraft programs that do not exist, such as the 1958
      claims about a Soviet nuclear-powered bomber. In fact, the same
      author who wrote the Blackstar articles, William Scott, has written
      several previous articles about top secret aircraft that never existed. It
      is his specialty, and he repeats the same pattern in all of them.
      In 1990 Scott wrote an article about so- Despite the fact that it is
      called top secret, or “black,” aircraft     on the cover of a
      developed by the U.S. government in the magazine, there is no
      1980s (“Scientists’ and Engineers’          reason to believe that
      Dreams Taking to Skies as ‘Black’           Blackstar exists, at least
      Aircraft,” December 24, 1990, p. 41). not in the form that the
      Scott speculated that the Air Force had author claims it does.
      developed a hypersonic bomber capable
      of carrying multiple nuclear warheads in vertical ejection racks.
      Sixteen years later, no such plane has ever been declassified, seen, or
      photographed.
      In 1991 Scott was back, this time with an article about a top secret
      stealthy reconnaissance aircraft called the “TR-3 Manta” (“Triangular
      Recon Aircraft May be Supporting F-117A,” June 10, 1991, p. 20).
      He wrote that “about 25–30 of the special reconnaissance aircraft—
      designated the TR-3A Black Manta—could be placed in service
      eventually, based at Holloman AFB, NM, and Tonapah, Nevada.” He
      continued: “Several TR-3As are believed to have been deployed
      temporarily to Alaska, Britain, Panama and Okinawa. More recently,
      they are believed to have supported F-117A operations in the Persian
      Gulf War.”
      Nearly fifteen years have now passed since that article, and no such
      aircraft has entered operational service. No photographs of it have
      been produced, nor has anybody who worked on it stepped forward
      to discuss it, even anonymously. If a stealthy triangular-shaped aircraft
      ever existed, it certainly did not become operational or the government
      would have declassified its existence just as it has for other operational
      aircraft that start out as classified projects. If an aircraft becomes
      operational, sightings of it will increase. But the alleged rash of
      sightings of the “Manta” ended over a decade ago.
      In the case of the “TR-3 Manta” it is easy to speculate what
      happened. At the time, the military was starting a project known as
      “Tier-3” (there was also a “Tier-2,” which became the Global Hawk
      drone). Tier-3 was actually a follow-on project after the cancellation
      of a CIA airplane program to replace the SR-71 known as Quartz.
      Quartz was canceled in 1991 before any prototype was developed
      because it was obscenely expensive (for more, see Jeffrey Richelson’s
      book The Wizards of Langley, pp. 225-226). Tier-3 was then
File: 2006 03 13_The Space Review_Six blind men in a zoo Aviation Week s mythical Blackstar page 1.pdf
                              URL: https://thespacereview.com/article/576/1
      created to be a much smaller stealthy subsonic drone that could fly
      inside denied airspace and loiter over a target. That project also got
      scaled back to become the “Tier-3 Minus,” which ultimately produced
      some real hardware. Lockheed Martin and Boeing built an aircraft
      called the DarkStar, flew it once in early 1996, and then crashed it
      during its second flight. Tier-3 Minus was canceled in favor of less
      stealthy unmanned aerial vehicles like the Global Hawk and the
      Predator.
      Obviously Scott heard part of this story. He misinterpreted “Tier-3” to
      be “TR-3,” which seemed credible because the U-2 spyplane had
      been reborn in the 1970s as the “TR-1” aircraft. But Scott took
      rumors of a stealthy reconnaissance development project and
      speculated wildly, arriving at the conclusion that stealthy spyplanes
      were already in operation, and had even been used over Iraq.
      The Manta story demonstrates a pattern that Scott repeats in all of his
      black airplane stories. Usually there is a small bit of real information
      about a classified aircraft project. Scott then connects alleged sightings
      of an unusual aircraft in flight to this bit of information. Then the article
      is padded out with a large amount of speculation, usually involving
      various studies and research projects conducted by various
      contractors. The characteristics are always the same, however: he
      never quotes anybody by name who has any direct connection to the
      alleged program, and he never even includes anonymous quotes of
      anybody who supposedly knows the big picture about the alleged
      program. All of the anonymous quotes of people who are supposedly
      involved are always clearly low-level worker bees who do not know
      what they are working on.
      These articles also have several other        Many people might
      characteristics. One is that virtually all of instantly assume that this
      the sightings are anonymous. One could story is credible because
      imagine an Air Force officer or a Boeing it appeared in Aviation
      employee being nervous about having           Week. But what they
      their name in print commenting about a should realize is that
      secret airplane. But how come an average Aviation Week also has a
      citizen standing on the ground who            well-deserved reputation
      supposedly spots an unusual airplane does for publishing poorly-
      not want their name in print? Another         researched articles about
      characteristic is a bit of highly specific    top secret aircraft
      detail that has no source whatsoever, such programs that do not
      as measurements, specific dates and           exist.
      times, or tail numbers of airplanes. The
      information is presented as fact, but the reader is required to take it
      entirely on faith. A final common characteristic is that the articles are
      padded out with large amounts of admitted speculation. If you take a
      magic marker and cross out every single paragraph in the articles that
      is admitted speculation, you end up with very few paragraphs that are
      supposedly based upon real information.

      The mothership
      In August 1992 Scott published another article in Aviation Week
      about an aircraft that had reportedly been spotted in Georgia and
      California (“Secret Aircraft Encompasses Qualities of High-Speed
      Launcher for Spacecraft,” August 24, 1992, p. 25). This time he
      speculated that the aircraft carried a spaceplane on its back and
      launched it at Mach 6–8. “This concept, at present, has not been
      confirmed by any U.S. government agency or military service.
      However, aeronautics and space experts agreed the concept has
File: 2006 03 13_The Space Review_Six blind men in a zoo Aviation Week s mythical Blackstar page 1.pdf
                              URL: https://thespacereview.com/article/576/1
      considerable merit, particularly for orbiting payloads essential to
      national security.”
      (A second article accompanied the first [“Recent Sightings of XB-70-
      Like Aircraft Reinforce 1990 Reports From Edwards,” August 24,
      1992, p. 23] and stated that in May of that year a man named Glenn
      Emery spotted an unusual aircraft flying over Atlanta, Georgia, at 5
      p.m. Another unnamed observer spotted a similar aircraft just before
      midnight in the Mojave Desert.)
      The article quickly turned to the subject of the spaceplane and
      included another example of highly specific detail without any sourcing
      information. Scott wrote that a “long, slender aerodynamic shape with
      rounded chines was loaded into an Air Force C-5 transport at
      Lockheed’s Burbank, California ‘Skunk Works’ facility on the night
      of January 6.” The plane reportedly departed Burbank at 11:15 pm
      “and was cleared to Boeing Field near Seattle, Wash.” But despite the
      precision of this sighting, many vital details are missing. Who spotted
      it? Did the reporter speak to that person directly? Nor did Scott
      explain why he believed that “an aerodynamic shape” being loaded
      into a C-5 transport was associated with this program and not
      something else entirely.
      The rest of the article was filled with speculation, such as a long
      discussion about the CIA’s work on the D-21 TAGBOARD drone in
      the 1960s, and the alleged value of microsatellites. Cross out all of the
      speculation in the article and you are left with about two paragraphs,
      and no sources for the information. But it has now been nearly
      fourteen years, and one would presume that in that time, the author
      has been able to amass significant proof that this plane exists. Alas,
      that assumption would be wrong.

      Skeptical reading
      The cover story about the Blackstar in the March 6 issue included
      three articles: a main one (“Spaceplane Shelved?”), one on the small
      spaceplane known as “Speedy,” or the “Experimental Orbital Vehicle”
      or “XOV” (“‘Speedy’ Damaged?”), and another on the carrier aircraft
      designated the “SR-3” (“Echoes of Valhalla”).
      Like many articles about intelligence matters, the articles rely upon
      anonymous sources. Many media outlets like the New York Times
      and the Washington Post have rules for their reporters using such
      sources that generally boil down to: try to convince sources to go on
      the record, use anonymous sources only when they materially
      contribute to the story and there is no other option, obtaining
      corroboration whenever possible. Based upon these three articles in
      Aviation Week, it is clear that that publication does not operate via
      the same rules for anonymous sources.
      Because Aviation Week does not appear to have rules governing the
      use of anonymous sources, the burden falls on the reader to be highly
      discriminating about the evidence. When approaching an article like
      this it is good to keep in mind several questions to ask:
              First, who are the named sources for information? Are they
              credible? Knowledgeable?
              Second, do the anonymous sources sound credible? Is there a
              credible reason for their anonymity? And are the anonymous
              sources quoted, or are they merely paraphrased?
              Third, does the article contain any information that you can
              actually check yourself using other sources?
File: 2006 03 13_The Space Review_Six blind men in a zoo Aviation Week s mythical Blackstar page 1.pdf
                              URL: https://thespacereview.com/article/576/1
              Fourth, is the logic of the article internally consistent? In other
              words, does any part of the article contradict or not fit well with
              other parts of the article?
              And finally, how does the logic of the article hold up? Does it
              make sense in light of what we know about the world?
      One thing that is not mentioned in the        Just as a rash of UFO
      articles is the fact that stories about a top and abduction stories
      secret supersonic “mothership” carrying a follow a popular report in
      smaller aircraft have been around since the media, it is entirely
      the early 1990s. A simple Google search possible that people who
      quickly demonstrates this. There is a         read about strange
      Testor model kit of an “SR-75                 airplanes in the sky
      Penetrator” mothership and its small baby suddenly start seeing
      aircraft. There are 3D models for             strange airplanes in the
      computer flight simulators. And there are sky, even when they are
      numerous websites with information on not there.
      this rumored aircraft. For instance,
      Google the term “Brilliant Buzzard” and you will get a hit to a website
      last updated in 1997 that contains information on this rumored aircraft.
      The fact that all these other sources mention such an aircraft does not
      mean that it exists—two false claims do not equal a positive. But what
      it does mean is that Aviation Week does not have an exclusive story,
      and that it may also be merely repeating lies and legends that have
      been passed around the Internet for over a decade.
      But there is an even greater possibility that people who have read the
      earlier claims are being influenced by them. Just as a rash of UFO and
      abduction stories follow a popular report in the media, it is entirely
      possible that people who read about strange airplanes in the sky
      suddenly start seeing strange airplanes in the sky, even when they are
      not there.
      That fact should inform your questions about the new Aviation Week
      articles—is it possible that Scott is merely repeating stories that have
      been bouncing around, and being embellished, for over a decade,
      without having any solid evidence to support his claims?
                                                              page 2: qualifiers >>


File: 2006 03 13_The Space Review_Six blind men in a zoo Aviation Week s mythical Blackstar page 1.pdf
                              URL: https://thespacereview.com/article/576/1
