{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T09:02:01Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30730, "source_ctime_ns": 1790670542984818635, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20060910-Fwd_-FDA-APPROVES-A-VIRUS-TO-BE-SPRAYED-ON-OUR-FOOD-55828.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790670542971538834, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20060910-Fwd_-FDA-APPROVES-A-VIRUS-TO-BE-SPRAYED-ON-OUR-FOOD-55828.pdf", "source_sha256": "c236246a431a08e046eebdb9dc18dfa7956fcb2e580dc3afb89d8992bbec17d6"}

Bill Cooper, a manipulated "disinformant" of the 90s?


  Subject: Bill Cooper, a manipulated "disinformant" of the 90s?
  From: "Area51watch" <area51watch@aol.com>
  Date: 08/09/2006, 05:13
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

    BILL COOPER, a manipulated "disinformant" of the 90's?
    by Norio Hayakawa                               August 23, 2006
  My association with Milton William "Bill" Cooper goes back to the
  summer of 1989 when I first met him in West Los Angeles and my
  interaction with him went on intermittently throughout the mid 90's.
  The last time I was next to him was when he was in a closed casket at
  his funeral service in Arizona. It was quite an emotional day for me.
  It was on a typical, mild but clear Arizona morning of November 15,
  2001 when a former conspiracy talk radio host and video producer,
  Anthony J. Hilder and myself, both from Los Angeles and another
  conspiracy talk show host from Phoenix arrived at the Community
  Presbyterian Church of a small country town of Springerville, located
  on a high plateau in Eastern Arizona.
  It was around 8:30 a.m. and there was just a sprinkling of people in
  the foyer of the church. We all drove in to this sleepy country town
  with my van to attend the funeral service for the late Bill Cooper who
  was shot to death on November 6, 2001 by Apache County Sheriff deputies
  in a confrontation that took place in front of Bill's home atop a hill
  in the nearby town of Eagar. One deputy was seriously injured in that
  confrontation when Bill fired a round to his head.
  We had expected more attendees to the service which was to start at
  9:00 a.m.
  Soon the closed casket of Bill arrived and was set up in the front in
  the sanctuary. It was not a formal religious service. Before the
  service started, we had a briefing by the officiating person. By the
  time the service started, there were around 85 persons seated in the
  pews. Some of the attendees were from the Midwestern states, some were
  from the East Coast. A few, such as us, were from California. Others
  were from other Southwestern states and the rest were local folks.
  It was a simple, informal service with a prayer in the beginning,
  followed by a short biography of Bill, followed by Eulogies and
  Remembrances by speakers and a final prayer, followed by the
  recessional of the casket from the sanctuary and a car processional to
  the Springerville Town Cemetery a few miles away.
  There were a total of 8 speakers at the service, including Anthony J.
  Hilder and myself. When my turn came, here is what I said from the
  podium:
  "The world will always remember Bill Cooper as an egotistic, paranoia
  monger. Indeed, to many he was perhaps an arrogant, obnoxious,
  choleric, self-aggrandizing, rude, vitriolic and vengeful person.
  Perhaps he was all of this and much more. But no matter how negative
  his personality is described to be, we must admit the fact that he did
  indeed make a tremendous impact among hundreds, if not, thousands of
  his listeners, whether in front of his astounded lecture audiences or
  through his "shocking" radio programs.
  I first met Bill back in 1989 in West L.A. when he was just an unknown
  speaker and where he spoke for the first time at a gathering called
  UFORUM in which I was a frequent attendee. I was quite stunned then
  with his hypothesis on the "Secret Government". It really sounded so
  fresh at that time because unlike most UFO speakers of that time, he
  convincingly injected "UFOs" to a "one-world government" right-wing
  flavored conspiracy theory. I was so impacted by his hypothesis that I
  soon became a volunteer and helped him organize his first successful
  major public appearance that same year, which was held at Hollywood
  High School Auditorium, which was attended by well over 800 people.
  That became the historic launching pad for his national lecture
  circuit. And the rest is history.
  Later, in December of that year, I even attended the controversial
  National MUFON Conference held in Las Vegas in which Bill Cooper was
  perhaps the most controversial speaker aside from John Lear and Bill
  Moore and others.


20060910-Fwd_ FDA APPROVES A VIRUS TO BE SPRAYED ON OUR FOOD-55828.html[12/03/2022 10:17:19]
Bill Cooper, a manipulated "disinformant" of the 90s?

  The Bill Cooper of then was very much into "ufology". Even in 1991,
  when Gary Schultz and I organized the first Ultimate Seminar in Rachel,
  Nevada ( 25 miles north of Area 51 ), we were surprised to see Bill
  Cooper as an attendee. I remember quite well when Gary and I had to
  lead the people to the White Sides hill for a climb to view the base
  (Area 51), Bill Cooper could not make the climb due to his leg and he
  was even cracking up jokes about it. He stayed at the foothill of
  White Sides, without being able to see the facility.
  In 1993 Bill Cooper, Eustace Mullins, Jordan Maxwell, Vladmir Terziski,
  Dr. Robert Strecker, Anthony Hilder and myself, together with a couple
  of other conspiracy speakers were all invited to speak at the First
  International Conference on Global Deception to be held in the famous
  Wembley Arena in London. Because of concerns for security due to the
  controversial nature of the conference, some of us decided not to
  travel to England. Nevertheless, Bill Cooper had the guts to go and
  speak at the conference. I admired him for that.
  By 1993 I had completely abandoned the so-called "extraterrestrial
  hypothesis" of the origins of the UFO phenomena and began to promote
  the hypothesis that the entire UFO phenomena was a brilliantly
  concocted, staged and manipulated man-made deception by elitists to
  bring about certain agendas. From then on, I completely disassociated
  myself with "ufology".
  I was quite surprised to learn that, later on, Bill Cooper also began
  to depart from "ufology" and was also beginning to hypothesize that
  "UFOs" had nothing to do with "aliens" ("there were no conclusive
  phyiscal evidence for such") but was a manipulation of the government
  to bring about fear to create a one-world government. Cooper began to
  admit that he most likely had been shown disinformation by the
  government while he was in military service. On this point, I truly
  commended Cooper for his admission. Cooper began to state that he was
  no longer a "ufologist". It was Cooper who coined the term "ufoology"
  and I also commended him for it. We both totally departed from
  "ufoology". However, Cooper had a tendency to label anyone that didn't
  agree with him as "agents of CIA", etc.
  After moving to Arizona, he shifted his focus to the Patriot Movement
  (the Militia Movement), although in reality he was just a one-man
  militia, simply promoting his view on the Constitutional Republic
  through his radio programs to thousands of listeners. This was
  immediately after the Oklahoma Bombing. I, too, became involved in the
  militia movement. I went to listen to Mark Koernke of the Michigan
  Militia in a large Conspiracy Conference in Palm Springs. I also
  became an acquaintance of Ted Gunderson, former FBI Special
  Agent-in-charge of Los Angeles who also became sympathetic to the
  militia movement. I also began to correspond with the Militia of
  Montana.
  Besides his other numerous negative traits, Bill had an uncontrollable
  alcoholic problem. But despite his eccentric, obnoxious personality,
  deep in his heart I believe that he wanted to be a good person.
  Unfortunately he brought an end to his tumultuous life by his
  self-fulfilling prophecy through his violent act. My heart goes out to
  Annie and the children. (My heart also goes out to the young deputy
  who was seriously injured in that confrontation. Bill will have to
  answer to God for that.) May God forgive and bless the soul of one
  Milton William "Bill" Cooper".
  This is how I ended my "Remembrances" of Bill Cooper at his funeral.
  After the service, we all proceeded in a car processional to the
  cemetery, under the watchful eyes of several patrol cars, County
  Sheriff's vehicles and other governmental agency vehicles. It was just
  before noon that the casket of Bill Cooper was laid to rest at the
  graveside. The casket was then lowered into the ground. It was
  definitely one of the most emotional moments of my 20 years of being
  involved with "conspiratology".

  Do I think that Bill Cooper was an unwitting participant in
  "disiformation"? Yes, I think so.
  I believe that Bill Cooper was slowly drawn into delusional paranoia
  and was manipulated by certain agencies. I cannot comment more on
  this.
  By the time that his now "classic" book, BEHOLD A PALE HORSE, came out
  and began to receive attention, ironically, he had already began to
  disassociate himself with much of what he wrote. BEHOLD A PALE HORSE


20060910-Fwd_ FDA APPROVES A VIRUS TO BE SPRAYED ON OUR FOOD-55828.html[12/03/2022 10:17:19]
Bill Cooper, a manipulated "disinformant" of the 90s?

  was basically a compilation of his past military service history, his
  original speech THE SECRET GOVERNMENT (now out-dated, filled with
  misinformation and disinformation and no longer relevant in many ways),
  some obscure and outdated, unreliable information and articles provided
  by others regarding Area 51 and mixed in with verbatim copying of THE
  PROTOCOLS OF THE LEARNED ELDERS OF ZION, which many researchers had
  always regarded to be a fraud, to begin with.
  No, I do not believe that Bill Cooper was a "paid" disinformant.
  I tend to believe that he was simply drawn into and manipulated into
  being an unwitting participant in this strange world of
  "conspiratology".
  THE CIVILIAN INTELLIGENCE OPERATIONS
  http://www.hometown.aol.com/groom51s4


20060910-Fwd_ FDA APPROVES A VIRUS TO BE SPRAYED ON OUR FOOD-55828.html[12/03/2022 10:17:19]
