{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T02:48:43Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 64611, "source_ctime_ns": 1790390914775205225, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-09-21_The-Guardian_King-of-Kalmykia.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790390914722069838, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-09-21_The-Guardian_King-of-Kalmykia.pdf", "source_sha256": "8fc1c45b944715ce044d37cd38d3d38a0649f768193c73e468005e76169c1a59"}

Skip to main contentSkip to navigationSkip to navigation
Russia
  This article is more than 18 years old

King of Kalmykia
This article is more than 18 years old
Tom Parfitt
Thu 21 Sep 2006 14.14 BST
Share
Life is not all plain sailing for Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, the flamboyant leader of the Russian republic of Kalmykia. For a start, his Rolls-
Royce Silver Spirit II needs constant repairs thanks to the rutted roads of his impoverished fiefdom. And then there is the danger of
alien abduction. He has already been pressganged into one trip on a UFO - in 1997 when he was on a business trip to Moscow.
"They took me from my apartment and we went aboard their ship," he says, sitting in his office in Kalmykia's capital, Elista. "We flew
to some kind of star. They put a spacesuit on me, told me many things and showed me around. They wanted to demonstrate that
UFOs do exist."
And yet Ilyumzhinov could not be happier. On Saturday he will satisfy two of his great passions - self-promotion and chess - when
his republic hosts a tournament to decide the best chess player on earth. The contest between "classical chess" champion Vladimir
Kramnik and World Chess Federation (Fide) No 1 Veselin Topalov will produce an undisputed world champion and end a 13-year
schism in the sport.
Even at the end of an 18-hour working day, the 44-year-old Ilyumzhinov is brimming with enthusiasm for the contest. "This match
will unify the chess world, once and for all," he beams, from his seat beneath a large portrait of Vladimir Lenin. "At last we will have
a single champion."
Since Ilyumzhinov was elected president in 1993, and head of Fide in 1995, he has pinballed all over the world proselytising about
his favourite game and his beloved homeland. "Nobody knew about this place before I became president," says Ilyumzhinov.
"Through Kirsan, people found out about Kalmykia. All the money that comes to Kalmykia to build roads, develop the gas network
- all that was brought here by me."
Development may be too strong a word, however. Wages on state-run farms are as low as 300 roubles (£6) a month, and
Kalmykia - a scrap of achingly bare steppe that borders the Caspian Sea - is one of the poorest regions in Russia. Ilyumzhinov,
meanwhile, has at least three Rolls-Royces and a Hummer, in which he careers around Elista, a small city of crumbling low-rise
apartment blocks marooned on the grasslands. He once campaigned in a 9m-long Lincoln saloon under the slogan "a wealthy
president is a safeguard against corruption".
Kalmykia's murky finances have raised as many eyebrows as his eccentric public statements. Chess City - the $50m complex that he
built on the edge of his sleepy capital - turned out to be a white elephant of Millennium Dome proportions: its foundations are
subsiding and few of its luxury homes are inhabited. The match this week could not be held there because although the complex has
a swimming pool, a hotel and a grocery store, it does not have a hall large enough for a big chess match.
Ilyumzhinov's re-election as head of Fide in June followed a harshly fought campaign that saw opponents accuse him of dragging
chess into disrepute. Nigel Short, the British grandmaster who was in the camp that opposed Ilyumzhinov, warned before the vote
that "either Fide stays a cowboy organisation mired in sleaze and shunned by corporate sponsors, or it becomes a modern,
professional sporting body". Yet Ilyumzhinov's survival suggests that not everyone finds his notoriety off-putting.
It's not just the claims about aliens that grab the headlines. Ilyumzhinov came to power promising every shepherd in Kalmykia a new
mobile phone, and last year offered to pay $1m to move Lenin's mausoleum - and his embalmed body - from Moscow to Elista.
And he says that his victories, in both chess and politics, were foretold by an elderly Bulgarian astrologer called Vanga.
Kalmykia is the only Buddhist region in Europe, populated by 320,000 people who are mostly descendants of the Golden Horde
that never returned home after the Mongol Khans retreated from Russia. On becoming its leader, Ilyumzhinov - who was the
republic's chess champion at 15 - abolished its parliament and installed an authoritarian regime, promising to introduce "economic
dictatorship". Chess was made a compulsory subject in schools; the region now has numerous champions.
He was re-elected as leader of Kalmykia in 1995 and 2002, and re-installed by Russian president Vladimir Putin late last year after
direct elections of regional leaders were abolished.
His globetrotting has brought him an eclectic mix of friends. Gadafy is a chum and Saddam Hussein, with whom he enjoyed
numerous meetings before the US-led invasion of Iraq, struck him as "a normal person, a politician who cheered for his republic and
                                            File: 2006 09 21_The Guardian_King of Kalmykia.pdf
                                         URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2006/sep/21/russia.chess
wanted to do good things for people". At his office in central Elista, there are portraits of other heroes besides Lenin ("His
grandmother was a Kalmyk, and he called us brothers"). Genghis Khan rises above an eagle spreading its wings, and the Dalai
Lama, who visited Elista in 2004, looks on beatifically from a colour photograph. "He is my spiritual guide," says Ilyumzhinov.
Yet chess is his greatest devotion. The game, he says, "has helped raise the image of Kalmykia. This is a small republic. In Soviet
times nothing was built here, no big factories. Now there is a market, investment - we need to attract attention to ourselves." That
attention has not always been approving. In 1998 Larisa Yudina, editor of the opposition newspaper Sovetskaya Kalmykia, was
stabbed to death and her body dumped in a pond on the outskirts of Elista. Two men were caught and convicted of the murder;
both were former government aides.
Last Saturday the president personally escorted the chess players Topalov and Kramnik from Moscow to Elista in a chartered jet.
On arrival, the pair were draped with silk scarves and immediately whisked off for a four-hour tour of Elista's glories, including a visit
to a supermarket. The highlight, however, was a dash around the new $25m Golden Temple, a gilt-edged Buddhist pagoda which at
64 metres (210ft) high is the tallest in Europe.
The tour ended with journalists stampeding around Topalov's apartment at Chess City, where Ilyumzhinov proudly showed off a
mass of plastic-wrapped razors and bars of soap in the grandmaster's bathroom. "Good conditions, yes?" he said, grinning.
Kalmykia's opposition are not laughing, however. They say more than £300,000 of local money has been put into refurbishing the
venue for the Topalov-Kramnik clash. "With that kind of money we could have rebuilt Kalmykia's tuberculosis dispensary, which is
practically in ruins," says Valery Badmayev, who heads a movement calling for Ilyumzhinov's dismissal.
Kalmykia is deeply in debt, partly because the Kremlin encouraged it to operate as a tax haven from 1993 until last year. Thousands
of companies from all over Russia registered in Kalmykia, but contributed little to the local budget. They did, however, pay hefty
fees to an agency whose finances were controlled by Ilyumzhinov.
"It's never been quite clear where the republic's money ends and the president's begins," says Valery Ulyadurov, a journalist from
Sovetskaya Kalmykia. The president insists that his hands are clean, however. "Friends and investors" paid for projects like Chess
City, he says. Tens of millions of his own funds - raised as a dealer in Korean cars before he became president - were also poured
in. "None of it came from the budget."
Ordinary Kalmykians remain split over their president's bona fides. Predictions that oil deposits could be found on the shelf of
Kalmykia's Caspian Sea coast have dangled the carrot of future prosperity. "He's one of a kind," says Dzhangar Kukanov, 32, an
insurance salesman. "Before Kirsan nobody knew about us. Now they respect us and pay attention." Others, like retired taxi driver
Grigory Popravka, 69, are less impressed. "Us pensioners are living on the breadline, while he's building useless great things like
that," he said, pointing at the towering Golden Temple. "And I don't believe it's all done with his own cash."
Ilyumzhinov is rarely troubled by such mundane complaints. His mind is focused on higher matters. In parallel with organising the
chess match he was entertaining a delegation from China as Elista celebrated its 141st birthday.
"Maybe in another 141 years there will be an intergalactic meeting here in Kalmykia," he told his visitors. "And those travellers will
look back at all our efforts to improve life, and feel proud".

Explore more on these topics
      Russia
      Chess
      Europe
Share
Reuse this content

Most viewed
Most viewed
      World
      Europe
      US
      Americas
      Asia
      Australia
                                           File: 2006 09 21_The Guardian_King of Kalmykia.pdf
                                        URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2006/sep/21/russia.chess
      Middle East
      Africa
      Inequality
      Global development
      News
      Opinion
      Sport
      Culture
      Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
      About us
      Help
      Complaints & corrections
      SecureDrop
      Work for us

      Privacy policy
      Cookie policy
      Terms & conditions
      Contact us
      All topics
      All writers
      Modern Slavery Act
      Tax strategy
      Digital newspaper archive
      Facebook
      YouTube
      Instagram
      LinkedIn
      Newsletters
      Advertise with us
      Guardian Labs
      Search jobs
      Patrons
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)


                                          File: 2006 09 21_The Guardian_King of Kalmykia.pdf
                                       URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2006/sep/21/russia.chess
   File: 2006 09 21_The Guardian_King of Kalmykia.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2006/sep/21/russia.chess
   File: 2006 09 21_The Guardian_King of Kalmykia.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2006/sep/21/russia.chess
   File: 2006 09 21_The Guardian_King of Kalmykia.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2006/sep/21/russia.chess
