{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T06:37:42Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 86877, "source_ctime_ns": 1790305390846116623, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-04-12_BBC_Black-Country-Features-Watch-the-Skies.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790305390843258172, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2006-04-12_BBC_Black-Country-Features-Watch-the-Skies.pdf", "source_sha256": "2e72f5d580fd03f486c205aef163b8801c2edbc4b21f72b5d55319a6371297c5"}

Skip to main content
      Access keys help
BBC                                                                                                                     Explore the BBC
              Home                                                                                Search

This page has been archived and is no longer updated.
                             Find out more about page archiving.
 24 September 2014
 BBC Homepage

      BBC Local
      Black Country
      Things to do
      People & Places

           Nature
           History
           Religion &
           Ethics
           Arts and
           Culture
           BBC
           Introducing
      TV & Radio

Local BBC Sites
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Travel

Neighbouring
Sites
      Birmingham
      Hereford &
      Worcs
      Shropshire
      Stoke

Related BBC
Sites
      England


 Contact Us


More features
You are in: Black Country > Features > More features > Watch the Skies
Ten years ago, coinciding with the staggering number of reported UFO sightings in the Black Country area,
several local people formed a group that has evolved into the Midlands’ most respected UFO research
organisation – 'UFORM' (UFO Research Midlands).
Based in Brierley Hill, the group's primary goal is to act as an information outlet for anyone wishing to find
out more about this global phenomenon.


                                       File: 2006 04 12_BBC_Black Country Features Watch the Skies.pdf
                                URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/blackcountry/content/articles/2006/04/12/ufo_feature.shtml
Steve Poole and Yvonne South


Steve Poole and Yvonne South of UFORM
The committee run organisation was founded in 1995, primarily due to the interest and personal UFO
experiences of its chairman Steve Poole:
"I attended a lecture given by astrologer Paul Mayo in 1995 at the Stourbridge Town Hall," he says. "He
touched on UFOs and many of us there were very interested in the subject – I had been since I was a small
boy – and we decided to form our own group.
"I have had numerous experiences involving the unexplained and strange aerial phenomenon over the years,
as had the other founding members, so we all felt well equipped from the start to begin researching the
subject."

Guest Speakers
UFORM holds monthly lectures in Stourbridge where members meet and discuss the latest reported
sightings, their own personal experiences and listen to a range of respected guest speakers.
A 'signature' sighting


(c) Brenda Butler
One such speaker was famed author Timothy Good, universally acknowledged as the UK's leading expert
on the UFO phenomenon, who attended UFORM's 10th anniversary seminar.
"UFORM are a very good research group," said Timothy. "They're thorough and most of them are very
level headed. Steve Poole is a sharp guy."
UFORM also has an extremely active events diary, holding group 'sky-watches' over the summer months
and they operate a 24 hour hotline for anyone to call – anonymously if they like – to report UFO sightings in
the Black Country.
But their main objective is to act as a serious research body, collaborating data and offering detailed and
credible information for anyone interested in this largely unexplored subject.
A typical 'sky-watch.'


A typical 'sky-watch'
"We are a research group and data gathering body primarily," says Steve. "We've now managed to build up
an extensive library of books, videos and audio tapes, and a collection of slides and case files, some of
which go back to the 1950s."
                                      File: 2006 04 12_BBC_Black Country Features Watch the Skies.pdf
                               URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/blackcountry/content/articles/2006/04/12/ufo_feature.shtml
Research and Controversy
Of course, given the controversial nature of the subject matter, inevitably some people will be sceptical, but
even the most cynical of non-believers have to admit that the UFO phenomenon is now accepted as a
genuine component of popular culture.
"Many of us have had our own UFO experiences," says founder member Yvonne South. "But the fact is that
nine out of ten cases of reliable people witnessing something strange can be explained away rationally.
Triangle UFO


Triangle UFO
"But that leaves a huge residual figure of unexplained cases that deserve detailed and objective investigation.
The Black Country is such an active region in terms of sightings and other strange phenomena that cannot be
explained away easily. We act as an outlet for people who want to know more, a place to come and speak
out without fear of ridicule."
If you would like to know more about 'UFORM' or have an interest in UFOs, please visit: www.uform.org.
Timothy Good's new book 'Need to Know: UFO's, The Military, and Intelligence' is published August 3rd
2006 by Sidgwick and Jackson.
last updated: 29/11/07
Have you had a UFO experience? Tell us about it here!


Your name:                                Your comment:                                    Send

The BBC reserves the right to edit comments submitted.
Denice beck
my first sighting was 2006 over hucknall town on chrismas eve there was 2 large balls of bright light , at first i
thought it was a hellicopter, but there was no sound , the other 3 were alot smaller ,and it looked as if thay
were playing,in the sky, so fast back and forth like teasing the bigger balls of light, second time i sighted them
was my daughter ,she told me she could see these balls of realy bright light, playing again ,i was in the houes
and she just started shouting me mum mum look at the lights in the sky, hucknall this was in 2007, my 3rd
time, i was with my partner in Ripley we had just been for a meal, as we left i glanced up and there was
three of these bright burning lights in the sky , i was so excited i told my partner to pull over so he could have
a look himself,, he could not beleave his eyes, there so bright and low ,so now i dont think im going mad as
my daughter and my partner have seen with there own eyes.
gazza
well no i think these UFORM Nutcases want a life.and a proper Job-
Aine Kelly
I was driving to the local supermarket when I glanced a most unusual aircraft. It was like nothing I had ever
seen before. It was egg shaped and gun metal grey it flew in a semi circle over some rough ground and just
seemed to disappear mid flight. I have never stopped looking for sightings of similar since but have never
seen anything again. This was bizarre to say the least. from the side view of it I had there were no windows
or cockpit or lights or anything else visible. Just a metallic grey egg shape.
Claymore
                                       File: 2006 04 12_BBC_Black Country Features Watch the Skies.pdf
                                URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/blackcountry/content/articles/2006/04/12/ufo_feature.shtml
I have seen the black triangle twice now! the first time was back in 1997 and again last night! I was walking
my dog and there it was large as life it flew right across my path and i got to view it side on then from the
rear. My Girlfriend was there too and was quite amazed by seeing it. I do not believe it was of alien origin as
im sure the "little green men" dont feel the need to fit anti colision strobe lights onto their craft!! The noise it
made remended me very much of the suppressed engine sounds of a stealht fighter. I believe it is the next
generation of stealth technology either being used secretly of under testing.
thomas romcoe.sr
back in 1959,a small orange dics from the north to south,about the size of a baseball.the radio had lots of
calls W.L.U.S. OR it was W.JJ.D RADIO i seen it much later when i was walking home it was very low at
about 900ft from the bulidings, this time it,was going back from the south,to the north it was .as big as the
moon. but very orange. i seen this. in chicago, when i saw,the big one it was ten oclock at night in augest. tr.
Peter
I've had 3 ufo experiences stretching over 15 years. They're out there,and they're down here. Bring on the
GFL on the 14th. Or will they bottle it once again.
kevin
I thing within the next year or so , UFO will be disclosed to the public, something is going on, maybe
nibiru????
Jeff
I was in the 5th grade or so, the transmission in our Old Pontiac only had 1st gear, we were traveling at night
through desert, S/Calif. . At night to avoid heat. I was sleeping in back of car, woke up and this huge UFO,
saucer, white and bright right in front of car. Then it immediately flew off, so fast, milliseconds jerking from
one side of sky to the other. Woah, "Mom, Dad, look at that…” they were frozen in their seats, the feeling
was intense and strange, they didn’t turn around but said in odd voices to go back to sleep. I was excited,
yeah right I’d go back to sleep. They weren’t talking. It was scary weird….We arrived at a gas station… I
just remembered, my Dad made a phone call, who was he calling? They were acting really weird and when I
asked what was going on my Dad said some bull about the woman at the gas station being crazy or
something, but I knew that wasn’t it. After that trip I started being very psychic…Many years later I asked
my Dad…remember the time in the desert when we saw the UFO. My mild mannered Dad grabbed me
very violently and dragged me outside..I was a grown man now..he pulled up his shirt and showed me a
scar, half moon next to his navel, he said that was not there b4 that night and never say another word about
it, especially around my Mom. No problem, none of us ever talked, our family did not do that. Well another
thing started happening after that encounter. I became Joe Scientist… doing all kinds of experiments, right
away I started doing this thing I called "zoning out". Where this voice (with a German accent) would tell me
stuff to do. This is where it gets really strange. I just recently found out, offhandedly that my parents were in
the "intelligence" community. Not like intelligent, but like CIA, but not that. As far as I knew my Dad
worked at NASA, and Mom at Lockheed in Mtn. View CA. For the Air Force. This may or may not be
pertinent, I don’t know, but this is really odd. So when I was maybe 8th grade I had a lab built behind the
house.. Here I was doing experiments based on what "The German" WAS TELLING ME ..Here is the part
I just recently realized is very strange… My equipment and the plant I was using in my experiments came
from NASA. What was going on as far as I knew was that they were sending home equipment w/ my Dad
that was broken, the German would show me how to fix it and this I did in trade for equipment I needed…
some I don’t know if was even legal for me to have w/out certain licenses, but there it was. Also every
month I got "science club kits" in the mail, other stuff I needed. Now I ask you, how reasonable is this that a
junior high kid is fixing NASA equipment in trade 4 high-end scientific equipment. Oscilloscopes, RF
Frequency generators, etc. Strange Huh. Well I had really no idea what I was making, but as it took form I
came to believe it was a burglar alarm that used a plant as a sentry because what I had created was a
machine that allowed a plant ( a plant I’ve never seen since, and I’m all about plants..it came from NASA,
was very sensitive, but not Mimosa., almost like a bamboo. Anyway the plant could read my mind and
would respond w/ a wailing sound when I would think, "I’m going to burn your leaves!" Remember I was a
boy, boys do things like that. As the experiment progressed the plant would go off every time I came within
30 feet, so I thought, burglar alarm. Well one day I was finished and went to get my Dad to show him. My
Mom would not come, she was very afraid of me I think, I was not really there in the usual sense most of the
time because I was "zoning out" as I called it to channel what I was working on. So I went to get my Dad,
My lab was out back, when I stepped off the porch the Plant would wail…my alarm, so I stayed on the
porch and told Dad to walk over there so he could see it in action. Nothing happened until he almost
touched the plant.. Then I stepped off the porch and it went off. I made adjustments so I could do the leaf
burn threat demonstration..He got real quiet and walked back in the house. And I became invisible to my
par
                                       File: 2006 04 12_BBC_Black Country Features Watch the Skies.pdf
                                URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/blackcountry/content/articles/2006/04/12/ufo_feature.shtml
Gary
a few months ago near our Space Center a UFO as the one shown here triangular hovered near for almost
20 minutes directly over 1-10 west near the Stennis Space Center,its lights were seen by local police
patrolling the Stennis buffer zone. October 16, my wife and witnessed one emerge from the gulf near a
casino on the beach hovered 1/10 of a mile away,about a 100 ft over the water, 15 minutes then gone with a
stream of vapor n fireworks
Brent Wilson
Wednesday, March 26, 2008 It was about 8:25 in the PM. Not a cloud in the sky. It was very bright,
brighter than any of the stars at that time, as bright as any star or planet I've ever seen. It was at pretty high
altitude, I'd guess at least 10,000 ft & moving slowly, about the speed of a slow moving commercial jet. But
it was a warm white light, like a star, with no red beacon light & no flashing strobe like a normal airplane.
Also, it was heading south to north, which I never see airplanes go in the skies here. Also, airplanes heading
away from you do not look like bright stars. After it went out of sight an airplane crossed its path at a similar
altitude, which was a great reference because you could clearly see that the lights were totally different, as
well as the UFO was going much slower. Also, the UFO made a couple of abrupt turns, about 20-30
degrees each, in a way that airplanes & helicopters can't. It also seemed to slow down almost to a stop at
one point, then sped up again. It also went from very, very bright to extremely dim, almost out, then back to
very, very bright. And there is not a cloud in the sky. It also didn't make a sound, which is not unusual, but
several planes flew over within a few minutes & 2 out of 3 were easily heard. And it was very, very quiet out
here. One other thing, is that it sometimes it seemed to leave a small brief trail of smoke or vapor behind it,
but I thought that was maybe a trick of my eyes. But then I watched that plane fly through the same area a
couple of minutes later & it didn't do that. As you know, I've watched the skies extremely carefully for about
20 years, I can tell the difference between a plane, a helicopter, a balloon, a shooting star, a satellite,
weather, etc. This didn't fit into any of the normal categories. I'm not saying this was aliens, but it was
unidentified, flying, & an object, hence the term UFO.
jose r hernandez
To whom it may concern,it is obvious that if some of the small probes i have seing a couple of times are not
made by the mayor military industrial nations of planet earth ,then it is safe to assume that those things belong
to someone else ,in the Dominican Republic they step up the observation mission,as well world wide,God
help us.
Les
1995 June approx time 00:30 Am..Sky was clear all but 1 or 2 clouds...Was on my way back to Walsall
from Scotland got to Carlisle and saw 2 lights in cloud then I saw another 3 or 4 join them they where
darting about in the cloud at a speed which was uncomprehensable they were so fast it was unreal this went
on for about 10 minutes.. then they took off at incredible speed I was not alone when this happened I was a
drivers mate in a truck we where both gobsmacked at what we had seen
Lee - Stevenage
In late summer 2006 I was standing in my uncles garden...it was around 7:00pm clear and bright, the sun
was fairly low. From over the top of my uncles house in Stevenage we spotted a bright silvery ball, followed
by another 8 or 9 identical objects. It is hard to describe the altitude but we guessed around 1000-1500ft.
The objects were moving slowly and steadily. They were in no uniform order but instead a random flying
pattern. My uncle rushed in and grabbed some binoculars. We both had plenty of time to have a look.
Stangely enough neither of us could focus on the objects, it was as if there was vasaline smeared on the
lense or as though there were a heat haze being generated. What we both noticed was that they were globe
shaped with a hazy orange/red glow at the bottom. The objects continued towards the A1m motorway
moving westward. As they approached a certain point in the sky they started to blip out as thought the light
conditions made them visable but in actual reality they should have been transparant.I have never seen
anything like this before and I must admit it took a while to get over. We still talk about it every so often.
Bally
1st July 2008, 10:30 PM, i saw a round looking object with lots of lights (too many for a plane or
helicopter, and too big for a plane or helicopter) falling slowly down over the dudley area, then disappeared
behind bushes (i was at a low level). anybody else see anythin like this?
john philipson
while on holiday in barcelona spain i noticed a white object travelling through the sky at great speed. i
pointed this out to my son whom was near me.by the time he focussed on the sky a second object was
                                       File: 2006 04 12_BBC_Black Country Features Watch the Skies.pdf
                                URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/blackcountry/content/articles/2006/04/12/ufo_feature.shtml
following the first.in front of our eyes the second one did an imediate right hand turn at what could only be
described as supersonic speed.at just this time an airliner was passing high in the sky in the same area as the
mystery objects.the airliner was going at only a small fraction of the speed that the objects were travelling. i
wondered if they could have been shooting stars however do shooting stars make 90degree imediate turns
at unbelievable speeds.
observer
everything is real in the multiverse, we fool ourselves to think we are basic when we are far from it! we all
have the power and the abilities we are speculating about, take your freedom, your life in your own hands,
heal, fly, dream people, its all true x
yvone
Yes have seen quite a few, they are drones, my husband saw one diamond shape, which is used by the
government. Some are spinning very fast. And they shoot a cross the sky if a proaching aircraft comes too
close. They just disappear. They are to the eye like flying saucers. But they are used for spying the police
have them, what was detailed on BBC news a while ago, or they use models.
jack & andy
we saw about 15 bright lights go across and up about 5 mins ago they all went slow and look wierd it
scared us also 1 light turned off and it looked like a disc scared us!!!
whodoodit
I have not seen a UFO, but I think that they have a no contact policy. They also realise that if they crash
here "they are toast." there is a sign in outerspace that says "this way to the zoo (Earth)" "don't feed the
animals."
Steve Poole - Chairman UFORM
Undermining National Security! Surely then the military should endevour to do their testing in less populated
areas! Do not show off what you do not wish to talk about in public!
the voice in your head says:
xxxxxxx, its not military. some how i think that the top scientists and most powerful people arnt going to fly
ufo's around with no reason... think about roswell, is in the middle on no where, so they can fly around.
xxxxxxx
YOU COULD BE UNDERMINING NATIONAL SECURITY,BY DRAWING ATTENTION TO
MILITARY TECHNOLOGY. Civill Servant
Sighting in Surry Hills, Sydney
Tonight (April 19 2006), around 9pm I was out on our deck at home and looked into the cloud covered sky
to see a light darting rapidly and haphazardly around the clouds. It wasn't lightening within the clouds, but a
unstructured light flickering through and around the clouds. Like a shadow of bright light visible when hitting
and reflecting off the clouds. It lasted for at least an hour, before all of the heavy cloud cover finally
dispersed. I've never seen anything like it before.

SEE ALSO
      More features
      Features
You are in: Black Country > Features > More features > Watch the Skies
HomeEmailPrintTopSite Contents

See Also
      More features
      Features

On the rest of the web
      UFO Research Midlands
                                      File: 2006 04 12_BBC_Black Country Features Watch the Skies.pdf
                               URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/blackcountry/content/articles/2006/04/12/ufo_feature.shtml
      Timothy Good site
      UFO Data
      UFO abduction site
The BBC is not responsible for the content of external websites

Music
Crowd at a gig


      Gig guide
      Introducing... Dominic Malin
Nature links


Nature in the Black Country
BBC Black Country Website, The Mailbox, 102-108 Wharfside Street, Birmingham, B1 1AY
phone: 0121 567 6041 | e-mail: blackcountry@bbc.co.uk
                                                    About the BBC | Help | Terms of Use | Privacy & Cookies Policy


                                     File: 2006 04 12_BBC_Black Country Features Watch the Skies.pdf
                              URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/blackcountry/content/articles/2006/04/12/ufo_feature.shtml
