{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T11:37:40Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 68632, "source_ctime_ns": 1790329456452023397, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-03-22_New-Scientist_France-opens-up-its-UFO-files.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790329456449055319, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-03-22_New-Scientist_France-opens-up-its-UFO-files.pdf", "source_sha256": "86a1d29f18eeafceea2efd615bf3d9b849f03bcf7c09fc5baa8c231851ab4611"}

50p a week
France became the first country to open its files on UFOs on Thursday when the national space agency unveiled a website
documenting more than 1600 sightings spanning five decades.
The online archives, which will be updated as new cases are reported, catalogues in minute detail cases ranging from the easily
dismissed to a handful that continue to perplex even hard-nosed scientists.
“It is a world first,” says Jacques Patenet, the aeronautical engineer who heads the office for the study of “non-identified aerospatial
phenomena.”
Known as OVNIs in French, UFOs have always generated intense interest along with countless conspiracy theories about secretive
government cover-ups of findings deemed too sensitive or alarming for public consumption.
“Cases such as the lady who reported seeing an object that looked like a flying roll of toilet paper” are clearly not worth
investigating, says Patenet.
But many others involving multiple sightings – in at least one case involving thousands of people across France – and evidence such
as burn marks and radar trackings showing flight patterns or accelerations that defy the laws of physics are taken very seriously.

No explanation
A phalanx of beefy security guards formed a barrier in front of the space agency (CNES) headquarters where the announcement
was made, “to screen out uninvited UFOlogists,” an official explained.
Of the 1600 cases registered since 1954, nearly 25% are classified as “type D”, meaning that “despite good or very good data and
credible witnesses, we are confronted with something we can’t explain”, Patenet says.
On 8 January 1981 outside the town of Trans-en-Provence in southern France, for example, a man working in a field reported
hearing a strange whistling sound and seeing a saucer-like object about 2.5 metres in diameter land in his field about 50 metres
away.
“It stayed for a few seconds then took off into the blue yonder without making a sound,” says Patenet. When the GEIPAN team
went to investigate they found burn marks in the soil suggesting that the object weighed a couple of hundred kilograms. “I have never
been able to understand or explain that incident,” says Patenet.

Flashing lights
The nearly 1000 witnesses who said they saw flashing lights in the sky on 5 November 1990, by contrast, had simply seen a rocket
fragment falling back into Earth’s atmosphere.
“We do not have the least proof that extra-terrestrials are behind the unexplained phenomena,” says Patenet, adding: “Nor do we
have the least proof that they aren’t.”
The online database should help scientists interested in studying the mysterious observations, he told New Scientist: “We also want
to send a message to more scientists, inviting them to help us analyse these phenomena, when otherwise they might feel uneasy about
these issues.”
The CNES fields between 50 and 100 UFO reports ever year, usually written up by police. Of these, 10% are the object of on-site
investigations, Patenet says.
Other countries, notably Britain and the US, collect data more or less systematically about unidentified flying objects. In the US,
information can be requested on a case-by-case basis under the Freedom of Information Act.
“But we decided to do it the other way around and made everything available to the public,” Patenet says.
The aim was to make it easier for scientists and other UFO buffs to access the data for research. The website itself – which crashed
host servers hours after it was unveiled due to heavy traffic – is extremely well organised and complete, even including scanned
copies of police reports.


                                       File: 2007 03 22_New Scientist_France opens up its UFO files.pdf
                                  URL: https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn11443-france-opens-up-its-ufo-files/
Receive a weekly dose of discovery in your inbox! We'll also keep you up to date with New Scientist events and special offers.
Sign up

More from New Scientist
Explore the latest news, articles and features

Environment

Global treaty is failing to curb ultra-potent greenhouse gas emissions
News
Subscriber-only

Humans

Climate change may have killed ancient 'hobbit' hominins
News
Subscriber-only

Health

US teens are using less of every substance – except for one
News
Subscriber-only

Technology

Glowing biological quantum sensor could track how cells form
News
Subscriber-only

1

The best sci-fi TV shows of all time, according to New Scientist

2

The best science fiction movies to look forward to in 2025

3

Physicists bend atoms in ‘impossible’ experiment

4

Why becoming the right kind of optimist can transform your health

5

This mathematical trick lets you work out the weekday of any date

                                      File: 2007 03 22_New Scientist_France opens up its UFO files.pdf
                                 URL: https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn11443-france-opens-up-its-ufo-files/
6

How DNA in dirt is reshaping our understanding of Stone Age humans

7

When is the best time to exercise to get the most from your workout?

8

Can we use quantum computers to test a radical consciousness theory?

9

Why do Ozempic and Wegovy seem to treat everything?

10

Why slow running could be even more beneficial than running fast
Download the app

Find us on social media

        Instagram
        Facebook
        X / Twitter
        Tiktok
        LinkedIn
        WhatsApp

Subscriptions

        Subscriber benefits
        Gift
        Student & graduate
        Educational
        Corporate

Support

        Contact us
        Help
        About us
        Press room
        Advertise
        Write for us

Tools

        Events
        Science Jobs
        CoLab
        Syndication
        RSS feeds

Legal and privacy

        Complaint policy
        Privacy policy
                                     File: 2007 03 22_New Scientist_France opens up its UFO files.pdf
                                URL: https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn11443-france-opens-up-its-ufo-files/
      Cookie policy
      Terms & conditions
       Manage consent preferences

© Copyright New Scientist Ltd.

 Back to the top


                                  File: 2007 03 22_New Scientist_France opens up its UFO files.pdf
                             URL: https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn11443-france-opens-up-its-ufo-files/
