{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:44:39Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29010, "source_ctime_ns": 1790677759499642548, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20070430-Elected.-56325.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790677759468928816, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20070430-Elected.-56325.pdf", "source_sha256": "bc8bcb6d7e22c3248e9b7a8b7fe036a06b61e75d5176a497b90907f27a658c7c"}

Ants.


  Subject: Ants.
  From: "john f winston" <johnfwin@mlode.com>
  Date: 30/04/2007, 05:39
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Play The Blue Danube.                                  April 29, 2007.
        Here they make the suggestion that we play a certain song.
  ...........................................................................
  ...........................................................................
    For the next two weeks of time, Kay will be on vacation, resting and
  gaining strength and will return to chan-eling the first week of April.
  So I will take my leave for now. Continue to send in your questions and
  together we shall seek and find answers. We bid thee farewell for now;
  continue your search; do not rest upon your laurels, because there's
  always more. Be at peace and know that you are greatly loved.
    Until next time, be at peace.
    Lady Kadjina Speaks
    March 10, 2001
    Wayne: According to research by Chinese archaeologists, in 1938 there
  were found several hundred stone disks that are like grooved records and
  tell a story of small, yellow-skinned thin beings from space that
  crashed approximately 12,000 years ago in the Baian-Kara-Ula Mountains
  of the Himalayas.
    Near the disks have been found several skeletons that match the
  description from the disks. The visitors have been called the Dropas
  and the stones are called Dropa Stones.
    http://users.ev1.net/~w5www/dropa.html
    Recently, there have been photographs of a large object, both from
  Space Shuttle STS-75 and also by a person near Amarillo, Texas . The
  object appears to have the same characteristics of the Dropa Stones, but
  is much larger. Can you tell us what the object is that has recently
  been photographed, and is there any relation between it and the Dropa
  Stones?
    Good Morning, this is Tawatnaw. Since we have a good filtering system
  set up with Kay, she does not react so strongly and I feel more
  comfortable in coming more often. I'm sitting here thinking of an
  adjective that I can use to describe what I am feeling this morning.
    The closest word I can describe is gleeful; even more than joyful.
    Wayne: It's good to hear from you again. You need to slow down a bit,
  however, so I can keep my typing in synch with your information.
    Where I live there is instantaneous transfer of thought or spoken word
  into written form. So this is a reminder to slow down and wait for you
  at the keyboard.
    The reason I am so gleeful is this that you ask about is like
  uncovering a wondrous new method of communication. The small disks upon
  the earth were left behind and they are indeed a history of a people
  visitors from space but many of these stayed and rein-arnated. This
  has happened with many space beings the Martians, the Venusians, many
  from the Pleiades who are now in-arnate upon the Earth, and also from
  Alpha Centauri those from spi-itual science come from Alpha Centauri.
  And this object in space that you refer to here can be maneuvered by
  intelligent beings and it contains within it reactivation frequencies
  to reactivate both the energy of the Earth disks and the beings to
  whom they originally belonged. These beings have a specialized field
  of scientific knowledge that can greatly assist in the balancing of
  earth polarities.
    You will recall that we have mentioned several times that Planet
  Earth is to become known throughout the entire galaxy as the great hub
  of communication. If you take the time to look around at just the most
  recent discoveries the cellular structures in Oklahoma; the intensity
  of information coming forth from the Grand Canyon; the domes and
  etheric pyramids over the Bimini area; the objects around the Sun;
  all of the information coming forth from the pyramids and the inner
  cities; and all of the remote viewing all of this has to do with
  communication.
    It has been known right along that Planet Earth is to be the great
  communicator. More than that, she will be like a networker with many
  others in the gathering and exchanging of information. In a sense,
  this is what Kay is becoming known for. She is one who is driven to
  gather information and give it forth and bring people and groups
  together to communicate. For those familiar with the cosmic cube,


20070430-Elected.-56325.html[12/03/2022 10:18:53]
Ants.

  this device clearly has named her the communicator. And because she
  has this type of intensity within her this is her energy is the very
  reason that we can use her as a ch-nnel for the purposes of
  communication. And this is why we are able to give such clarity of
  information on a wide range of forms of communication that are on
  the planet at this time. And I would say that the discoveries of the
  communication devices has only just begun.
    Now, it is important to understand the functionality of these
  different devices. While they may appear to be physically 3rd
  dimensional, the energetics are 4th and 5th dimensional, so that
  when these devices are reactivated, they will be able to bring under
  control certain energies that are being released and might be
  released by the different gov-rnments of the world as go-ernment
  leaders become alarmed when they begin to lose the control of their
  peoples.
    Another thing that is going to alarm them will be space events, as
  we make ourselves known more and more.
    I would say at this point that there are many of us with the
  ability to take on physical form if ever there should be such a
  requirement.
    Many of us can come and go at will. Being that we are not 3rd
  dimensional in any way, when we come to Planet Earth, there is
  nothing 3rd dimensionally that can any way do us harm. I speak to
  you in this particular way so that each of you will understand the
  levels of help that you are receiving.
    There are yet to be chaotic times ahead. It will appear as if the
  peoples of the planet have gone insane. Just remember that there is
  a great orchestration of events going on. And those upon the Earth
  that have the deep need to control every one and every thing are
  going to f-ght hard to maintain their control.
    Also keep in mind that they are acting pretty much on their own;
  they are unsupported now by many of the dark energies that have
  sustained them for so long. And many of the plans that these
  controlling beings come up with are going to become as nothing. They
  will not be fulfilled. Many of the earth beings have been very much
  like puppets on a string, The puppeteers being these great dark
  energies that have now been removed from the realms of Earth. Those
  in control are being given the opportunity to make final choices,
  turn to the light, or go their own way. Some of them have turned to
  the light. In South Africa you have Mandela and DeClerk who have
  been enemies and who are now working for the good of their peoples.
  Some of your Mideastern leaders are saying, Enough! but they are
  not able to control their peoples. This was very much the same case
  with Presi-ent Roo-evelt of the U-ited States, who cried out to
  Kay/s father, I can no longer control the people; they are crying
  W-r. There is the very real power behind consensus of mind.
    So, when people being to cry peace, they begin to create a
    consensus of mind directed towards peace.
    Now, when all of these devices are fully reactivated and this
  will be by the year 2003 (JW This information was generated in
  the year 2001.), frequency will go out and begin to hit upon
  certain cellular structuring within hostile humans such that if
  there be within that human any spark of light which is by nature
  peace-loving, which is by nature forgiving, or which is by nature
  of unity, those energetics within that human will be amplified and
  begin to reverberate within that human and many will begin to say,
  Enough! To those of you who live in -ar-torn areas, if it is
  possible for you to find the music of the Blue Danube or any of
  the Viennese Waltzes, but most especially the Blue Danube, and
  you begin to play that music within your homes, fi-hting cannot
  go on when that music is being played. If you would play it
  yourselves those that know how on your keyboards, your harmonicas, your
  violins, you can play it very softly so as not to intrude, yet those
  around and about will receive the vibrations. It is known that when
  it is time to go to wa-, you play m-litant, marching types of music
  to p-ych the soldier up so that he will be able to k-ll. The Blue
  Danube is exactly the opposite. And this piece of music can change
  within it powerful cellular levels of communication. And communication
  is what we are talking about here. This music, if it were played in
  the Grand Canyon, would begin to reactivate information and assist it
  in coming forth. Those of you who are raising Indigo Children, and
  these children present difficulties to the parents, and you feel you
  want to pull your hair out, play this piece of music.
  John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20070430-Elected.-56325.html[12/03/2022 10:18:53]
