{"created_utc": "2026-09-09T04:04:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 196216, "source_ctime_ns": 1788582388218763289, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-07-07_Eurogamer-net_SimCity.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788582388212191338, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-07-07_Eurogamer-net_SimCity.pdf", "source_sha256": "cbc3c2c431b49f37ad8689f3a0ac03cec2676981dabfb572eb6b76b2368bf145"}

If you click on a link and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. Read our editorial policy.
Page 1 of 2                    We'd like to show you notifications for Eurogamer.net latest
Next page
                                news and updates.
I've just been told I need to poke Santa Claus. As I ready my stylus and wait for jolly old Saint Nick to appear on screen so that the
violent poking may begin, I find myselfNews
                                        wondering "Is this really what SimCity is about?"
I mean, let's not try and paint the 1989 original as some humourless grump of a game. For all its strategic muscle, it was also a game
that fully understood most people would   approach its urban toybox in the same way that a child approaches their building blocks.
                                       Feature
Fun to build up, even more fun to knock down. Hence the presence of outlandish natural disasters and UFO attacks.
And yet...poking Father Christmas forHardware
                                          cash prizes? Really? The flagrant Santa abuse is just one of several "action events" sprinkled
through this handheld variation on Will Wright's original recipe, and I just can't shake the suspicion that someone looked at SimCity
and decided that in order to appeal toReviews
                                         the fabled Touch Generations it would require a hefty injection of over-the-top whimsy. Thus
you find yourself setting off fireworks displays, blowing out fires and tapping away on giant apes to repel monster attacks. Are these
moments of silliness really such a terrible deviation from the mood-lightening moments of old? Probably not, yet their implementation
                                         Deals
here still feels intrusive and gimmicky, an unwelcome distraction rather a refreshing change of pace.
                                       Editors Choice


                                                                   Cancel             Save preferences


      The Save A City challenges don’t let you alter the budget, making their tight time limits and stiff goals a real pain.
At least these silly mini-games can be switched off, which is more than can be said for the slightly alarming proliferation of other
quirks which conspire to make SimCity's DS debut a merely tolerable outing rather than an essential purchase.
Take, for example, the constant pestering from your citizens. Barely thirty seconds goes by without your on-screen advisor
chirruping away, all exclamation marks and incessant beeping. Tap on them and you'll be told there's someone in your office, and
would you like to talk to them? As the cast of Grange Hill so sagely suggested, just say NO. Trust me on this. It'll just be one of a
small handful of irritating cartoon characters, and they'll take up your time with the same long-winded "comedy" conversations that
leave you impatiently tapping the screen to skip to the part where they say they'd like a marina. Best to just ignore them. If you
respond to every single one, you'll soon notice that even when you build their damn marina, they'll inevitably be back in a few
minutes, with the exact same conversation, asking for...a marina. There is one upside to this constant interruption - you get to sign off
each request with the stylus, meaning you can amuse yourself by sealing important civic documents with a crude doodle of a willy.
Or maybe some hilarious boobies. Such larks.


                                                File: 2007 07 07_Eurogamer net_SimCity.pdf
                                               URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/simcity-review-1
       The RCI scale at the bottom shows you which zones are in demand, and what percentage of your zones are being
       used.
The game is full of moments like this, moments that seem cute the first few times but repeat so often, and with so little variation, that
the shallow nature of the conversion is revealed sooner rather than later. The actual city building is much as it always was, though
obviously simplified for handheld play, but once your city is spreading and thriving it's all too easy to run out of things to do.
Plumbing is now just a case of placing water towers rather than pipe networks. Electricity automatically crosses roads and
incomplete zones, so it's entirely possible to fill a quarter of the sizeable game area without ever using power lines. Taxation and
funding options are tucked away deep inside the information sheets, where you only need to venture if you've opted for one of the
hardcore maps that start you off with just ten thousand simoleons. The emphasis is instead on balancing out the three types of zone -
industrial, commercial and residential - and the use of status-changing civic buildings to keep Sim moods high, or crime and disasters
low. In this slimmed down DS version it's more of a puzzle game than anything - build as many yellow zones as you can, but keep
them away from red zones. Repeat until rich.

Yes, if I've not played anything from that franchise before

Yes, if I've not played anything from that developer before

Yes, always
Sometimes

No, I prefer the surprise
No, I use other metrics

No
Page 1 of 2
Next page


Dan Whitehead: Dan has been writing for Eurogamer since 2006 and specialises in RPGs, shooters and games for children. His
bestest game ever is Julian Gollop's Chaos.
Find out how we conduct our reviews by reading our review policy.
In this article


                                                File: 2007 07 07_Eurogamer net_SimCity.pdf
                                               URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/simcity-review-1
SimCity
iOS, Nintendo DS

      Follow
Related topics
Nintendo DS
Eurogamer is better when you sign in
Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more!
Sign in with Google Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Reddit
Sign in with email


Latest On SimCity


Interview | The Will Wright Stuff


EA bundles five SimCity games together

                                              File: 2007 07 07_Eurogamer net_SimCity.pdf
                                             URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/simcity-review-1
SimCity DS 2 revealed


SimCity for DS


Review | Sim City 4


Review | Sim City 4: Rush Hour


Sim City built for DS


Latest News
                                  File: 2007 07 07_Eurogamer net_SimCity.pdf
                                 URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/simcity-review-1
      Pokémon Go's monthly Community Day ticket doubles in price
      Atari's striking new Gamestation Go handheld features some really unusual hardware features
      Helldivers reveals Star Fox-style game concept, as it invites ideas for next project
      Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 players lament "battle passes in between battle passes" with Squid Game event
      The Rise of the Golden Idol designer reveals next game, and it's already got the Idol creators' seal of approval
      Apple Vision Pro £3500 headset reportedly no longer in production, as stock piles up
      Marvel Rivals' Season 1 heroes teased
Latest Reviews
      Marvel Rivals review - snackable team brawler lacks attention to the little details
      Audeze MM-500 review: planar magnetic comes at a premium
      Sihoo Doro S300 review: A space-age office chair
      Sonic the Hedgehog 3 film review - a fitting finale for the Year of Shadow
      Cambridge Audio Melomania P100 review: A genuine disruptor
      Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp Complete review - ditching the microtransactions for a more forgiving experience
      Mythwrecked: Ambrosia Island review - a repetitive if inoffensive offering of the gods
Top Discussions
      What we've been playing - Loot fountains, Indy delights, and layers of game trifle
      123
      Notch has "basically announced" Minecraft 2
      38
      Naughty Dog was sold to Sony because the "stress of ballooning budgets was enormous" says co-founder
      34
      Mass Effect fans think this official image hints that Paragon/Renegade system is "absolutely returning"
      20
      Elden Ring Nightreign has removed one of Elden Ring's most iconic features
      9


Eurogamer.net is owned by Gamer Network Limited, an IGN Entertainment company and subsidiary of Ziff Davis. © 2025 Gamer
Network Limited, 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. Company number 03882481. All rights reserved.
No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission.
      Helpful Links
      About Us
      Advertise with us
      Archive
      Authors
      Contact Us
      Corporate Site
      Interactive Maps
       Manage push notifications
      Newsletters
      RSS Feeds
      Policies

      Code of Conduct
      Cookie Policy
      Do Not Sell My Personal Information
      Editorial Policy
      Privacy Policy
      Review Policy
                                              File: 2007 07 07_Eurogamer net_SimCity.pdf
                                             URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/simcity-review-1
Terms & Conditions
Gamer Network
Dicebreaker
Digital Foundry
GamesIndustry.biz
Jelly Deals
Nintendo Life
Pure Xbox
Push Square
Rock Paper Shotgun
Time Extension
VG247
VGC
Across Europe
Eurogamer.cz
Eurogamer.de
Eurogamer.es
Eurogamer.nl
Eurogamer.pl
Eurogamer.pt


                      File: 2007 07 07_Eurogamer net_SimCity.pdf
                     URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/simcity-review-1
