{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T14:42:58Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 65966, "source_ctime_ns": 1788556835506407142, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-02-22_The-Guardian_Could-we-have-hitched-a-ride-on-UFOs.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788556835503680898, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-02-22_The-Guardian_Could-we-have-hitched-a-ride-on-UFOs.pdf", "source_sha256": "d52bce566d1599f1c9f6b0bfee2ae0d5c0fa19c286c690ee8e9cc2126603b3c5"}

Skip to main contentSkip to navigationSkip to navigation
Inside ITScience
   This article is more than 17 years old

Could we have hitched a ride on UFOs?
This article is more than 17 years old
Newly released files may put one mystery to bed, but in doing so others are left unanswered
James Randerson
Thu 22 Feb 2007 11.13 GMT
Share
It is not the sort of discussion you imagine among the grey-suited ranks of Whitehall - defence analysts debating the existence of little
green men and speculating about whether they have visited Earth.
But a set of newly released internal Ministry of Defence documents gives a fascinating insight into the military's interest in UFOs.
They tell the story of the MoD's decision to investigate the threat they might pose and whether alien military technology could be
used in the defence of the realm. They also reveal the conflicting attitudes within Whitehall to the subject and the lengths that officials
went to in order to keep the project secret.
The documents, many marked "Secret UK Eyes A", lay out the rationale for the three-year Project Condign report which analysed
more than 10,000 possible UFO sightings collected over several decades - many from military personnel. The existence of the 460-
page report was revealed last year following freedom of information requests by David Clarke, a lecturer in journalism at Sheffield
Hallam University, and his colleague Gary Anthony. It was more FOI sleuthing on their part that turned up the current slew of
papers.
The documents show that the internal lobbying effort for a UFO study began in 1993. In a briefing note from the secret UFO
investigation branch of Defence Intelligence - called DI55 - an unnamed author wrote: "The national security implications are
considerable. We have many reports of strange objects in the skies and we have never investigated them.
Paranoid response
"I also believe that it is important to appreciate that what is scientific 'fact' today may not be true tomorrow ... If reports are taken at
face value then devices exist that do not use conventional reaction propulsion systems, they have a very wide range of speeds and
are stealthy. I suggest that we could use this technology, if it exists."
And he speculates: "If the sightings are of devices not of the Earth then their purpose needs to be established as a matter of priority
... possibilities are: 1 Military reconnaissance. 2 Scientific. 3 Tourism."
According to a former MoD intelligence analyst who asked not be named, the MoD was paranoid in the late 1980s that the Soviet
Union had developed technology that went beyond western knowledge of physics. "For many years we were very concerned that in
some areas the Russians had a handle on physics that we hadn't at all. We just basically didn't know the basics they were working
from," he said. "We did encourage our scientists not to think that we in the west knew everything there was to be known."
Material that was held back from the original FOI release of the Project Condign report, but which was published in October after
an appeal, suggests that the MoD suspected that this scientific knowledge came from studying UFOs - or unidentified aerial
phenomena (UAP) as the MoD prefers to call them. "Russian, former Soviet republics and Chinese authorities have made a co-
ordinated effort to understand the UAP topic. Several aircraft have been destroyed and at least four pilots have been killed 'chasing
UFOs'."
One of Project Condign's conclusions was that UAP events could be put down to poorly understood phenomena called plasmas.
The report says that the Russian military was doing research using plasmas as reflector antennas, aerodynamic drag reducers, stealth
absorbers and using them to produce "saucer-shaped volumes".
The initial request in 1993 for an MoD research project into UFOs was shelved, but in a later memo dated June 19 1995 following a
surge in UFO reports, the same unnamed wing commander at DI55 wrote: "Until we conduct some analysis of the files we will not
have any idea what the many reports represent. If at any stage in the future UAPs are shown to exist then there is the potential for
severe embarrassment."
Clarke, whose book Flying Saucerers: The Social History of Ufology will be published in April, says: "They knew that because no
detailed study of the subject had ever been carried out - and consequently they had no idea what UFOs were - they could not justify
the claim they were of no threat."
                                    File: 2007 02 22_The Guardian_Could we have hitched a ride on UFOs.pdf
                                    URL: https://www.theguardian.com/science/2007/feb/22/freedomofinformation.it
Nick Pope, who worked on the MoD's public UFO desk until 1994 and features in the correspondence, adds: "This was always the
big debate. How could you possibly fulfil the remit of looking at the issue properly to see if there was anything of defence
significance, without carrying out research and investigation? I think it is one of these subjects where it is low probability, high
consequence," he adds. "For the want of spending a little bit of money, the potential wins if there were anything of any defence
significance here would be worth having."
But how much money did the MOD spend? One document refers to a £35,000 cost estimate, while in another from 1996, the head
of Defence Intelligence (Scientific and Technical) estimated £80,000 for a year-long study. Project Condign when it was eventually
begun took more than three years to complete. So does that mean a price tag of at least £240,000?
No, according to the MoD, although it would not release the true figure. "This assumption that the sum will tally up to £80,000 a
year isn't supported and is inaccurate. It was funded from an existing contract within existing budgetary levels," it adds.
The project was given to a trusted defence contractor and although details of the contract have not been revealed, the documents
suggest that it was handled so as not to expose Project Condign to scrutiny. In the initial 1993 correspondence on the subject, a
memo from DI55 refers to the potential "political embarrassment" of the project becoming known. It goes on: "I believe that opening
a new contract especially for this study and using competitive tendering would potentially expose the study to too wide an audience."
But Pope believes this was simply a practical measure. "Using an existing contract is always going to be easier than actually
commissioning a new one," he says. "It wasn't an attempt to take it outside scrutiny. It was a quick fix."
Suspicious minds
The internal memos and briefing notes are peppered with hints of the considerable scepticism the DI55 wing commander
encountered from superiors. In the original August 1993 brief he writes: "I am well aware that anyone who talks about UFOs is
treated with a certain degree of suspicion. I am briefing on the topic because DI55 have a UFO responsibility, not because I talk to
little green men every night!"
And in a later document he describes a briefing by DI55 on the subject. "The scientists and engineers present treated to [sic] topic
seriously while non scientists (or those without a physical science background) made the usual jokes about little green men and mass
hallucination!"
When Project Condign was eventually completed in 2000 it concluded that there was no evidence that UAPs were of extra-
terrestrial origin. But there was a limit to what the author could do, because he was not allowed to interview people who had
witnessed UAP events or talk to experts.
"The nature of the security classification meant he was unable to discuss the study with scientists who might have been able to advise
him on the credibility of the conclusions he reached," says Clarke. This explains Project Condign's baffling conclusion - that UAPs
are real, but caused by strange plasmas, which are on the fringes of scientific understanding. "He ended up trying to explain one
mystery by reference to another," says Pope.

Explore more on these topics
      Science
      Inside IT
      Freedom of information
      UFOs
      news
Share
Reuse this content

Most viewed
Most viewed
      UK
      US politics
      World
      Climate crisis
      Middle East
      Ukraine
                                  File: 2007 02 22_The Guardian_Could we have hitched a ride on UFOs.pdf
                                  URL: https://www.theguardian.com/science/2007/feb/22/freedomofinformation.it
      Football
      Newsletters
      Business
      Environment
      UK politics
      Society
      Science
      Tech
      Global development
      Obituaries
      News
      Opinion
      Sport
      Culture
      Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
      About us
      Help
      Complaints & corrections
      SecureDrop
      Work for us

      Privacy policy
      Cookie policy
      Terms & conditions
      Contact us
      All topics
      All writers
      Modern Slavery Act
      Tax strategy
      Digital newspaper archive
      Facebook
      YouTube
      Instagram
      LinkedIn
      Newsletters
      Advertise with us
      Guardian Labs
      Search jobs
      Patrons
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)


                                  File: 2007 02 22_The Guardian_Could we have hitched a ride on UFOs.pdf
                                  URL: https://www.theguardian.com/science/2007/feb/22/freedomofinformation.it
File: 2007 02 22_The Guardian_Could we have hitched a ride on UFOs.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/science/2007/feb/22/freedomofinformation.it
File: 2007 02 22_The Guardian_Could we have hitched a ride on UFOs.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/science/2007/feb/22/freedomofinformation.it
File: 2007 02 22_The Guardian_Could we have hitched a ride on UFOs.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/science/2007/feb/22/freedomofinformation.it
