{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T04:30:25Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 161488, "source_ctime_ns": 1790398462016459253, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-12-00_Journal-of-the-Royal-Anthropological-Institute---Vol-13-No-4--Saethre.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790398462011282807, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-12-00_Journal-of-the-Royal-Anthropological-Institute---Vol-13-No-4--Saethre.pdf", "source_sha256": "97e924b6ee05563fddf3001ef75468e025d7d9a993cdfbb862351162651ed579"}

Close encounters: UFO beliefs
in a remote Australian
Aboriginal community
                                                       E irik Saet hre University of Pretoria


Although UFOs, ﬂying saucers, and extraterrestrials are traditionally considered to be concepts
associated with the ‘West’, indigenous people are also familiar with these ideas. In a remote
Aboriginal community in Central Australia, Warlpiri residents regularly sight and discuss UFOs.
In addition to reﬂecting attributes of extraterrestrials found in ﬁlm and television portrayals, Warlpiri
descriptions of ‘the aliens’ also emphasize an involvement with the environment, local cosmological
themes, and the engagement between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal Australians. Consequently,
Warlpiri UFO narratives are one way in which the boundedness of, and interplay between, Aboriginal
and non-Aboriginal realms can be explored.


UFO beliefs exist around the world, yet, despite minor differences, many of the fun-
damental descriptions and attributes of UFOs and extraterrestrials are considered to be
relatively similar (Curran 1985: 23). Modern conceptions of UFOs are often traced to
the first sighting of a flying saucer in 1947 and can incorporate a number of elements,
including extraterrestrial visitors, alien abductions, and government cover-ups.
Research shows that it is countries such as the United States, the United Kingdom, and
Australia where UFO beliefs are the most prolific (Chalker 1996; Gallup & Newport
1991; Mack 1994). This has led Mack (1994: 11) to note that it is in ‘Western countries or
countries dominated by Western culture and values’ that UFO beliefs occur, while the
phenomenon of alien abduction has been called ‘a product of the mind of Western
white people’ (Randles 1988: 158).
   Recent notions of UFOs might have been born in ‘the West’, but indigenous beliefs
are regularly reinterpreted to provide proof of the existence of extraterrestrials in the
Americas (Marrs 2000; Raynes 2004; Red Star 2000; 2002), Oceania (Chalker 1996), and
Southern Africa (Hind 1987; Mack 1999). For instance, some Hopi have asserted that
stories of Star People were historic encounters with extraterrestrials (Rothstein 2003:
261). In South Africa, Credo Mutwa claims that he, like many Africans, is familiar with
a number of extraterrestrial species that inhabit the earth, such as tokoloshe, a baboon-
like witch familiar (Martin 1999). Despite a number of examples around the world,
however, the topic of UFOs within an indigenous context is one that has largely escaped
critical attention.1

Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
© Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
902 Eirik Saethre

       While conducting Ph.D. fieldwork in Central Australia from 1996 to 1999, I discov-
    ered that residents of a remote Aboriginal community in the Northern Territory also
    possess detailed and unique beliefs regarding UFOs. Discussions of ‘the aliens’ regu-
    larly occurred, during which Aboriginal residents often recounted tales of UFO sight-
    ings. I was able to interview eighteen people who claimed to have seen UFOs either in
    the community or in its vicinity. I also spoke with several others who described
    encounters that had occurred to a relative, friend, or acquaintance.2 Although the
    sightings were always brief and the inhabitants were never seen, Warlpiri people
    asserted that UFOs were spaceships piloted by extraterrestrial beings. The aliens were
    thought to search for and procure water from the desert. Furthermore, while UFOs
    were capable of abducting humans, Aboriginal residents emphasized that these
    victims were exclusively non-Aboriginal.
       Warlpiri accounts of flying saucers and extraterrestrials resemble popularized
    notions of UFOs that are reflected in American television and film but they also differ
    in crucial ways. An examination of local UFO narratives reveals themes that are also
    present in accounts of cosmological beings such as rainbow serpents. Consequently, I
    believe that Warlpiri beliefs concerning the aliens are one way in which the boundaries
    between indigenous and non-indigenous may be examined. Because Aboriginal UFO
    tales often amalgamate features of ‘Western’ extraterrestrials with local cosmological
    themes, they are an example which can provide an understanding of the close encoun-
    ters between indigenous and non-indigenous people and ‘traditions’ that take place in
    remote Aboriginal communities.

    A remote Aboriginal community
    Prior to the settlement of the Australian continent by Europeans, Warlpiri people were
    nomads, moving between sites in the Tanami Desert, hunting and gathering. The
    pattern of their movement was strongly influenced by the distribution of water. During
    the months when precipitation and vegetable foods were more plentiful, Warlpiri
    people congregated in large groups that moved from one water source to another
    (Meggitt 1962: 49). After the rains ceased, and water became less plentiful, the group
    would disperse into smaller units, usually comprising a nuclear family. Survival in the
    desert depended on possessing a comprehensive knowledge of water sources. Once the
    rains returned, larger groups would assemble once again and the pattern would be
    repeated.
       Access to water continued to play a major role in the lives of Aboriginal people
    during the European exploration and settlement of the arid regions of the continent. As
    non-Aboriginal people began to move through the region, they also required reliable
    sources of water, often using them without consulting local Aboriginal groups. Giles
    writes, ‘No doubt these ... [Aborigines] were dreadfully annoyed to find their little
    reservoirs discovered by such water-swallowing wretches as they doubtless thought
    white men and horses to be’ (1889: 212). During his crossing of the desert in 1896 and
    1897, Carnegie (1898) reports capturing a few Aboriginal people, using ropes and later
    chains as restraints, and attempting to force them to lead him to water. As the years
    progressed, pastoralists began to settle into the drier regions of the interior and
    required reliable sources of water for their cattle. When a drought struck Central
    Australia from 1924 to 1929, violent disputes occurred between pastoralists and Aborigi-
    nal people over the use of both land and water (Peterson, McConvell, Wild & Hagen
    1978).

    Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
    © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
                                                                                 Eirik Saethre 903

   As a result of the drought and the subsequent scarcity of edible plants and animals
in the bush, many Warlpiri people were forced to seek food from the settlers whom they
had earlier avoided (Meggitt 1962: 24). The government’s desire to prevent Aboriginal
people from crowding towns such as Alice Springs, coupled with the need for Aborigi-
nal labour on cattle stations, led to the creation of Aboriginal settlements in the Tanami
Desert. The Aboriginal community, in which I would later conduct research, was
established by the beginning of the 1950s. Although it was located over five hundred
kilometres from a population centre, the settlement was abutting a cattle station, which
was intended to provide employment for residents. Initially, Warlpiri people were
brought to the community by truck from other settlements. By 1960, over two-thirds of
the Warlpiri population was settled in communities supervised by the government
(Meggitt 1962: 29).
   The community has grown considerably since the 1950s, and during my research had
a population of around 750 individuals, the majority of whom considered themselves to
be Warlpiri. On average, Aboriginal people living in remote regions of the Northern
Territory had lower incomes, less education, poorer housing conditions, and a higher
disease burden than non-Aboriginal people. Owing to the lack of schooling, Aboriginal
residents often did not possess the skills needed to perform trained jobs in the com-
munity. Given the low population and isolation of the community, a limited number of
jobs were available. Approximately 67 per cent of the Aboriginal population living in
the ‘very remote’ regions of the Northern Territory were either unemployed or not in
the labour force (Australian Bureau of Statistics 2001). Consequently, many residents
received government benefits as their main form of income.
   Despite its distance from an urban centre, a number of shops and services were
available to residents, including a general store, video store, takeaway shop, clinic,
church, outstation resource centre, women’s centre, community government council,
school, bank agent, and videoconferencing facilities. Many of the services in the com-
munity were managed and staffed by the approximately forty non-Aboriginal residents,
who were employed as teachers, tradesmen, nurses, and supervisors. Because of its
remote location, several governmental health service providers – the dentist, the
ophthalmologist, the mental health officer, the women’s health specialist, and
others – visited the community on a semi-regular basis, often staying for no more
than forty-eight hours.
   Community residents spent their days engaged in a number of activities. During
opening hours, the interior of the store was often busy with shoppers, while outside
family members and acquaintances talked about daily events in the community. Con-
versations at the shop were just as likely to be about an individual being treated by
a traditional healer as they were to be about Australian politics. On their way to and
from outstations in the bush, other communities, or town, Aboriginal people would
drive cars and four-wheel drive vehicles past buildings painted with Dreaming
designs. Young men played Aussie Rules football and basketball. When injuries
occurred during the match, both the clinic and indigenous healers were consulted.
Television and movies were also a popular form of entertainment. Most homes pos-
sessed at least one TV and three channels were available, featuring shows ranging
from Buffy the Vampire Slayer to documentaries about Aboriginal people. Through-
out the day and into the night, card games were played in which both cash and
boomerangs could be wagered. During these games, one topic of conversation was
often recent sightings of UFOs.

                                  Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
                                                         © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
904 Eirik Saethre

    UFO sightings
    During the two years in which I lived in the community in the late 1990s, I never
    witnessed what either I or others considered to be a UFO sighting. Consequently, my
    research is based entirely upon the descriptions of others. I recorded the details of
    sightings provided by eighteen eyewitnesses and was told second-hand of several more.
    Although not everyone in the community had seen a UFO, many people asserted that
    they were a reality. While I was able to interview a number of people who claimed to
    have had encounters with UFOs or who affirmed their existence, I met only five
    Aboriginal people who declared that UFOs were a figment of people’s imagination.
    These individuals, ranging in age from 25 to 53, simply dismissed the topic as ridiculous
    and did not offer an alternative explanation for UFO sightings, such as a ghost, shoot-
    ing star, or aircraft.
        Regardless of whether or not a individual had seen a UFO, or even believed in their
    actual existence, everyone with whom I spoke acknowledged that people regularly
    professed to have encountered UFOs in or around the community. Residents claimed
    that because these sightings occurred with such frequency, they were exceptional.
    Warlpiri people reported that friends and relatives living in other Aboriginal commu-
    nities or in urban centres only rarely encountered UFOs, if at all. When I travelled to
    other Warlpiri settlements, UFOs were rarely discussed, and when they were, the
    community in which I was living was almost always mentioned. Both residents and
    non-residents, some of whom lived several hundred kilometres away, referred to UFOs
    as a localized phenomenon.
        The majority of conversations that I observed regarding the aliens either recounted
    a sighting that someone had witnessed recently or examined the characteristics of
    UFOs. Descriptions of over half the sightings that I recorded occurred in normal
    conversation, while people were engaged in common activities. For instance, while
    sitting around a card game late at night, Deborah (30) related that after she and two
    other women encountered a large UFO, a member of the party felt a twinge in her
    stomach. One of the female members of the card game jokingly mused that perhaps
    this meant that the woman was pregnant with alien babies. On another occasion, while
    I was with a group of men visiting a water hole, Geoffrey (46) told of the UFO he had
    seen several months earlier in the vicinity.
        Residents reported seeing UFOs while engaged in a variety of endeavours, including
    driving to town or a neighbouring community, visiting an outstation, playing cards,
    hunting, camping in the bush, or attending a ceremony. Both men and women aged
    between 12 and 51 years old reported sighting UFOs, and only half of the witnesses were
    alone at the time of the encounter. Three individuals claimed to have seen UFOs on
    more than one occasion. All of the sightings described took place within a five-year
    period. Nevertheless encounters with UFOs were never referred to as a new phenom-
    enon. Richard (43) stated that the aliens had been coming to this region of the Tanami
    ‘for a long time’. He encouraged me to speak to the older male residents of the
    community, assuring me that they would report that their grandfathers also sighted
    UFOs. However, most of the residents with whom I spoke did not refer to UFOs as
    either a recent or ancient occurrence. Consequently, it was impossible to establish
    accurately when community residents first began to have encounters with the aliens.
        Witnesses uniformly described UFOs as similar to most television and film portray-
    als of flying saucers: large, disc-shaped, brightly lit objects that fly through the sky. The
    massive size and disc-shape of the UFO, as well as its dazzling lights and great speed,

    Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
    © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
                                                                                  Eirik Saethre 905

were the attributes that people recall the most. James (34) described the UFO that he
glimpsed while driving back alone from working at a gold mine as ‘bigger than the
Woolworths [store] in [town] and brighter than the disco’. Susan (38) depicted the UFO
she observed while visiting an outstation on a school trip as larger than a football oval.
   All of the encounters lasted only a few seconds. In most instances, people reported
nothing more than seeing a UFO fly overhead quickly. For instance, one morning Alan
(42) stated that the previous evening, while playing cards, a large UFO raced over his
head. He described the sighting as only lasting a few seconds because of the great speed
at which the UFO moved. In a few instances, people reported ‘surprising’ a UFO that
was motionless. James, for instance, said that after driving over the crest of a hill,
he noticed a UFO lying stationary on the ground. He believed that he was observed
because a few seconds later the UFO quickly rose into the sky and disappeared. Rachel
(26) recounted that the UFO she saw while driving to an outstation with five other
people seemed to be hovering off to the side of the road. After a few moments, it quickly
flew away. In all of these instances, the encounters were brief, with the UFO departing
hastily after being glimpsed.
   While there were a number of UFO sightings each year, none involved sustained or
close contact. Community residents who sighted UFOs never claimed to have seen or
had any communication with the inhabitants of a flying saucer. Residents who encoun-
tered UFOs did so at a distance. The only physical characteristics of the UFOs that were
clearly discernible were metal and lights. Nevertheless, residents uniformly assumed
that UFOs were spaceships. These ships were thought to be from outer space and
capable of travelling extensive distances. The exact origin of the UFOs, such as planet,
star, or galaxy, was never discussed. Despite the lack of data, it was generally assumed
that UFOs were piloted by intelligent superhuman beings from outer space. Steven (38),
having never sighted a UFO himself, said, ‘They are smarter than we are though –
smarter than any human. [Non-Aboriginal people] think they are smart because they
went to the moon, but these aliens they travel all across the universe.’ Like Steven, others
also assumed that it was the alien’s intellect and use of advanced technology that
allowed them to voyage through space.
   Encounters between Aboriginal people and UFOs were never considered to result in
either injury or abduction, although witnesses reported that seeing a UFO caused them
to experience feelings of terror, fear, and panic. Liddy (22) described her brief encoun-
ter as ‘scary’, remarking that she wished never to see another UFO again. Every Aborigi-
nal resident with whom I spoke stated that they would prefer to avoid UFOs, and those
who had not sighted a UFO did not express a desire to do so. Harry (19) commented
that he believed that he would be too scared to move if he ever saw an alien spaceship.
No one reported purposely seeking out a UFO or wishing to encounter one. Although
people admitted to being frightened, however, UFOs were not seriously threatening.
Neither did sighting a UFO convey any special status on individuals, nor did people
believe that the UFOs would bring either material or spiritual benefit.

Aliens, water, and rainbow serpents
Although Warlpiri people described their personal experiences with UFOs in terms of
brief sightings devoid of physical contact, the aliens were thought to be able to impact
upon the physical environment of the Tanami Desert. Aboriginal residents asserted that
the aliens were capable of finding and removing large quantities of water from rivers,
rock pools, and, in some instances, rain clouds. Of eighteen witnesses, six claimed that

                                   Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
                                                          © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
906 Eirik Saethre

    neighbouring water sources, which should have been full, were depleted after the
    departure of the UFO. For instance, while at a rock pool, Geoffrey recounted how
    several months earlier he had seen a UFO fly near the sight, only to discover the next
    day that the pool was dry. Geoffrey concluded that the UFO had taken the water. Like
    the other five witnesses, Geoffrey did not express annoyance at the behaviour of the
    UFOs. None of the individuals accused the aliens of taking a resource to which they
    were not entitled, nor did they express a desire to stop or alter UFO activities in the
    desert.
       While Warlpiri residents often asserted that evidence from UFO sightings substan-
    tiated the claim that the aliens removed water, not a single individual professed to have
    witnessed, or even to know anyone who witnessed, a flying saucer physically transfer-
    ring water onboard. Instead I was told a number of theories explaining how a spaceship
    could take water without being directly observed. James concluded that UFOs were
    capable of ‘beaming up’ water once they were in close proximity to it. Mark (33), on the
    other hand, claimed that the skin of the alien ship he saw was built to absorb water:
    once the craft even briefly touched a water source, it would be transferred into the ship.
    In this way, he believed, the aliens were able to procure water simply by flying through
    rain clouds. In both cases, the lack of direct visual evidence was explained and dis-
    missed by advanced alien equipment. The superior intellect and technology of the
    aliens was also occasionally used to provide an explanation for their search for water in
    a desert. On two separate occasions, people surmised that water was required to run
    their machines, but, when asked, most residents claimed not to know why exactly the
    aliens needed water.
       UFOs, and encounters with them, were often associated with creeks, springs, rain
    clouds, and water holes.As a result, alien spacecraft were considered to be more prevalent
    in specific geographical areas and at a specific time of the year. For instance, one region
    not far from the community, which contains numerous springs and water holes, was also
    said to have one of the highest frequencies of UFO sightings for just this reason. Upon
    learning that I planned to drive to an outstation in the region, one woman cautioned me,
    ‘[Poor thing.] Big mob aliens.’While I was at the outstation,three of the five adults present
    recounted encounters with UFOs in the surrounding area.I recorded more UFO sightings
    occurring here than in any other area, including the community. James and Mark each
    had encounters with UFOs in this region. Mark commented that the number of
    encounters was higher here because ‘the aliens want [water]. There is a lot of [water] in
    [the region].’ UFO encounters were also thought to be more prevalent during the wet
    season,when creeks and water holes were full.David (44) remarked,‘When the rain comes
    so do many alien spaceships. That is when you have to be careful.’ As a result, during the
    wet season, Aboriginal residents would caution others not to drive to or from the
    community at night, when most encounters occurred.
       While UFOs were explicitly associated with the presence of water, so were warna-
    yarra, giant multi-coloured snakes that are often referred to as rainbow serpents in
    anthropological literature (Buchler & Maddock 1978; Merlan 2000; Munn 1973;
    Radcliffe-Brown 1926; Rose 1992). Community residents stated that rainbow serpents
    inhabited water sources such as rivers, water holes, underground soaks, rain clouds, and
    seasonal creeks, such as the one running beside the community. During the wet season,
    the presence of water in the creek signalled the tangible presence of the warnayarra that
    inhabited it. As the rains stopped and the creek became dry, the warnayarra was
    thought to move underground, only to re-emerge when the water returned.

    Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
    © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
                                                                                 Eirik Saethre 907

   In some instances, it was possible to attribute an event to either the aliens or
warnayarra. For example, when a group of men were discussing why the creek had
suddenly lost most of its water despite good rains, John (52) believed that the warna-
yarra had moved underground, taking the water with it. However, not everyone present
shared this view. Michael (29), a tradesman’s assistant, stated that the aliens were
responsible. After sighting a UFO over the community the night before, he attributed
the water loss to the flying saucer. Of the four other men present, three agreed with his
assessment. Billy (early 30s) stated that he also saw the UFO and concurred with
Michael’s explanation. Although George had not observed the UFO, he sided with the
other two men. John (early 50s) remained adamant that it was the warnayarra and that
a belief in UFOs was ‘rubbish’. Nevertheless, by the following day, two individuals who
had not seen the UFO told me that the aliens were responsible for the water loss.
   Warnayarra were thought to be capable of causing serious harm to Aboriginal
people. John said, ‘Warnayarra can be quiet one, leave you. Other warnayarra is maybe
cheeky one and kill you.’ Warnayarra were believed to be able to recognize individuals
as ‘belonging’ in the area of land in which they reside and injuring those people who
were identified as strangers. For instance, the warnayarra in the creek was able to
recognize community residents: Maisy (48) stated that if children who were not from
the community swam in the creek, the warnayarra that lived there could kill them.
Similarly, a warnayarra inhabiting a water hole on traditional land was able to recognize
the owners of that land. While visiting a large salt lake, several men expressed fear of
being punished by the warnayarra because they were not traditional owners. Even
though the lakebed was dry, it was assumed that numerous warnayarra were living
under the surface and capable of causing harm to trespassers.
   A warnayarra is not the only type of being that inhabits traditional land and is
capable of recognizing and harming trespassers. Ghosts, such as milalpa, and other
ancestral forces are also present.3 Consequently, travelling through foreign land can be
dangerous for Warlpiri individuals. These hazards can be mitigated when a traditional
owner and sponsor ‘introduces’ a stranger to country. This act bestows protection upon
the guest, which beings such as warnayarra honour. I was ‘introduced’ to warnayarra on
a number of occasions while I was visiting rock pools. In each instance, a senior man,
who was the acknowledged owner of the site, placed a small amount of water on my
head while telling the warnayarra that I should not be injured. Once this procedure was
completed, I was told that I could walk around the area without fear of being harmed
or killed by the warnayarra. As Myers notes (1986: 151) among the Pintupi, it is only on
one’s own country that an individual can feel safe from dangerous forces, while the act
of bestowing protection also acknowledges the dependency that a visitor has on his or
her sponsor. The recognition and punishment of strangers, as well as the ability to
obtain protection from these forces, are also themes in Warlpiri UFO narratives.
   Although Warlpiri people might debate the cause of an event, such as the water level
in the creek dropping, the aliens were never incorporated into discussions of ancestral
forces. For instance, none of the men present suggested that either the warnayarra or
the aliens had any interaction with one another. Warnayarra were not believed to
punish the UFOs or in any way harm them. Likewise the aliens were not thought to
remove the warnayarra with the water that they procured. Furthermore, I was never
told of the aliens having any interaction with the ancestral spirits that guarded country.
UFOs neither owned nor had any special privileges at the water sources at which they
were sighted. While Warlpiri people recounted stories of Dreamings, both terrestrial

                                  Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
                                                         © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
908 Eirik Saethre

    and celestial, UFOs were never integrated into these narratives. I have never heard
    anyone state that the phenomenon referred to as UFOs originated in or was part of the
    Dreaming.


    Abductions
    While conversations of warnayarra and ancestral beings were often confined almost
    exclusively to the Aboriginal population of the community, this was not true of the
    aliens. Non-Aboriginal residents often engaged in discussions regarding UFOs, sharing
    their own beliefs and experiences while also being told those of Warlpiri residents. Four
    non-Aboriginal individuals claimed to have sighted UFOs. None of them had seen a
    flying saucer prior to coming to the community. Non-Aboriginal descriptions of UFOs
    closely matched Warlpiri reports and also resembled the popular conception of flying
    saucers: large, disc-shaped, and fast-moving. Mary (late 30s) claimed to have ‘surprised’
    a resting craft while driving to town with three Aboriginal women for a workshop.
    Barry (42), a council worker, reported having seen a UFO soar over the community late
    one evening.
       Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal descriptions of UFO sightings might have been
    similar, but there was not agreement regarding the behaviour of the aliens. For
    instance, when Gina (27), a teacher, recounted how both she and her partner, a
    mechanic (29), had seen the UFO quickly fly over their car one evening while driving
    back to the community from Alice Springs, a group of Aboriginal people were atten-
    tively listening to her tale. Gina sighted the UFO in an area known for its water
    sources and one Aboriginal person present commented that the aliens were clearly
    there seeking water. Gina disagreed, saying that there was no way to know for sure
    why UFOs were frequenting this particular area. Whereas both Aboriginal and non-
    Aboriginal residents described their encounters with UFOs as similar, non-Aboriginal
    residents often discounted the belief that the aliens sought and removed water from
    the environment.
       Aboriginal people stated that while the aliens never harmed them, UFOs could
    abduct ‘white’ people or kardiya. Jason (22) told me, ‘You kardiya have to be careful
    because the aliens might get you.’ Jason reported that once an individual was ‘taken’,
    the word most commonly used to refer to abductions, he or she would not return.
    Although there was no speculation as to the events that occurred once the individual
    boarded a flying saucer, abductions were considered to be a horrific experience because
    individuals would be permanently separated from their homes and families. Abductees
    were assumed to be unwilling victims. Jason advised me to take particular care not to
    drive alone at night especially during the wet season. These were the times when most
    abductions were thought to take place. Jason’s warning was repeated to me on a
    number of different occasions by a number of different people.
       Other non-Aboriginal residents had a similar experience. Ian (39), a medical
    researcher who spent only three months in the community, stated that he had been
    warned repeatedly about the risk of alien abduction. Like Aboriginal notions linking
    UFOs to water depletion, many non-Aboriginal residents were initially unfamiliar with
    this claim and often disputed it. Although kardiya residents were cautioned, few took
    heed of these warnings. However, after spending longer periods of time living in the
    community, some non-Aboriginal individuals began to re-evaluate their earlier beliefs.
    For instance, a non-Aboriginal teacher, who had resided for over a year in the

    Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
    © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
                                                                                   Eirik Saethre 909

community and heard a number of stories regarding UFOs from Aboriginal people,
confessed to becoming gradually more hesitant to drive long distances at night during
the wet season.
   Although non-Aboriginal people recounted anecdotes of UFO sightings, they never
circulated tales of alien abductions. Instead, it was Warlpiri residents who related these
stories. For instance, Ronald (48), an Aboriginal council employee, told how Bill, a
non-Aboriginal allied health service provider, visited the community for little over a
day. Four days passed since Bill left for town but he had not contacted the community
council. Ronald claimed that both Bill’s supervisor and the police had been notified but
neither knew his whereabouts. Ronald explained Bill’s disappearance by claiming that
he had been abducted while driving at night. Ronald had never seen a UFO himself, yet
he was certain that the aliens were responsible. Expressing regret and sorrow that he
would never see Bill again, Ronald added that he, as an Aboriginal man, was safe from
alien abduction, whereas non-Aboriginal people were not.
   It was possible for non-Aboriginal visitors to the community to avoid being
abducted by aliens. David explained that I could drive through the desert safely at night
by having Warlpiri people in the car with me. He stated that it was only when non-
Aboriginal people were travelling alone or with other non-Aboriginal people that they
were abducted. Even if a UFO appeared, David said that I would not be taken as long
as an Aboriginal person was present. He reassured me by saying, ‘Don’t worry. We will
look after you.’ Once, when driving at night with a group of Aboriginal people to town,
I was asked if I felt safe from the aliens. After replying that I was not sure, I was
immediately told that my fellow passengers would protect me from the aliens. Ian also
reported being told that he would be safe from abductions only if he was travelling with
Aboriginal people.
   When asked to explain why non-Aboriginal people were invariably the victims of
abductions, I was told that the aliens were able to recognize Aboriginal people as
belonging in the area. David stated that yapa, a word that refers to both Warlpiri and
other Aboriginal people, were not abducted because, ‘They know us. This is our land.’
After recounting the details of his sighting, Mark asserted that while he was scared at
the sight of the ship, he was not worried about being abducted because the desert was
‘his country’. When asked if he was referring to a specific site or area, he replied that the
aliens knew that yapa belonged in the Tanami Desert so they had nothing to fear. The
same was said of the community. Alan claimed that yapa would never be taken because
the aliens had seen them ‘sit down’ in the community for years.


Close encounters
Examining Warlpiri UFO narratives reveals a number of similarities with both popular
media portrayals of extraterrestrials and local cosmological beliefs. For instance, tele-
vision programmes and movies often depict UFOs as flying saucers that are piloted by
intelligent beings from outer space, as do Warlpiri people. Other statements made by
residents, such as James’s claim that the aliens could ‘beam up’ water, reflect the way in
which science fiction representations are echoed in local ideas regarding the aliens. Like
other Warlpiri people, Geoffrey discussed media portrayals of UFOs and Warlpiri ideas
regarding the aliens as comparable. After watching an episode of The X-Files, he
commented that the programme reflected similar conceptions of extraterrestrials to
those in the community.

                                    Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
                                                           © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
910 Eirik Saethre

       Despite its geographic remoteness, the community and its residents are not isolated
    from international representations of UFOs. Television was one popular form of enter-
    tainment, which many residents watched for extended periods. Video players were
    common and tapes of movies could be bought on trips to town or locally at the ‘video
    store’. Once obtained, individuals exchanged VHS tapes, which were often viewed
    repeatedly. Young unemployed men would often sit in front of the television at my
    home watching movies for hours. Many of the television programmes and movies that
    Warlpiri people viewed included depictions of UFOs. Television programmes such as
    The X-Files and Stargate were popular, while the Star Trek movies and Independence
    Day were seen over and over again.
       While researchers in the United States suggest that film and television directly
    impacts attitudes and conceptions of UFOs (Bullard 1989; Newman & Baumeister 1996;
    Saler, Ziegler & Moore 1997; Sparks, Sparks & Gray 1995; Sparks, Pellechia & Irvine
    1998), the exact way in which media are interpreted by viewers has been a topic of
    anthropological debate for a considerable period (Spitulnik 1993). Media can be
    employed to both construct and mediate meaning within and between societies
    (Ginsburg 1994: 13). For instance, after watching the film ET over twenty times, Linda
    Syddick (Tjungkaya Napaltjarri) painted a number of canvases depicting the alien
    using local designs (Myers 2003). Myers writes that the film evoked feelings of ‘home-
    sickness, pining, grief, loss – that Central Desert Aborigines articulate in song and
    ceremony’ (2003: 309). Consequently, Aboriginal individuals are capable of identifying
    with themes from media, borrowing images, and situating them within a local context.
       Warlpiri people no doubt glean ideas and notions regarding UFOs from television
    and movies, but the way in which they are employed and understood can vary. Exam-
    ining Warlpiri narratives of UFOs reveals that the aliens possess a number of charac-
    teristics that differ from popular media portrayals. Michaels comments that Warlpiri
    people produced ‘remarkable readings of Hollywood videos, best explained with ref-
    erence to traditional oral performances and inscriptive practices’ (1990: 22). Narratives
    concerning the aliens are also able to incorporate other facets of Warlpiri life and
    experience, including an involvement with the environment, a resemblance to local
    cosmological themes, and recognition of the engagement between Aboriginal and
    non-Aboriginal Australians. Ideas of UFOs are not simply the product of watching too
    much television.
       Like Warlpiri people and ancestral beings, the aliens are connected to the landscape
    and noticeably exert an impact upon it. The search for and removal of water associates
    UFOs with an important aspect of the natural world. A concern with water and water
    sources is one way in which Aboriginal people demonstrate the link between humans
    and their environment (Toussaint, Sullivan & Yu 2005). Furthermore, the search for
    water has played an important part in the lives of Warlpiri people. Prior to settlement,
    Warlpiri people walked between water sources, whereas today the aliens fly in their
    spaceships between these same locations. Although historically there was conflict with
    white settlers over the use of these resources, Warlpiri people do not express anger or
    resentment at the behaviour of the aliens or their impact on the environment. I believe
    that one reason for this response is that unlike discussions of non-Aboriginal settlers,
    Aboriginal residents would often speak of the aliens as a natural component of the
    landscape, resembling other cosmological beings. For instance, visits to water holes can
    be punctuated with stories of both their formation by ancestral forces and their deple-
    tion by the aliens.

    Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
    © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
                                                                                  Eirik Saethre 911

   The association with water and water sources is also a trait of both UFOs and
warnayarra. However, narratives of the aliens seem to invert many of the relationships
that exist between warnayarra and water. For instance, warnayarra are primarily ter-
restrial beings, dwelling either on the surface of the earth in rivers and rock holes or
underneath it in groundwater. Water from the heavens in the form of rain falls onto the
earth and accumulates. However, it is possible for a warnayarra to move underground,
taking this water with it. In contrast, the aliens inhabit the sky. Reversing the process of
precipitation, UFOs move water from the earth to the heavens. Whereas warnayarra are
capable of taking Aboriginal people deep into the earth, the aliens can abduct non-
Aboriginal people, transporting them into outer space. Although both are associated
with water, warnayarra and UFOs exemplify inverse relationships between the heavens,
earth, and precipitation.
   The actions of the aliens towards humans are also analogous to those of other
beings, such as warnayarra and ancestral spirits, yet they too differ in crucial respects.
Themes of belonging, trespass, punishment, and protection suffuse both narratives.
Just as warnayarra and milalpa are capable of recognizing individual owners of
country, so are the aliens. Warlpiri people, such as Alan and David, stated that the aliens
recognized yapa as belonging. Because this was not true of non-Aboriginal people, they
were in danger of abduction. Narratives of abductions mirrored those of punishment
by ancestral forces for trespass. Children from other communities could be killed by the
warnayarra in the creek just as kardiya from elsewhere in Australia could be abducted
by aliens. Furthermore, the manner in which protection was bestowed upon me at
water holes inhabited by hostile warnayarra resembles the way in which protection
from abduction could also be obtained through the agency of Aboriginal people. An
important difference is that whereas tales of warnayarra punishing trespassers almost
exclusively involved only Aboriginal people, alien abduction narratives focused on
non-Aboriginal people. Stories of UFOs incorporated non-Aboriginal people, both as
a subject and as an audience, in a way that accounts of warnayarra generally did not.
   Tales of the aliens are not only given in contexts introduced as the result of colo-
nialism, such as the presence of a non-Aboriginal population, but are also used as
explanations of natural phenomena. Michael disagreed with John, stating that it was
not the rainbow serpent but rather the aliens that caused the loss of water in the creek.
But in other contexts, Warlpiri people are also capable of utilizing familiar concepts
such as the Dreaming and ancestral forces to reinterpret new situations, for instance
attributing the recurrent symptoms of an unfamiliar chronic disease to sorcery
(Saethre 2007). In the case of UFOs, it seems as if the opposite is occurring. Aboriginal
people are using a new type of account – extraterrestrials – to explain an incident – the
change of water level – that was formerly attributed to warnayarra.
   Warlpiri tales regarding the aliens appear to combine elements from both popular
media and local cosmology while reproducing neither entirely. UFOs are described
as resembling ‘Western’ concepts of flying saucers and extraterrestrials, yet other
popularized themes such as reports of government cover-ups and painful medical
experiments on abductees are absent. In addition to these traits, stories of the aliens
encompass themes of the environment, trespass, belonging, and protection that are
present in Warlpiri cosmology, yet tales of UFOs have not been incorporated into those
of the Dreaming and ancestral spirits. UFOs appear to be neither ‘Western’ nor
‘Aboriginal’ and consequently they can be used to explore the assumed borders and
relationships between these two categories.

                                   Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
                                                          © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
912 Eirik Saethre

       UFOs create a sort of parity between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal ‘worlds’. Ele-
    ments of ‘science’ and ‘indigenous belief ’ are integrated on a par with one another.
    Beckett writes that one result of the colonial encounter in Australia is that ‘Indigenous
    knowledge is no longer self-evident; it must be assessed relative to the knowledge of the
    colonizers, if it is not to be abandoned as worthless, it must either be consigned to a
    separate domain or made commensurate with the knowledge of the other through
    some kinds of articulation’ (1993: 691). I believe that the aliens are one way in which
    Warlpiri ideas of the world are incorporated into and ‘made commensurate’ with
    both national and international narratives. Through conversations with non-
    Aboriginal people concerning UFO sightings and alien abductions, Warlpiri residents
    share and perpetuate local themes of belonging and punishment through a subject –
    extraterrestrials – that is familiar to non-Aboriginal people.
       Warlpiri UFO narratives not only reflect the interactions between Aboriginal and
    non-Aboriginal ideas, they are also capable of echoing relations between Aboriginal
    and non-Aboriginal people themselves. Stories of abductions affirm that Aboriginal
    people are at home and make a home in both the community and Tanami Desert in
    a way that non-Aboriginal people do not. Not only are Aboriginal people protected
    from the aliens because they are recognized as ‘belonging’, but tales of abductions can
    also reflect the mobility and impermanence of most non-Aboriginal residents. For
    instance, Bill’s abduction is illustrative of the current state of service provision in
    many remote Aboriginal communities where allied health workers provided services
    on a sporadic basis. Like other health care professionals, Bill visited the community
    for a very short period of time and left never to be heard from again. While other
    non-Aboriginal residents worked and lived in the community for longer periods,
    none believed that it would be a permanent home. After a few months or years,
    non-Aboriginal workers left the community, often never to return. Stories of Aborigi-
    nal abductions portray the tendency of non-Aboriginal residents to vanish from
    communities metaphorically, depicting social relations between Aboriginal and
    non-Aboriginal people.

    Conclusion
    There has been a tendency in Australia to cast Aboriginal practices and beliefs con-
    cerning health, law, education, economics, and cosmology as incommensurable or at
    odds with those of non-Aboriginal people. For instance, words and phrases such as
    ‘vastly different’ (Nathan & Leichleitner 1983: 72), ‘cultural gap’ (Eastwell 1973: 1012),
    ‘poor compatibility’ (Maher 1999: 234), and ‘clash’ (Sutton 2005: 1) are used to describe
    the relationship between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal health traditions. However, it
    is possible to demonstrate ways in which these boundaries can be indistinct and
    permeable. Examining a tale of bulldozers driven by non-Aboriginal workers unearth-
    ing a rainbow serpent, Merlan observes: ‘Despite local perceptions and the objectively
    great degree of segregation of Aborigines in many aspects of daily life from whites, one
    is not justified in assuming radical boundedness between black and white “worlds” ’
    (2005: 173).
       Warlpiri narratives of aliens from outer space are not simply a faithful restatement
    of ideas gleaned from Hollywood movies but are situated in, and reflect the close
    encounters between, Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal people. UFOs are one way to
    understand ‘engagement across forms of difference that nevertheless do not imply
    complete boundedness, and also deal with issues of change in such a context’ (Merlan

    Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
    © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
                                                                                             Eirik Saethre 913

2005: 180). By echoing themes from the daily experiences of Warlpiri people – including
watching television, discussing ancestral beings, and interacting with non-Aboriginal
workers – stories of UFOs reveal that a ubiquitous, discrete, and immutable separation
between non-Aboriginal and Aboriginal domains does not always exist. Local realities
can and do transcend the realms of white and black.
   While Warlpiri descriptions of the aliens incorporate themes from local cosmology
and experience, so too do many of the indigenous UFO narratives that exist around the
world. Stories of Star People and tokoloshe are merged with those of extraterrestrials. In
many cases, indigenous groups willingly share these ideas in both national and inter-
national UFO forums. At the Star Knowledge Conference in 1996 Sioux, Hopi, Iroquois,
Choctaw, Oneida, Seneca, Yaqui, Mayan, Maori, and Saami individuals conveyed
their knowledge of extraterrestrials to non-indigenous UFO enthusiasts (Boylan 1996).
Through forums such as the Star Knowledge Conference, relationships between indig-
enous and non-indigenous people can be recast. Consequently, I believe that indig-
enous UFO narratives around the world are capable of providing a unique insight into
the borders and engagements between indigenous and non-indigenous people.

NOTES
   I would like to thank the Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies for assisting
in the funding of my field research.
   1
     Although in the United States, UFO beliefs have been viewed as emblematic of the tensions between
settler societies and the indigenous people whom they colonized (Panay 2004; Pfitzer 1995; Sturma 2000;
2002; Whitmore 1995), these approaches focus on the perspectives of non-indigenous people.
   2
     Pseudonyms have been used, and, when possible, the age of individuals has been included.
   3
     For more information on spirit beings and their ability to recognize and harm outsiders, see Cawte
(1974), Meggitt (1962), Peile (1997), Reid (1983), Rose (1992), and Tonkinson (1978).


REFERENCES
Australian Bureau of Statistics 2001. Population characteristics, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
  Australians, Northern Territory. Canberra: Australian Bureau of Statistics.
Beckett, J. 1993. Walter Newton’s history of the world – or Australia. American Ethnologist 20, 675-95.
Boylan, R.J. 1996. Native elders reveal centuries of ET contact lore. Contact Forum 4, 1-6.
Buchler, I. & K. Maddock (eds) 1978. The rainbow serpent: a chromatic piece. The Hague: Mouton.
Bullard, T.E. 1989. UFO abduction reports: the supernatural kidnap narrative returns in technological
  guise. Journal of American Folklore 102, 147-70.
Carnegie, D. 1898. Spinifex and sand. London: Arthur Pearson.
Cawte, J. 1974. Medicine is the law: studies in the psychiatric anthropology of Australian tribal societies.
  Adelaide: Rigby Press.
Chalker, B. 1996. The Oz files: the Australian UFO story. Potts Point, NSW: Duffy & Snellgrove.
Curran, D. 1985. In advance of the landing: folk concepts of outer space. New York: Abbeville Press.
Eastwell, H. 1973. The traditional healer in modern Arnhem Land. Medical Journal of Australia 2, 1011-17.
Gallup, G. & F. Newport 1991. Belief in paranormal phenomena among adult Americans. Skeptical Inquirer
  15, 137-46.
Giles, E. 1889. Australia twice traversed. London: Sampson, Low, Marston and Rivington.
Ginsburg, F. 1994. Culture/media: a (mild) polemic. Anthropology Today 10, 5-15.
Hind, C. 1987. UFOs and the African tribal system. In UFOs 1947-1987: the 40-year search for an explanation
  (eds) H. Evans & J. Spencer, 93-6. London: Fortean Tomes.
Mack, J.E. 1994. Abduction: human encounters with aliens. New York: Macmillan.
——— 1999. Passport to the cosmos: human transformation and alien encounters. New York: Crown.
Maher, P. 1999. A review of ‘traditional’ Aboriginal health beliefs. Australian Journal of Rural Health 7,
  229-36.
Marrs, J. 2000. Alien agenda: investigating the extraterrestrial presence among us. New York: HarperCollins.


                                           Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
                                                                  © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
914 Eirik Saethre

    Martin, R. 1999. Great Zulu shaman and elder Credo Mutwa on alien abductions & reptilians: a
      rare, astonishing conversation. The Spectrum 1: 1, 17-31 (available on-line: http://www.v72.org/PDF/
      reptilian_credo_1.pdf; http://www.v72.org/PDF/reptilian_credo_2.pdf, accessed 16 August 2007).
    Meggitt, M. 1962. Desert people: a study of the Walbiri Aborigines of Central Australia. Sydney: Angus and
      Robertson.
    Merlan, F. 2000. Representing the rainbow: Aboriginal culture in an interconnected world. Australian
      Aboriginal Studies 1/2, 20-6.
    ——— 2005. Explorations towards intercultural accounts of socio-cultural reproduction and change.
      Oceania 75, 167-82.
    Michaels, E. 1990. A model of teleported texts (with reference to Aboriginal television). Continuum 3, 8-31.
    Munn, N. 1973. Walbiri iconography: graphic representation and cultural symbolism in a Central Australian
      society. Ithaca, N.Y.: Cornell University Press.
    Myers, F. 1986. Pintupi country, Pintupi self: sentiment, place, and politics among Western Desert Aborigines.
      Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution Press.
    ——— 2003. Painting culture: the making of Aboriginal high art. Durham, N.C.: Duke University Press.
    Nathan, P. & D. Leichleitner. 1983. Health business. Victoria: Heinemann Educational Australia.
    Newman, L.S. & R.F. Baumeister 1996. Toward an explanation of the UFO abduction phenomenon:
      hypnotic elaboration, extraterrestrial sadomasochism, and spurious memories. Psychological Inquiry 7,
      99-126.
    Panay, A. 2004. From Little big man to little green men: the captivity scenario in American culture. European
      Journal of American Culture 23, 201-16.
    Peile, A.R. 1997. Body and soul: an Aboriginal view. Carlisle: Hesperian Press.
    Peterson, N., P. McConvell, S. Wild & R. Hagen 1978. A claim to areas of traditional land by the Warlpiri
      and Kartangarurru-Kurintji. Central Land Council.
    Pfitzer, G.M. 1995. The only good alien is a dead alien: science fiction and the metaphysics of Indian-hating
      on the high frontier. Journal of American Culture 18, 51-67.
    Radcliffe-Brown, A. 1926. The rainbow serpent myth of Australia. Journal of the Royal Anthropological
      Institute of Great Britian and Ireland 56, 19-25.
    Randles, J. 1988. Alien abductions: the mystery solved. New Brunswick, N.J.: Inner Light.
    Raynes, B. 2004. Visitors from hidden realms: the origin and destiny of humanity as told by star elders, shamen,
      and UFO visitors. Memphis, TN: Eagle Wing Books Incorporated.
    Red Star, N. 2000. Star ancestors: Indian wisdomkeepers share the teachings of the extraterrestrials. Rochester,
      VT: Inner Traditions International.
    ——— 2002. Legends of the star ancestors: Stories of extraterrestrial contact from wisdomkeepers around the
      world. Rochester, VT: Inner Traditions International.
    Reid, J. 1983. Sorcerers and healing spirits: continuity and change in an Aboriginal medical system. Canberra:
      Australian National Press.
    Rose, D.B. 1992. Dingo makes us human: life and land in an Aboriginal Australian culture. Cambridge:
      University Press.
    Rothstein, M. 2003. UFO beliefs as syncretistic components. In UFO religions (ed.) C. Partridge, 256-73.
      New York: Routledge.
    Saethre, E.J. 2007. Conflicting traditions, concurrent treatment: medical pluralism in Aboriginal Australia.
      Oceania 77, 95-110.
    Saler, B., C. Ziegler & C. Moore 1997. UFO crash at Roswell: the genesis of a modern myth. Washington,
      D.C.: Smithsonian Institution Press.
    Sparks, G., M. Pellechia & C. Irvine 1998. Does television news about UFOs affect viewers’ UFO beliefs?
      An experimental investigation. Communication Quarterly 46, 1-9.
    Sparks, G., C.W. Sparks & K. Gray 1995. Media impact on fright reactions and belief in UFOs: the potential
      role of mental imagery. Communication Research 22, 3-23.
    Spitulnik, D. 1993. Anthropology and mass media. Annual Review of Anthropology 22, 293-315.
    Sturma, M. 2000. Alien abductions. History Today 50, 14-15.
    ——— 2002. Aliens and Indians: a comparison of abduction and captivity narratives. Journal of Popular
      Culture 36, 318-35.
    Sutton, P. 2005. The politicisation of disease and the disease of politicisation: causal theories and
      the Indigenous health differential. Paper presented to the National Rural Health Conference, Alice
      Springs, Northern Territory, March (available on-line: http://wwwling.arts.kuleuven.be/fll/eldp/sutton/
      2005NRH.pdf, accessed 16 August 2007).


    Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
    © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
                                                                                            Eirik Saethre 915

Tonkinson, R. 1978. The Mardudjarra Aborigines: living the dream in Australia’s desert. New York: Holt,
  Rinehart & Winston.
Toussaint, S., P. Sullivan & S. Yu 2005. Water way in Aboriginal Australia: an interconnected analysis.
  Anthropological Forum 15, 61-74.
Whitmore, J. 1995. Religious dimensions of the UFO abductee experience. In The gods have landed: new
  religions from other worlds (ed.) J. Lewis, 65-84. Albany, N.Y.: State University of New York Press.

Ceux qui les ont vus : Croyances relatives aux OVNI d’une communauté
aborigène australienne isolée

  Résumé

  Alors que les soucoupes volantes et les extraterrestres sont habituellement considérés comme des concepts
  « occidentaux », ils ne sont pas complètement inconnus des peuples indigènes. Les membres de la
  communauté aborigène de Warlpiri, isolée dans le centre de l’Australie, voient régulièrement des ovnis et
  en discutent. Tout en reproduisant les attributs des « aliens » tels que les représentent le cinéma et la
  télévision, les descriptions des Warlpiri expriment aussi un intérêt pour l’environnement, les thèmes
  cosmologiques locaux et la relation entre Australiens aborigènes et non aborigènes. Les récits de visions
  d’ovnis des Warlpiri constituent donc un moyen d’explorer les délimitations des sphères aborigène et non
  aborigène et les interactions entre celles-ci.


Eirik Saethre completed his Ph.D. at the Australian National University. His thesis examines responses to
chronic and lifestyle illnesses in an Australian Aboriginal community. He is currently completing a post-
doctoral fellowship at the University of Pretoria, researching the social life of a microbicide trial in a
peri-urban South African township.


Department of Anthropology and Archaeology, University of Pretoria, Pretoria 0002, South Africa. eirik.saethre@
up.ac.za


                                           Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute (N.S.) 13, 901-915
                                                                  © Royal Anthropological Institute 2007
