{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T15:41:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 166890, "source_ctime_ns": 1790226835920835997, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-07-15_Eurogamer-net_UFO-Extraterrestrials.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790226835911704702, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-07-15_Eurogamer-net_UFO-Extraterrestrials.pdf", "source_sha256": "2fda90c63c5fa4fafe45e8fa31a137ebe6c3f0ec122ff07273e85873300811e4"}

If you click on a link and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. Read our editorial policy.
Page 1 of 2
Next page
The first game I ever reviewed, way back in a distant time they called the early-to-mid nineties was the A500 version of UFO:
Enemy Unknown for Amiga Power. I gave it an over-generous 36 per cent. You may be confused on two points. Firstly, if you're an
American, you may not know that what you know as X-Com: UFO Defense went under that particular title in the UK. Secondly,
you may be wondering why such an well-loved classic got such a low mark. The A500 version simply didn't work properly, which
made me - as you'll know if you follow that link - get all het up in a late-teenage manner and sniffle. I always wanted to review a
version which worked, which makes me really glad to play UFO: Extraterrestrials. Because - y'know - it's UFO: Enemy Unknown.
Like, exactly.
When I went to the manual, I was genuinely surprised that instead of "The Gollop Brothers" I find a couple by the name of Michal
Dolezal and Irou. You can only presume that their methodology of design involved gathering the team around an old PC running
UFO: Enemy Unknown and saying "Guys - do it like that". And the differences in the final game were due to communication
difficulties or spiteful art staff or rebellious programmers refusing to code an old-skool character control system for something a bit
more accessible or something.


                                          File: 2007 07 15_Eurogamer net_UFO Extraterrestrials.pdf
                                           URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/ufo-extraterrestrials-review
While there have been other games that have taken from it, they've always been considerably more distant than this. Most obviously,
the successful UFO: Aftershock/Afterlight/Aftermath/AfterEightMint series - which, you'll remember, was real-time. Conversely, this
keeps exactly to the formula of the UFO series.... okay, just to make it less confusing from now on, we'll call the original series X-
COM. That is, strategic management of the world defence which runs in real-time with a turn-based tactical missions.

Mass Effect fans think this official image hints that Paragon/Renegade system is "absolutely returning"
Shepard's hook.
To elaborate, you're a world defence organisation. Rather than the original X-com plot of defending Earth, we have the colonized
planet Esperanza under threat from Aliens (And, yes, you should get that I'm exaggerating for comic effect by saying it's exactly the
same earlier. I only say so to a) be cleared, and b) make it harder for someone to sue us). You have to build bases to protect each
section of the land, purchase equipment for your soldiers, build useful things to help with research and production and generally get
ready for the appearance of flying saucers. (Because, stating the bloody obvious, they're not UFOs. They're highly identified flying
objects, full of zap-gun totting alien bastards )


      "You go first." "No, you first." "No, you."

                                          File: 2007 07 15_Eurogamer net_UFO Extraterrestrials.pdf
                                           URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/ufo-extraterrestrials-review
When they appear, your jets set off and ideally send them crashing into the ground. Most of the time there will be alien survivors, and
you'll send off your ground team. On arrival, you enter the turn-based mode. Everyone has action points. Moving, shooting,
whatever uses them up. Keep enough at the end of a turn and they'll be able to do a snap-shot at any enemies who cross their field
of vision. The most important aspect, however, is the vision cones of the characters - they can only see in the direction they're facing,
with the majority of the map blacked out until you explore it. Eventually you'll have cleared the aliens - or lost. At which point it's
back to the strategic level, where you get all the alien-salvage to pore over, leading to fresh routes for your experimentation or just
junk to sell to keep your enormously expensive operation running. Your success in keeping various nation's alien-free leads to your
monthly pay-cheque.
It's a genius design, to say the least, and the clear spiritual forefather for things like, say, the Total War games. The interaction
between the micro and the macro is especially relevant, the pair of them increasing the power of the other. In the strategic mode,
since you have to manufacture the weapons you research, you're regularly forced to go into battle half-way through a refit - that is,
there are not enough of the snazzy new weapons to go around. That's both convincing, and incredibly atmospheric. Of course, the
tactical part of the game is all about the "incredibly atmospheric". It's the exact tension, fear and careful military precision - moving
individuals to a corner, covering each other, making sure people can't outflank you - which perfectly captures that twenty-minute
period of the film Aliens where the Colonial Marines are sweeping through the deserted colony. It's rarely a stand-up fight. It's
primarily a bug-hunt, with no option to bug out and nuke the site from orbit.
Okay. What goes wrong?

Assassin's Creed12%

Batman: Arkham7%
God of War8%

Horizon Zero Dawn4%

Red Dead Redemption12%
Tomb Raider4%

Spider-Man5%
The Legend of Zelda15%

The Witcher12%

Uncharted5%
Something else10%

 Up next Do bad reviews stop you buying a game?
Page 1 of 2
Next page


Kieron Gillen: Kieron is one of the founders of the lovely Rock, Paper, Shotgun and nowadays writes comics for Marvel starring
characters that even his mum has heard of.
Find out how we conduct our reviews by reading our review policy.
In this article


UFO: Extraterrestrials
                                           File: 2007 07 15_Eurogamer net_UFO Extraterrestrials.pdf
                                            URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/ufo-extraterrestrials-review
PC

      Follow
Related topics
PC
Eurogamer is better when you sign in
Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more!
Sign in with Google Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Reddit
Sign in with email


Latest News
      Pokémon Go's monthly Community Day ticket doubles in price
      Atari's striking new Gamestation Go handheld features some really unusual hardware features
      Helldivers reveals Star Fox-style game concept, as it invites ideas for next project
      Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 players lament "battle passes in between battle passes" with Squid Game event
      The Rise of the Golden Idol designer reveals next game, and it's already got the Idol creators' seal of approval
      Apple Vision Pro £3500 headset reportedly no longer in production, as stock piles up
      Marvel Rivals' Season 1 heroes teased
Latest Reviews
      Marvel Rivals review - snackable team brawler lacks attention to the little details
      Audeze MM-500 review: planar magnetic comes at a premium
      Sihoo Doro S300 review: A space-age office chair
      Sonic the Hedgehog 3 film review - a fitting finale for the Year of Shadow
      Cambridge Audio Melomania P100 review: A genuine disruptor
      Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp Complete review - ditching the microtransactions for a more forgiving experience
      Mythwrecked: Ambrosia Island review - a repetitive if inoffensive offering of the gods
Top Discussions
      What we've been playing - Loot fountains, Indy delights, and layers of game trifle
      123
      Naughty Dog was sold to Sony because the "stress of ballooning budgets was enormous" says co-founder
      34
      Elden Ring Nightreign has removed one of Elden Ring's most iconic features
      9


                                         File: 2007 07 15_Eurogamer net_UFO Extraterrestrials.pdf
                                          URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/ufo-extraterrestrials-review
Eurogamer.net is owned by Gamer Network Limited, an IGN Entertainment company and subsidiary of Ziff Davis. © 2025 Gamer
Network Limited, 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. Company number 03882481. All rights reserved.
No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission.
      Helpful Links
      About Us
      Advertise with us
      Archive
      Authors
      Contact Us
      Corporate Site
      Interactive Maps
       Manage push notifications
      Newsletters
      RSS Feeds
      Policies

      Code of Conduct
      Cookie Policy
      Do Not Sell My Personal Information
      Editorial Policy
      Privacy Policy
      Review Policy
      Terms & Conditions
      Gamer Network
      Dicebreaker
      Digital Foundry
      GamesIndustry.biz
      Jelly Deals
      Nintendo Life
      Pure Xbox
      Push Square
      Rock Paper Shotgun
      Time Extension
      VG247
      VGC
      Across Europe
      Eurogamer.cz
      Eurogamer.de
      Eurogamer.es
      Eurogamer.nl
      Eurogamer.pl
      Eurogamer.pt


                                     File: 2007 07 15_Eurogamer net_UFO Extraterrestrials.pdf
                                      URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/ufo-extraterrestrials-review
