{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T12:43:06Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 90248, "source_ctime_ns": 1790193722888037831, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-02-08_Ocala-StarBanner_Another-outspoken-trio-of-chicks.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790193722883345909, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-02-08_Ocala-StarBanner_Another-outspoken-trio-of-chicks.pdf", "source_sha256": "50d4ab6122a18bd9d562650adda705e94eba00950c4923e48853b1fa26ba0b49"}

Skip to main content

Another outspoken trio of chicks


BY RICK ALLEN STAR-BANNER | Ocala Star-Banner
The term "Southern fried" generally refers to some protein source - chicken, tofu, roadkill - rolled in a batter of spices and deep fried
so it's hot and crispy on the outside but tender and juicy inside.
So take three daughters of the South, roll 'em in the spice of their lives, mix 'em under the heat of stage lights and you get the
Southern Fried Chicks.
It's a recipe for common-touch comedy anchored on three women, whipped up as chaser to the aperitif (a pair a what?) of the
successful, mantastic Blue Collar Comedy Tour back yonder.
The Southern-fried entree will be served in Lecanto and Ocala this weekend as part of the Performing Arts menu presented by the
Central Florida Community College Foundation.
The Southern Fried Chicks - Karen Mills, Leanne Morgan and Etta May; urban, suburban and white trash - take the stage at
Lecanto's Curtis Peterson Auditorium at 3 p.m. Sunday and the CFCC Fine Arts stage the following night at 7:30.
Each chick soloes about 30 minutes, with all three on stage for some wrap-up improv and Q and A. Mostly, their routines are honed
from the separate Southern roads they've walked - or claimed to have walked, anyway.
By most reports, these Chicks may be Southern-fried, but audiences South and North, East and West are uniformly adoring.
"We're playing to packed auditoriums everywhere we go," says Mills - the "urban" chick. "I grew up in a rural small town, but now
I'm a city girl. I live downtown, I love sushi ..."
She's also a certified sports star, an All-American and Hall of Famer in women's basketball at the University of Tennessee in
Chattanooga, where she currently lives.
Working for a mortgage broker in Atlanta, Mills discovered a talent for humor during amateur nights at the Punchline, a comedy club
there. Eventually, she became a headliner.
"It's better than any job I've had," she says.
The "suburban" Morgan plans to hang around Central Florida for a while after the show. With her husband, Chuck, and her three
children - 9, 11 and 13 - she's going to Disney World for a week.
Described as "Scarlett O'Hara turned soccer mom," Morgan exudes traditional Southern charm; her side of a telephone
conversation is liberally sprinkled with "honey" and "darlin'Ê" and "precious" - even as she shivers from an icy wind in a Knoxville,
Tenn., parking lot.
"I'm so blessed, honey. I know God has had his hand on me," she says. "I've skipped so many of the bad stages most comedians go
through, sleeping in the car, bars where everybody's falling down drunk."
Her routines revolve around her "anal-retentive conservative Republican" husband and their kids.
"I'm living suburbia; I have three kids and I drive - well I used to drive - a minivan," Morgan says. "I'm not smart enough to make up
any of this stuff."
She has appeared on ABC's "The View," was a finalist at a Las Vegas Comedy Festival and was a finalist on Nickelodeon's
"Funniest Moms in America."
And if she could, she'd change "the perception others have about us here in the South."
Speaking of Southern stereotypes, there's Etta May, whose bio claims she's "white trash." Her talk can be as rough as No. 10
sandpaper.
Moreover, she revels in her "white trashness."

                                     File: 2007 02 08_Ocala StarBanner_Another outspoken trio of chicks.pdf
                          URL: https://www.ocala.com/story/news/2007/02/08/another-outspoken-trio-of-chicks/31185494007/
"I come from a long line of people proud to be white trash," May says. "We're thankful for our food stamps and bus fare."
Another advantage is seeing UFOs. "At least I think they're UFOs; it could be we're so drunk that if somebody throws a beer can
we see something shiny overhead and think it's a UFO."
Now, if you promise not to tell anyone, one of the Chicks technically is not Southern; in fact, "Etta May" may not even be her real
name.
Rumor has it, and the Asheville (N.C.) Mountain Xpress printed this as fact once, she once responded to the name "Brenda Ferrari"
- an Iowan who had a small part in the film "A League of Their Own."
No one talks about it though; it's a what-happens-in-the-South-stays-in-the-South kind of thing.
"I'm not going to say anything," Mills says of Etta May.
"We're all scared of her," adds Morgan.
But May scoffs at the rumor. "I've had to change my name a few times because I wrote some bad checks. But it's Etta May and
we'll go with it."
Rick Allen can be reached at rick.allen@starbanner.com or 867-4122.
      MORGAN My husband got a buzz cut like Bruce Willis or Sting; we didn't know his head was pointed. And he said,
      "I look like somebody but I can't quite figure out who." And I said, "Is it Bull on 'Night Court'?"
      MILLS I love working the South because so much of my comedy writes itself. I was going through Alabama and saw
      a sign for the Alabama Shakespeare Festival. Imagine that production of "Romeo and Juliet."
      I'm on the road so much I got a radar detector. Now that's a handy device because it lets you know the moment that
      you're caught.
      ETTA MAY Any deer hunters out there? Can you answer me, how come my husband can sit in a field in Wisconsin in
      November freezing his butt off, take a rifle, aim that rifle, shoot a deer at 100 yards right between the eyes, then come
      home and pee all over the toilet seat?
      source: www.corporateartists.com

SOUTHERN-FRIED CHICKISMS
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Cardiologist Begs Brits To Throw Out This 1 Food ImmediatelyNew Energy Findings
Undo
Physiotherapist: "This Is The Worst Enemy of Arthritis"Vital Health Findings
Undo
Millions of Brits Are Cancelling Amazon Prime After Discovering This Smart TrickKarma Shopping
Undo
Stuck in Depression? A Brain Switch Helps Reset Your MoodNurosym
 Learn More
Undo
Co-Founder of Google Brain, Andrew Ng, Recommends: 5 Books For Turning Your Life AroundBlinkist: Andrew Ng's Reading
List
Undo
Doctors Reveal: If You Drink Οlive Οil Every Day After 50, This is What HappensFull Nutrition Secrets
Undo


                                    File: 2007 02 08_Ocala StarBanner_Another outspoken trio of chicks.pdf
                         URL: https://www.ocala.com/story/news/2007/02/08/another-outspoken-trio-of-chicks/31185494007/
      Help
      Terms of Service
      Subscription Terms & Conditions
      Privacy Policy
      Site Map
      Accessibility
      Our Ethical Principles
      Responsible Disclosure
          Your Privacy Choices
© Copyright Gannett 2025
Keep on reading
Target opening 32 new locations in US, with 6 in these Florida citiesTarget announced Thursday that the company was opening 32
new locations in the U.S., with six of them in Florida. Here's where.Ocala
Undo
                                   File: 2007 02 08_Ocala StarBanner_Another outspoken trio of chicks.pdf
                        URL: https://www.ocala.com/story/news/2007/02/08/another-outspoken-trio-of-chicks/31185494007/
Cardiologist Begs Brits To Throw Out This 1 Food ImmediatelyNew Energy Findings|
SponsoredSponsored
Undo
Physiotherapist: "This Is The Worst Enemy of Arthritis"Vital Health Findings|
SponsoredSponsored
Undo
Buddy MacKay, who served as Florida's governor for 23 days, dead at 91Kenneth "Buddy" MacKay, Florida's most recent
Democratic governor who took office on the death of Gov. Lawton Chiles, has died at age 91.Ocala
Undo
Ocala judge sentences habitual offender to life in prison for carjacking with a firearmHere's a look at court cases heard at the Marion
County Judicial Center the week of Dec. 16.Ocala
Undo
Geoffrey Owens: 'The Cosby Show' actor still struggles to make livingGeoffrey Owens, known for his role in "The Cosby Show,"
made headlines in 2018 for working as a cashier at a New Jersey Trader Joe's.Ocala
Undo
Pre-dawn crash kills motorcyclist, 37, in SW Ocala, FloridaA two-vehicle crash in southwest Ocala kills one man and injuries a
woman early Thursday in On Top of the World. Here's what we know:Ocala
Undo
IRS stimulus checks going out to 1 million taxpayersDo you qualify for any of the 1 million stimulus checks the Internal Revenue
Service is sending out? Maximum payment is $1,400.Ocala
Undo
Millions of Brits Are Cancelling Amazon Prime After Discovering This Smart TrickBefore renewing Amazon Prime, don’t miss this
simple trick to save big!Karma Shopping|
SponsoredSponsored
Undo
Stuck in Depression? A Brain Switch Helps Reset Your MoodA Breakthrough Discovery is a Life-Changer for
Thousands.Nurosym|
SponsoredSponsored
 Learn More
Undo
Aldi opening new stores in 9 states, Florida locations includedAldi is continuing its expansion plans with 17 new locations opening
across nine states, and three of them are opening in these Florida cities.Ocala
Undo
Silver Springs, Florida motorcycle rider killed in single-vehicle crashFor the second time in two days, a motorcyclist has died in a
crash on Marion County roads. Here's what we know:Ocala
Undo


                                    File: 2007 02 08_Ocala StarBanner_Another outspoken trio of chicks.pdf
                         URL: https://www.ocala.com/story/news/2007/02/08/another-outspoken-trio-of-chicks/31185494007/
