{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T16:15:46Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 177509, "source_ctime_ns": 1790326841577314994, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-08-12_Snopes-com_Does-Footage-Show-UFOs-Flying-Over-Haiti-and-the-Dominican-Republic.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790326841518158027, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-08-12_Snopes-com_Does-Footage-Show-UFOs-Flying-Over-Haiti-and-the-Dominican-Republic.pdf", "source_sha256": "c624905a62ff5ac43b32c4691a17f405c0c6e1af16cde6f0c8db5b0caa9f84a7"}

Become a Member

Search Search Snopes...

My Profile
Logout
Submit a Rumor
Latest
Trending
News & Politics
Entertainment
Fact Checks
Quiz
Sections
Latest
Trending
Fact Checks
News
Collections
More
Contact Us
Submit a Rumor
Archives
Quiz
FactBot
Newsletters
About Us
Categories
News & Politics
Entertainment
Science & Technology
Lifestyle
Free accounts support our journalism Become a Member
Login My Profile Logout
Fact Check

Does Footage Show UFOs Flying Over Haiti and the Dominican Republic?

A series of videos depicting mysterious aircrafts hovering over palm trees went viral and began cropping up on
message boards.
David Mikkelson
Published Aug. 12, 2007


Image courtesy of YouTube/Barzolff814
Claim:
Video clip shows UFOs over Haiti.
Rating:

False
About this rating
Origins: A series of videos that hit the Internet in mid-2007, all of them showing UFOs over various cities around the world, including Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic (The original example
titled "MUST SEE August 2007 Haiti UFOS" is no longer available on YouTube):
                              File: 2007 08 12_Snopes com_Does Footage Show UFOs Flying Over Haiti and the Dominican Republic.pdf
                                                        URL: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/ufos-over-haiti/
https://www.youtube.com/v/mos9-LReoWQ
They're digital creations which, according to the Los Angeles Times, were put together by someone identified only as "Barzolff" in connection with a feature film project:
      The 35-year-old Barzolff is a professional animator who attended one of the most prestigious art schools in France and has a decade of experience with computer graphics and
      commercial animation.
      It took Barzolff a total of 17 hours to make both the Haiti and Dominican Republic videos. He did it all by himself using a MacBook Pro and a suite of commercially available 3-D
      animation programs, including Vue 6. The videos are 100% computer-generated.
      The videos, he said, were intended as research for a feature film project he's been working on with Partizan, the France-based production company responsible for, among others,
      Michel Gondry's "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind."
      When contacted to verify the story, "Eternal Sunshine" producer Georges Bermann said it was all true, and that Barzolff was "an absolute genius" who could "make anything look entirely
      real."
      To prove that he was truly behind the videos, Barzolff agreed to provide the L.A. Times with a new spacecraft video. Called "Proof," the video depicts a small version of one of the
      spacecraft floating above a Paris street. As the camera pans over, the viewer sees two elderly women at a cafe. One of whom is holding a remote control device. Humorously, of course,
      this video makes use of computer graphics as well.
      The movie Barzolff is working on for the big screen is about two guys who create a UFO hoax so realistic that it spirals out of their control. "For better or worse," said Barzolff, who
      cited being "overwhelmed" by the response to his video as one of the reasons he didn't want to go public with his name.
      Barzolff stressed the videos were not intended as a viral marketing ploy. His movie is still in the idea phase, and he created the hoax strictly as a "sociological experiment" — in other
      words, just to see what would happen.

Sources

Sarno, David. "It Came from Outer Space." Los Angeles Times. 22 August 2007.

By David Mikkelson
David Mikkelson founded the site now known as snopes.com back in 1994.

Article Tags
UFOs Oddities Social Media Hoaxes
Snopes.com


Company
About Us
FAQs
Contact Us
Submit a Topic
Navigate
Home
Search
Archive
Newsletters
Random
Sections
Latest
Top
Fact Checks
News
Account
Join
Login
Game
FactBot
Like Us on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter
© 1995 - 2025 by Snopes Media Group Inc.
This material may not be reproduced without permission.
Snopes and the Snopes.com logo are registered service marks of Snopes.com
Terms of Use Privacy Policy DMCA Policy


      Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development

      Store and/or access information on a device
      How can I change my choice?
      What if I don't consent?
      How does legitimate interest work?
      Do I have to consent to everything?
Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 151 TCF vendor(s) and
64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.
Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or
withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.
                              File: 2007 08 12_Snopes com_Does Footage Show UFOs Flying Over Haiti and the Dominican Republic.pdf
                                                        URL: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/ufos-over-haiti/
Consent Manage options


                    File: 2007 08 12_Snopes com_Does Footage Show UFOs Flying Over Haiti and the Dominican Republic.pdf
                                              URL: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/ufos-over-haiti/
