{"created_utc": "2026-09-15T05:03:10Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 372807, "source_ctime_ns": 1788551389296103983, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-02-05_Eurogamer-net_UFO-Afterlight.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788551389284012510, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-02-05_Eurogamer-net_UFO-Afterlight.pdf", "source_sha256": "84a56bd30abfb8fe31985fd2835817ebab09765a308d61cb0c2cb7a7f497cbcf"}

If you click on a link and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. Read our editorial policy.
Here's a daft hypothetical question for you. If, for the rest of the year, you could only play games made in one country, and that
country couldn't be one of the big four (America, Japan, Canada, and the UK) which nation would you choose? Being a lover of
strategy and simulations, Russia's pretty tempting (1C:Maddox, Eagle Dynamics, Nival...) as is Sweden (home to Simbin, DICE and
Paradox). Ultimately though, I think I'd probably have to plump for the Czech Republic. Eleven months of nothing but Operation
Flashpoint/Armed Assault, Hidden & Dangerous 2, Mafia, and Altar's UFO series would be rather agreeable I reckon.

Illegal aliens
Afterlight, the third UFO title, would be a particularly useful game to have in your ration pile because it satisfies several different
appetites at the same time. Half globe-trotting grand strategy, half tactical wargame, half RPG, and half management sim (Mr Birch,
my old maths teacher, would be so proud of me) it blends genres with the same effortless proficiency its inspiration displayed 14
years ago. As in X-COM, the name of the game is battling alien invaders with a band of soldiers, boffins, and mechanics. The twist
on this occasion is that you and your outfit are invaders too. Exiled to Mars by a race of grey-skinned, almond-eyed ETs known as
the Reticulans (see UFO: Aftershock for the full back-story) you quickly find yourself at odds with the mysterious locals. Later other
immigrants arrive and the turf war gets really complicated.


      Early on the 'all stand in a line and fire' tactic is the only one you'll need.
Conflict revolves around the territories that patchwork the Martian surface. The more of these you control, the more resources you
have at your disposal to spend on base enhancement and the equipping and training of your band of bold refugees. Initially conquest
is dead simple. Just roll a vehicle into an unoccupied region and it's yours to develop. Problems arise when the neutral areas run out
and claimed territories start getting infiltrated. When a message comes through that one of your regions has been invaded it's up to
you to rustle-up a posse from your base personnel, kit them out, and get them onto an outbound shuttle (the 'UFO'). This vessel then
chugs across the spherical strat-map (the 'geoscape') and touches down, triggering the start of delicate combat choreography of the
Jagged Alliance variety.
Actually the skirmish choreography doesn't have to be JA-like or particularly delicate. Afterlight can do slow and turny, fast and
fluid, or anything in between. Essentially, you choose when you want the action to freeze. Want breaks every time a team member
gets hit, a new threat is detected, or a move order is completed? Set the appropriate pause parameters in the options menu and
you've got them. After complete fluency? Just deselect all interruptions. The system is great once you've got the hang of it but can be
rather alarming at first. By default the game pauses at every possible juncture meaning firefights are horribly fragmented until you've
adjusted the settings.

                                               File: 2007 02 05_Eurogamer net_UFO Afterlight.pdf
                                               URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/ufo-afterlight-review
Poor boffins = more coffins


      Droids can be customised in dozens of ways.
So that's the grand strategy and the tac level side of things - what about the RPG and management dimensions? Well, assuming your
away team gets home, it will arrive back with pocketfuls of experience and training points. These can be used to inflate a range of
core stats (dexterity, strength, intuition, etc) and enrol on courses at the base's educational facility. Over time individuals, including
droids and the odd alien recruit, can be moulded into all kinds of specialists. For every stealthy sniper, beefy shotgun thug, or psi-
resistant medic you fashion you also need to nurture a similarly capable backroom boy/girl/thing. Scientists and technicians research
new blueprints, man the workshops that turn those blueprints into equipment, and crew the vehicles that drive out into the dusty
wastes to build the mines and chemical plants that produce the raw materials to supply the workshops that swallow the spiders that
catch the flys that... errr... Oh, you got the idea. Boffins and erks are vital to the functioning of a flourishing Mars outpost.
In terms of scope and replayability, Afterlight is up there with the likes of Total War. Decisions made in one area reverberate in
countless others. Though a plot does stick its oar in occasionally, you're basically free to expand as you see fit and forge alliances
with whomever you choose (oh yes, there's diplomacy too). The unfortunate yet tolerable price of all this freedom and power is a
rather sprawling interface and a somewhat uneven difficulty curve. Conducting base business means flitting backwards and forwards
between ten screens. A less atomised GUI, a few more automation options, and better tooltips would have made keeping on top of
things a lot simpler.


                                              File: 2007 02 05_Eurogamer net_UFO Afterlight.pdf
                                              URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/ufo-afterlight-review
      Every red target is a potential tactical mission.
The difficulty curve issues arise mainly on the battlefield. Much of the early opposition simply isn't tough or clever enough to ensure
exciting scraps. When the resistance does eventually stiffen it stiffens frighteningly quickly. One day your squads are turkey-shooting
gangs of bovine beastmen and swarms of feeble spiderbots, the next they're legging it from fearsome bulletproof spheres that roll up,
leap to chest height and sprout giant heart-skewering spikes. Possibly the scariest difficulty hike comes when you first cross
buzzsaws with the Reticulans. Within seconds of encountering this new foe my longest-serving veteran (a chap I'd shepherded
through dozens of engagements) had pulled a bomb from his backpack, planted it at the feet of his comrades and blown them all to
kingdom-come (he'd been mind-controlled). The team members that survived this tea-spillingly shocking incident were soon cut-
down by volleys of lethal rockets. Time for a quickload, a 'mission abort', and a serious rethink.
Even if the quality of the opposition rose a little more uniformly there'd still be some room for improvement within the skirmishes.
Compared to the dramatic aggro offered by tactical peers like Silent Storm, Afterlight's rumbles can a feel a tad anaemic. Modders
can probably do something about the weedy weapon sounds and the slightly bland AI (enemies seldom seek cover) but the shortage
of destructible scenery won't get rectified in a hurry.


                                              File: 2007 02 05_Eurogamer net_UFO Afterlight.pdf
                                              URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/ufo-afterlight-review
         Dome-sweet-dome.
When a game covers this much ground, a few weaknesses here and there are inevitable. Yes, you'll find sleeker interfaces and more
engaging gunfights in titles such as Silent Storm, Faces of War, and Jagged Alliance 2, but none of those games come with anything
half as involved or absorbing as Afterlight's amazing strategic layer.
So, if lately you've found yourself craving strategy titles that don't revolve around steering drag-selected clusters of friendly units
towards enemy bases, then this one is well-worth investigating. Those that have foolishly agreed to play nothing but Latvian games
until 2008 should start beating their foreheads against a convenient wall or tabletop round about... now.

Intellivision, Commodore 64, Atari 2600

NES, Sega Master System, Atari 7800
Mega Drive, SNES, CD-i
Atari Jaguar, Sega Saturn, PS1, N64

PS2, GameCube, Xbox, Dreamcast
PS3, Xbox 360, Wii
PS4, Xbox One, Switch

PS5, Xbox Series X/S
8 / 10
Find out how we conduct our reviews by reading our review policy.
In this article


                                             File: 2007 02 05_Eurogamer net_UFO Afterlight.pdf
                                             URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/ufo-afterlight-review
UFO: Afterlight
PC

      Follow
Related topics
PC
Eurogamer is better when you sign in
Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more!
Sign in with Google Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Reddit
Sign in with email


Latest News
      Atari's striking new Gamestation Go handheld features some really unusual hardware features
      Helldivers reveals Star Fox-style game concept, as it invites ideas for next project
      Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 players lament "battle passes in between battle passes" with Squid Game event
      The Rise of the Golden Idol designer reveals next game, and it's already got the Idol creators' seal of approval
      Apple Vision Pro £3500 headset reportedly no longer in production, as stock piles up
      Marvel Rivals' Season 1 heroes teased
      Stardew Valley continues its wholesome farming dominance with latest sales milestone
Latest Reviews
      Marvel Rivals review - snackable team brawler lacks attention to the little details
      Audeze MM-500 review: planar magnetic comes at a premium
      Sihoo Doro S300 review: A space-age office chair
      Sonic the Hedgehog 3 film review - a fitting finale for the Year of Shadow
      Cambridge Audio Melomania P100 review: A genuine disruptor
      Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp Complete review - ditching the microtransactions for a more forgiving experience
      Mythwrecked: Ambrosia Island review - a repetitive if inoffensive offering of the gods
Top Discussions
      What we've been playing - Loot fountains, Indy delights, and layers of game trifle
      118


                                           File: 2007 02 05_Eurogamer net_UFO Afterlight.pdf
                                           URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/ufo-afterlight-review
Eurogamer.net is owned by Gamer Network Limited, an IGN Entertainment company and subsidiary of Ziff Davis. © 2025 Gamer
Network Limited, 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. Company number 03882481. All rights reserved.
No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission.
      Helpful Links
      About Us
      Advertise with us
      Archive
      Authors
      Contact Us
      Corporate Site
      Interactive Maps
       Manage push notifications
      Newsletters
      RSS Feeds
      Policies

      Code of Conduct
      Cookie Policy
      Do Not Sell My Personal Information
      Editorial Policy
      Privacy Policy
      Review Policy
      Terms & Conditions
      Gamer Network
      Dicebreaker
      Digital Foundry
      GamesIndustry.biz
      Jelly Deals
      Nintendo Life
      Pure Xbox
      Push Square
      Rock Paper Shotgun
      Time Extension
      VG247
      VGC
      Across Europe
      Eurogamer.cz
      Eurogamer.de
      Eurogamer.es
      Eurogamer.nl
      Eurogamer.pl
      Eurogamer.pt


                                        File: 2007 02 05_Eurogamer net_UFO Afterlight.pdf
                                        URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/ufo-afterlight-review
