{"created_utc": "2026-10-09T12:13:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30631, "source_ctime_ns": 1790783087309509250, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20070701-Re_Remote-sensor-using-a-Wild-Blue-internet-interface-56605.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790783086783695253, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20070701-Re_Remote-sensor-using-a-Wild-Blue-internet-interface-56605.pdf", "source_sha256": "3cb059106bfc62423142e7de67edea8e6781f5a22de57df295c67e9e8905656b"}

Can.


  Subject: Can.
  From: "john f winston" <johnfwin@mlode.com>
  Date: 01/07/2007, 06:37
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Those Strange Objects Being Seen Lately.                                          June 30, 2007.
    Here is an explanation of the strange objects that are being seen
  lately in our sky at close range.
  ..........................................................................
  ..........................................................................
    This is an important read guys.
    The alien symbolism is more than just a language , the symbols when
  drawn are energy functional!!!
    Photo's were taken of flying devices that by accident, malfunctioning
  cloaking of them revealed under wing markings that this man recognized as
  something alien he's been working on. A sensible explanation for them. Be
  sure to read all of it... An incredible updating.
              Explanation of the Recent "Strange Craft" Sightings
    Here is the brief introduction. I'm using the alias Isaac, and used to
  work in what was called the CARET program in the 80's. During my time
  there, I worked with a lot of the technology that is clearly at work
  in the recent drone/strange craft sightings, most notably the
  "language" and diagrams seen on the underside of each craft. What
  follows is a lengthy letter about who I am, what I know, and what
  these sightings are (probably) all about.
    The appearance of these photos has convinced me to release at least
  some of the numerous photographs and photocopied documents I still
  possess some 20 years later that can explain a great deal about these
  sightings. On this site you will find some of these. They are available
  as high resolution scans that I am giving away free, PROVIDED THEY ARE
  NOT MODIFIED IN ANY WAY AND ARE KEPT TOGETHER ALONG WITH THIS WRITTEN
  MATERIAL.
    I am also trying to get in touch with the witnesses so far, such as
  Chad, Rajman, Jenna, Ty, and the Lake Tahoe witness (especially Chad).
  I have advice for them that may be somewhat helpful in dealing with
  what they've seen and what I would recommend they do with what they
  know. If you are one of these witnesses, or can put me in touch with
  them, please contact Coast to Coast AM and let them know.
    My Experience with the CARET Program and Extra-terrestrial
  Technology Isaac, June 2007
    This letter is part of a package I've assembled for Coast to Coast AM
  to distribute to its audience. It is a companion to numerous document
  and photo scans and should not be separated from them.
    You can call me Isaac, an alias I've chosen as a simple measure of
  protection while I release what would be called tremendously sensitive
  information even by todays standards. 94 is not necessarily synonymous
  with dangerous, though, which is why my conscience is clear as I offer
  this material up for the public. My government has its reasons for its
  continual s-crecy, and I sympathize with many of them, but the truth is
  that I'm getting old and I'm not interested in meeting my maker one day
  with any more baggage than necessary! Furthermore, I put a little more
  faith in humanity than my former bosses do, and I think that a release
  of at least some of this info could help a lot more than it could hurt,
  especially in today's world.
    I should be clear before I begin, as a final note: I am not
  interested in making myself vulnerable to the consequences of betraying
  the trust of my superiors and will not divulge any personal information
  that could determine my identity. However my intent is not to deceive,
  so information that I think is too risky to share will be simply left
  out rather than obfuscated in some way (aside from my alias, which I
  freely admit is not my real name). I would estimate that with the
  information contained in this letter, I could be narrowed down to one
  of maybe 30-50 people at best, so I feel reasonably secure.
                        Some Explanation for the Recent Sightings


20070701-Re_Remote sensor using a Wild Blue internet interface-56605.html[12/03/2022 10:19:08]
Can.

    For many years I've occasionally considered the release of at least
  some of the material I possess, but the recent wave of photos and
  sightings has prompted me to cut to the chase and do so now.
    I should first be clear that I'm not directly familiar with any of
  the crafts seen in the photos in their entirety. I've never seen them
  in a hangar or worked on them myself or seen aliens zipping around in
  them. However, I have worked with and seen many of the parts visible
  in these crafts, some of which can be seen in the Q3-85 Inventory
  Review scan found at the top of this page. More importantly though,
  I'm very familiar with the language on their undersides seen clearly
  in photos by Chad and Rajman, and in another form in the Big Basin
  photos.
    One question I can answer for sure is why they're suddenly here.
  These crafts have probably existed in their current form for decades,
  and I can say for sure that the technology behind them has existed
  for decades before that. The language, in fact, (I'll explain shortly
  why I keep putting that in quotes) was the subject of my work in
  years past. I'll cover that as well.
    The reason they're suddenly visible, however, is another matter
  entirely. These crafts, assuming they're anything like the hardware
  I worked with in the 80's (assuming they're better, in fact), are
  equipped with technology that enables invisibility. That ability can
  be controlled both on board the craft, and remotely. However, what's
  important in this case is that this invisibility can also be
  disrupted by other technology. Think of it like radar jamming. I
  would bet my life savings (since I know this has happened before)
  that these craft are becoming visible and then returning to
  invisibility arbitrarily, probably unintentionally, and undoubtedly
  for only short periods, due to the activity of a kind of disrupting
  technology being set off elsewhere, but nearby. I'm especially sure
  of this in the case of the Big Basin sightings, were the witnesses
  themselves reported seeing the craft just appear and disappear. This
  is especially likely because of the way the witness described one of
  the appearances being only a momentary flicker, which is consistent
  with the unintentional, intermittent triggering of such a device.
    It's no surprise that these sightings are all taking place in
  California, and especially the Saratoga/South Bay area. Not far from
  Saratoga is Mountain View/Sunnyvale, home to Moffett Field and the
  N-SA Ames Research center.
    Again, I'd be willing to bet just about anything that the device
  capable of hijacking the cloaking of these nearby craft was
  inadvertently triggered, probably during some kind of experiment, at
  the exact moment they were being seen. Miles away, in Big Basin, the
  witnesses were in the right place at the right time and saw the
  results of this disruption with their own eyes.
    G-d knows what else was suddenly appearing in the skies at that
  moment, and who else may have seen it. I've had some direct contact
  with this device, or at least a device capable of the same thing,
  and this kind of mistake is not unprecedented. I am personally aware
  of at least one other incident in which this kind of technology was
  accidentally set off, resulting in the sudden visibility of normally
  invisible things. The only difference is that these days, cameras are
  a lot more common!
    The technology itself isn't ours, or at least it wasn't in the
  80's. Much like the technology in these crafts themselves, the device
  capable of remotely hijacking a vehicle's clacking comes from a
  non-human source too. Why we were given this technology has never
  been clear to me, but it's responsible for a lot. Our having access
  to this kind of device, along with our occasionally haphazard
  experimentation on them, has lead to everything from cloaking
  malfunctions like this to full-blown crashes. I can assure you that
  most (and in my opinion all) incidents of UFO crashes or that kind
  of thing had more to do with our meddling with extremely powerful
  technology at an inopportune time than it did mechanical failure on
  their part. Trust me, those things don't fail unless something even
  more powerful than them makes them fail (intentionally or not).
  Think of it like a stray bullet. You can be hit by one at any time,
  without warning, and even the shooter didn't intent to hit you. I
  can assure you heads are rolling over this as well. If anyone notices
  a brilliant but sloppy physicist patrolling the streets of Baghdad
  in the next couple weeks, I'd be willing to guess how he got there.
  (I kid, of course, as I certainly hope that hasn't actually happened
  in this case).
       I'd now like to explain how it is that I know this.
                                           The CARET Program


20070701-Re_Remote sensor using a Wild Blue internet interface-56605.html[12/03/2022 10:19:08]
Can.


    My story begins the same as it did for many of my co workers, with
  graduate and post-graduate work at university in electrical engineering.
  And I had always been interested in computer science, which was a very
  new field at the time, and my interest piqued with my first exposure
  to a Tixo during grad school. In the years following school I took a
  scenic route through the tech industry and worked for the kinds of
  companies you would expect, until I was offered a job at the
  Department of De-ense and things took a very different turn.
    My time at the D-D was mostly uneventful but I was there for quite
  a while. I apparently proved myself to be reasonably intelligent and
  loyal. By 1984 these qualities along with my technical background
  made me a likely candidate for a new program they were recruiting
  for called Caret.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20070701-Re_Remote sensor using a Wild Blue internet interface-56605.html[12/03/2022 10:19:08]
