{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T15:58:50Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 132541, "source_ctime_ns": 1790197406708152468, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-03-08_Social-Identities---Vol-13-No-2---Saethre.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790197406664291726, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-03-08_Social-Identities---Vol-13-No-2---Saethre.pdf", "source_sha256": "b90ec9daa358cb133c31e78777a12d5cec746b21d9e57c3dc0029c49b09576b0"}

This article was downloaded by: [Temple University Libraries]
On: 05 January 2015, At: 15:31
Publisher: Routledge
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered
office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK


                                  Social Identities: Journal for the Study
                                  of Race, Nation and Culture
                                  Publication details, including instructions for authors and
                                  subscription information:
                                  http://www.tandfonline.com/loi/csid20

                                  UFOs, Otherness, and Belonging:
                                  Identity in Remote Aboriginal Australia
                                  Eirik Saethre
                                  Published online: 08 Mar 2007.


To cite this article: Eirik Saethre (2007) UFOs, Otherness, and Belonging: Identity in Remote
Aboriginal Australia, Social Identities: Journal for the Study of Race, Nation and Culture, 13:2,
217-233, DOI: 10.1080/13504630701235820

To link to this article: http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/13504630701235820


PLEASE SCROLL DOWN FOR ARTICLE

Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the
“Content”) contained in the publications on our platform. However, Taylor & Francis,
our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to
the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content. Any opinions
and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors,
and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis. The accuracy of the Content
should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources
of information. Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims,
proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever
or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or
arising out of the use of the Content.

This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes. Any
substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing,
systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden. Terms &
Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-
and-conditions
                                                                       Social Identities
                                                                       Vol. 13, No. 2, March 2007, pp. 217  233


                                                                       UFOs, Otherness, and Belonging:
                                                                       Identity in Remote Aboriginal
                                                                       Australia
                                                                       Eirik Saethre


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       UFO beliefs exist around the world yet they have been almost exclusively analysed within
                                                                       the context of urban American society. This article seeks to understand the ways in which
                                                                       people from differing social and cultural backgrounds also engage in UFO narratives. In
                                                                       a remote Aboriginal desert community in Central Australia, descriptions of UFOs merge
                                                                       popular and media portrayals of extraterrestrials with elements and themes found in
                                                                       local Aboriginal cosmology. Consequently, Aboriginal narratives regarding extraterres-
                                                                       trial beings are able to both reflect the local social environment of race relations and
                                                                       affirm Aboriginal identity.


                                                                       Images of UFOs and extraterrestrials have permeated much of the world through
                                                                       television shows, movies, and science fiction novels. Since the first sighting of a flying
                                                                       saucer in 1947, the number of UFO enthusiasts has grown considerably. A poll
                                                                       estimated that 27 per cent of adult Americans accept that extraterrestrials have landed
                                                                       on earth (Gallup & Newport, 1991, p. 145). Jacobs (1992) calculates that as many as
                                                                       15 million Americans could be victims of alien abductions, while the country with the
                                                                       second largest number of abduction reports is the United Kingdom (Mack, 1994,
                                                                       p. 12). In Australia, one poll revealed that 42 per cent of respondents believed in
                                                                       aliens (Chalker, 1996, p. 1). Statistics such as these have led some researchers to
                                                                       conclude that UFOs and alien abductions are the domain of ‘the West’ (Mack, 1994,
                                                                       p. 11; Randles, 1988, p. 158).
                                                                          Research among UFO enthusiasts has largely focused upon individuals living in
                                                                       first world nation states who endorse what I refer to as popularised notions of UFOs:
                                                                       flying saucers, hyper-intelligent extraterrestrials, government conspiracies, and alien
                                                                       abductions. A great deal of scholarly literature attempts to link the historical and
                                                                       contemporary anxieties of life in multi-cultural industrialised nations with notions of

                                                                       Eirik Saethre, Department of Anthropology and Archaeology, University of Pretoria, Pretoria 0002, South Africa.
                                                                       Email: eirik.saethre@up.ac.za

                                                                       ISSN 1350-4630 (print)/ISSN 1363-0296 (online) # 2007 Taylor & Francis
                                                                       DOI: 10.1080/13504630701235820
                                                                       218 E. Saethre

                                                                       extraterrestrials, particularly abductions (Dean, 1997; Partridge, 2004; Saler et al.,
                                                                       1997; Sturma, 2000). While this research provides a valuable contribution to
                                                                       understanding UFO beliefs, it tends to focus almost exclusively on the perceptions
                                                                       and experiences of ‘Western’ ‘white’ people, ignoring interpretations of indigenous
                                                                       minority groups who inhabit first world nation states but possess differing social
                                                                       histories and cosmologies.
                                                                          Since 1969, when Chief Qötshongva claimed that extraterrestrials had influenced
                                                                       the history and culture of the Hopi people, some Native Americans have publicly
                                                                       asserted that UFO phenomena have always been an accepted reality of indigenous life
                                                                       (Rothstein, 2003, p. 261). In 1996, Sioux, Hopi, Iroquois, Choctaw, Oneida, Seneca,
                                                                       Yaqui, Mayan, Maori, and Saami individuals participated in the Star Knowledge


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       Conference, a forum in which indigenous knowledge of extraterrestrials was shared
                                                                       with non-indigenous UFO enthusiasts (Boylan, 1996). Throughout the world,
                                                                       colonised minorities in settler states where UFO beliefs are popular, such as the
                                                                       United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand have been considered to possess a
                                                                       special awareness of extraterrestrials.1 Despite the prevalence of indigenous UFO
                                                                       beliefs, scholarly research that grounds these narratives in the social, cultural, or
                                                                       economic setting of indigenous communities within first world nation states is
                                                                       noticeably absent.
                                                                          In Australia, as in other settler states, there exists an indigenous minority who were
                                                                       forcibly settled on reserves and compelled to speak a language not their own. Today
                                                                       Aboriginal people across Australia suffer from higher rates of unemployment,
                                                                       violence, poverty, and ill health than do non-Aboriginal people. Consequently,
                                                                       differences between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal people can be a source of tension,
                                                                       complaint, and resentment. This is certainly true in the remote regions of the
                                                                       continent, where indigenous Australians live in small settlements, rely upon services
                                                                       provided by non-Aboriginal people, and share a cosmology that is tied to the
                                                                       Dreaming and ancestors. But despite the remoteness of many Aboriginal commu-
                                                                       nities, television and video players abound which expose indigenous individuals to
                                                                       popular media messages, including those of UFOs.
                                                                          While conducting fieldwork in a remote Aboriginal community in Central
                                                                       Australia from 1996 to 1999, I discovered that discussions regarding extraterrestrials
                                                                       and flying saucers were common. Many residents considered the community to be a
                                                                       centre of UFO activity. I encountered a number of people who imparted detailed
                                                                       information regarding the activities of the aliens and interviewed 18 individuals who
                                                                       claimed to have personally sighted a UFO.2 Descriptions of UFOs appeared to
                                                                       combine elements of popular media with themes of belonging and protection
                                                                       reminiscent of Aboriginal cosmological beings, notably the rainbow serpent.
                                                                       Furthermore, because UFO narratives comment upon issues such as racial difference,
                                                                       land ownership, and Aboriginality, they are capable of reflecting attitudes regarding
                                                                       the social environment of the community. Stories of superhuman extraterrestrial
                                                                       beings demonstrate and legitimate Aboriginal identity and the right of Aboriginal
                                                                       people to traditional land.
                                                                                                                                          Social Identities   219

                                                                          Building on the theories of other social scientists examining UFO narratives, I will
                                                                       begin by reviewing the origins of popular conceptions of UFOs, and examine how
                                                                       otherness can be portrayed through encounters with extraterrestrials. Then, after
                                                                       discussing the history and social and social environment of an Aboriginal community
                                                                       in Central Australia, the UFO beliefs of local inhabitants will be outlined. While
                                                                       employing concepts from popular media, Aboriginal UFO narratives are nevertheless
                                                                       situated within the local historical, cosmological, and social setting. Consequently,
                                                                       Aboriginal discussions of extraterrestrials demonstrate how global ideas can be
                                                                       borrowed and shared with others, while also incorporating and naturalising local
                                                                       social identities.


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       Encounters with Otherness
                                                                       Almost all popularised ideas and beliefs surrounding UFOs involve flying saucers
                                                                       (Saler et al., 1997, p. 134). On 24 June 1947 while flying his private plane near Mt
                                                                       Rainier, Washington, Kenneth Arnold saw nine shining discs which he described as
                                                                       flying ‘like a saucer would if you skipped it across the water’ (Peebles, 1994, p. 9).
                                                                       Arnold’s statement was misquoted in the press and flying saucers were born.
                                                                       Although Bartholomew and Howard (1998, p. 189) note ‘there is not a single
                                                                       recorded episode involving mass sightings of saucer-like objects before 1947’, the
                                                                       concept of flying saucers spread quickly. A poll taken a few months after Arnold’s
                                                                       sighting showed that only one out of two Americans had heard of the Marshall Plan
                                                                       but nine out of ten had heard about flying saucers (Lagrange, 2000, p. 34). Initially
                                                                       most saucer sightings were thought to be secret government aircraft but by the end of
                                                                       the 1940s the predominant explanation was extraterrestrial visitors (Bartholomew &
                                                                       Howard, 1998, p. 193; Curran, 1985, p. 16; Peebles, 1994, p. 24). The inhabitants of
                                                                       flying saucers were believed to be superhuman, possessing superior technology and
                                                                       intellect (Rothstein, 2003, p. 29; Saler et al., 1997, p. 131).
                                                                          Another predominant element in popularised UFO dialogues is a belief in the
                                                                       government suppression of information regarding flying saucers and extraterrestrials
                                                                       (Saler et al., 1997, p. 68). Allegations of crashed saucers, recovered alien bodies, and
                                                                       government cover-ups were present in one of the first full length books dedicated to
                                                                       UFOs, Behind the flying saucers (Scully, 1950), but it was 30 years later before these
                                                                       ideas gained wider acceptance and currency. This change was precipitated by Berlitz
                                                                       and Moore’s (1980) published account of an alleged flying saucer crash at Roswell
                                                                       New Mexico on 8 July 1947 that was subsequently denied by the government. A
                                                                       popular television series, The X-Files echoed conspiracy theories and portrayed
                                                                       members of the government as a sinister force acting in league with extraterrestrials
                                                                       to facilitate alien colonisation of the planet.
                                                                          Currently, the most prevalent element in accounts of UFO phenomenon is alien
                                                                       abductions. Publications on abductions significantly outnumber all other UFO
                                                                       materials combined (Whitmore, 1995, p. 66). The first, or at least first publicised,
                                                                       abduction story occurred on 19 September 1961, when Betty and Barney Hill were
                                                                       220 E. Saethre

                                                                       escorted aboard a landed saucer by short beings with large eyes, small mouths and
                                                                       grey skin, who communicated telepathically and conducted medical examinations on
                                                                       the couple (Fuller, 1966). More recently, Whitley Strieber (1987) has described his
                                                                       experiences of forced abductions and horrific physical examinations. Painful, and
                                                                       often sexual, procedures are one of the most common themes of abductions
                                                                       (Partridge, 2004, p. 172). Abductees and ‘believers’ studying abductions tend to state
                                                                       that the alien concern with human reproduction is linked to extraterrestrial plans to
                                                                       colonise the earth and the possible creation of a hybrid human-alien race to replace
                                                                       humanity (Dean, 1997, p. 57). Abduction narratives repeatedly cast the aliens as
                                                                       malevolent, demonic beings that show little concern for human life or dignity, and
                                                                       whose primary purpose is the destruction or significant alteration of humankind.


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                          It is settler societies such as the United States, Australia, and New Zealand that have
                                                                       been more receptive to UFO beliefs (Ellwood, 1995, p. 167). While studies have
                                                                       shown that media portrayals effect perceptions of UFOs (Bullard, 1989; Newman &
                                                                       Baumeister, 1996; Saler et al., 1997; Sparks et al., 1995, 1998), the prevalence of such
                                                                       media around the world would seem to indicate that other factors also contribute to
                                                                       this trend. One explanation asserts that popularised UFO beliefs reflect both
                                                                       historical and contemporary anxieties that accompany life in a multi-cultural state.
                                                                       For instance, several researchers have noted a family resemblance between current
                                                                       attitudes toward UFOs in the United States and those toward Indians during the
                                                                       frontier period in American history (Panay, 2004; Pfitzer, 1995; Sturma, 2000, 2002;
                                                                       Whitmore, 1995). Outer space has become the final frontier that, like the historic
                                                                       American West, is considered populated by hostile beings seeking to destroy
                                                                       civilization. Extraterrestrial plots to colonise earth, secret alien treaties with the
                                                                       government, alien abductions, and human-alien hybridization schemes are reminis-
                                                                       cent of settler fears of Indian attack and conquest, government treaties that limit
                                                                       settler expansion, captivity at the hands of Indians, and the dilution of racial purity
                                                                       through sexual intercourse with Indians.
                                                                          Abduction narratives are also considered to reflect current racial, ethnic, and cross-
                                                                       cultural anxiety in a post-colonial globalising world through a portrayal and
                                                                       emphasis of otherness (Dean, 1998). Captors do not speak to abductees nor does
                                                                       there seem to be any type of shared understanding between human and alien. The
                                                                       encounters are fearful, degrading, and devoid of humanity. Panay (2004, p. 214)
                                                                       writes that UFOs

                                                                            relate to cultural anxieties of personal invasion and community security, the
                                                                            meanings of progress and colonization, the construction of identity in perilous
                                                                            environments and the identification of ‘others’.

                                                                       In a world where peoples and cultures are intermingling, if not colliding, UFOs are
                                                                       one vehicle through which individuals are able to address issues of both race and
                                                                       culture.
                                                                          While examining responses to globalisation and cross-cultural interaction, most
                                                                       analyses of UFO beliefs do so from the perspective of non-indigenous people living in
                                                                                                                                           Social Identities   221

                                                                       the first world. But if UFO narratives are capable of expressing concerns over
                                                                       otherness, and if the aliens resemble Indians, then how do the proverbial ‘Indians’*
                                                                       indigenous people*conceptualise UFOs? I believe that UFO narratives among
                                                                       Warlpiri people in Central Australia also reflect attitudes towards cross-cultural
                                                                       interactions but from an indigenous perspective. Although concepts such as UFOs
                                                                       originated among non-Aboriginal people, Aboriginal discussions of extraterrestrials
                                                                       are nevertheless situated in both local cosmology and the social realities of settlement.
                                                                       Consequently, before examining Warlpiri UFO beliefs, it is important to review the
                                                                       history and social environment of the community.

                                                                       The Community


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       Prior to contact with Europeans, Warlpiri people were hunters and gatherers walking
                                                                       among sites in the Tanami Desert, where possessing an accurate knowledge of water
                                                                       sources was essential for survival. As European miners and pastoralists began to
                                                                       explore and settle Central Australia, violent disputes with Aboriginal people over the
                                                                       use of both land and water occurred (Peterson et al., 1978). From 1924 to 1929, the
                                                                       Tanami Desert experienced a severe drought, greatly reducing the availability of bush
                                                                       foods upon which nomadic Aboriginal people depended. In an effort to procure food
                                                                       from other sources, Warlpiri people began visiting white settlements in greater
                                                                       numbers (Meggitt, 1962, p. 24). The government’s desire to prevent Aboriginal
                                                                       people from crowding towns such as Alice Springs, coupled with the need for labour
                                                                       on cattle stations, led to the creation of Aboriginal settlements in the Tanami Desert.
                                                                       By 1955, it is estimated that two thirds of the Warlpiri population lived on
                                                                       settlements under the direct supervision of the Native Affairs Branch (Meggitt, 1962,
                                                                       p. 29).
                                                                          From 199699, I conducted field research in a Warlpiri community that had been
                                                                       established in the 1950s. Located over 500 kilometres from an urban centre and
                                                                       having a population of approximately 750 individuals, the community is classified as
                                                                       ‘very remote’. As in similar regions of the Northern Territory, Aboriginal residents of
                                                                       the community, who referred to themselves as yapa, possess little formal education,
                                                                       live in houses that are often overcrowded and in poor repair, are chronically
                                                                       unemployed or underemployed, often depend upon government payments as their
                                                                       primary form of income, and suffer from high rates of morbidity and mortality.
                                                                       Despite its remoteness a number of facilities were available to residents, including a
                                                                       shop, video store, takeaway, health centre, church, outstation resource centre,
                                                                       women’s centre, community government council, school, bank agent, and video-
                                                                       conferencing services. These services employed a skilled non-Aboriginal workforce of
                                                                       approximately forty ‘whitefellas’ or kardiya. All of the teachers, nurses, accountants,
                                                                       and managers in the community were kardiya.
                                                                          While yapa and kardiya residents interacted at places of work, outside this
                                                                       environment, the community could be physically, socially, and culturally segregating.
                                                                       Kardiya typically lived in a separate area of the community, where few yapa had
                                                                       222 E. Saethre

                                                                       homes. After working hours, most kardiya chose to socialise with each other, rarely
                                                                       inviting Aboriginal people into their homes. I never attended an after-hours social
                                                                       gathering organised by non-Aboriginal people that included a single Aboriginal
                                                                       person. Similarly, yapa social events, such as public cards games, hunting trips, and
                                                                       ceremonies, were seldom attended by kardiya. In addition to these activities, yapa
                                                                       also possessed a cosmology, with which kardiya rarely engaged. Whereas yapa
                                                                       consulted Warlpiri healers to determine if sorcery was the cause of their illness or
                                                                       refrained from swimming in unfamiliar rock pools to avoid angering the rainbow
                                                                       serpent, non-Aboriginal people generally did not. On the two occasions that kardiya
                                                                       chose to consult Warlpiri healers, yapa residents remarked that this was unnecessary
                                                                       because non-Aboriginal people were immune to sorcery and ghosts. Most Warlpiri


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       people regarded kardiya as completely unaffected by noumenal forces, while non-
                                                                       Aboriginal residents would often regard Warlpiri beliefs in these forces as super-
                                                                       stition.
                                                                          Although Aboriginal residents relied on non-Aboriginal workers to provide
                                                                       expertise, Warlpiri people often expressed resentment towards kardiya in general.
                                                                       For Warlpiri residents of the community, there was not only a pervasive division
                                                                       between kardiya and yapa but also a perception that Aboriginal people had been
                                                                       taken off their land, made ill, and disenfranchised by non-Aboriginal people. For
                                                                       instance, many Aboriginal people blamed high levels of illness in the community,
                                                                       particularly lifestyle diseases such as diabetes, on settlement and the introduction of
                                                                       foreign foods that were high in saturated fat and sugar:

                                                                            Before the white man came, my people were healthy. We didn’t have diabetes. We
                                                                            ate the sugar because it tasted good but we didn’t know it would make us sick.

                                                                       Narratives such as this cast Aboriginal people as victims of non-Aboriginal
                                                                       domination. As noted elsewhere in Australia (Cowlishaw, 2004), complaints of
                                                                       victimhood were entrenched and habitual. Statements stressing the difference
                                                                       between indigenous and non-indigenous are a fundamental feature of the community
                                                                       and also underlie ideas regarding UFOs and alien abductions.

                                                                       The Aliens
                                                                       While the community could be considered to resemble many other remote Aboriginal
                                                                       settlements throughout the Northern Territory, it was also unique. Shortly after
                                                                       arriving to begin fieldwork, I was told that the region was a centre for UFOs as
                                                                       sightings of UFOs were said to have occurred on a fairly regular basis. Residents often
                                                                       remarked that in other Aboriginal communities or in urban centres such as Sydney or
                                                                       Darwin, UFOs were only rarely encountered, if at all. Consequently, ‘the aliens’, as
                                                                       they were often called, were discussed as a localised phenomenon. UFO sightings
                                                                       might have been primarily confined to the settlement and its surroundings, but
                                                                       narratives regarding the aliens were not. I witnessed conversations while in other
                                                                       remote communities and in cities such as Alice Springs and Darwin that specifically
                                                                                                                                               Social Identities   223

                                                                       mentioned this community as a hub of UFO activity. While at a conference in Sydney,
                                                                       I encountered an anthropologist working several hundred kilometres away who had
                                                                       been told of the high number of UFO sightings that occurred in the community.
                                                                          Community residents, regardless of whether or not they had sighted a UFO,
                                                                       believed in them, or discounted the existence of extraterrestrials altogether,3 discussed
                                                                       the aliens on a fairly regular basis. Stories of UFOs were relayed in normal
                                                                       conversation while people were engaged in common activities such as attending a
                                                                       card game, visiting a waterhole or sacred site, hunting, collecting mail from the
                                                                       council office, or driving to or from the community. Unlike ghosts, Dreaming beings,
                                                                       or ancestral forces, UFOs were discussed by and between both Aboriginal and non-
                                                                       Aboriginal residents. I observed several conversations between yapa and kardiya


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       where details of sightings were compared and theories regarding the aliens were
                                                                       imparted. When questioning Warlpiri people about the aliens, I was told on a
                                                                       number of occasions that kardiya also encounter UFOs. For instance, while James
                                                                       (34) was pointing to the location where months earlier he had sighted a large UFO, he
                                                                       remarked that non-Aboriginal people had also witnessed something similar in the
                                                                       same area. On another occasion, David (44) also stated, ‘Kardiya do see them too.
                                                                       That new [service provider] said he saw one not from here’. Non-Aboriginal residents
                                                                       similarly talk about Warlpiri sightings and Warlpiri beliefs regarding the UFOs. At
                                                                       one after-hours social gathering, Fiona (26) recounted a recent sighting made by one
                                                                       of the Aboriginal women that she supervised. Those hearing the conversation
                                                                       contributed stories and warnings that they too had been told by Warlpiri people.
                                                                          While residing in the community, I never witnessed what either I or others
                                                                       considered to be a UFO sighting, but I was able to interview 18 individuals*
                                                                       fourteen yapa and four kardiya *ranging in age from twelve to 51, who claimed
                                                                       to have personally seen a UFO. I was given second-hand descriptions of several more.
                                                                       In every case the UFOs were described as almost identical to popularised ideas
                                                                       regarding flying saucers. For instance, all of the witnesses uniformly depicted UFOs as
                                                                       large, disc-shaped, brightly lit objects that flew through the sky. The UFOs were
                                                                       observed for a very brief period, often only a few seconds, before flying into the
                                                                       heavens. Although none of the individuals reported having any contact with the
                                                                       inhabitants of the ships, the UFO itself was always assumed to be a spaceship that was
                                                                       piloted by hyper-intelligent extraterrestrial beings. Steven (38), having never seen a
                                                                       UFO, said,

                                                                            They are smarter than we are though *smarter than any human. Kardiya think
                                                                            they are smart because they went to the moon but these aliens they travel all across
                                                                            the universe.

                                                                         While their descriptions of UFO sightings were similar, Aboriginal and non-
                                                                       Aboriginal people did possess divergent views regarding the intent of the aliens. Ab-
                                                                       original people stated that the aliens’ visits were for a purpose, whereas non-
                                                                       Aboriginal people, although aware of these explanations, tended to discount them.
                                                                       Warlpiri residents maintained that the alien’s objective was to collect water. Six of the
                                                                       224 E. Saethre

                                                                       fourteen Aboriginal witnesses claimed that immediately after sighting the UFO, the
                                                                       water level in a neighbouring creek or rock hole was lowered. All six individuals
                                                                       stated that the aliens were responsible for the loss of water. None of these witnesses,
                                                                       however, claimed that they observed the aliens physically transferring the water
                                                                       onboard the spaceship. I was given a number of theories to explain the lack of visual
                                                                       evidence, such as ‘beaming’, using a giant tube, or absorbing water from the skin of
                                                                       the craft. In each case, the individuals believed that direct visual proof was neither
                                                                       necessary nor possible given the advanced technology that the aliens employed.
                                                                          The aliens were considered to frequent areas in which water sources were more
                                                                       prevalent. During the wet season when water sources increased, so too did the
                                                                       number of reported UFO sightings. Once the rains began each year, Warlpiri residents


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       cautioned Aboriginal people from other regions as well as non-Aboriginal people not
                                                                       to drive at night, lest they encounter a UFO. A group of Aboriginal people from
                                                                       Darwin chose to spend the night along the road instead of driving to the community
                                                                       after the sun set. In the dry season, UFOs are also seen but often in areas with
                                                                       permanent water sources. South of the community lies a region known for its hills,
                                                                       which collect water in several rock pools. The number of encounters were higher here
                                                                       because, as Mark (33), a Warlpiri man, commented, ‘the aliens want [water]. There is
                                                                       a lot of [water] in [the region]’.
                                                                          UFOs were usually portrayed as spaceships inhabited by beings in search of water,
                                                                       who were interested in little else. Plots to conquer the planet or to conduct medical
                                                                       experiments on humans were never discussed. The aliens were not thought to have a
                                                                       secret agreement with the government and conspiracy theories were also absent.
                                                                       Mark, like other Warlpiri people, did not express anger or resentment at the actions
                                                                       of the aliens. No one claimed that the aliens were taking a scarce resource to which
                                                                       they had no right and Aboriginal residents never indicated that they were in conflict
                                                                       with the aliens over the use of water. Although Aboriginal people reported feeling
                                                                       terror, fear, and panic at sighting large and brightly lit spaceships, and wished to
                                                                       avoid encountering them for this reason, I have never been told of a violent,
                                                                       injurious, or threatening encounter that any Aboriginal person had with a UFO.
                                                                       However, Warlpiri individuals asserted that the same was not true for non-Aboriginal
                                                                       people.
                                                                          After leaving the council office one afternoon, I was approached by Ronald (48), a
                                                                       yapa council employee, and asked if I had heard about Bill, a kardiya allied health
                                                                       provider that had visited the community a few days earlier. Allied health professionals
                                                                       such as Bill*dentists, ophthalmologists, and mental health specialists*visited the
                                                                       community on a sporadic basis and provided services that were not available locally.
                                                                       It was the wet season and Bill, anxious to leave before the rains damaged the road too
                                                                       severely, departed after only 36 hours. Ronald recounted that after his departure, no
                                                                       one in the community had received any communication from Bill. In an effort to
                                                                       confirm that Bill had returned safely, both his supervisor and the police had been
                                                                       contacted. Ronald reported that neither knew of Bill’s whereabouts. This led Ronald,
                                                                       who had never sighted a UFO himself, to conclude that Bill had been abducted. He
                                                                                                                                              Social Identities   225

                                                                       said, ‘We told him not to go back at night but kardiya don’t listen. Those aliens took
                                                                       him’. When I asked Ronald what the aliens would do with Bill, he replied that he did
                                                                       not know. What he was sure of, however, was that he would never see Bill again.
                                                                          The characteristics of Bill’s disappearance were representative of many Warlpiri
                                                                       notions regarding alien abductions. Warlpiri people asserted that abductions
                                                                       occurred almost exclusively at night and were much more frequent during the wet
                                                                       season. Like popularised accounts, it was believed that abductees were seized against
                                                                       their will. ‘Taken’ was the word most used to describe alien abductions. However,
                                                                       yapa did not speculate on the fate of the victim. There were no tales of horrific
                                                                       medical procedures or examinations. Events on board the spaceship could not be
                                                                       determined because abductions were thought to be permanent. As in the case of Bill,


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       abductees were not released or returned to earth. Perhaps the most distinctive feature
                                                                       of abductions was that the victims were always kardiya. James said,

                                                                            The aliens do nothing to us. But kardiya , maybe they are just travelling, maybe at
                                                                            night, and not thinking about anything then those aliens come and take them.

                                                                          Warlpiri people often warned non-Aboriginal residents and visitors that they were
                                                                       at risk of being abducted by the aliens. When I first arrived in the community during
                                                                       the middle of the wet season, I was told to avoid driving at night by at least ten
                                                                       different individuals. Short term visitors often ignored these warnings. After spending
                                                                       only two weeks in the community, a nurse reported that she did not believe that she
                                                                       was at risk and left the community in the evening. But some kardiya, who arrived in
                                                                       the community sceptical of Warlpiri claims, reassessed their views after several
                                                                       months of hearing tales of the aliens. Warren (37), said, ‘I don’t believe in UFOs. But
                                                                       after all these stories that I’ve been told, I do get a little nervous driving at night now’.
                                                                       A school teacher, Susan (31), stated that one evening while driving to town with
                                                                       several Warlpiri children, she was repeatedly asked if she was worried about being
                                                                       abducted. After returning safely to the community, Susan remarked that the constant
                                                                       inquiries had only served to make her nervous.
                                                                          Although Warlpiri people insisted that alien abductions were a reality, they also
                                                                       believed that it was possible for kardiya to obtain protection from the aliens. While
                                                                       driving at night during the wet season with a group of Aboriginal people, David
                                                                       assured me I was safe from abduction. He stated that the aliens would not take
                                                                       kardiya while they were travelling in a vehicle with yapa. Abductions only occurred
                                                                       when kardiya travelled together or alone. David said, ‘Don’t worry. We will look after
                                                                       you’. When driving with another group of Aboriginal people at night, I was similarly
                                                                       told that yapa could ‘protect’ me from the aliens. Likewise, Ian (39), a medical
                                                                       researcher who resided in the community for three months, was also advised that by
                                                                       travelling with Aboriginal people he would be safe from abductions. There was no
                                                                       ritual involved in bestowing this protection; rather it was the presence of Aboriginal
                                                                       people that could guarantee the safety of non-Aboriginal individuals.
                                                                          Warlpiri people asserted that the aliens chose not to abduct yapa because
                                                                       Aboriginal people were recognised as belonging in the community and the land
                                                                       226 E. Saethre

                                                                       surrounding it. David said, ‘They know us. This is our land’. Yapa who have had
                                                                       encounters with UFOs, such as Mark, expressed fear at seeing large brightly lit objects
                                                                       but did not state that they were concerned about being taken. Mark said that the
                                                                       aliens knew that this was ‘his country’ and therefore he would be safe. The aliens, he
                                                                       claimed, recognised that the Tanami Desert belonged to yapa. Alan (42) made a
                                                                       similar statement regarding the community. He stated that because the aliens had
                                                                       seen yapa ‘sit down’ in the community for so long, they were safe from abduction.
                                                                       Unlike popularised views, abductions were not motivated by the alien’s need or desire
                                                                       to conduct experiments upon humans. Instead, non-Aboriginal people were viewed
                                                                       as recent arrivals, who the aliens did not ‘know’. Kardiya were at risk because the
                                                                       aliens perceived them to be outsiders.


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       UFOs, Otherness, and Belonging
                                                                       Many of the approaches taken by scholars examining popularised notions of UFOs*
                                                                       including the role of the media in disseminating beliefs, the similarities with local
                                                                       cosmological ideas,4 and the relevance of contemporary social relations*can also be
                                                                       applied to Aboriginal accounts. For instance, as in the United States, it is probable
                                                                       that media plays some role in shaping Warlpiri conceptions of UFOs. In Australia,
                                                                       most media portrayals of UFOs are produced in the United States and consequently
                                                                       reflect American concepts of extraterrestrials (Basterfield, 1997; Chalker, 1996). The
                                                                       almost ubiquitous presence of televisions, video, and DVD players ensures that
                                                                       popularised portrayals of UFOs and extraterrestrials permeate even geographically
                                                                       remote regions of the continent. At the time of research, television shows featuring
                                                                       storylines concerning UFOs, such as the X-Files and Stargate, were popular in the
                                                                       community. In addition to television, movies, such as Independence Day, could be
                                                                       obtained on either VHS or DVD and were often watched repeatedly, passed from
                                                                       family to family throughout the community.
                                                                          Geoffrey (46) noticed the similarity between media depictions of UFOs and
                                                                       Aboriginal narratives of sightings and abductions, commenting that the X-Files
                                                                       portrayed the everyday reality of many community residents. Nevertheless, some
                                                                       themes of popular narratives are not present in Warlpiri accounts, including
                                                                       government conspiracies, alien breeding projects, and the eventual but traumatised
                                                                       return of abductees. Examining Warlpiri responses to mass media has led Michaels
                                                                       (1990, p. 22) to note,

                                                                            people’s readings of media are based as much on their lived experience, historical
                                                                            circumstances and cultural perspectives than any inherent instructions in the text
                                                                            itself on how something ought to be interpreted.

                                                                       Television programs and feature films might have exposed Aboriginal people to
                                                                       popularised notions of UFOs, but Warlpiri understandings regarding the aliens are
                                                                       not constrained by these depictions.
                                                                                                                                           Social Identities   227

                                                                          Warlpiri descriptions of UFOs, while perhaps taking a cue from Hollywood, also
                                                                       echo themes present in local cosmology. For instance, warnayarra, giant multi-
                                                                       coloured snakes that are often referred to as rainbow serpents in anthropological
                                                                       literature, are also linked to water and water sources (Buchler & Maddock, 1978;
                                                                       Merlan, 2000; Munn, 1973; Poirier, 2005; Radcliffe-Brown, 1926; Rose, 1992).
                                                                       Warnayarra are thought to reside in rivers, water holes, underground soaks, rain
                                                                       clouds, and seasonal creeks, their presence tangibly signalled by water. One year, when
                                                                       the water level in the creek dropped suddenly, John (52) asserted that this was due to
                                                                       the warnayarra moving underground. Michael (29), a tradesman’s assistant,
                                                                       disagreed, ‘It was not the warnayarra, it was the aliens. Last night a big spaceship
                                                                       flew over’. Michael, like all of the other Aboriginal people with whom I spoke, did not


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       claim that the warnayarra in the creek would have either injured, or been injured by,
                                                                       the aliens. Warnayarra and aliens were spoken of as two different beings, albeit
                                                                       similar in some ways, which could co-exist without conflict.
                                                                          Warnayarra, like UFOs, are also capable of recognising and harming individuals.
                                                                       Alan recounted an episode when he and his son, Ben, were visiting a water hole:

                                                                            That warnayarra is strong but it knows us *knows that this is our country. I
                                                                            brought Ben to that place and that warnayarra came up and wrapped around him.
                                                                            It recognized Ben and then went back into the water without hurting him.

                                                                       Had the warnayarra not recognised Ben, he would have been harmed. Similarly,
                                                                       Maisy (48) stated that the warnayarra in the creek was capable of killing children that
                                                                       it did not identify as living in the community. As Merlan (2000, p. 13) notes, a
                                                                       rainbow serpent is ‘a native of place that responds angrily to foreign intrusion’. Safety
                                                                       from dangerous forces, such as warnayarra and ancestral spirits, is one way in which
                                                                       ownership of land is both asserted and demonstrated.5 As Alan noted, it was his
                                                                       ‘country’. However, if an individual does not regularly visit or ‘look after’ land,
                                                                       warnayarra are capable of causing harm even to traditional owners (Poirier 2005,
                                                                       p. 132). Consequently, rights to land must be maintained or they are in danger of
                                                                       being contested or lost.
                                                                          Affiliation through country can act as an objectification of kin networks and a
                                                                       record of social ties (Myers, 1986, p. 128). In this way, ‘country’ can be a source of
                                                                       identity, distinguishing differing claims to land but connecting individuals through
                                                                       these bonds. For instance, individuals recognised as traditional owners could
                                                                       guarantee the safety of their guests by placing a small amount of water on the
                                                                       head of a visitor and then speaking to the warnayarra. I was ‘introduced’ to
                                                                       warnayarra on a number of occasions in this manner. Myers (1986, p. 156)
                                                                       comments that this act of bestowing protection also acknowledges the dependency
                                                                       that a visitor has on his or her sponsor. Through beings such as warnayarra, rights to
                                                                       country are politically argued for and legitimised.
                                                                          Narratives of alien abductions appear to echo many of the themes found in tales
                                                                       regarding traditional owners and their safety from warnayarra and noumenal forces.
                                                                       For instance, Warlpiri people asserted that the aliens ‘know’ yapa. David, Mark, and
                                                                       228 E. Saethre

                                                                       Alan each stressed that the aliens recognised that both the community and the
                                                                       Tanami desert was the domain of Aboriginal people. While Mark declared that he
                                                                       would not be abducted by UFOs because it was ‘his country’, Alan asserted the
                                                                       warnayarra did not harm his son for the same reason. Abductees were individuals
                                                                       who were identified by the aliens as strangers to either the community or in the
                                                                       Tanami Desert. Like warnayarra, the aliens are capable of responding aggressively to
                                                                       foreigners but it was also possible to obtain protection from the aliens. Only those
                                                                       who were acknowledged by the aliens as belonging were able to ensure safety from
                                                                       abductions. Consequently, it would appear as if the aliens recognise traditional
                                                                       ownership.
                                                                          But unlike narratives regarding warnayarra and noumenal beings, which


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       distinguish traditional owners by their family, site of conception, or their place of
                                                                       residence, abduction tales focus exclusively on race. The pervasive division in the
                                                                       community between kardiya and yapa that encompasses social networks, spaces,
                                                                       resources, technologies, education, traditions, and healing options was also a
                                                                       fundamental feature in UFO narratives. The only identity that the aliens seem to
                                                                       functionally acknowledge in humans was that of kardiya and yapa. Consequently,
                                                                       differences among Warlpiri people are disregarded, creating a single identity for all
                                                                       yapa. This category is then contrasted with that of kardiya. While yapa, as traditional
                                                                       owners, are safe from alien abduction, kardiya, as foreigners, are not. Social
                                                                       categories that existed in the community are reproduced by the actions of the aliens,
                                                                       stressing and encouraging ties of affiliation within these groups.
                                                                          Themes of belonging, protection, and traditional ownership can all be present in
                                                                       narratives regarding warnayarra and ancestral beings, but it is only through tales of
                                                                       the aliens that non-Aboriginal people are routinely incorporated into this
                                                                       cosmological system. Whereas non-Aboriginal people rarely endorse beliefs regarding
                                                                       warnayarra, this is not true of the aliens. Stories, including reports of sightings or
                                                                       that of Bill’s abduction, are often conveyed to non-Aboriginal residents of the
                                                                       community, who generally engage in these discussions and share their own
                                                                       experiences. While often considered to be immune from the intervention of
                                                                       warnayarra or spirit beings, kardiya are nevertheless victims of abductions and
                                                                       cautioned by yapa to avoid driving at night in the wet season. UFOs provide a
                                                                       discourse through which social relations can be represented because ideas of UFOs
                                                                       are shared by both Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal residents. Television and movies
                                                                       exposed Aboriginal, non-Aboriginal, urban, and rural individuals alike to ideas of
                                                                       extraterrestrials. Consequently, the aliens are able to not only integrate non-
                                                                       Aboriginal people into Warlpiri models of belonging but do so publicly, by
                                                                       encouraging the participation of kardiya in discussions of sightings and abductions.
                                                                          By combining notions of extraterrestrials, racial categories, and traditional
                                                                       ownership, alien abductions tangibly and publicly address issues of indigenous
                                                                       identity. Because of their extraterrestrial origin and superior intelligence, the aliens do
                                                                       not appear to be bound by our historical or cultural perspectives, yet they recognise
                                                                       Aboriginal people as having a distinct identity and an enduring claim to land. The
                                                                                                                                            Social Identities   229

                                                                       status of Aboriginal people is also reinforced through their ability to guarantee the
                                                                       safety of non-Aboriginal people from alien abductions. The capacity of yapa to
                                                                       bestow protection upon kardiya, suggests that in some realms the latter is dependant
                                                                       upon the former. Abduction narratives not only emphasise racial affiliation, they also
                                                                       delineate the relationship between these two groups. The actions of the aliens provide
                                                                       a powerful and unique validation of Aboriginal identity. Through elements of
                                                                       popular UFO myth, local cosmological themes, and the division between yapa and
                                                                       kardiya, alien abduction narratives are able to present an Aboriginal identity that is
                                                                       differentiated from non-Aboriginal identity, linked to belonging and continued
                                                                       ownership of land, and validated by hyper-intelligent beings from outer space.
                                                                          While alien abductions are one way in which the value of Aboriginality is


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       demonstrated through the interplay of popular ideas and Aboriginal worldviews, this
                                                                       also occurs throughout other realms of community narrative. For instance, Warlpiri
                                                                       residents often praised yapa foods that were hunted or gathered from the bush as
                                                                       healthier than kardiya foods. Kevin said, ‘[Kangaroo] fat is good, makes you strong,
                                                                       not like that fat from kardiya [meat]. Doctors know this too. It’s a proven fact’.
                                                                       Similarly, wild yapa honey was said to cure diabetes, whereas kardiya sugar caused it.
                                                                       Consequently, many residents and health researchers (O’Dea 1983, 1985) have
                                                                       asserted that by following a traditional lifestyle of hunting and gathering, Aboriginal
                                                                       health could be significantly improved. Strength and health is directly attributed to a
                                                                       life spent living on traditional lands and eating bush foods. Like statements regarding
                                                                       UFOs, Aboriginal food narratives appear to naturalise the division between yapa and
                                                                       kardiya and portray the former as beneficial while using a concept*a medically
                                                                       nutritious diet*initially introduced by the latter (Saethre, 2005).
                                                                          Because UFO beliefs are only one example of how difference is presented and
                                                                       legitimated, an examination of Warlpiri understandings of extraterrestrials raises
                                                                       issues that are relevant to wider narratives within the community, particularly those
                                                                       that employ science or science-related concepts. Writing about the United States,
                                                                       Dean (1997, p. 56) states,

                                                                            To be comprehensible to governmental and scientific authorities, UFO talk relied
                                                                            on their languages and logics, even as it remained alien to, incomprehensible in
                                                                            terms of, these languages and logics.

                                                                       I believe that a similar process is at work in Central Australia, where the value of
                                                                       Aboriginality can be demonstrated through an appeal to science and medicine.
                                                                       Unlike statements that rely upon cosmology, Warlpiri assertions that appear to be
                                                                       based in science are widely accepted by non-Aboriginal people. Mimicking a scientific
                                                                       paradigm, these narratives nevertheless incorporate Aboriginal concerns and
                                                                       perspectives. Consequently, Warlpiri people are able to participate in global and
                                                                       national discourse, while asserting and maintaining an exclusive identity.
                                                                       230 E. Saethre

                                                                       Conclusion
                                                                       In Central Australia, the aliens can address concerns regarding identity but in a way
                                                                       that reflects the current environment of Aboriginal communities. In a contemporary
                                                                       urban context, extraterrestrials are considered to represent a threat to human culture
                                                                       and society. Through a traumatic interaction with otherness, fears of cultural dilution
                                                                       and invasion are expressed. But in Central Australia, Aboriginal people have a
                                                                       contrasting experience of aliens. Like nomadic Warlpiri people, the aliens seek water.
                                                                       Like warnayarra, the aliens can be blamed for the depletion of water and are able to
                                                                       recognise and harm outsiders. Consequently, Warlpiri narratives do not cast the
                                                                       aliens as fundamentally different from other beings that inhabit the desert.
                                                                       Furthermore, because Aboriginal people are protected from abductions, encounters


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       with the aliens are not aggressive. For an Aboriginal person, sighting a UFO does not
                                                                       seem to represent a hostile encounter with otherness. Instead of epitomising
                                                                       insecurity, anxiety, or alienation, the aliens demonstrate Warlpiri security, assurance,
                                                                       and belonging. UFOs in America might be symbols of hidden conspiracies, painful
                                                                       alien examinations, and colonising extraterrestrials, but in Central Australia the aliens
                                                                       become capable of validating the claims and cosmology of indigenous people in the
                                                                       face of settlement.
                                                                          As in the community, many indigenous UFO narratives in the United States,
                                                                       Oceania, and Africa repeatedly link local cosmological entities to UFOs without being
                                                                       significantly altered. In many cases, traditional supernatural beings are considered to
                                                                       be extraterrestrials, thereby stressing an ancient and abiding connection with UFOs. It
                                                                       is claimed that the phenomenon is the same, it is only the language*Star People or
                                                                       UFOs*that is different. For instance, in South Africa, Credo Mutwa states that
                                                                       beings such as tokoloshe, baboon-like witch familiars, are actually a species of
                                                                       extraterrestrial (Mack, 1999; Martin, 1999). Mack (1999, p. 32) comments that
                                                                       indigenous people are ‘usually pleased’ to discuss UFOs because it is a way of
                                                                       ‘affirming tribal myths, legends and experiences’. It seems as if extraterrestrials could
                                                                       be a way through which indigenous minorities are able to integrate local cosmologies
                                                                       into a global discourse, thereby transforming what non-indigenous people previously
                                                                       viewed as superstition into an encounter with superhuman beings that are
                                                                       acknowledged by UFO enthusiasts around the world. As a result, UFOs might be
                                                                       able to recast and re-imagine the role, status, and identity of indigenous peoples in a
                                                                       rapidly globalising world.


                                                                       Notes
                                                                       [1]   See Mack (1999), Marrs (2000), Raynes (2004), Red Star (2000; 2002), and von Däniken
                                                                             (2002).
                                                                       [2]   I have use pseudonyms throughout this article and also included the age, when possible, of
                                                                             each individual.
                                                                       [3]   I was aware of only five Aboriginal residents who claimed that UFOs did not exist. These
                                                                             individuals, ranging in age from 25 to 53, did not offer an alternative explanation for UFO
                                                                                                                                                     Social Identities    231

                                                                              sightings, such as a ghost, shooting star, or aircraft. John simply told me that the pervasive
                                                                              talk of aliens in the community was ‘rubbish’.
                                                                       [4]    Examples include comparisons between UFOs and angels (Saler et al ., 1997, p. 71; Saliba,
                                                                              1995, p. 36; Thompson, 1991), between space and heaven (Saler et al ., 1997, p. 141), between
                                                                              Men in Black and the devil (Rojcewicz, 1987), abductions to initiation or rites of passage
                                                                              (Bullard, 1989, p. 162), aliens and demons (Partridge, 2004; Saliba, 1995, p. 36), and UFO
                                                                              phenomenon and fairies (Purkiss, 2000, p. 317 22; Silver, 1999; Thompson, 1991; Vallée,
                                                                              1969).
                                                                       [5]    For more information on spirit beings and their ability to recognise and harm outsiders see
                                                                              Cawte (1974), Meggit (1962), Peile (1997), Reid (1983), Rose (1992), and Tonkinson (1978).


                                                                       References


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       Bartholomew, R. E., & Howard, G. S. (1998). UFOs and alien contact: Two centuries of mystery.
                                                                              Amherst, MA: Prometheus Books.
                                                                       Basterfield, K. (1997). UFOs: A report on Australian encounters . Kew, Vic: Reed Books.
                                                                       Berlitz, C., & Moore, W. (1980). The Roswell incident . New York: Grosset and Dunlap.
                                                                       Boylan, R. J. (1996). Native elders reveal centuries of ET contact lore. Contact Forum , 4 (4), 1 6.
                                                                       Buchler, I., & Maddock, K. (Eds.) (1978). The rainbow serpent: A chromatic piece . The Hague:
                                                                              Mouton.
                                                                       Bullard, T. E. (1989). UFO abduction reports: The supernatural kidnap narrative returns in
                                                                              technological guise. The Journal of American Folklore , 102 (404), 147 70.
                                                                       Cawte, J. (1974). Medicine is the law: Studies in the psychiatric anthropology of Australian tribal
                                                                              societies . Adelaide: Rigby Press.
                                                                       Chalker, B. (1996). The Oz files: The Australian UFO story. Potts Point NSW: Duffy & Snellgrove.
                                                                       Cowlishaw, G. (2004). Blackfellas, whitefellas, and the hidden injuries of race . Oxford: Blackwell
                                                                              Publishing.
                                                                       Curran, D. (1985). In advance of the landing: Folk concepts of outer space . New York: Abbeville Press.
                                                                       Dean, J. (1997). The truth is out there: Aliens and the fugitivity of postmodern truth. Camera
                                                                              Obscura , 14 (40/41), 43 77.
                                                                       Dean, J. (1998). Aliens in America: Conspiracy cultures from outerspace to cyberspace . Ithaca: Cornell
                                                                              University Press.
                                                                       Ellwood, R. (1995). Spiritualism and UFO religion in New Zealand: The international transmission
                                                                              of modern spiritualist movements. In J. Lewis (Ed.), The gods have landed: New religions from
                                                                              other worlds . Albany, NY: State University of New York Press.
                                                                       Fuller, J. G. (1966). The interrupted journey. New York: Putnam.
                                                                       Gallup, G., & Newport, F. (1991). Belief in paranormal phenomena among adult Americans.
                                                                              Skeptical Inquirer, 15 (2), 137 46.
                                                                       Jacobs, D. M. (1992). Secret life: Firsthand accounts of UFO abductions . New York: Simon &
                                                                              Schuster.
                                                                       Lagrange, P. (2000). Kenneth Arnold. In J. R. Lewis (Ed.), UFOs and popular culture: An
                                                                              encyclopaedia of contemporary myth . Santa Barbara, CA: ABC-Clio.
                                                                       Mack, J. E. (1994). Abduction: Human encounters with aliens . New York: Macmillian.
                                                                       Mack, J. E. (1999). Passport to the cosmos: Human transformation and alien encounters . New York:
                                                                              Crown.
                                                                       Marrs, J. (2000). Alien agenda: Investigating the extraterrestrial presence among us . New York:
                                                                              HarperCollins.
                                                                       Martin, R. (1999). Great Zulu shaman and elder Credo Mutwa on alien abductions & reptilians: A
                                                                              rare, astonishing conversation. The Spectrum , 1 (5), 1, 17 31.
                                                                       Meggitt, M. (1962). Desert people: A study of the Walbiri Aborigines of central Australia . Sydney:
                                                                              Angus and Robertson.
                                                                       232 E. Saethre

                                                                       Merlan, F. (2000). Representing the rainbow: Aboriginal culture in an interconnected world.
                                                                              Australian Aboriginal Studies , 1 & 2 , 20 26.
                                                                       Michaels, E. (1990). A model of teleported texts (with reference to Aboriginal television).
                                                                              Continuum , 3 (2), 8 31.
                                                                       Munn, N. (1973). Walbiri iconography: Graphic representation and cultural symbolism in a central
                                                                              Australian society. Ithaca: Cornell University Press.
                                                                       Myers, F. (1986). Pintupi country, Pintupi self: Sentiment, place, and politics among western desert
                                                                              Aborigines . Washington: Smithsonian Institution Press.
                                                                       Newman, L. S., & Baumeister, R. F. (1996). Toward an explanation of the UFO abduction
                                                                              phenomenon: Hypnotic elaboration, extraterrestrial sadomasochism, and spurious mem-
                                                                              ories. Psychological Inquiry, 7 (2), 99 126.
                                                                       O’Dea, K. (1983). Ten diabetics go bush. The Aboriginal Health Worker, 7 (4), 26 29.
                                                                       O’Dea, K. (1985). Relationship between lifestyle-changes and health in Aborigines. In K. Larkins, D.


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                              McDonald & C. Watson (Eds.), Alcohol and drug use in a changing society: Proceedings of the
                                                                              2nd national drug institute, Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia, 1985 . Canberra: National
                                                                              Drug Institute.
                                                                       Panay, A. (2004). From Little Big Man to little green men: The captivity scenario in American
                                                                              culture. European Journal of American Culture , 23 (3), 201 16.
                                                                       Partridge, C. (2004). Alien demonology: The Christian roots of the malevolent extraterrestrial in
                                                                              UFO religions and abduction spiritualities. Religion , 34 , 163 89.
                                                                       Peebles, C. (1994). Watch the skies! A chronicle of the flying saucer myth . Washington: Smithsonian
                                                                              Institution Press.
                                                                       Peile, A. R. (1997). Body and soul: An Aboriginal view. Carlisle: Hesperian Press.
                                                                       Peterson, N., McConvell, P., Wild, S., & Hagen, R. (1978). A claim to areas of traditional land by the
                                                                              Warlpiri and Kartangarurru-kurintji . Alice Springs: Central Land Council.
                                                                       Pfitzer, G. M. (1995). The only good alien is a dead alien: Science fiction and the metaphysics of
                                                                              Indian-hating on the high frontier. Journal of American Culture , 18 (1), 51 67.
                                                                       Poirier, S. (2005). A world of relationships: Intineraries, dreams, and events in the Australian western
                                                                              desert . Toronto: University of Toronto Press.
                                                                       Purkiss, D. (2000). Troublesome things: A history of fairies and fairy stories . London: Allen Lane/
                                                                              Penguin Press.
                                                                       Radcliffe-Brown, A. (1926). The rainbow serpent myth of Australia. The Journal of the Royal
                                                                              Anthropological Institute of Great Britian and Ireland , 56 , 19 25.
                                                                       Randles, J. (1988). Alien abductions: The mystery solved . New Brunswick, NJ: Inner Light.
                                                                       Raynes, B. (2004). Visitors from hidden realms: The origin and destiny of humanity as told by Star
                                                                              elders, shamen, and UFO visitors . Memphis, TN: Eagle Wing Books Incorporated.
                                                                       Red Star, N. (2000). Star ancestors: Indian wisdomkeepers share the teachings of the extraterrestrials .
                                                                              Rochester, VT: Inner Traditions International.
                                                                       Red Star, N. (2002). Legends of the star ancestors: Stories of extraterrestrial contact from
                                                                              wisdomkeepers around the world . Rochester, BT: Inner Traditions International.
                                                                       Reid, J. (1983). Sorcerers and healing spirits: Continuity and change in an Aboriginal medical system .
                                                                              Canberra: Australian National Press.
                                                                       Rojcewicz, P. M. (1987). The ‘Men in Black’ experience and tradition: Analogues with the
                                                                              traditional devil hypothesis. The Journal of American Folklore , 100 (396), 148 60.
                                                                       Rose, D. B. (1992). Dingo makes us human: Life and land in an Aboriginal Australian culture .
                                                                              Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
                                                                       Rothstein, M. (2003). UFO beliefs as syncretistic components. In C. Partridge (Ed.), UFO religions .
                                                                              New York: Routledge.
                                                                       Saethre, E. (2005). Nutrition, economics, and food distribution in an Australian Aboriginal
                                                                              community. Anthropological Forum , 15 (2), 151 69.
                                                                                                                                                     Social Identities    233

                                                                       Saler, B., Ziegler, C., & Moore, C. (1997). UFO crash at Roswell: The genesis of a modern myth .
                                                                               Washington: Smithsonian Institution Press.
                                                                       Saliba, J. (1995). Religious dimensions of UFO phenomena. In J. Lewis (Ed.), The gods have landed:
                                                                               New religions from other worlds . Albany, NY: State University of New York Press.
                                                                       Scully, F. (1950). Behind the flying saucers . New York: Henry Holt.
                                                                       Silver, C. (1999). Strange and secret peoples: Fairies and Victorian consciousness . New York: Oxford
                                                                               University Press.
                                                                       Sparks, G., Sparks, C. W., & Gray, K. (1995). Media impact on fright reactions and belief in UFOs:
                                                                               The potential role of mental imagery. Communication Research , 22 , 3 23.
                                                                       Sparks, G., Pellechia, M., & Irvine, C. (1998). Does television about UFOs affect viewers’ UFO
                                                                               beliefs? An experimental investigation. Communication Quarterly, 46 (3), 1 9.
                                                                       Strieber, W. (1987). Communion: A true story. New York: Avon.
                                                                       Sturma, M. (2000). Alien abductions. History Today, 50 (1), 14 15.


Downloaded by [Temple University Libraries] at 15:31 05 January 2015
                                                                       Sturma, M. (2002). Aliens and Indians: A comparison of abduction and captivity narratives. Journal
                                                                               of Popular Culture , 36 (2), 318 35.
                                                                       Thompson, K. (1991). Angels and aliens: UFOs and the mythic imagination . Reading, MA: Addison
                                                                               Wesley.
                                                                       Tonkinson, R. (1978). The Mardudjarra Aborigines: Living the dream in Australia’s desert . New York:
                                                                               Holt, Rinehart and Winston.
                                                                       Vallée, J. (1969). Passport to Magonia: From folklore to flying saucers . Chicago: Regnery.
                                                                       von Däniken, E. (2002). Arrival of the gods: Revealing the alien landing sites of Nazca . London: Vega
                                                                               Books.
                                                                       Whitmore, J. (1995). Religious dimensions of the UFO abductee experience. In J. Lewis (Ed.), The
                                                                               gods have landed: New religions from other worlds . Albany, NY: State University of New York
                                                                               Press.
