{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T11:15:48Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 121821, "source_ctime_ns": 1790336668772404318, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-04-13_Space-com_Not-a-UFO-Venus-Dominates-the-Evening-Sky.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790336668768295165, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-04-13_Space-com_Not-a-UFO-Venus-Dominates-the-Evening-Sky.pdf", "source_sha256": "333beec259ec37a0e21034ca81a31cad871fd76c6511ce2c37dba61e54019306"}

Opentomenu
Skip   mainClose
            content
                 menu


Search Space Search Space

Subscribe
RSS
All About Space Magazine


      Jam packed issues filled with the latest cutting-edge research, technology and theories delivered in an entertaining and visually
      stunning way, aiming to educate and inspire readers of all ages
      Engaging articles, breathtaking images and expert knowledge
      Issues delivered straight to your door
From£24.99
View
Trending
      Parker Solar Probe survives sun flyby!
      Next Full Moon
      Aurora Forecast
      Night sky tonight!
      Best Telescopes
      Best Binoculars
      Best Star Projectors
      Lego Star Wars deals
      Best Drones
      Space Calendar
      Solar System Planets

Not a UFO: Venus Dominates the Evening Sky
News
By Joe Rao
published 13 April 2007


The sky on April 13 at 8:30 p.m. local time from mid-northern latitudes.
In recent days, I've been getting quite a few e-mails and answering a number of phone inquiries as to "What is that bright light that is
                                 File: 2007 04 13_Space com_Not a UFO Venus Dominates the Evening Sky.pdf
                                      URL: https://www.space.com/3685-ufo-venus-dominates-evening-sky.html
In recent days, I've been getting quite a few e-mails and answering a number of phone inquiries as to "What is that bright light that is
hanging in the sunset sky?"
Typical of these is the e-mail I received from Dawn Maniglia of Bronxville, NY: "One of my students was out walking in Manhattan
Wednesday evening of last week and is sure she saw a UFO. I told her I would e-mail you and ask if anything unusual was going on
in the sky that night. Is there anything that could explain her 'sighting'?"
The "UFO" in question is the planet Venus. Calling attention to itself as soon as the Sun goes down, Venus shines brilliantly in the
west-northwest sky about one-third of the way up from the horizon.
Surprise, surprise
Some people are rather surprised when I tell them that Venus has been an evening object since mid-December. I've had
conversations with people who staunchly claimed that Venus "wasn't there just a week ago" and that this is the first time that they've
caught sight of it.
Of course, earlier in the year, Venus was considerably lower in the west-southwest sky, and setting much earlier in the evening
(before 7 p.m.). But now the view is much better.
On Feb. 22, Venus crossed the celestial equator as it plodded northward into the northern half of the sky. With each passing night,
as its angular distance from the Sun slowly increased, its declination in the sky was also improving in a northerly direction. So Venus'
altitude at sunset began to noticeably increase and it also continued to set a bit later each night.
Breaking space news, the latest updates on rocket launches, skywatching events and more!

Your Email Address             Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our
trusted partners or sponsors Sign me up

By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over.
Then, on March 11, most of the U.S. and Canada went on Daylight Saving Time, which meant pushing clocks forward one hour.
Venus was now setting an hour later in the evening: for most locations it remained in the sky until after 9:30 p.m.
But the best is yet to come.
What to look for
Check out Venus this weekend and you'll see it hovering just off to the left of the beautiful Pleiades Star Cluster. With each passing
night, Venus will continue to soar higher into the twilight sky, not disappearing beyond the west-northwest horizon until around 11
p.m. local daylight time. On Thursday, April 19, Venus will have company: a beautiful thin crescent Moon will sit several degrees
below and to its right. On the following night, the Moon will have shifted to a point well above and slightly to Venus' left.
On May 10, Venus will attain its highest declination: 26-degrees north of the celestial equator. Less than a month later it reaches its
greatest eastern elongation (greatest angular distance east) of the Sun of 45.4-degrees. Roughly midway between these two
extremes, on May 25, Venus will reach the pinnacle of its current evening apparition. It will then be setting more than three and a
half hours after local sunset. For New York City, for example, that corresponds to 11:44 p.m.
Interestingly, many astronomy books state flatly that you can't see Venus in the middle of the night. But thanks in part to Daylight
Time, those places close to the western flank of a particular time zone will indeed be able to see Venus at . . . or even beyond the
"witching hour." From Pittsburgh, Venus won't set until 12:07 a.m., while from Terre Haute, Indiana-near the boundary line between
Eastern and Central time-Venus won't set until 12:33 a.m. EDT!
      Ten Alien Encounters Debunked
      Sky Calendar & Moon Phases
      Online Sky Maps and More
Joe Rao serves as an instructor and guest lecturer at New York's Hayden Planetarium. He writes about astronomy for The
New York Times and other publications, and he is also an on-camera meteorologist for News 12 Westchester, New York.
Join our Space Forums to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip,
correction or comment, let us know at: community@space.com.
Joe Rao is Space.com's skywatching columnist, as well as a veteran meteorologist and eclipse chaser who also serves as an
instructor and guest lecturer at New York's Hayden Planetarium. He writes about astronomy for Natural History magazine, the
                                 File: 2007 04 13_Space com_Not a UFO Venus Dominates the Evening Sky.pdf
                                      URL: https://www.space.com/3685-ufo-venus-dominates-evening-sky.html
Farmers' Almanac and other publications. Joe is an 8-time Emmy-nominated meteorologist who served the Putnam Valley region of
New York for over 21 years. You can find him on Twitter and YouTube tracking lunar and solar eclipses, meteor showers and
more. To find out Joe's latest project, visit him on Twitter.


Supercharged auroras possible this weekend as colossal 'hole' in the sun spews solar wind toward Earth


New Year's northern lights delight as powerful solar storms spark auroras across central US and Europe (photos)


This Week In Space podcast: Episode 142 — 2025 in Space
See more latest ►

Most Popular


                               File: 2007 04 13_Space com_Not a UFO Venus Dominates the Evening Sky.pdf
                                    URL: https://www.space.com/3685-ufo-venus-dominates-evening-sky.html
MORE FROM SPACE...


   1.
      1
   2. 2
   3. 3
   4. 4
   5. 5
Space is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.
        About Us
        Contact Future's experts
        Terms and conditions
        Privacy policy
        Cookies policy
        Accessibility Statement
        Advertise with us
        Web notifications
        Careers
© Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.


                                   File: 2007 04 13_Space com_Not a UFO Venus Dominates the Evening Sky.pdf
                                        URL: https://www.space.com/3685-ufo-venus-dominates-evening-sky.html
