{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T02:00:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 88601, "source_ctime_ns": 1788552851549096115, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-10-29_Houma-Today_UFO-whistleblower-s-nephew-maintains-family-tradition-of-belief-in-aliens.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788552851545236430, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-10-29_Houma-Today_UFO-whistleblower-s-nephew-maintains-family-tradition-of-belief-in-aliens.pdf", "source_sha256": "e297191f89994388f3aa8c191dbfbf680a2908c3abd858c8843c11192a888b8b"}

Skip to main content

UFO whistleblower’s nephew maintains family tradition of belief in aliens


ROBERT MORRIS Senior Staff Writer | The Courier
HOUMA – Those must have been aliens in that spaceship that crashed, said the shirtless old man with the quick smile. Jesse said he
saw them.
Hayes Marcel’s admittedly fantastic tale has slightly more credibility than that of the average local UFO loon. His uncle, Lt. Col.
Jesse Marcel, was among the group of American military intelligence officers who reported they recovered wreckage from a crashed
flying saucer in Roswell, N.M., only to immediately recant that story and say it was a weather balloon.
“Nobody ever thought about flying saucers before Jesse came out about the crash in Roswell,” said Hayes Marcel. “He spilled the
beans, that’s what he done.”
Sixty years later, despite decades of official disavowals of alien visitations, people are still seeing strange lights in the sky –
everywhere from Chicago to Chauvin.
UNCLE JESSE
Jesse Marcel’s family is from south Louisiana, and after his retirement he returned, living in Bayou Blue and repairing tube-set
televisions. In the mid-1970s, however, shortly before his 1977 death, Marcel began speaking out about the Roswell incident, saying
his superiors had ordered him to lie about the wreckage, covering up the existence of aliens.
“Of course he couldn’t say nothing about it,” said Hayes Marcel, actually Jesse’s nephew through a cousin. “They’d kick him out of
the military, and he’d lose his pension.”
Although Hayes Marcel said he did not know Jesse “all that well,” he was familiar with Jesse’s account through an uncle, Nelson
Marcel. Uncle Nelson, now deceased, discussed the Roswell event extensively with Jesse, and told Hayes about a piece of
unbreakable alien metal from the wreckage that Jesse had kept for himself.
In the last years of his life, after his public allegation that the wreckage was actually alien, Jesse made frequent TV appearances.
Hayes Marcel remembers him as a “little short fellow” with a strong, “flat” Cajun accent and said friends would often call when they
saw Jesse on TV.
“You can tell from the way he’s talking that he’s from this part of the country,” Marcel said.
Since Jesse’s announcement, many members of his family ardently hoped officials would confirm the truth of his account.
“I hope it does before I check out,” Marcel said. “All my relatives were too, before
they died. The government knows a lot it’s not letting out.”
SIGHTINGS
Hayes Marcel said he believes that he, too, has seen a UFO. The 1997 sighting he shares occurred over the skies of Houma, shortly
after he returned from the 50-year anniversary celebration of the Roswell crash, he said. In an October night sky, toward the
direction of La. 311, Hayes Marcel said he saw an orange glow pulsate, then descend below the tree line.
He followed it in his truck, he said, but found no evidence of a landing.
“It wasn’t a helicopter or anything,” Marcel said. “It was weird.”
Likewise, Marcel believes he may have been abducted in 1990. One evening, he left his west-Houma house about 8 p.m. bound for
a store on the east side, he said.
He drove into the Houma Tunnel, then suddenly woke up on Grand Caillou Road, parked on the shoulder with his engine off, he
said. He headed home, and his wife asked where he had been.
“ ‘I don’t know,’ I said. She said, ‘Uh-oh. They got you,’ ” Marcel said. “Two hours I was gone. If I’d blacked out, I’d have
wrecked. … They say when you get abducted, they blank out your mind.”
                    File: 2007 10 29_Houma Today_UFO whistleblower s nephew maintains family tradition of belief in aliens.pdf
      URL: https://www.houmatoday.com/story/news/2007/10/29/ufo-whistleblowers-nephew-maintains-family-tradition-of-belief-in-aliens/26750169007/
It would be wrong, however, to paint the 77-year-old Marcel as the stereotypical UFO fanatic. Amid a standard south Louisiana-
style collection of family photos and plates painted with wildlife scenes, the only extraterrestrial paraphernalia in his living room is a
strand of Mardi Gras beads adorned with alien-head medallions.
He may be more concerned about visitations from earthly menaces than UFOs, judging from the scanner squawking in the hall. It’s
tuned to local police
frequencies, not NASA.
Hayes Marcel is simply a believer, based on the word of a trusted kinsman. He never even worried about the subject of aliens or
spaceships before Jesse began telling his extraordinary tale, he said.
Marcel, however, is hardly the only local with a UFO interest, based on reports at the National UFO Reporting Center. These
reports were filed in 2006:
• In Larose, a red ball of light was reported hovering over Lake Salvador at 10 a.m., Feb. 15, 2006.
“At this time we saw a red ball of light move slowly from west to east and come to a stop and hover over the lake for approximately
20 minutes. The craft then moved upward into the cloud deck and disappeared,” the report’s author states, noting that the object’s
movement was silent. “I hold a private pilot’s license, and I spent some time in the military, and I have never seen anything like this
before.”
• A more extensive account comes from Berwick, early in the morning of April 15, 2006. “I immediately sat up in my bed, and the
first thing I recalled was a giant pure gun-metal black triangle ship leaving at a slow speed to the north,” the report begins.
Unusually thirsty and exhausted despite the full night’s sleep, the writer heads into the kitchen for a sip of orange juice but finds the
house in disarray – household objects were out of place and dry grass was all over the kitchen floor.
“There are too many things not right all over the house that seems to me I was outside during the night and something happened that
I can’t totally recall,” the author writes. “All that is in my memory is the huge triangle that I saw, and it disappeared in the clouds.”
• From Chauvin comes the simplest and most recent local report, dated Nov. 27, 2006:
“I was taking some pictures of the sunset as two fishing boats passed down the canal. The photos were taken seconds apart and the
object only appears in one,” the author writes. “It was there and gone.”
The UFO reporting center does not list report authors on its Web site, but, at The Courier’s request, center Director Peter
Davenport attempted to contact the authors of each of those three reports for this article. None responded.
At this late date, more than a year after the sightings, it would be nearly impossible to substantiate them, Davenport said. Further, he
was skeptical that any of three local accounts would have turned out to be alien in origin, even had they been investigated
immediately after they occurred.
“Almost certainly it does not show a genuine UFO. Out of 1,000 photos sent to us, maybe one is a genuine UFO,” Davenport said
of the Chauvin photo, which he said he would have subjected to further scrutiny if it had appeared to have potential. “People take a
photo, then months later they see a little tiny black smudge on it and say, ‘Oh my God, it could be a UFO.’ ”
Collecting the records, however, provides a database for further research into the UFO phenomenon, Davenport said. Buried
somewhere in the stack of bogus, untraceable reports is the truly unexplained event, he said.
“I want to make it available to anybody who might be interested,” Davenport said. “My hope is that the American people will wake
up to the fact that we appear to be visited by things we call UFOs.”
AROUND THE WORLD
The UFO reporting center has recorded upwards of 3,000 sightings this year, and those few recorded around southeast Louisiana
last year are essentially routine. In other locations, far more dramatic sightings of strange aerial phenomena have been reported.
At Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport, pilots and other airport employees say they saw a disc-like object hover in the sky for a
few minutes on Nov. 7. It blasted upward with such force that it left a hole in the cloud cover, witnesses said.
The story raised particular interest in journalism circles, as the reporter who covered it was a Pulitzer Prize winning transportation
reporter for the Chicago Tribune. His concern, he said, was not aliens, but that well-respected pilots felt federal-aviation officials
failed to listen to their complaints that something – whatever it was – could have been creating unsafe conditions at the airport.

                    File: 2007 10 29_Houma Today_UFO whistleblower s nephew maintains family tradition of belief in aliens.pdf
      URL: https://www.houmatoday.com/story/news/2007/10/29/ufo-whistleblowers-nephew-maintains-family-tradition-of-belief-in-aliens/26750169007/
Other mass sightings have been reported recently. A British Airlines pilot and passengers reported a mile-wide UFO outside their
plane as they flew over the Channel Islands in June of this year, and five UFOs were seen by nearly 100 people in July at
Shakespeare’s birthplace in Stratford-Upon-Avon.
Nothing has ever proven that aliens exist, much less visit earth or abduct its citizens. Is their existence hidden by a massive, multi-
governmental conspiracy, or are they just utterly nonexistent?
“A lot of people say it’s a bunch of hogwash,” Marcel said. “This is true. Jesse wouldn’t lie about it.”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Stuck in Depression? A Brain Switch Helps Reset Your MoodNurosym
 Learn More
Undo
1 Vitamin You Need After 50 Fοr “Crepey” SkinNew Skin Discovery
Undo
Black Horse Is Issuing Refunds To The Public - Lookup Your Namethepcpguys.co.uk
Undo
Co-Founder of Google Brain, Andrew Ng, Recommends: 5 Books For Turning Your Life AroundBlinkist: Andrew Ng's Reading
List
Undo
Not a typical dating platformWingtalks
 Read More
Undo
Never Split the Difference: What a Former FBI Agent Taught Me About NegotiatingBlinkist Magazine
Undo


                    File: 2007 10 29_Houma Today_UFO whistleblower s nephew maintains family tradition of belief in aliens.pdf
      URL: https://www.houmatoday.com/story/news/2007/10/29/ufo-whistleblowers-nephew-maintains-family-tradition-of-belief-in-aliens/26750169007/
      Help
      Terms of Service
      Subscription Terms & Conditions
      Privacy Policy
      Site Map
      Accessibility
      Our Ethical Principles
      Responsible Disclosure
          Your Privacy Choices
© Copyright Gannett 2025
Keep on reading
Big Lots closing stores: Gordon Brothers deal keeps up to 400 openIn a sale brought about by global asset and real estate
consulting firm Gordon Brothers, between 200 and 400 Big Lots stores will remain open.Houma Today
Undo
Stuck in Depression? A Brain Switch Helps Reset Your MoodA Breakthrough Discovery is a Life-Changer for
Thousands.Nurosym|
SponsoredSponsored
 Learn More
Undo
1 Vitamin You Need After 50 Fοr “Crepey” SkinNew Skin Discovery|
SponsoredSponsored
Undo
Has Bourbon Street been re-opened after attack? Officials make decisionIn order to conduct a proper investigation of the attack
that occurred on Bourbon Street, authorities closed down the area. Has it re-opened?Houma Today
Undo
Geoffrey Owens: 'The Cosby Show' actor still struggles to make livingGeoffrey Owens, known for his role in "The Cosby Show,"
made headlines in 2018 for working as a cashier at a New Jersey Trader Joe's.Houma Today
Undo
Driver in New Year's Eve attack in New Orleans identified by FBIThe driver of the truck which drove into a crowd of New Year’s
Eve revelers, killing at least 10, has been identified as Shamsud-Din Jabbar.Houma Today
Undo
Did Biden commute any death row prisoners in Louisiana? Find out herePresident Biden has commuted the sentences of 37 death
row prisoners, and two of those prisoners are on federal death row in Louisiana. Find out more.Houma Today
Undo
Bourbon Street to reopen in afternoon, following terrorist attackBourbon Street to reopen by 2:30 p.m., nearly 24-hours after a
terrorist drove a truck through revellers killing 14, New Year’s Day.Houma Today
Undo
Black Horse Is Issuing Refunds To The Public - Lookup Your NameUp To £4,500* Per Vehiclethepcpguys.co.uk|
SponsoredSponsored
                    File: 2007 10 29_Houma Today_UFO whistleblower s nephew maintains family tradition of belief in aliens.pdf
      URL: https://www.houmatoday.com/story/news/2007/10/29/ufo-whistleblowers-nephew-maintains-family-tradition-of-belief-in-aliens/26750169007/
 Get Offer
Undo
Co-Founder of Google Brain, Andrew Ng, Recommends: 5 Books For Turning Your Life AroundAndrew Ng, computer scientist
and technology entrepreneur focusing on artificial intelligence, shares the five books he thinks will change your life.Blinkist: Andrew
Ng's Reading List|
SponsoredSponsored
Undo
Cassidy congratulates Johnson on second House Speaker termIn his statement, Sen. Bill Cassidy said Americans trust Johnson to
lead the House with integrity and he shared those sentiments.Houma Today
Undo
Two lives lost to head-on collisionsA head-on collision in Houma left a Chauvin man dead, and a few days earlier in Lafourche, a
wreck claimed the life of a Thibodaux man.Houma Today
Undo


                    File: 2007 10 29_Houma Today_UFO whistleblower s nephew maintains family tradition of belief in aliens.pdf
      URL: https://www.houmatoday.com/story/news/2007/10/29/ufo-whistleblowers-nephew-maintains-family-tradition-of-belief-in-aliens/26750169007/
