{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T14:53:44Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 74221, "source_ctime_ns": 1790271233963564726, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-03-02_The-Seattle-Times_The-Call-of-the-Weird-A-bizarre-journey-to-the-fringes.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790271233765226408, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-03-02_The-Seattle-Times_The-Call-of-the-Weird-A-bizarre-journey-to-the-fringes.pdf", "source_sha256": "27f3ada602f3f7bbd1fd10b18231d5348f12c27f77ca5148cf818f8c8d82da85"}

Louis Theroux is the son of writer Paul Theroux and a TV star in his own right, having worked
on Michael Moore's "TV Nation" and...

By Michael Upchurch
Special to The Seattle Times


“The Call of the Weird: Travels in American Subcultures”
by Louis Theroux
Da Capo, 266 pp., $24
Louis Theroux is the son of writer Paul Theroux and a TV star in his own right, having worked on Michael
Moore’s “TV Nation” and hosted his own British TV series, “Louis Theroux’s Weird Weekends” and
“When Louis Met … ” So he’s got connections to burn.

But please don’t hold that against him.
In his first book, he emerges as a charming and slightly nutty character venturing among characters
considerably nuttier than he is: neo-Nazis, UFO enthusiasts, porn stars, get-rich-quick con-artists, death-
cult survivors, gangsta rappers … and more neo-Nazis.
His prose is conversational yet concise. His psychological reading of his interviewees is probing, even if
he does run into some brick walls of mutual incomprehension.
As for his reportage method, it veers between I-Am-a-Camera objectivity and sudden pleas to his subjects
to be a little more reasonable.

                       File: 2007 03 02_The Seattle Times_The Call of the Weird A bizarre journey to the fringes.pdf
                    URL: https://www.seattletimes.com/entertainment/books/the-call-of-the-weird-a-bizarre-journey-to-the-fringes/
Sample exchange:
Theroux: “You must see that there’s good and bad in all people, so why not try not to be racist?”
Interviewee: “Because I am racist.”
All the pieces here describe second encounters with his subjects, who initially were featured on “Louis
Theroux’s Weird Weekends.” Theroux seems to have developed a natural rapport with his interviewees,
even when horrified by their actions or beliefs, so he wanted to check in on them and see how they were
faring in a post-9/11 world. Setting up shop in Las Vegas, he drives vast distances to drop in on old
contacts who include:
Thor Templar, lord commander of the Earth Protectorate in the Alien Resistance Movement (Thor
claims to have killed 10 outer-space aliens).
JJ Michaels, retired porn star who finds his new career with Boeing (“something to do with computers”)
less “fulfilling” than making movies.
Jerry Gruidl, former member of Richard Butler’s infamous Aryan Nations white-supremacist movement
(it was a personality clash, not a change in his beliefs, that got Gruidl kicked out of the organization).
Not everyone is pleased to see him, as Theroux acknowledges. But in most cases, he charms his way past
their resistance — even if, in Gruidl’s case, he finds himself “slightly uncomfortable” at “being treated in a
grandfatherly way by an unabashed neo-Nazi and anti-Semite.”
A few of his contacts seem disappointed he hasn’t brought his TV crew with him. But Theroux’s switch
from talking-head interviewer to writer goes smoothly. He has a great knack for description, whether he’s
evoking the atmosphere of a Reno brothel or recounting a lonely drive from Nevada into Southern
Oregon: “Farm towns appeared, with John Deere dealerships and feed stores. After the clamorous
hoardings and hotels of gambling country, these towns seemed spooky and aloof.”
Calling the communities he seeks out “subcultures” is a bit of a stretch. But whatever you call them, they
deliver their fair share of surprises.
At the Idaho “patriot community” of Almost Heaven, Theroux discovers that right-wing tax rebels and
would-be secessionists are no happier with the present Bush administration than the most agitated liberal:
“They hated the Patriot Act with a passion and they opposed the invasion of Iraq, not on humanitarian
grounds so much as an example of the federal government overreaching its lawful powers.”
At a UFO convention, he comes across a man who believes we’re fighting in Iraq not just for the oil but
“because they’ve got stargates there.”
Talking with a producer in the porn industry, Theroux elicits this gem on the shortcomings of smut
purveyors: “They can’t really put the time into creating eroticism because, hell, most of them don’t know
how to spell eroticism.”
Reading this book can make you fear for the American soul. But Theroux is careful to remind readers how
marginal these “subcultures” are. Even the largest neo-Nazi movement, the West Virginia-based National
Alliance, is said to number less than 1,500 dues-paying members.
“Why do people believe and do weird things?” he asks in his wrap-up. “Because in the end, feeling alive is
more important than telling the truth. We have evolved as living creatures to express ourselves, to be
                    File: 2007 03 02_The Seattle Times_The Call of the Weird A bizarre journey to the fringes.pdf
                 URL: https://www.seattletimes.com/entertainment/books/the-call-of-the-weird-a-bizarre-journey-to-the-fringes/
 creative, to tell stories. We are instruments for feeling, faith, energy, emotion, significance, belief, but not
 really truth.”
 Michael Upchurch: mupchurch@seattletimes.com.
 He has been the Seattle Times book critic since 1998 and has published four novels.


 Michael Upchurch: michaelupchurch@comcast.net. Michael Upchurch is a novelist (“Passive
 Intruder,” “The Flame Forest”) and frequent book reviewer. He was the Seattle Times’ staff book critic
 (1998-2008) and general arts writer (2008-2014), before resigning to concentrate on fiction and
 literary journalism. His reviews have appeared in the New York Times Book Review, Washington Post,
 Oregonian and numerous other publications.


 COMPANY

 COMMUNITY

 ADVERTISE

 SUBSCRIPTION

 CONNECT


  Copyright © 2025 The Seattle Times | Privacy Statement | Notice At Collection | Do Not Sell My Personal Information | Terms of Service


Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services
development

Store and/or access information on a device
Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and
other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s),
or used specifically by this site or app.
Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by
managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in
privacy and cookie settings.

Consent Manage options


                         File: 2007 03 02_The Seattle Times_The Call of the Weird A bizarre journey to the fringes.pdf
                      URL: https://www.seattletimes.com/entertainment/books/the-call-of-the-weird-a-bizarre-journey-to-the-fringes/
