{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T14:05:43Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 133975, "source_ctime_ns": 1790218544452703866, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-02-09_Live-Science_The-Reality-of-Recent-UFO-Sightings.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790218543973770992, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2007-02-09_Live-Science_The-Reality-of-Recent-UFO-Sightings.pdf", "source_sha256": "6d8f61133b43a775a7828aa1d87173d3ad3f553d0c52f5b4948a23e51ad28cb3"}

Opentomenu
Skip   mainClose
            content
                 menu


Search Live Science Search Live Science

Subscribe
RSS
How It Works Magazine


      The ultimate action-packed science and technology magazine bursting with exciting information about the universe
      Subscribe today and save an extra 5% with checkout code 'LOVE5'
      Engaging articles, amazing illustrations & exclusive interviews
      Issues delivered straight to your door or device
From£21.99
View
Trending
      2025 full moons
      Postmortem memories
      Weird robots
      Diagnostic dilemma
      Stargazing 2025

The Reality of Recent UFO Sightings
News
By Benjamin Radford
published 9 February 2007


The Reality of Recent UFO Sightings
America has seen a spate of alleged UFO sightings in recent weeks and months. Eyewitnesses in Arizona, Illinois, Arkansas, North
Carolina, and other states have reported seeing mysterious lights and objects in the sky.
Among the sightings:
      In November 2006, United Airlines employees reported seeing a large, dark, “saucer-shaped” craft over a terminal at
      Chicago’s O’Hare airport. It hovered for a while, then suddenly rose and shot up into the sky.
                                  File: 2007 02 09_Live Science_The Reality of Recent UFO Sightings.pdf
                                        URL: https://www.livescience.com/4343-reality-ufo-sightings.html
      In January 2007, multiple eyewitnesses reported seeing a formation of mysterious bright lights in the sky over western
      Arkansas, moving too slowly to be aircraft.
      Similar lights were reported this week over Phoenix.
Could such sightings be alien spacecraft? Of course it’s possible; many things are possible. The question is not what is possible but
what is probable—what evidence and logic suggest. Before jumping to conclusions about ETs in spacecraft, we must look at the
most likely explanations.
What's more likely?
Without some independent confirmation or other evidence, it’s hard to know what the United Airlines employees might have seen.
But is it more likely that they saw an optical illusion, or that a large, unknown object hovered over one of the country’s busiest
airports without being seen by anyone else or appearing on radar?
      Strange Circles of Light Explained
      North America's 'Loch Ness Monster' Spotted Again
      The Story Behind the 'Alien Autopsy' Hoax
      The Reality of Bigfoot
The lights over Arkansas and Arizona had something in common: they were both seen near military bases, at a time when Air Force
pilots were dropping very bright flares from parachutes during training. The flares, producing in some cases nearly 2 million
candlepower, would be visible for miles.
So is it more likely that the mysterious lights were actually alien spacecraft, or that people simply saw the aerial magnesium flares
released at the same time and place? (It would in fact be much more mysterious if no one had reported seeing lights in the sky at that
time!)
Get the world’s most fascinating discoveries delivered straight to your inbox.

Your Email Address             Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our
trusted partners or sponsors Sign me up

By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over.
Any object seen in the sky, especially at night, can be very difficult to identify because of the limitations of human perception.
Knowing how far away something is helps us determine its size and speed; that’s why we know that moving cars seen at a distance
aren’t really smaller, nor are they moving slowly; it’s simply an optical illusion. If the eyewitness doesn’t know the distance, then he
or she cannot determine the size. Is that thing in the sky twenty feet long and 200 yards away, or is it 200 feet long and a mile away?
It’s impossible to know, and this makes estimates of size, distance and speed very unreliable.
Recipe for a UFO
There is a more fundamental problem with such sightings, and it is revealed in the acronym UFO: unidentified flying object.
All that is needed to create a UFO sighting is one person who may not recognize a light or object in the sky. But just because one
person—or even several people—can’t immediately identify or explain something they see doesn’t mean that someone else with
more training or experience (or even the same person seeing the same object from a different angle) may not instantly recognize it.
Astronomers, who spend the most time looking at the sky, rarely report UFOs. This is because they often recognize aerial
phenomena (odd clouds, comets, etc.) that the average person would consider strange or unexplainable.
Benjamin Radford is an investigator with the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry, and author of three books and hundreds of
articles on UFOs, Bigfoot, psychics, and other mysterious phenomena.
      Top Ten Unexplained Phenomena
      Fantastic Tales: Urban Legends Debunked
      All About Urban Myths, Legends, and Hoaxes
      10 Alien Encounters Debunked
      The Biggest Popular Myths
Benjamin Radford is the Bad Science columnist for Live Science. He covers pseudoscience, psychology, urban legends and the
science behind "unexplained" or mysterious phenomenon. Ben has a master's degree in education and a bachelor's degree in
                                    File: 2007 02 09_Live Science_The Reality of Recent UFO Sightings.pdf
                                          URL: https://www.livescience.com/4343-reality-ufo-sightings.html
psychology. He is deputy editor of Skeptical Inquirer science magazine and has written, edited or contributed to more than 20
books, including "Scientific Paranormal Investigation: How to Solve Unexplained Mysteries," "Tracking the Chupacabra: The
Vampire Beast in Fact, Fiction, and Folklore" and “Investigating Ghosts: The Scientific Search for Spirits,” out in fall 2017. His
website is www.BenjaminRadford.com.


Alien life may look nothing like life on Earth — so how should we go about looking for it?


12 strange reasons humans haven't found alien life yet


Undersea volcano off Oregon coast could erupt this year, geologists predict
See more latest ►

Most Popular


                                    File: 2007 02 09_Live Science_The Reality of Recent UFO Sightings.pdf
                                          URL: https://www.livescience.com/4343-reality-ufo-sightings.html
LATEST ARTICLES


   1.
      1
   2. 2
   3. 3
   4. 4
   5. 5
Live Science is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.
        About Us
        Contact Future's experts
        Terms and conditions
        Privacy policy
        Cookies policy
        Accessibility Statement
        Advertise with us
        Web notifications
        Careers
        Editorial standards
        How to pitch a story to us
© Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.


                                     File: 2007 02 09_Live Science_The Reality of Recent UFO Sightings.pdf
                                           URL: https://www.livescience.com/4343-reality-ufo-sightings.html
