{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T21:54:20Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 123948, "source_ctime_ns": 1788518017903769893, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-09-04_Space-com_Spore-is-More-Build-Your-Own-Alien-at-Home.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788518017899253672, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-09-04_Space-com_Spore-is-More-Build-Your-Own-Alien-at-Home.pdf", "source_sha256": "b2f76211d36eeb40c6b4afd2450b5691db4683ae0c37448fa880e4491444185f"}

Opentomenu
Skip   mainClose
            content
                 menu


Search Space Search Space

Subscribe
RSS

                                     All About Space Magazine


       Jam packed issues filled with the latest cutting-edge research, technology and theories delivered in an entertaining and
       visually stunning way, aiming to educate and inspire readers of all ages
       Engaging articles, breathtaking images and expert knowledge
       Issues delivered straight to your door


                               File: 2008 09 04_Space com_Spore is More Build Your Own Alien at Home.pdf
                                         URL: https://www.space.com/5798-spore-build-alien-home.html
  From£24.99
  View
Trending
      Parker Solar Probe survives sun flyby!
      Next Full Moon
      Aurora Forecast
      Night sky tonight!
      Best Telescopes
      Best Binoculars
      Best Star Projectors
      Lego Star Wars deals
      Best Drones
      Space Calendar
      Solar System Planets

Spore is More: Build Your Own Alien at Home
News
By Seth Shostak
published 5 September 2008


A image promoting the new video game Spore. (Image credit: Electronic Arts)
"It'sjust a video game!" I hear you say. Well, sure, it is. And "StarTrek" was just a television show, too.
                                 File: 2008 09 04_Space com_Spore is More Build Your Own Alien at Home.pdf
                                           URL: https://www.space.com/5798-spore-build-alien-home.html
Except thatit wasn't. The starship Enterprise sailed an impressive track from weeklyentertainment to cult program, to lucrative
franchise, to archetypicalembodiment of our dreams for the future.
Spore may follow in its wake. The newtitle from powerhouse video game developer Electronic Arts, hitting the shelvesand download
sites this week, is an example of art imitating science. The gameis the brainchild of Will Wright, the fellow who designed such
hotentertainment properties as Sim City and Sim Earth. These games allowed playersto do what Julius Caesar had in mind: namely,
run a city or build an empire(without the danger of being knifed in the Forum).
In Spore,you create life forms that compete for survival in a sort of "DNAeconomy," and seek to extend their influence from a single
planet to thegalactic realm. One of its more appealing functions — building complex crittersthat appear in the game — is
accomplished in Spore's Creature Creator. Thissoftware accessory gives you the parts and power to quickly design your ownaliens,
starting with a basic body form and adding appendages, facial features andvarious skin textures and colors. Even serious scientists
can quickly becomeenamored of this interactive Mr. Alien Potato Head. Here at the SETI Institute, Frank Drake, Jill Tarter andthis
author have enthusiastically cobbled together our own pet sentients. WillWright says that his conception of Spore was significantly
inspired by theastrobiology work we are doing here (more below).
This is allgood fun, and preliminary indications suggest that EA's creation could soon be therage of young gamers everywhere. But
Spore may, like "StarTrek," have significant spin-offs.
That'sbecause something seems to happen to kids between the ages of 8 and 12. Many ofthem develop a compelling interest in
some subject — be it dinosaurs, history,art, astronomy or even human culture. These interests are durable. If you askbiologists how
long they've been interested in biology, they'll tell you"forever," but they usually mean since they were 11 (or thereabouts).
Why thishappens is unclear. Maybe nature has found that having "experts"among the population has survival value for the species.
That could be just popphysiology claptrap, but irrespective of the actual reason, prepubescent kidsare like potting soil, waiting for
something exciting to grow.
Breaking space news, the latest updates on rocket launches, skywatching events and more!

Your Email Address              Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our
trusted partners or sponsors Sign me up

By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over.
I askedFrank Drake how he became interested in science. "As a kid, I bicycled to Chicago's Museum of Science and Industry every
week," he said. "It was justendlessly interesting, and before long I was building Tesla coils and crystalsets."
A small toyhooked SETI Institute astrobiologist Mark Showalter: "When I was ten, Igot a small prism as a present. Breaking up
sunlight into a spectrum ? thatturned me on to science."
PeterBackus, a SETI colleague, credits his father for his fascination with thecosmos. "He would take me on fishing trips, and point
out theconstellations."
For me, itwas movies: sci-fi films that were cheesier than an extra-large pizzamargherita. There wasn't much real science in these
potboilers, but that wasbeside the point. They hooked me emotionally. That was the key. Facts, methods,the relevant mathematics ?
all that stuff I could learn later.
When you'reyoung, it's the inspiration that counts — the emotional appeal.
Spore may be just a video game to mostadults — another hi-tech distraction for the kids. Maybe parents will be happythat it doesn't
involve wasting bad guys or stealing cars. But its true importmight only become apparent down the road. Twenty years from now, if
you ask thefolks in the labs, the domes and the field sites how they got there, they justmight answer, "Well, it was because of a game
I played as a kid ? "
About Spore'screator
Will Wrighthas frequently visited the SETI Institute, and says he drew inspiration for thenew game from its various research
programs. In particular, the Institute's CarlSagan Center has over 60 scientists investigating such topics as thepossibility of life on
Mars (both now and in the past), other solar systemhabitats such as the moons of Jupiter and Saturn, and how life got started
onEarth.
Because ofthe close relationship of the SETI Institute and Spore's visionary creator, theInstitute is offering a special "green
membership" to those wishingto become part of its research efforts by joining TeamSETI. Additionalinformation on membership can
                                  File: 2008 09 04_Space com_Spore is More Build Your Own Alien at Home.pdf
                                            URL: https://www.space.com/5798-spore-build-alien-home.html
be found here.
      SPACE.com TV: Reflections on Fermi's Paradox
      Video Player: Listening for Life
      Newsarama.com: Long-Awaited 'Star Trek' MMO Finally Gets Warp Speed
Join our Space Forums to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip,
correction or comment, let us know at: community@space.com.
Seth Shostak is an astronomer at the SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Institute in Mountain View, California, who
places a high priority on communicating science to the public. In addition to his many academic papers, Seth has published hundreds
of popular science articles, and not just for Space.com; he makes regular contributions to NBC News MACH, for example. Seth
has also co-authored a college textbook on astrobiology and written three popular science books on SETI, including "Confessions
of an Alien Hunter" (National Geographic, 2009). In addition, Seth ahosts the SETI Institute's weekly radio show, "Big Picture
Science."


We finally know where to look for life on Mars


NASA's nuclear-powered Dragonfly helicopter will ride a SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket toward Saturn moon Titan


Newly uncovered oxygen reaction could aid the search for alien life
See more latest ►

Most Popular


                                File: 2008 09 04_Space com_Spore is More Build Your Own Alien at Home.pdf
                                          URL: https://www.space.com/5798-spore-build-alien-home.html
MORE FROM SPACE...


   1.
      1
   2. 2
   3. 3
   4. 4
   5. 5
Space is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.
        About Us
        Contact Future's experts
        Terms and conditions
        Privacy policy
        Cookies policy
        Accessibility Statement
        Advertise with us
        Web notifications
        Careers
© Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.


                                   File: 2008 09 04_Space com_Spore is More Build Your Own Alien at Home.pdf
                                             URL: https://www.space.com/5798-spore-build-alien-home.html
