{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T21:38:17Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 28336, "source_ctime_ns": 1790770590096855645, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20080407-Revenue-and-Technology-of-Clandestine-Organizations-382-551ad27b14.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790770589154469195, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20080407-Revenue-and-Technology-of-Clandestine-Organizations-382-551ad27b14.pdf", "source_sha256": "33ba0be8bbfa7e7369624ecd7135dc3740f74bed993347ad257f7e189ddd8e72"}

Revenue and Technology of Clandestine Organizations


  Subject: Revenue and Technology of Clandestine Organizations
  From: "WebNews" <KING_FOLP@YAHOO.COM>
  Date: 07/04/2008, 04:40
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.america-at-war,alt.conspiracy.antichrist,alt.conspiracy.area51,alt.conspiracy.area-
  51,alt.conspiracy.beyondweird,alt.conspiracy.blacc,alt.conspiracy.black,alt.conspiracy.black.helicopters,alt.conspiracy.british-
  telecom

  Revenue and Technology of Clandestine Organizations
  Where the Clandestine Organizations revenue comes from
  And how to look for their agents.

  Huge sums of cash flow daily into the GM manufacturing plant in Detroit.
  Huge sums of cash flow out of GM. GM is in the loan business.
  They loan out money for the pretense of selling a buyer a new car.
  GM in detroit is the new Clandestine Organizations factory.
  The Clandestine Intestinal Agent walks onto a car lot with no money.
  The Clandestine Intestinal agent walks away with a $50,000.00 dollar loan
  and a new car, defaulting on the loan, selling the car as soon as they are
  off the lot to some one who reports it stolen, after taking it to the chop
  shop recon emporium. So he, or the same guy, walks away with insurance money
  for the car, which is the amount of the loan he started with, plus the
  amount he pockets for reselling the newly re-titled recon car on a used car
  lot!
  Could the Used Car Dealer lots selling NEW YEAR model vehicles with the
  recon title be fronts for the Clandestine Organization? Perhaps. Thats where
  the weak link is. They must buy and sell NEW YEAR model vehicles cars. Look
  for them. Use the insurance claims records of stolen high priced items,
  including NEW YEAR model vehicles, antique guns, coins, jewlery anything
  else without serial numbers to back trace to the Clandestine Organization
  agents. Insurance scam. Just look over the insurence records to find the
  high priced items like jewlery that have no serial numbers. The people that
  are reporting the stolen items are not worried about the price of insurence.
  They make one payment no matter what it costs, reporting the item stolen,
  getting the insurence money. They then pass the untracable item to the next
  Clandestine Organizations agent and the process starts all over again. These
  rare artifacts never enter the general publics hands, remaining in the
  secluded famions is made up of. So look for a family link.
  The bad defaulted loan is written off on the books as that, a bad loan. The
  car is chopped shopped, dismantelled, retitled. The Clandestine Organization
  agent walks away with more cash. Use the recon titles to back trace to the
  Clandestine Organization agents via NEW YEAR model vehicles with a recon
  title. LOOK FOR THEM. The agent walks away with $100,000.00 and free to do
  what ever the Clandestine Organization wants him to.
  More money comes from defaulted Loans.
  Chase Manhatten sends out to the Clandestine Organization Agents a maximum
  limit VISA card, whom then maxes it out buying a product which can quickly
  be dumped for cash. Perhaps a new car? Or uses it all year for needed items
  untill it is maxed. Then defaulted on. Look for new identities given out
  with new Social Security numbers by the Social Security Administration.
  More money comes from Embezlement.
  Just by sneeking a penny or two off each transaction. Large sums are amassed
  by manipulating the books, attributed to accounting errors, or rounding up.
  Just by filling up your fuel tank the fractions of a cent are skimmed off,
  Embezled and contribute to the funding of the Clandestine Intestinal Agents
  revenue.
  The Clandestine Intestinal Agents are the CPA's at (Name WithHeld). They
  are able to move large amounts of money off the ledger books, hiding the
  money. Clandestine Intestinal Agents are certified Public Accountants. They
  have three white vinyl training manuals. Their white vinyl training manuals
  have red letting CPA on the spine.
  LOOK FOR THEM.

  Why are there the loop holes to allow their agents to steal money you ask?
  To keep the Separatist identities hidden.
  Who owns the secret space age techknowledgy? Not the US GoV.
  Perhaps (Name WithHeld), (Name WithHeld), (Name WithHeld) money is involved.
  Two of the men were involved with funding Nicoli Teslas research into free
  energy from the iona sphere, cyclotrons and sonic weapons. Farther back the
  money obviously came from the Church a thousand years ago. The Church
  libarary has documents that describe advanced electronic applications.
  Why is (Name WithHeld), the man that brought (Invention WithHeld) to every
  home in New York, Chicgago, exc..., not mentioned as one of the riches men
  to have lived. Why is their no mention of him in the books. Why can't I buy


20080407-Revenue and Technology of Clandestine Organizations-382.html[12/03/2022 10:20:48]
Revenue and Technology of Clandestine Organizations

  a biography of (Name WithHeld)?

  PART TWO
  The Technology
  I hear the Clandestine Organization flying the WHITE JETS are the Separatist
  Movement. I hear they have MAOOPS Technolgy, Multiple Alternating Out of
  Phase Stealth equipment.
  This allows them to have Digital Vid cams and Intercom units on their head,
  allowing them to record and transmit everything they see and hear to their
  remote watchers at offices with lazyboy chairs and TVs and you can not see
  it. They see. They watch. They then tell their remote viewer what to look at
  or say. That is the buzz word, Remote Viewer, if you want to be one too.
  I also hear they are humans, banished from another planet, that are taking
  over this planet with swing club parties, satanic devil worship, child
  molestation, and murder. Their slogan is "IT'S ALL GOOD", or "AIN'T NOTHING
  WRONG". If those things sound appealing to you, join their army. Listen for
  that phrase being said every where.
  If in tough situations you ask yourself, "What would Curly do?", you might
  be a candidate as a Clandestine Organizations' agent.
  The type of profile they want are Three Stooges fans, adults that broke
  their toys as children, Index fingers shorter then their ring fingers, high
  school outcasts, power mongers, thugs. Oh yea, they love to find someone
  that fits the profile of a criminal with crimes that have not been proven
  and have not been found guilty of. They love to get the evidence and black
  mail them, make them do what ever they want, make you pay them money. Other
  wise, haha, they will screw you, back stab you and have you arrested for
  those crimes. That's why they encourage you to chant "IT'S ALL GOOD" or
  "AIN'T NOTHING WRONG". You get the idea. On the bright side they do have
  enemies in the government. Some people do know what is going on. The weak
  link of their technology (1. Vocabulary of Knowledge), (2. EMP), (3.
  Marijuana, Theophylln).
  If they, for some reason, choose to make you one of their recruits and you
  don't have a clue about what is going on, tell them to fuck off. If you
  don't they will tell you to change your religion, if it's not satanic devil
  worship. They will tell you to change your sexualality, if your not a
  homosexual. They will tell you to change your life style, if your not an out
  going individual. If "IT'S ALL GOOD" sounds great to you a "Sign and Burn"
  pact with the Devil agreement will be printed for you.
  If you don't want to they will tell you will have to live in squalor. They
  are the Big Bad Wolf. They will HUFF and PUFF and BLOW your house down. If
  you don't do what they want or pay them blackmail money they will torture
  you with their high tech electronic equipment which is not biocompatible to
  the human body. They have the ability to damage your brain. Does the
  Clandestine Organization Members have anything to do with Psychiatric
  Hospitals? I'm not quit sure how much damage they can do to your brain. In
  my proffession I have seen worse case textbook symptoms of schizophrenia.
  Look at the pop star "B. S." (name withheld for confidential reasons),
  highly succesful, highly motivated, reduced to being locked in a psych ward
  on psychiatric meds in a few months time.
  TO BE CONTINUED...


  PART THREE
  The Physical Illnesses
  Physical Illnesses attributed to the Technology, often my be diagnosed by
  some physicians as a psychosomatic Illnesses.
  The illnesses are just not local to the involvment of the MID BRAIN. Also
  involved are the paratial lobes; temperal lobes (broccals areas); cerebelem.
  The spaces in the bone above the eyebrow in the forehead. The Spaces in the
  bone above the clef plate below the mid brain. And the fissures on the skull
  below the eye sockets and ears (The holes where nerves enter and exit out of
  the skull). Also the Sacram is involved. The ancient GODS believed the
  Sacram was sacred, thus the name.
  What ancient GODS?
  And of course the spinal column.
  The Thylamus; The Adreanal glands; The testicles; and the intestinal system.
  Hair system (why is their hair growing out of my ears?)

  The diseases are:
  Abnormal muscles under the eyes. You know the big puffy things. Thats a big
  give away that the person is knowingly or unwittingly invovled as a Super
  Secret Spy. Also a quick and easy test is a urinalysis for protein in the
  urine. Thats another sign your a SSS. sleepy eye lids.
  Homosexuality is another symptom of them. Complaints of a throbbing brain is
  another one.


20080407-Revenue and Technology of Clandestine Organizations-382.html[12/03/2022 10:20:48]
Revenue and Technology of Clandestine Organizations

  baldness, A.D.D, DEPRESSION, YUPPIE SYNDROME, DRUG SEEKING BEHAVIOR, POST
  TRAMATIC SYNDROME,
  poor impulse control, insomnia, drug withdrawl symptoms (bugs on the skin),
  sleepy eye lids, eyes turned to one another, scorching heat on the head,
  night sweats, pain in the bones, unexplained agitation, hiss sounds in the
  ear,   protein in the urine,

  TO BE CONTINUED...


20080407-Revenue and Technology of Clandestine Organizations-382.html[12/03/2022 10:20:48]
