{"created_utc": "2026-09-12T21:54:30Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 278182, "source_ctime_ns": 1788522264886522384, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-05-21_Boston-Magazine_A-Mishmashing-Success.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788522264874092808, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-05-21_Boston-Magazine_A-Mishmashing-Success.pdf", "source_sha256": "69f5fbb6b17659f686c3ebd9d5a1a3946f7027a26281e9a449ebb27be1ee52a7"}

A Mishmashing Success
 With its swirling décor, swankified vibe, and overwrought fusion menu, Banq has foodie nightmare written
                                   all over it. Funny thing, though: It works.

                                             by CORBY KUMMER · 5/21/2008, 9:35 a.m.


                    Devoted foodies and restaurant newbies love The Feed. Sign-up now for our twice weekly newsletter.

  EMAIL ADDRESS                                                                                                      SUBSCRIBE


Photo by Keller + Keller


                                          File: 2008 05 21_Boston Magazine_A Mishmashing Success.pdf
                                 URL: https://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/2008/05/21/a-mishmashing-success/
Another meteor has fallen to earth, this time in the South End. Seven years after Mantra hit the Ladder District like a UFO, maybe
we shouldn’t be surprised by Banq: It’s equally otherworldly, with a wild and strangely beautiful, if slightly disorienting, design, in a
once grand bank in a once shabby part of town; a loud, hip crowd; and oddly satisfying, if slightly disorienting, food.

But now, rather than Indian-French—which was unknown to Boston when Mantra opened—owner Hemant Chowdhry, along
with co-owner Mark Raab, has chosen Indian-French-Indonesian-Thai. Ingredients are borrowed from Indian and Indonesian
cuisines, techniques from both small villages and grand French kitchens. This makes for food less sumptuous than Mantra’s was
(today it’s more a nightclub than a restaurant, its culinary ambition now a memory), yet still carefully and artfully presented—and
sometimes more interesting. When the inventions succeed, they’re hits of a kind that seems altogether new, not just new to
Boston.

I haven’t eaten around India, but the Banq chef, Ranveer Brar, told me that in the posh but conservative New Delhi kitchens
where he once worked, creations like his would be unfamiliar and unwelcome. After cooking professionally in Singapore and
Thailand, he wanted to spread his wings in America; a chance meeting with Chowdhry and Raab at a world pastry competition in
Phoenix gave him his ticket.

We should be glad his first American stop is Boston. It might be generally as conservative as New Delhi, but if any neighborhood
will support adventurous cooking, it’s the South End—especially when the food is served in a room this stylish. You’ve probably
already seen pictures of Banq’s ceiling, with its white birch waves that undulate above and around diners like something Gaudí
would have put in an underground chapel. It’s at once intimate, restful, and exciting (though not great at muffling noise). The
building’s origins as a bank are practically invisible inside, though the Beaux Arts façade has been polished to a newly snooty
gleam.

It’s not the sort of exterior that would make you expect the dish that got my attention: the tea-smoked quail and date “cigar”
($12), which looks like a thin spring roll. Instead of vegetables, the filling is shredded quail, colored tobacco-brown with finely
chopped dates and flavored with blood orange rind and fresh mint. Brar told me he smokes the meat using tea leaves, maple
wood, and actual cigars; the sweetness of the dates and the light smoking make the quail taste like cigar-smoked ham—in a good
way. The dish is terrific, and the almond-tamarind shot served on the side is a nicely smooth-textured, sweet-sour complement.

No other appetizer I tried was such a knockout, but the relatively tame “Asian amuse” of coho salmon cubes grilled on a
sugarcane stick in a cherry tomato vinaigrette ($4.50) was satisfying and just unusual enough to be interesting. Kaffir lime leaves
add the seductively sweet citrus flavors that always draw me to Thai food, and the warm vinaigrette, half oil and half butter, lends
a French sheen. Steamed mussels ($9), flavored with another Thai-French blend of lemongrass, white wine, and “holy basil” (the
clove-scented Indian herb), are a refreshing take on a typically routine dish.

What might have been the most labor-intensive appetizer went several influences too far: mung bean crêpes stuffed with a wild
mushroom ragoût on Asian fruit tartare with grilled chèvre and arugula ($11). This could be a case of needing to know and like
Indian textures. I found the crêpes, made of a purée of fresh mung beans, unpleasantly mushy (a sensation not alleviated by the
shallot-and-cilantro-flavored yogurt sauce). And the rest of the flavors—none of them distinct or, for that matter, compensatingly
crunchy—seemed a confusing mishmash. By contrast, two perfectly seared scallops on a bed of mung bean purée ($5.50),
freshened with cilantro and chopped lime leaves, show just how good the chef’s experiments with what the menu cryptically calls a
“cosmopolitan palate” can be.

The entrées are less complicated if no less cosmopolitan. First-timers should go for the fire-charred sirloin ($26), excellent and
straightforward meat whose exotic counterparts come across as standard steak sides. Sliced taro root baked with cream and
white wine and flavored with caraway seed forms a comforting cake akin to a potato gratin, and broccolini cold-smoked over
maple with a honey-mirin sauce is a green veg with enough punch to stand up to the steak, yet not so much as to deter steakhouse
regulars.

My favorite entrée struck me as forcefully as the quail-date cigar, but it’s a tough sell: zucchini and tofu “steak” ($19). Right,
you’re put off already, and the steak does look like some suspect patty that could be gross health food. But it’s not gross, and it
doesn’t taste like health food. The zucchini is roasted and then mixed with tofu, subtly spiced with toasted cumin and coriander,
pounded till firm but not rubbery, and stuffed with homemade sun-dried tomatoes strongly flavored with Thai basil. You won’t
                                        File: 2008 05 21_Boston Magazine_A Mishmashing Success.pdf
                               URL: https://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/2008/05/21/a-mishmashing-success/
know there’s a shred of tofu in it. A lightly acidic yellow tomato coulis complements the “meat,” let’s call it, and a bed of
mushroomy noodles in a cream and garlic sauce has the mouth-filling weight of peanut sauce. The whole thing is so satisfying it
won over two tofu haters at my table.

The unconvinced have a few fish options. The best is the char-grilled haddock ($24) with a crisp top, served over bok choy and
accompanied by a nicely crunchy water chestnut ragoût and an extraneous sauce of olive-tomato butter. There’s poultry, too, but
based on the three dishes I tried, it’s better avoided. A chicken special was cardboard, though with an interesting soft lotus seed
cake and a semi-spicy black yam purée ($21); pan-seared Muscovy duck breast ($25) seemed dry and overdone because it was
coated with a grainy cinnamon glaze; the Cornish hen ($22) was also too dry, and the best part of the plate was a nest of chili-lime
fingerlings.

Desserts are more expertly made, if unremarkable, like the crowd-pleasing hazelnut and chocolate parfait with a mild kirsch
anglaise ($9). I liked the selection of crèmes brûlées ($9), served in dainty cups, with long, homemade pistachio cookies with the
crackle of the French biscuits called langues de chat (cat’s tongues).

Sure, Banq is uneven, and the sometimes overcomplicated menu and less-sure touch mean it’s not the fully formed phenomenon
Mantra was the night it landed. But with prices this reasonable and surroundings this exciting, complaints are carping. Go and be
allured.

Read More About:
  Dining Out        Restaurant Reviews          Restaurants


                                                 You Might Also Like


       Where to Eat in Greater Boston in January 2025


 27 Great Gifts for Fun Food People: Kitchenware, Merch, and
                                       File: 2008 05 21_Boston Magazine_A Mishmashing Success.pdf
                              URL: https://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/2008/05/21/a-mishmashing-success/
  27 Great Gifts for Fun Food People: Kitchenware, Merch, and
                             More


      Where to Warm Up with Hot Cocktails around Boston


                                                                   TRENDING
 1 New Restaurants to Try in Boston, January 2025

 2 Farm-to-Table Restaurant Fallow Kin Opens Soon in Cambridge

 3 The Top 10 Most Popular Boston Magazine Stories of 2024

 4 The Secret Lives of the New England Aquarium Penguins

 5 Real Estate Showdown: A Beacon Hill Condo vs. a Dover Colonial

                                                              IN THIS SECTION


 About Contact Masthead Magazine Subscribe Advertise Customer Service Careers and Internships at BostonMagazine Privacy Policy


 2025 © Bostonmagazine. All Rights Reserved.


Privacy Preferences
                                            File: 2008 05 21_Boston Magazine_A Mishmashing Success.pdf
                                   URL: https://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/2008/05/21/a-mishmashing-success/
