{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T10:41:21Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 66273, "source_ctime_ns": 1790184915514482645, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-10-09_Universe-Today_Messages-From-Earth-Beamed-to-Alien-World.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790184915461739263, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-10-09_Universe-Today_Messages-From-Earth-Beamed-to-Alien-World.pdf", "source_sha256": "4ea7a2cb9475ef9bef1a68bb920fbdf08f60991a9dae7f85d74b1fd0a63b440b"}

RT-70 radar telescope in Evpatoria, Ukraine


[/caption]

The powerful opening scene of the movie “Contact” portrays radio and television signals
from Earth heading out into space. Then later in the film, shockingly, one of those signals —
a televised speech by Adolf Hitler — is beamed back as a reply. Could that really happen?
Could an alien civilization “find” us from our inherent noise? Or, if we want other intelligent
life to know we’re here, will we have to take a more proactive or aggressive approach?
Perhaps we’ll find out. Today, messages from Earth were beamed specifically at an alien
world considered capable of supporting life, the planet Gliese 581c, a “super-Earth” located
approximately 20 light years from us. The social networking site Bebo sponsored a
competition for young people to share their views and concerns of life on Earth, and the
winners’ messages were transmitted this morning from a radio telescope in Ukraine. Bebo
was assisted by Dr. Alexander Zaitsev, who says the only way alien civilizations might find
us is if we specifically make ourselves known.

501 photos, drawings and text messages were translated into binary format and beamed
through space in a four and a half hour transmission by the huge RT-70 radar telescope in
Evpatoria, Ukraine, normally used to track asteroids.

The transmission started at 0600 GMT on October 9. Oli Madgett, from the media
company RDF Digital who came up with the idea, said the message “passed the Moon in 1.7
seconds, Mars in just four minutes and will leave our Solar System before breakfast
tomorrow”. The media company footed the $40,000 (£20,000) bill for the transmission.

The message should reach the Gliese system by about 2029. Any reply to the messages
probably wouldn’t reach Earth for 40 years.

Bebo’s intent was to raise awareness for the concerns that young people have for the
future of Earth, and to generate interest in space exploration. Bebo spokesman Mark
Charkin said, “A ‘Message From Earth’ presents an opportunity for the digital natives of
today… to reconnect with science and the wider universe in a simple, fun and immersive
way.”

Dr. Zaitsev was a consultant for the project, and is one of the world’s experts in interstellar
radio communication and is Chief Scientist of the Radio Engineering and Electronics
Institute, at the Russian Academy of Science. His early work helped design and implement
radar devices to study Mercury, Venus and Mars and Near-Earth asteroid radar research.
Lately, he has focused on interstellar radio messaging, and what he calls METI – Messaging
to Extra Terrestrial Intelligence.

“The leakage is of commercial television radio is much weaker than coherent sounding
radar signals, such as the Arecibo Radio Telescope or the Goldstone Solar System Radar,”
Zaitsev told Universe Today. “The leakage is weakly detectable against a background of
solar radio emissions. I do not say that any imaginable super-aggressive and powerful
civilization cannot detect our leakage, however.”

Update 10/10: Zaitsev added that the idea of the A Message From Earth internet project
was developed in 2002 from his abstract Project METI@home: Messages to ETI from
               File: 2008 10 09_Universe Today_Messages From Earth Beamed to Alien World.pdf
             URL: https://www.universetoday.com/19335/messages-from-earth-beamed-to-alien-world/
           home,
           (in English), and (in Russian). End of update.

           As opposed to SETI, the Search for Extra Terrestrial Intelligence, METI takes a more
           proactive approach. In his paper “Making the Case for METI,” Zaitsev and two colleagues
           wrote, “It is possible we live in a galaxy where everyone is listening and no one is speaking.
           In order to learn of each others’ existence – and science – someone has to make the first
           move.”

           Zaitsev has been involved in several deliberate transmissions to space in hopes of making
           contact. “Otherwise,” he said, “centers of intelligence are doomed to remain lonely,
           unobserved civilizations.”

           METI, as well as the Bebo project, takes a complete opposite approach from the recently
           formed WETI – Wait for Extra Terrestrial Intelligence.

           Source: BBC


               E X T R A S O L A R P L A NE T S, S E T I


           32 Replies to “Messages From Earth Beamed to Alien World”
           Comments are closed.


           PREVI O US

              This Week’s “Where In the Universe?” Challenge
           NE X T

           Mission’s End Approaching for Phoenix Lander


           Privacy Policy / Proudly powered by WordPress


Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services
development

Store and/or access information on a device

How can I change my choice?
What if I don't consent?
How does legitimate interest work?
                          File: 2008 10 09_Universe Today_Messages From Earth Beamed to Alien World.pdf
                        URL: https://www.universetoday.com/19335/messages-from-earth-beamed-to-alien-world/
Do I have to consent to everything?

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other
device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used
specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by
managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy
and cookie settings.

   Consent          Do not consent

   Manage options


                        File: 2008 10 09_Universe Today_Messages From Earth Beamed to Alien World.pdf
                      URL: https://www.universetoday.com/19335/messages-from-earth-beamed-to-alien-world/
