{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T11:29:12Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 131334, "source_ctime_ns": 1790226730634405409, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-04-23_Live-Science_Mysterious-Phoenix-Lights-a-UFO-Hoax.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790226730619031307, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-04-23_Live-Science_Mysterious-Phoenix-Lights-a-UFO-Hoax.pdf", "source_sha256": "a7effeeeb936382d571371626c508dc58f9df4ddce5c4e389f8b10225c5a7ca8"}

Opentomenu
Skip   mainClose
            content
                 menu


Search Live Science Search Live Science

Subscribe
RSS
How It Works Magazine


      The ultimate action-packed science and technology magazine bursting with exciting information about the universe
      Subscribe today and save an extra 5% with checkout code 'LOVE5'
      Engaging articles, amazing illustrations & exclusive interviews
      Issues delivered straight to your door or device
From£21.99
View
Trending
      Science news this week
      Polar vortex
      Discovery of ancient battlefield
      Undersea volcano
      Stargazing 2025

Mysterious Phoenix Lights a UFO Hoax
News
By Benjamin Radford
published 23 April 2008


Benjamin Radford is a writer, investigator, and managing editor for Skeptical Inquirer science magazine. [Bad Science Column
Archive]
On Monday evening, April 21, mysterious lights were seen over Phoenix, Arizona. At just after eight, hundreds of residents called
police and local news media to report four bright red lights hovering silently over the city. They changed shape after a while, moving
from a triangular to rectangular configuration, then disappeared one by one.
The Air Force had no explanation for the lights, and air traffic controllers said that whatever was causing the lights didn't show up on
radar. Theories abounded, with UFOs and aliens of course being very popular. One UFO enthusiast named Jeff Woolwine said that
                                   File: 2008 04 23_Live Science_Mysterious Phoenix Lights a UFO Hoax.pdf
                                  URL: https://www.livescience.com/2483-mysterious-phoenix-lights-ufo-hoax.html
he is certain that the lights are from alien spaceships.
The lights remained a mystery and became a national media story.
The case took a twist two days later when a local television station aired a startling confession by an anonymous hoaxer: He had
created the UFO lights using road flares tied to helium balloons, launching them in one-minute increments. Some people were
amused by the hoax, others were angered, and many conspiracy-minded UFO buffs were skeptical of such a mundane explanation.
It's true that just because a person has confessed to a hoax doesn't mean the case is solved. After all, people often falsely confess to
things they didn't do—including murder (for example, John Mark Carr falsely confessed to killing JonBenet Ramsey in 2006). A
confession (especially an anonymous one) by itself is not credible unless corroborated by physical evidence. In this case, however,
the evidence is overwhelming that the Phoenix Lights were indeed a hoax. Let's consider the facts.
1) The formation of the lights is consistent with independently moving objects, not fixed lights on an aircraft. They rose into the air
together, stayed in more or less the same formation while in the same air currents, then drifted apart as they gained altitude. Also, the
mysterious lights drifted toward the east—the same direction as the wind.
2) Air traffic controllers reported that nothing showed up on their radar. If the lights were the only visible part of a metallic spaceship
or airplane, they would have been clearly on radar. However, "UFOs" consisting of small balloons, road flares, and some fishing line
would be invisible to radar.
Get the world’s most fascinating discoveries delivered straight to your inbox.

Your Email Address              Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our
trusted partners or sponsors Sign me up

By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over.
3) The way the lights disappeared also supports the hoax theory. They did not zoom away at high speed, as one might expect from
an aircraft. Nor did they all suddenly and mysteriously disappear. Instead, eyewitnesses reported that the lights were visible for
between 15 and 30 minutes, until they went out one by one. This is exactly the pattern we would expect to see from flares that were
lit (and launched) in sequence: they would go up, remain lit for about 20 minutes, then first flare would extinguish. A minute or two
later the second would burn out, and so on.
4) One of the hoaxer's neighbors, a Mr. Mailo, actually saw the hoaxer launch the helium balloons and flares. Mailo said the flares
were lit about 8 p.m., just before the UFO lights were first sighted. Thus the mysterious Phoenix Lights of 2008 are explained. Any
object seen in the sky, especially at night, can be very difficult to identify, and it's no wonder that the lights puzzled many people. All
that is needed to create a UFO sighting is one person who may not recognize a light or object in the sky. But just because people —
even thousands of people — don't know what they are seeing doesn't mean that someone else (maybe a hoaxer), doesn't know
exactly what it is.
This is not the first time that strange lights have appeared in the dark skies over Phoenix. In 1997, similar lights were reported by
hundreds; the military had been dropping flares over a nearby testing range, though many UFO believers rejected that explanation as
part of a military cover-up.
The Phoenix Lights of 2008 shows just how easy it is to fool the public and create a media stir. All it takes is a few balloons and
flares, some spare time, and a mischievous streak.
       Ten Alien Encounters Debunked
       The Reality of UFO Sightings in 2007
       Top 10 Unexplained Phenomena
Benjamin Radford has researched mysterious phenomena, including UFO sightings, crop circles and lake monsters, for
over a decade. His books and films can be found on his website.
TOPICS
light
Benjamin Radford is the Bad Science columnist for Live Science. He covers pseudoscience, psychology, urban legends and the
science behind "unexplained" or mysterious phenomenon. Ben has a master's degree in education and a bachelor's degree in
psychology. He is deputy editor of Skeptical Inquirer science magazine and has written, edited or contributed to more than 20
books, including "Scientific Paranormal Investigation: How to Solve Unexplained Mysteries," "Tracking the Chupacabra: The
Vampire Beast in Fact, Fiction, and Folklore" and “Investigating Ghosts: The Scientific Search for Spirits,” out in fall 2017. His
website is www.BenjaminRadford.com.
                                    File: 2008 04 23_Live Science_Mysterious Phoenix Lights a UFO Hoax.pdf
                                   URL: https://www.livescience.com/2483-mysterious-phoenix-lights-ufo-hoax.html
Alien life may look nothing like life on Earth — so how should we go about looking for it?


12 strange reasons humans haven't found alien life yet


Hypnosis is real — and it can help with IBS, poor sleep and anxiety, experts say
See more latest ►

Most Popular


                                  File: 2008 04 23_Live Science_Mysterious Phoenix Lights a UFO Hoax.pdf
                                 URL: https://www.livescience.com/2483-mysterious-phoenix-lights-ufo-hoax.html
LATEST ARTICLES


   1.
      1
   2. 2
   3. 3
   4. 4
   5. 5
Live Science is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.
        About Us
        Contact Future's experts
        Terms and conditions
        Privacy policy
        Cookies policy
        Accessibility Statement
        Advertise with us
        Web notifications
        Careers
        Editorial standards
        How to pitch a story to us
© Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.


                                      File: 2008 04 23_Live Science_Mysterious Phoenix Lights a UFO Hoax.pdf
                                     URL: https://www.livescience.com/2483-mysterious-phoenix-lights-ufo-hoax.html
