{"created_utc": "2026-09-13T18:26:51Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 314611, "source_ctime_ns": 1788561986672751646, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-01-04_Den-of-Geek_Underappreciated-TV-UFO.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788561986663900982, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-01-04_Den-of-Geek_Underappreciated-TV-UFO.pdf", "source_sha256": "6b55de3fce785b185bccc150f2d23d642f48673f3984b8ab4134b1ee9f0aa6e5"}

By January 4, 2008 |                       |


In the ten years that his production
company had been profitably making
marionette series such as Thunderbirds and
Captain Scarlet, Gerry Anderson was
dreaming about making a real TV show with
live actors. The series had been collectively
heading that way anyway, with increased
realism in the character physiognomies in
Scarlet and Joe 90, and the experimental,
partly live-action 1969 Stanley Unwin
vehicle The Secret Service. But it was the live-
action Gerry Anderson film, the 2001-
inspired Doppelganger (1969, US title Journey
To The Far Side Of The Sun) from which
inspiration –and UFO principals Ed Bishop
and George Sewell- would be drawn for a
new and more adult-oriented saga of alien
invasion.

                         File: 2008 01 04_Den of Geek_Underappreciated TV UFO.pdf
                          URL: https://www.denofgeek.com/tv/underappreciated-tv-ufo/
The Set-Up

Set in 1980 (and made in 1969/70), UFO
followed the reliable Anderson formula of a
top secret and well-provisioned earth
defence network, the ominous but coolly-
named SHADO (Supreme Headquarters
Alien Defence Organisation), a worldwide
but US-led military coalition with its
strategic headquarters hidden under a film
studio in London, and it’s American
Commander-In-Chief, Ed Straker (Bishop)
masquerading part time as the joint head of
the studio.

The secret menace SHADO fought against
was a dying race of liquid-breathing aliens
intent on harvesting usable organs from the
earth-people that it abducted during sneak
forays into our atmosphere in discreet
centrifugal spacecraft.


The defence fleet consisted of S.I.D. (Space
Intruder Detector), a sentient satellite that
would make initial sitings; three missile-
carrying Interceptors on a lunar base
comprising the first line of defence; a roving,
bipartite submarine called Skydiver, the
nozzle of which was a fighter jet that could
detach from the sub and counter-attack
UFOs that got through into the Earth’s
atmosphere; and the all-terrain SHADO-
mobiles, armoured and laser-bearing trucks
to hunt down landed aliens where co-
ordinates were available. There were a
number of other ancillary and support craft
in SHADO, including a floating lunar
transporter, an Earth-moon shuttle, a 747-
scale troop carrier and a very snazzy
helicopter, not to mention Straker’s sleek
(but, sadly, brown) car with the fly-up doors.

                        File: 2008 01 04_Den of Geek_Underappreciated TV UFO.pdf
                         URL: https://www.denofgeek.com/tv/underappreciated-tv-ufo/
Angst

It is reported that the anguish of Gerry
Anderson’s failing marriage to – and
impending divorce of – Sylvia Anderson (the
voice of Lady Penelope in Thunderbirds)
informed the preternaturally dark tone of
UFO. The show dealt extensively not only
with the pressure of Straker’s command but
with his personal life. In a genuinely
harrowing story arc which threatened the
‘closed episode’ structure of the series, the
writers explored the accidental death of
Straker’s son in a freak car accident after the
otherwise stony-faced chief had enjoyed a
happy ‘divorced dad’ weekend with the lad,
in the episode A Question Of Priorities.

Straker relives this nightmare under literally
tons of pressure, stranded in a wrecked
Skydiver at the bottom of the ocean, in the
disaster-episode Sub Smash. Interestingly,
the ‘recap’ footage is not part of the kind of
cheap ‘round-up’ episode that employs
series segments to fill one episode’s
runtime, but a single, intensely painful fog of
sorrow as Straker lies dying.

Scheduling UFO

The show dealt –admittedly often quite
clumsily- with racial and gender issues, as
well as drug abuse and the emotional effects
of death and loss. This made scheduling it a
nightmare for the networks, since in many
ways it retained a lot of appeal for the same
children who had enjoyed Thunderbirds and
other Anderson puppet series: superb
special effects and model-work from British
effects maestro Derek Meddings; very cool
alien and future-tech hardware; fights in
space, on earth and in the earth’s
atmosphere; and tense and well-written
                         File: 2008 01 04_Den of Geek_Underappreciated TV UFO.pdf
                          URL: https://www.denofgeek.com/tv/underappreciated-tv-ufo/
dramatic situations.


In the mid-1970s in the UK, UFO was shown
at 11.00pm weeknights; in the nineties,
Bravo showed it at 6pm, as did the BBC (who
had leased the show from Carlton) a few
years later, though the Beeb also showed it
on Saturday mornings! The episode The
Long Sleep – which dealt with a hippie girl
who cannot tell if the alien abduction of her
boyfriend was real or an LSD hallucination –
has always been excluded from pre-
watershed showings, whereas other
episodes have either been edited for violence
or scheduled diversely for their own
problematic content.


         Join our
        mailing list
         Get the best of
          Den of Geek
        delivered right to
           your inbox!


Style

If you know nothing else about the show,
you probably know about the purple wigs of
the moonbase operatives, three rolling,
tightly-clad and attractive women led by the
truly stunning Gabrielle Drake as Lt. Ellis.
Though a welcome sight for male viewers, it
must be admitted that even Melody,
Harmony and Rhapsody in Captain Scarlet
had more credible appearance than the
Moonbase gals, and these gaudy fashions
were not merely ‘of their time’, but one of
the many remnants from the less inhibited
‘SuperMarionation’ days.

Back on Earth, SHADO-couture was
                             File: 2008 01 04_Den of Geek_Underappreciated TV UFO.pdf
                              URL: https://www.denofgeek.com/tv/underappreciated-tv-ufo/
thankfully more neutral, with Straker and
the officer-class plumping for Nehru jackets,
while ground staff sported fairly close-fit
white trouser-and-top combos.

For some unprecedented reason, the
submariners in Skydiver all wear what can
only be described as very loosely-knit string-
vests, and in the case of some of the female
personnel there, this doubtlessly led to
further scheduling conundrums for the
networks.

Production Design


UFO features some of the strongest
production design ever seen in a Gerry
Anderson show. Skydiver is the crowning
glory in a series crammed with amazing
vehicles; its sleek and sexy lines are
recognisably military yet divinely futuristic.
The Sky1/Diver separation routines, in
which the captain – somewhat in defiance of
naval tradition – slides down a crawlspace
into the jet-fighter component and
abandons his crew in order to engage UFOs
in terran skies, are ingenious and very well
executed, with some of the best incidental
music in a show that is quite outstanding in
this respect.

The moonbase interceptors are agreeably
non-aerodynamic (given their locale),
though their unique single-torpedo design
means pilots have only one chance for a kill.
The SHADO-mobiles are equally impressive,
though matching miniature terrain vehicles
to live-action footage was often problematic,
particularly as few full-scale partial mock-
ups were allowable in the budget…


                        File: 2008 01 04_Den of Geek_Underappreciated TV UFO.pdf
                         URL: https://www.denofgeek.com/tv/underappreciated-tv-ufo/
Special Effects

Whether considering the acting, writing,
scheduling or pacing, there is absolutely
nothing consistent about UFO, and the
quality of effects work ranges from best-of-
Hollywood standard to Thunderbirds level;
many apparently quite mundane shots were
handled by Derek Meddings for budgetary
reasons, and they don’t always match the
location work. The sea-level shots of a
surfaced Skydiver are cool, but not
convincing, since water scales notoriously
badly. Daytime ‘flying’ shots are a hard sell
too; there are rarely any strings visible, but
depth is lacking in many of the set-ups. Yet
you can never acclimatise, as in the midst of
this prevalent standard will come a special-
effects plate so astonishingly well-done that
it would challenge current technology.

Cast

Leading man Ed Bishop was not only in the
Doppelganger film that led to UFO, but was
the voice of Captain Blue in Captain Scarlet
and had already trod impressive sci-fi
territory as the pilot who takes Heyward
Floyd to the moon in 2001: A Space Odyssey.
An American actor resident in Britain since
the late 50s, Bishop was a credible and
commanding lead in a series for whom the
US market was always intended to be vital,
and whose set-up comfortably justified a
transatlantic cast.


The role seemed to constantly require
Bishop to be in a rage, and the actor later
said that he welcomed the few occasions in
UFO that afforded him a chance to be more
cheerful, such as Confetti Check AOK, which
examines the formation of SHADO and the
                        File: 2008 01 04_Den of Geek_Underappreciated TV UFO.pdf
                         URL: https://www.denofgeek.com/tv/underappreciated-tv-ufo/
early and happier days of Straker’s doomed
marriage.

Straker needed support in a challenging
command role, and it came in the form of
the much more even-tempered Colonel Alec
Freeman. Freeman was played by the
implacable George Sewell, who was
unavailable for the second part of UFO’s 26-
episode run and was replaced by Wanda
Ventham, reprising a walk-on role earlier in
the series.

Recognising the need to include a younger
male character, the producers wrote the
suave Michael Billington into the episode
Exposed, as test-pilot Paul Foster, who
discovers the existence of SHADO and is
consequently invited to join the
organisation.

Billington was once a candidate for the role
of James Bond, and in fact played Barbara
Bach’s lover, killed by Bond in the pre-credit
sequence of The Spy Who Loved Me (1977).
Whether due to his inexperience, bad
direction or bad lines (he seemed to get
more of those than most of the cast), Paul
Foster remains the least convincing
character in UFO. A hot-headed seventies
hunk, his ability to fly any of the sea,
ground, air or space vehicles in the SHADO
fleet within mere months of his induction is
also a bit of a credibility gap.

As Lt. Ellis, Gabrielle Drake demonstrated a
promising breadth of ability in rising above
her ridiculous sexy attire to convey a credible
working woman, and that promise was
realised in a distinguished stage career that
all too rarely saw her on our TV screens
again, and usually in supporting roles. Fans
inspired by her unearthly physiognomy can
                        File: 2008 01 04_Den of Geek_Underappreciated TV UFO.pdf
                         URL: https://www.denofgeek.com/tv/underappreciated-tv-ufo/
fully satisfy their curiosity in Val Guest’s
otherwise-irredeemable Au Pair Girls (1972).

Dancer Peter Gordeno is seen in some
episodes as Sky1 pilot Captain Carlin. His
range as an actor seems very limited, and
this may be why his character, after an
initial build-up, was not pursued further.


UFO more or less followed a single-episode
structure, with few continuous story
elements, and it remained relatively easy for
the networks to shuffle the series as needed.
Consequently each episode usually features
prominent guest roles, and the role-call of
the series includes Stephanie Beacham,
George Cole and even Moneypenny actor
Lois Maxwell, once again keeping vigil in the
secretary’s office.

Music and sound design

I have already voted UFO’s title sequence the
second-best of all time after Thunderbirds,
but for me it is actually the most exciting
show opening ever. Rapid-fire editing
combine with Barry Gray’s melodic and
insistent refrain – which reappears
constantly in the series’ incidental music
without ever becoming tiresome – to
generate real anticipation. By contrast, the
show closes with a slow, Kubrickian pan
away from the Earth, accompanied by eerie
Ligeti-style music that ensures the creepy
atmosphere of the show is retained to the
last.

The sound design deserves special mention
for originality, and the indescribable siren of
the UFOs themselves are especially
unworldly and frightening.
                         File: 2008 01 04_Den of Geek_Underappreciated TV UFO.pdf
                          URL: https://www.denofgeek.com/tv/underappreciated-tv-ufo/
Reception

UFO was a huge hit in Los Angeles and New
York upon initial stateside transmission in
1972, fully two years after its befuddled
reception by the British public, and backer
Lew Grade ordered another series. However,
so confusing was the demographic for the
show, and so piecemeal its audience, that
the second series remained in development
hell for a couple of years. When audience
research unearthed that viewers most
enjoyed the episodes set on Moonbase, a
second series was drafted with the intention
of Ed Bishop resuming his command on an
expanded lunar colony.


Ultimately these plans were to evolve into
the unrelated Space:1999, with bankable
Mission Impossible star Martin Landau as the
new American face of Gerry Anderson live-
action sci-fi.

Conclusion

UFO remains enormously popular
worldwide, with a particularly vigorous fan-
base in Italy. There has never been a show
quite like it, and there probably never will be
again. It caught perfectly the depressive and
fatalistic zeitgeist of 1970s cinema, with
relentlessly bleak endings and a hell of a lot
of suffering on the way to them. It mixed
inventive scripting with frequently trite
dialogue and vice versa; it put highly charged
emotional, adult situations in the hands of
actors who were often wearing absurd purple
or platinum wigs; it couldn’t be relied upon
in any way, not even in terms of finding it in
the TV schedules, but it kept you off-guard
in a manner that few other shows have ever
achieved, intentionally or otherwise.
                        File: 2008 01 04_Den of Geek_Underappreciated TV UFO.pdf
                         URL: https://www.denofgeek.com/tv/underappreciated-tv-ufo/
   It also demonstrated a wonderful invention,
   with ‘amnesia injections’ pre-figuring the
   ‘memory blasters’ of the Men In Black, for
   members of the public who stumbled across
   SHADO’s secret. The endless hydraulic
   platforms that were so necessary for the
   immobile puppets in Gerry Anderson’s
   previous series are still there in UFO, like an
   Anderson hallmark. For that matter, they
   are still there in the launch pads of the Eagle
   transporters in Space:1999. Well, if it ain’t
   broke…

   The notion that a military-industrial
   organisation would want to keep the fact of
   alien threat from the public rather than
   exploiting it seems quaint in the current
   climate, but then the show, for all its
   cynicism, is the product of a pre-Watergate,
   pre-9/11 era, and it provides little enough
   reassurance in any case.

   A superb DVD edition is available from
   Carlton, with a transfer quality that
   surpasses all expectation. You can see just
   how much blue eyeliner Ed Bishop has on,
   and even find out odd facts about the movie
   output of the Harlington-Straker film
   studios that hid the SHADO headquarters.
   Did you know that Straker remade Citizen
   Kane in 1980 as a box-office bomb? Listen
   and learn, Hollywood.


Share:                  Comment:


              POPULAR
                         GAMES
                           File: 2008 01 04_Den of Geek_Underappreciated TV UFO.pdf
                            URL: https://www.denofgeek.com/tv/underappreciated-tv-ufo/
           GAMES
           The Must-Play
           Games Coming in
           2024
           December 18, 2023
           By Bernard Boo


           TV
           New British TV
           Series From 2024:
           BBC, ITV, Channel
           4, Netflix, Disney,
           Prime Video, Sky
           December 2, 2024
           By Laura Vickers-Green
           and 1 other


READ THE LATEST ISSUE


                 ABOUT US AUTHORS SUBSCRIB
                File: 2008 01 04_Den of Geek_Underappreciated TV UFO.pdf
                 URL: https://www.denofgeek.com/tv/underappreciated-tv-ufo/
                               E TODAY!


                                        Join our
                                       mailing list
                                    Get the best of Den of
                                    Geek delivered right to
                                         your inbox!


                                   Den of Geek™ is a registered
                                           trademark
                                    PRIVACY POLICY SITEMAP PRIVACY SETTINGS


File: 2008 01 04_Den of Geek_Underappreciated TV UFO.pdf
 URL: https://www.denofgeek.com/tv/underappreciated-tv-ufo/
