{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T17:43:32Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 98482, "source_ctime_ns": 1790088762036422274, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-09-13_The-Guardian_Mystics-and-marvels-in-a-lost-world.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790088761864623211, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-09-13_The-Guardian_Mystics-and-marvels-in-a-lost-world.pdf", "source_sha256": "1e88236297d074c39efd4aa1c0e9a05a3f94d31deeb5d9cdfca347aeb09418ad"}

Skip to main contentSkip to navigationSkip to navigation


         A dip into one of the many waterfalls in Goiás is a highlight of a visit to the state. Photograph: Alamy
         A dip into one of the many waterfalls in Goiás is a highlight of a visit to the state. Photograph: Alamy
The ObserverBrazil holidays
  This article is more than 16 years old

Mystics and marvels in a lost world
This article is more than 16 years old
With its colonial towns, spectacular landscape and New Age scene, the landlocked state of Goiás could be Brazil's best-kept secret,
writes Rhiannon Batten
Rhiannon Batten
Sun 14 Sep 2008 00.01 BST
Share
On a languid summer evening, the pavements of Rua do Rosário are packed with people drinking cold beer and caipirinhas. Music
throbs from bar to bar and outside the street's most expensive-looking house two armed guards stand solemnly looking on. From
nowhere, a firework pops overhead.
Soon the carousing is interrupted again when three men on horseback appear, incongruously, at the top of the street. One of them,
all manly thighs and black Stetson, draws catcalls from the intoxicated crowds as he fights to keep his skittish horse under control.
It's a battle between man and beast all the way downhill as the horse bucks and lurches but the rider wins, just - and then races back
up for a victory lap. Welcome to a regular Saturday night in Pirenópolis.
With a name like something from a graphic novel and a claim to fame as home to more VW Beetles per capita than any other town
in Brazil, you might think Pirenópolis would be better known. Yet, in a country as big as this one it is easy for places to go
undiscovered, or whole states in the case of Goiás, where Pirenópolis is located. Without the beaches of Bahia, or the showy wildlife
of the Amazon, Goiás doesn't often feature on the tourist circuit. It should, though. With its vast inland plains and big skies spreading
east from Brasilia, the region is characterised by pretty, cobbled colonial towns, hot springs, forests, waterfalls and wild, scented
cerrado (tropical savannah). All of which have played a part in drawing the state's other big signature feature: hippies.
Although the region is home to such counter-culture hubs as the Vale do Amanhecer (Sunrise Valley), a religious community started
by a clairvoyant truck driver, and the Casa de Dom Inácio de Loyola, where a self-styled 'psychic surgeon' calling himself John of
God claims to heal cancer, Aids, blindness, asthma, drug addiction, alcohol abuse and 'spiritual desperation' with invisible
operations, a less extreme alternative scene can be found around the town of Alto Paraiso, in the far north of the state.
With its 40-odd mystical, philosophical and religious groups, locals like to call Alto Paraiso the Brazilian capital of the third
millennium. Rumour also has it that latitude 14, which crosses Machu Picchu in Peru and zips through the town, is to blame for the
high number of UFO sightings in the area. But travelling there by bus from Brasilia felt less like a mission to Mars than a journey to
the centre of the earth. The 225km route carves a path through endless fields and red earth deep into the Brazilian interior, passing
lonely farms, puddles the colour of sweet potato soup, and termite mounds as big as Stonehenge. That Alto Paraiso isn't your
average hilltop hangout quickly became clear when I got off the bus to be met by a man in dreadlocks playing a flute.
To his regret, though, I wasn't there to buy beads or bongs but to visit the nearby Parque Nacional da Chapada dos Veadeiros.
Created in 1961, this 65,000 hectare park (only a small part of which is open to the public) was listed as a Unesco world heritage
                                    File: 2008 09 13_The Guardian_Mystics and marvels in a lost world.pdf
                                    URL: https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2008/sep/14/brazil.southamerica
site in 2001, in the hope of protecting the unique cerrado ecosystem from encroaching cattle, soy, and now biofuel farming; the rate
of habitat loss here is said to be even greater than that in Amazonia.
What remains is an impressively rich biodiversity. Of the 10,000 plant species found here - including 25 different orchids, purple
trumpet-bushes, copa trees, pepper trees, prickly ash, murity palms and babaçu palms - 44 per cent exist only in the cerrado.
Though rarely spotted in the areas tourists are allowed into, the park also attracts some of Brazil's most unusual - and in some cases
endangered - animals. Pampa and swamp deers, jaguars, wolves, rheas, armadillos, anteaters, capybaras, tapirs, toucans and
vultures all survive here.
The catch is that you can't enter Chapada dos Veadeiros without an accredited guide. So the next day I met Marcelo from Travessia
Tourism and what appeared to be the only two other tourists in town - Yaz from Australia and Maggie from Switzerland - for the
drive to the park.
Access is via one of two trails - either 'canyons and rocks' or 'waterfalls' - and we opted for the waterfalls. Setting off for a five-hour
hike past towering waterfalls, jagged canyons and natural swimming pools, it wasn't long before the scrubby vegetation opened out
and we were confronted by a spectacular view across a vast, ancient plateau.
From here, we picked our way down into a lush valley, criss-crossing a stream over natural stepping-stones. From feathery grasses
to colour-splattered bushes, flowers that looked like exotic sweet peas, bright lichen-mottled driftwood and the region's signature
chuveirinho, or 'shower flower' (imagine a football-sized dandelion), the plants were so beautifully bizarre that it was like walking
through a children's storybook.
Eventually we came out at the largest waterfall, a 120m-high cascade that thundered so hard into the bottom of the adjacent canyon
that it seemed to be falling in slow motion. Just as mesmerising was the multi-coloured quartz crystal in the park's rocky ground.
Once exported widely, it is now left to provide a glimmering carpet. 'Look at this,' said Yaz, crouching down to stroke the ground as
we came to a particularly sparkly spot. 'This is paradise, man.'
He didn't feel quite as enthralled after lunch when, having nonchalantly stripped and dived into the nearest pool, Marcelo suddenly
shouted across to him that he should get out of the water unless he wanted an athletic-sounding organism to swim up his penis.
I thought back to Yaz a few days later when I headed back south to Pirenópolis and went for a swim at Cachoeiras Bonsucesso, a
series of waterfalls just outside town. Judging by the number of people taking a dip, I don't think there could have been any
underwater nasties there, though the family crowds might not have appreciated his casual approach to swimwear.
Near the falls is Fazenda Vagafogo, a farm surrounded by rolling green meadows and grazing horses that look so English that if it
weren't for the odd termite mound or palm tree you might think you were tramping through the grounds of a stately home. The forest
trail that spools out from the back of the farm is more exotic. Full of giant jatobá trees, overgrown lianas and the sound of monkeys,
if you're lucky you may catch a glimpse of a morpho butterfly whose huge, electric-blue wings shimmer against the muddy
background.
The Vagafogo brunch is an institution among tourists from Brasilia, an extravagant array of local fruits, cheeses, breads, chutneys,
jams and meats. I spent an hour working my way through mangaba juice, starfruit chutney and sanclish (a tasty mix of curd cheese,
onions, oil and tomatoes). I seemed to be the only non-Brazilian visitor.
But then Goiás has always been off the map. I was told the history of the Kalungas, a group of 4,000 people who live around
100km from Alto Paraiso. Until the 1960s, when the construction of Brasilia started opening up this region, the Kalungas had lived
hidden from the outside world ever since their ancestors had run away from their colonial slave owners hundreds of years earlier.
Apparently they stayed undetected only because this part of Goiás was so neglected. The lost world endures.

Essentials
Return flights from Heathrow or Gatwick airports to Rio de Janeiro, via Lisbon or Oporto, start from £823 with TAP (0845 601
0932; www.flytap.com). Lovely rooms at Pousada Arvoredo, in Pirenópolis, start from £40 per double, B&B (0055 62333 13479;
www.arvoredo.tur.br). Pousada Rubi in Alto Paraiso has good double rooms from £8 pppn, B&B (0055 62344 61200;
www.pousadarubi.com.br). Travessia Turismo (0055 62344 61595; www.travessia.tur.br) offers guided hikes. Brunch at Vagafogo
costs £8, entrance to the forest trail £3 (0055 62333 58515; www.vagafogo.com.br).

Explore more on these topics
       Brazil holidays
       The Observer
       South America holidays
                                     File: 2008 09 13_The Guardian_Mystics and marvels in a lost world.pdf
                                     URL: https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2008/sep/14/brazil.southamerica
      Adventure travel
Share
Reuse this content

Most viewed
Most viewed
      Travel
      UK
      Europe
      US
      News
      Opinion
      Sport
      Culture
      Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
      About us
      Help
      Complaints & corrections
      SecureDrop
      Work for us

      Privacy policy
      Cookie policy
      Terms & conditions
      Contact us
      All topics
      All writers
      Modern Slavery Act
      Tax strategy
      Digital newspaper archive
      Facebook
      YouTube
      Instagram
      LinkedIn
      Newsletters
      Advertise with us
      Guardian Labs
      Search jobs
      Patrons
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)


                                    File: 2008 09 13_The Guardian_Mystics and marvels in a lost world.pdf
                                    URL: https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2008/sep/14/brazil.southamerica
File: 2008 09 13_The Guardian_Mystics and marvels in a lost world.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2008/sep/14/brazil.southamerica
File: 2008 09 13_The Guardian_Mystics and marvels in a lost world.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2008/sep/14/brazil.southamerica
File: 2008 09 13_The Guardian_Mystics and marvels in a lost world.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2008/sep/14/brazil.southamerica
