{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T12:50:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 71217, "source_ctime_ns": 1790327760571418724, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-04-01_The-Guardian_Teleportation-time-travel-and-aliens-a-vision-of-tomorrow-today.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790327760562704943, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-04-01_The-Guardian_Teleportation-time-travel-and-aliens-a-vision-of-tomorrow-today.pdf", "source_sha256": "76dc0ec84db482c9c5d5876ccfbecf1db823feb7b2a70d0a1873ccef9ba52131"}

Skip to main contentSkip to navigationSkip to navigation


          Scientists currently have the best chance in history of making contact with aliens. Photograph: Graham Turner
          Scientists currently have the best chance in history of making contact with aliens. Photograph: Graham Turner
Astronomy
  This article is more than 16 years old

Teleportation, time travel and aliens - a vision of tomorrow today
This article is more than 16 years old
Even the most outlandish science fiction could become fact, says professor
James Randerson, science correspondent
Wed 2 Apr 2008 02.26 BST
Share
Einstein gave hope to scientists chasing the most outlandish theories when he famously declared: "If at first, the idea is not absurd,
then there is no hope for it."
He then proved the existence of black holes and the notion that time passes more slowly the faster you travel.
Now one of the world's most distinguished physicists has scrutinised some of science fiction's other concepts, such as teleportation
and forcefields, and is convinced that they too can become reality.
Professor Michio Kaku, of City University in New York, has ruled out time travel for at least a few millennia, but believes invisibility
cloaks and telepathy could be possible this century.
"So many times predictions are made that certain things are impossible only to find them becoming possible a decade or a few
decades later," he said. In his new book, The Physics of the Impossible, published in the UK today, Kaku rates seemingly
impossible phenomena according to how likely they are to happen.
Teleportation
When Gene Roddenberry was planning the early episodes of the cult sci-fi series Star Trek Paramount studios, who financed the
project, said the special effects necessary to recreate ships taking off and landing were too expensive. Roddenberry needed another
way to get his characters down onto the surface of the uncharted worlds they were visiting. "He said, 'we'll just beam them onto the
planet and save a tonne of money'," said Kaku.
That money-saving decision did much to cement teleportation as the epitome of the sci-fi way to get around, but teleportation is
actually already being done by physicists. It relies on a deeply strange phenomenon called quantum entanglement, which physicists
have already used to "teleport" a photon 89 miles between La Palma and Tenerife in the Canary Island group. But Kaku concedes
that Captain Kirk will have to wait a couple of centuries. "You are not actually moving the photons from one place to another
because you are destroying the original. What materialises at the other end is your twin which has all the information of the previous
object."
Time Travel

                        File: 2008 04 01_The Guardian_Teleportation time travel and aliens a vision of tomorrow today.pdf
                                  URL: https://www.theguardian.com/science/2008/apr/02/sciencenews.physicalsciences
The Cambridge physicist Professor Stephen Hawking spent much of his career attempting to prove that time travel is impossible. If it
were possible, he reasoned, why have we not been visited by voyagers from the future? But he was forced to conclude that there is
actually nothing in the laws of physics that prevents moving in time.
"He changed his mind about 10 years ago," said Kaku, "There was no way to ban time travel from happening. So now he says that
time travel is possible, but not practical."
The way it might work would be to take a trip through a worm hole connecting one point in space and time with another. The laws
of physics suggest that the intense gravity of a black hole is enough to rip the fabric of space and time, making a worm hole possible.
"What we physicists want to do is create our own wormhole so that if you walk through the looking glass you may go backwards in
time," said Kaku. Stabilising a black hole would require large amounts of an exotic form of energy called negative energy, thought to
be impossible. "But we can now make it in the laboratory," said Kaku.
Invisibility
One reason why no one has met any time travellers from the future might be, Kaku suggested, because they are able to make
themselves invisible. "Invisibility a la Harry Potter's cloak is no longer out of the question," he said. He rates it as the sci-fi technology
that is likely to happen soonest. Perhaps the most promising new development is the creation of an exotic new substance called a
metamaterial. By eliminating reflections and shadows, it renders an object invisible.
Alien Contact
Scientists currently have the best chance in history of making contact with aliens. Although humanity has been combing the skies for
signs of life for decades, the search so far has been haphazard. Astronomers have detected around 300 planets in other solar
systems, but these are generally large Jupiter-like planets which do not look like a good bet for harbouring life.
Satellites will greatly enhance scientists' ability to detect Earth-like planets. "We've only scanned about a thousand stars and that's
nothing. We haven't even scanned the stars in our neighbourhood," said Kaku, "We hope to analyse a thousand times more data
than was collected in all the sweeps of the past. And that's why we are much more optimistic that we will make contact with alien
life." He thinks contact with an alien civilisation could happen within decades.
Precognition
Being able to predict the future is very difficult to reconcile with the known laws of physics. "It would set off a major shake-up in the
very foundations of modern physics if precognition was ever proved in reproducible experiments," said Kaku.

The impossible takes longer: Michio Kaku's ratings
Type 1 impossibilities
Impossible today, but do not violate the known laws of physics. Might be possible this century or the next: force fields, invisibility,
phasers and death stars, teleportation, telepathy, psychokinesis, robots, UFOs and aliens, starships, antimatter and anti-universes
Type 2 impossibilities
Technologies that sit at the edge of our understanding of the physical world. May be realised millenia or millions of years in the future:
faster-than-light travel, time travel, parallel universes
Type 3 impossibilties
Technologies that violate the known laws of physics. If they turn out to be possible, they would represent a fundamental shift in our
understanding of physics: perpetual motion machines, precognition

Explore more on these topics
       Astronomy
       Space
       Alien life
       news
Share
Reuse this content
                         File: 2008 04 01_The Guardian_Teleportation time travel and aliens a vision of tomorrow today.pdf
                                   URL: https://www.theguardian.com/science/2008/apr/02/sciencenews.physicalsciences
Most viewed
Most viewed
      Education
      Schools
      Teachers
      Universities
      Students
      News
      Opinion
      Sport
      Culture
      Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
      About us
      Help
      Complaints & corrections
      SecureDrop
      Work for us

      Privacy policy
      Cookie policy
      Terms & conditions
      Contact us
      All topics
      All writers
      Modern Slavery Act
      Tax strategy
      Digital newspaper archive
      Facebook
      YouTube
      Instagram
      LinkedIn
      Newsletters
      Advertise with us
      Guardian Labs
      Search jobs
      Patrons
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)


                       File: 2008 04 01_The Guardian_Teleportation time travel and aliens a vision of tomorrow today.pdf
                                 URL: https://www.theguardian.com/science/2008/apr/02/sciencenews.physicalsciences
File: 2008 04 01_The Guardian_Teleportation time travel and aliens a vision of tomorrow today.pdf
          URL: https://www.theguardian.com/science/2008/apr/02/sciencenews.physicalsciences
File: 2008 04 01_The Guardian_Teleportation time travel and aliens a vision of tomorrow today.pdf
          URL: https://www.theguardian.com/science/2008/apr/02/sciencenews.physicalsciences
File: 2008 04 01_The Guardian_Teleportation time travel and aliens a vision of tomorrow today.pdf
          URL: https://www.theguardian.com/science/2008/apr/02/sciencenews.physicalsciences
