{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T14:23:46Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 64386, "source_ctime_ns": 1788586389999588387, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-07-25_Universe-Today_Apollo-Astronaut-Mitchell-Says-Aliens-Have-Visited-Earth.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788586389997002029, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-07-25_Universe-Today_Apollo-Astronaut-Mitchell-Says-Aliens-Have-Visited-Earth.pdf", "source_sha256": "7dc52881cdc00fac1a13416f40b09339e32207d500a9a7144823d36727cb3327"}

Apollo 14 Astronaut Edgar Mitchell. Credit: NASA


[/caption]
This story has been spreading like wildfire across the internet, as well as other news
sources, which is not surprising given the topic. In a radio interview in the UK, and in a
subsequent article in the Daily Register, former Apollo astronaut Edgar Mitchell said he
believes there is life on other planets. OK, that’s not much of a bombshell. But then he went
on to say that aliens have visited Earth, and our governments have been covering it up.
That was the shocker. Mitchell said he was “privileged enough to be in on the fact that
we’ve been visited on this planet and the U.F.O. phenomena is real.”​ While he didn’t offer
any real facts or say that he has actually seen aliens, he said big organizations will soon be
offering full disclosure. NASA officials responded to Mitchell’s comments fairly politely
with this comment: “NASA does not track UFOs. NASA is not involved in any sort of cover
up about alien life on this planet or anywhere in the universe. Dr. Mitchell is a great
American, but we do not share his opinions on this issue.”

Mitchell was a member of Apollo 14, and was the sixth man to walk on the moon. While he
didn’t offer any real proof of his claims, he does seemingly have credentials. However, he
alone among the Apollo astronauts makes these types of claims, and has been saying
things like this for quite some time. He said on the way home from the moon he had a
“transformational, transcendental experience.” After his flight he started the Institute of
Noetic Sciences, which “conducts and sponsors leading-edge research into the potentials
and powers of consciousness.”

There was another interesting statement by Mitchell during this interview: “There’s more
nonsense out there about this than there is real knowledge.”

Of course, the UFO folks have glommed onto these latest statements by Mitchell, but
here’s what some of the more reputable news sites have been saying:

New York Times Blog: “While Mr. Mitchell, 77, is certainly entitled to his own views on the
issue, the rest of us may need to wait for something more convincing.”

Huffington Post: “Mitchell, a member of the Apollo 14 team, has long held these beliefs
despite the fact that he himself has never seen neither an alien or a U.F.O.”

NASA Watch’s Keith Cowing: “I assume you have proof to back up your extraterrestrial
conspiracy mongering, Ed.”

Robert Pearlman, the editor of CollectSpace, wrote the following on an online forum:

Based on the nine minute call, it (a) doesn’t seem to be anything tremendously different
from prior comments and writings by Dr. Mitchell, and (b) he isn’t actually claiming first-
hand knowledge but rather repeating what he was told by others. It is no secret that Dr.
Mitchell’s Noetic Science Institute attracts those that believe in extraterrestrials and that
he has attended numerous conferences where they have been on the agenda for
discussion, thus what he says here is of little surprise (and some might argue,
consequence).

Irene Klotz from Discovery interviewed Mitchell after his UK radio interview and here’s an
       File: 2008 07 25_Universe Today_Apollo Astronaut Mitchell Says Aliens Have Visited Earth.pdf
      URL: https://www.universetoday.com/16017/apollo-astronaut-mitchell-says-aliens-have-visited-earth/
excerpt:

Irene Klotz: I wanted to ask you if there was anything about the radio interview you did that
was different from what you’ve said in the past.

Edgar Mitchell: No, there’s nothing different. Several of (the reports of the interview) that
I’ve seen come around have some flaws in them. Some of the reports pushed it or spun it
incorrectly. NASA had nothing to do with anything I’ve done. I wasn’t briefed by NASA.
There haven’t been any sightings as a result of my flight service there, so if that part of it
comes out on anything you’ve seen it is just totally wrong.

In this Discovery interview, and in previous interviews, Mitchell has not offered any
definite proof of his claims, and said he’s only been “told by people who were utterly sworn
to secrecy” about alien visits to Earth. Mitchell grew up in Roswell, New Mexico.

All in all, unless Mitchell can offer definitive proof, his claims will have to be put in the same
class as anyone else that makes similar claims, despite his background. Even with the
prevalence of cameras and video cameras among the general public and with an
abundance of investigative news reporters out there (all wanting to break the news story
of the millennium) still, no one has been able to produce credible proof of aliens visiting
Earth.

As the Bad Astronomer Phil Plait has said repeatedly, the people constantly looking at the
skies, professional and amateur astronomers, have made no claims of UFO’s or aliens
visiting Earth. They know what they are looking at in the sky.

For a dose of reality, please see Phil’s take on UFO’s.


    A S T R O NO M Y


69 Replies to “Apollo Astronaut Mitchell Says Aliens Have Visited
Earth”
        File: 2008 07 25_Universe Today_Apollo Astronaut Mitchell Says Aliens Have Visited Earth.pdf
       URL: https://www.universetoday.com/16017/apollo-astronaut-mitchell-says-aliens-have-visited-earth/
             Comments are closed.


             PREVI O US

                Bridge Across Space: “Keenan’s System” by Martin Winder and Dietmar Hager
             NE X T

             Weekend SkyWatcher’s Forecast: July 25-27, 2008


             Privacy Policy / Proudly powered by WordPress


Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services
development

Store and/or access information on a device

How can I change my choice?
What if I don't consent?
How does legitimate interest work?
Do I have to consent to everything?

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other
device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used
specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by
managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy
and cookie settings.

   Consent             Do not consent

   Manage options


                       File: 2008 07 25_Universe Today_Apollo Astronaut Mitchell Says Aliens Have Visited Earth.pdf
                      URL: https://www.universetoday.com/16017/apollo-astronaut-mitchell-says-aliens-have-visited-earth/
