{"created_utc": "2026-09-08T15:10:07Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 185965, "source_ctime_ns": 1788545608607421558, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-04-19_The-Independent_My-secret-life-Poly-Styrene-Singer-51.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788545608599149455, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-04-19_The-Independent_My-secret-life-Poly-Styrene-Singer-51.pdf", "source_sha256": "12d1c74f1ce91c16d1b93c4635c33db85318d3ea2d38753b5ef0e9773cb75bc6"}

Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent
Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

 Not now Yes please


For free real time breaking news alerts sent straight to your inbox sign up to our breaking news
emails
Sign up to our free breaking news emails
Sign up to our free breaking news emails
Email
 SIGN UP
  I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our privacy policy
The house I grew up in... was a white-fronted, Grade II-listed council house in a mixed part of Brixton, but I still felt the racial
tension. Once I was hit over the head with a cricket bat, it was just that kind of area. Even if you were Italian, you were a "wog".
When I was a child I wanted to be... a fashion designer, an actress and an air stewardess. But then I started a small clothes label
which never took off, failed an audition to Rada, and never applied to be an air hostess.
The moment that changed me for ever... was seeing a Day-Glo UFO in Doncaster one night after a concert. It was a bright ball
of luminous pink, made of energy – like a fireball. Everyone else thought I'd lost the plot.
My greatest inspiration... The Pilgrim's Progress: it was read to me at a very young age and I loved the way the characters were
given names relating to their personalities – I was very moved by it.
My real-life villain... is the personification of war and violence, which is open to interpretation.
If I could change one thing about myself... I would lose a stone. I've gone down to nine and a half, but eight and a half stone
would be nicer!
At night I dream of... angels, if I'm very lucky.
                                    File: 2008 04 19_The Independent_My secret life Poly Styrene Singer 51.pdf
                      URL: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/profiles/my-secret-life-poly-styrene-singer-51-811129.html
What I see when I look in the mirror... is a distant shadow of my former teenage self. You start seeing signs of age. I have a fear
of losing my teeth.
My style icons... are size 14 ladies of the Hollywood Golden Age, such as Marilyn Monroe and Joan Shawlee in Some Like it
Hot: they're perfect.
My favourite item of clothing... is a black Freya bra.
I wish I'd never worn... a blue foam dress with an army helmet, which I wore to perform at the Brixton Academy in 1991. I
looked like the world's biggest hot water bottle, a giant oblong with protruding limbs. It had little planets all over and was meant to
replicate something I wore at the Roxy in 1978. It didn't work.
It's not fashionable but I like... twin sets and pearls – punked-out versions, of course.
You wouldn't know it but I'm very good at... cooking vegetarian food, simple tofu stir-fries and homemade soups.
You wouldn't know it but I'm no good at... knitting. I have tried, but haven't the patience.
All my money goes on.... overheads.
If I have time to myself... I go swimming. Sadly the sea here in East Sussex is just too cold so I go to the local pool.
I ride... along the St Leonard's promenade on my little manual chrome scooter. I've still got one as I haven't grown up. I used to ride
it in London and someone shouted "supergran" at me.
My house is... by the sea, at the end of a terrace, about five minutes from the seafront. The house isn't very punky, I don't stamp
too much of myself on to a property.
My favourite building... is the Royal Pavilion in Brighton. It looks like something from a fairy tale, with all the domes, but it's also
quite kitsch.
Movie heaven... The Great Gatsby, mainly for Robert Redford. He plays a poor boy done good, but is continually trying to
impress a girl. It's very sad and dramatic. And he's very beautiful!
A book that changed me... Angel Inspiration by Diana Cooper. It's about angels and how to connect with them, and bringing light
and good energy into wherever you are. At night I practise going through the angel chambers in my dreams.
My most valuable possession is... my soul.
My favourite work of art... is a version of Queen Elizabeth II by Andy Warhol. I saw one with pink diamond dust thrown on and
it was really lovely, really pretty. The Queen looked nice.
The last album I bought... was A Portrait of Duke Ellington.
The person who really makes me laugh... is Ronnie Barker in Porridge; the nonchalance, the attitude, the deadpan British
humour.
The shop I can't walk past... is the beautician's, I can't resist the nail salon, for a good basic French manicure. I'm not into false
nails, they look like talons and with them I could never type fast enough.
The best invention ever... is the Hoover.
In 10 years time, I hope to be... retired, from singing, as I'll be 60. I've just started singing again after a long time so I've been
seeing a voice coach to get into shape.
My greatest regret... is that I have none.
My life in seven words... I'm a poseur 'n' I don't care!
A LIFE IN BRIEF
Born Marian Elliott-Said in Bromley, Kent, in 1957, Poly Styrene was the lead singer of the British punk band X-Ray Spex before
releasing a solo album, Translucence, in 1980. Her mother was a legal secretary from Hastings, her father, a dispossessed Somalian
aristocrat. Poly Styrene is well-known for her outrageous outfits, anti-Establishment lyrics and for joining the Hare Krishnas. She has
a daughter and currently lives alone in St Leonard's in East Sussex. Poly Styrene will perform at London's Victoria Park on 27 April
and at a one-off gig at the Roundhouse in Camden, London on 6 September
                                    File: 2008 04 19_The Independent_My secret life Poly Styrene Singer 51.pdf
                      URL: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/profiles/my-secret-life-poly-styrene-singer-51-811129.html
More about
French FriesQueen Elizabeth IQueen Elizabeth IISingers

Join our commenting forum
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Comments

Most Popular


What is HMPV? China steps up measures amid new virus outbreak


Mysterious giant metallic ring falls in Kenya


A flexibility expert shares three stretches for fighting tight hips


Archaeologists shocked by mystery complex found by complete luck


Biden awards Medal of Freedom to Michael J Fox, 18 others

Popular videos


Wes Streeting squirms when asked if he’d work for £12 an hour


Crowds cheer as Myanmar releases thousands of prisoners


                                     File: 2008 04 19_The Independent_My secret life Poly Styrene Singer 51.pdf
                       URL: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/profiles/my-secret-life-poly-styrene-singer-51-811129.html
Meghan’s nod to royal dish in new Netflix series trailer


Did Lex Fridman interview Volodymyr Zelensky in Ukraine? Here's everything we know so far


Starbucks' iconic logo has a creepy backstory you've probably never heard


5 Elon Musk tweets which show he knows absolutely nothing about British politics, law or the monarchy


Everyone on TikTok is buying a red light therapy mask - but do they actually work?


Statue of Irish musician Rory Gallagher unveiled in Belfast

Sponsored Features


Biden awards Medal of Freedom to Michael J Fox, 18 others


Archaeologists shocked by mystery complex found by complete luck


Natalia Grace, adoptee accused of faking her age, has a new family


The statistics that reveal the true cost of Brexit, five years on


These are the promises Trump made for ‘Day One’ in office

       Get in touch
                                     File: 2008 04 19_The Independent_My secret life Poly Styrene Singer 51.pdf
                       URL: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/profiles/my-secret-life-poly-styrene-singer-51-811129.html
             Contact us


      Our Products
             Subscribe
             Register
             Newsletters
             Donate
             Today’s Edition
             Install our app
             Archive
      Other publications
             International editions
             Independent en Español
             Independent Arabia
             Independent Turkish
             Independent Persian
             Independent Urdu
             The Standard
      Extras
             Puzzles
             All topics
             Betting Offers
             Voucher codes
             Competitions and offers
             Independent Advertising
             Independent Ignite
             Syndication
             Working at The Independent
      Legal
             Code of conduct and complaints
             Contributors
             Cookie policy
             Donations Terms & Conditions
             Privacy policy

             User policies
             Modern Slavery Statement

Thank you for registering
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged
in


                                   File: 2008 04 19_The Independent_My secret life Poly Styrene Singer 51.pdf
                     URL: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/profiles/my-secret-life-poly-styrene-singer-51-811129.html
