{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T17:04:19Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 71277, "source_ctime_ns": 1788576883200287940, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-07-26_The-Guardian_The-Briton-facing-60-years-in-US-prison-after-hacking-into-Pentagon.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788576883197776043, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-07-26_The-Guardian_The-Briton-facing-60-years-in-US-prison-after-hacking-into-Pentagon.pdf", "source_sha256": "bf2b02e0843cd2b662952fc54b6066c3c5c43e888de8501ed5df45d3cdea1aa6"}

Skip to main contentSkip to navigationSkip to navigation
The ObserverHacking
  This article is more than 16 years old

The Briton facing 60 years in US prison after hacking into Pentagon
This article is more than 16 years old
On the eve of a Lords ruling over US demands for his extradition, a British computer hacker claims that American prosecutors
threatened to haul him before a military tribunal
Jamie Doward, home affairs editor
Sun 27 Jul 2008 00.01 BST
Share
When he wakes up this morning, Gary McKinnon will be 72 hours from learning whether he is on the fast track to a 60-year prison
sentence, thanks to his obsession with aliens.
McKinnon, 42, from Enfield in north London, is accused by American prosecutors of illegally accessing top-secret computer
systems in what they claimed in one legal document was 'the biggest military computer hack of all time'.
The self-taught IT expert insists he was simply looking for information the US government had on UFOs and is adamant that he
never damaged any of its computer systems. This argument, however, cuts little ice with the Americans, who are trying to extradite
him. Five years after being told by British police that he would probably get a six-month community service order for his exploits,
McKinnon finds himself still wanted by the US authorities. A 2006 High Court ruling granted the extradition request, and on
Wednesday the House of Lords will decide on McKinnon's appeal against that ruling.
That it should come to this is little short of outrageous, say his supporters. Soon after he was arrested in 2002, US prosecutors
appeared to offer McKinnon a deal: if he agreed to extradition and admitted his guilt, he would get a sentence of three to four years,
most of which could be served in the UK. When McKinnon rejected the offer - made in confidential meetings at the US embassy -
his lawyers were told 'all bets were off'. They claim the US prosecutors upped the stakes, suggesting he would be 'treated like a
terrorist' if he did not agree to face trial and plead guilty in the US.
McKinnon claims that at one stage there were suggestions that he would face a military tribunal, possibly at Guantánamo Bay. 'They
said they wanted to see me fry,' he said.
McKinnon's lawyers claim that attempts to force him to accept a plea bargain constituted 'an unlawful abuse of the court process'.
A Lords ruling in favour of McKinnon, who has become a cause célèbre for UFO enthusiasts, computer users and civil liberties
groups, would force US prosecutors to restart their extradition process in the magistrates' courts, a major setback that could have
ramifications for other Britons resisting removal to the US. A ruling against him would mean an appeal to the European Court of
Human Rights and leave him in legal limbo, banned from travelling abroad, forced to report to police every Friday, and barred from
accessing the internet.
In a further twist, it has emerged that a crucial file containing details of the early meetings with the US prosecutors, at which the offers
were apparently made, has gone missing from the office of McKinnon's solicitor. A laptop holding details of the same meetings was
stolen from the car of one of his barristers.
The revelations have prompted febrile speculation among McKinnon's supporters, who fear that events have taken a sinister turn.
McKinnon believes his phone has been bugged and claims to have been followed. As a result of his exploits, no IT company will
now offer McKinnon a job. 'I think it's bloody ridiculous,' he said. 'They should employ me to bust paedophile rings or credit card
frauds rather than stick me in jail for the rest of my life.'
These days he earns a living driving a fork-lift truck. It seems a mundane job for a man who between 1999 and 2002 broke into the
most secure computer systems in the world from his north London flat. Using a computer language called Perl and a cheap PC,
McKinnon linked a number of computer systems to search for US databases that were not protected by a password. 'I could scan
65,000 machines in less than nine minutes,' McKinnon said.
McKinnon unearthed unprotected computer systems operated by the US army, the navy, the Pentagon and Nasa. On every system
he hacked, he left messages. 'It was frightening because they had little or no security,' he said. 'I was always leaving messages on the
desktop saying, "your security is really crap".'
One message has come back to haunt him. 'I said US foreign policy was akin to government-sponsored terrorism and I believed
9/11 was an inside job. It was a political diatribe,' he admitted.
                      File: 2008 07 26_The Guardian_The Briton facing 60 years in US prison after hacking into Pentagon.pdf
                                      URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2008/jul/27/internationalcrime.hacking
In the end, the ease with which he could hack the systems became his undoing. 'I got sloppy. I went to places directly rather than
jump through systems. Nasa tracked back my IP address.'
McKinnon's interest in aliens was started by an internet-based group of UFO enthusiasts called The Disclosure Project. The group
had collected more than 200 testimonies - some from people who have served in the US military - that 'confirm' that extra-
terrestrials exist. Not only that but, according to McKinnon, some of the testimonies offered proof that 'certain parts of Western
intelligence had acquired and reverse-engineered their technology, mainly weaponry and free energy'.
Intrigued, McKinnon used the testimonies to help him search top-secret US databases for information about free energy. 'I felt if it
existed it should be publicly available,' he said. He says he came across many other hackers in the supposedly secure systems, many
with Chinese and Russian internet addresses. Since his exploits were exposed, consecutive government reports have confirmed that
the US military's computer systems remain poorly protected.
McKinnon was caught before he could find any confidential information on 'free energy', but he saw enough to believe the US
authorities are suppressing what they know about aliens. He says he came across a document written by a Nasa official who claimed
the agency has to airbrush UFOs out of satellite photos because 'there are so many of them'.
With only a 56k modem, he found that downloading the huge volume of documents was too time-consuming. But McKinnon claims
that he managed to capture almost two-thirds of an image of what he believes was either a UFO or a top-secret US craft operating
in space.
The picture was confiscated, along with all the other material McKinnon downloaded. The material included an Excel spreadsheet
entitled 'non-terrestrial officers' and a list of names. 'It was a really weird phrase,' McKinnon said. 'Maybe it was the secret
development of a space force. Space is the next frontier and it's already being weaponised.'
His hacking career came to an abrupt end one morning in March 2002. The National High Tech Crime Unit searched his flat and
arrested McKinnon and his then girlfriend. 'They said "you'll probably get six months' community service",' McKinnon claimed.
In the end the Crown Prosecution Service decided not to prosecute, but two years later, after crime unit officials visited Washington,
apparently taking McKinnon's hard drive, the US government began extradition proceedings. 'Now I'm facing 60 years in prison,'
McKinnon said. 'I believe my case is being treated so seriously because they're scared of what I've seen. I'm living in a surreal,
nutter's film.'

The greatest hackers
Jonathan James At 16 he was the first juvenile to be jailed (for six months) for hacking in 2000. He targeted high-profile
organisations including Nasa, stealing more than $1.7m worth of software.
Adrian Lamo Broke into organisations such as the New York Times and Microsoft between 2002-2003 using internet connections
at coffee shops and libraries. He had to pay $65,000, serve six months of home confinement and two years' probation.
Kevin Mitnick The Department of Justice called him 'the most wanted computer criminal in United States history' for his hacking
activities between 1982 and 1992. He served five years, eight months in solitary confinement.
Kevin Poulsen Known as Dark Dante, he hacked into LA radio's KIIS-FM phone lines, earning himself a Porsche. Called
'Hannibal Lecter of computer crime' for his hacking activities between 1985 and 1991, he served five years in prison.
Source: itsecurity.com

Explore more on these topics
      Hacking
      The Observer
      Human rights
      US national security
      Crime
      Extradition
      Data and computer security
      US military
Share
Reuse this content

                     File: 2008 07 26_The Guardian_The Briton facing 60 years in US prison after hacking into Pentagon.pdf
                                     URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2008/jul/27/internationalcrime.hacking
Most viewed
Most viewed
      UK
      US politics
      World
      Climate crisis
      Middle East
      Ukraine
      Football
      Newsletters
      Business
      Environment
      UK politics
      Society
      Science
      Tech
      Global development
      Obituaries
      News
      Opinion
      Sport
      Culture
      Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
      About us
      Help
      Complaints & corrections
      SecureDrop
      Work for us

      Privacy policy
      Cookie policy
      Terms & conditions
      Contact us
      All topics
      All writers
      Modern Slavery Act
      Tax strategy
      Digital newspaper archive
      Facebook
      YouTube
      Instagram
      LinkedIn
      Newsletters
      Advertise with us
      Guardian Labs
      Search jobs
      Patrons
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)

                     File: 2008 07 26_The Guardian_The Briton facing 60 years in US prison after hacking into Pentagon.pdf
                                     URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2008/jul/27/internationalcrime.hacking
File: 2008 07 26_The Guardian_The Briton facing 60 years in US prison after hacking into Pentagon.pdf
                URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2008/jul/27/internationalcrime.hacking
File: 2008 07 26_The Guardian_The Briton facing 60 years in US prison after hacking into Pentagon.pdf
                URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2008/jul/27/internationalcrime.hacking
File: 2008 07 26_The Guardian_The Briton facing 60 years in US prison after hacking into Pentagon.pdf
                URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2008/jul/27/internationalcrime.hacking
File: 2008 07 26_The Guardian_The Briton facing 60 years in US prison after hacking into Pentagon.pdf
                URL: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2008/jul/27/internationalcrime.hacking
