{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T09:51:18Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 121979, "source_ctime_ns": 1790239054249645239, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-05-14_BBC_Files-released-on-UFO-sightings.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790239054198224535, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-05-14_BBC_Files-released-on-UFO-sightings.pdf", "source_sha256": "98fe2dc818c2b547baf747e2c8f586df6fc11312a24462feb4ef3056936a8ae8"}

BBC News Updated every minute of every day
         BBC NEWS CHANNEL
News Front Page Page last updated at 00:31 GMT, Wednesday, 14 May 2008 01:31 UK
World                E-mail this to a friend       Printable version
UK
England
Northern Ireland
                    Files released on UFO sightings
Scotland
Wales             Secret files on UFO
                                                                                                   SEE ALSO
Business          sightings have been made
Politics                                                                                           Robbie to host alien documentary
Health
                  available for the first time                                                     MoD releases secret files on UFOs
Education         by the Ministry of                                                               Help sought over 'bright light'
Science &         Defence.                                                                         UFOs exist, says Japan official
Environment                                                                                        Call for US to re-open UFO file
Technology                                                                                         Saucers in the sky
Entertainment     The documents, which can This         is how one person described the UFO they
Also in the news                                   had seen                                        RELATED BBC LINKS
----------------- be downloaded from the                                                           BBC Radio 4's Today programme
Video and Audio National Archives website, cover the period from 1978
                                                                                                   RELATED INTERNET LINKS
-----------------
Have Your Say     to 1987.                                                                         National Archives UFO site
Magazine                                                                                           Ministry of Defence
In Pictures                                                                                        The BBC is not responsible for the content of
Country Profiles They include accounts of strange lights in the sky and                            external internet sites
Special Reports unexplained objects being spotted by the public, armed

Related BBC forces and police officers.                                                            TOP UK STORIES
sites                                                                                              Major manhunt for Afghan soldier
              One man explained in great detail his "physical and                                  Unemployment dips to 2.47 million
      Sport                                                                                        PM condemns sympathy for Moat
      Weather psychic contact" with green aliens since he was a child.
                                                                                                          | News feeds
      Democracy
      Live
      Radio 1       The writer said that one of them, called Algar, was
      Newsbeat      killed in 1981 by another race of beings as he was about MOST POPULAR STORIES NOW
      CBBC
      Newsround     to make contact with the UK government.
      On This                                                                                             SHARED
      Day                                                                                                 WATCHED/LISTENED
      Editors'      The letter's author said he visited their bases in the
      Blog          Wirral and Cheshire, while his wife reported seeing a                                 BBC News
                                                                                                          BBC News
Languages           UFO shot down over Wallasey on Merseyside.
                                                                                                          BBC News
      Newyddion                                                                                           BBC News
                    The eight released files are part of almost 200 files set                             BBC News
                    to be made available over the next four years.                                        BBC News
                                                                                                          Church 'colluded' with sex abuse bishop
                                                                                                          UK rail ticket machines hit by IT glitch
                    These documents will be available to download for free                                BBC News
                    for the first month.                                                                  BBC News

                                                                                                   Most popular now, in detail
                    A spokesman for the National Archives said they were
                    now becoming available after several requests made
                    under the Freedom of Information Act, and also because
                    of a "proactive move by the Ministry of Defence for an
                    open and transparent government".

                    Much of the previously classified paperwork is made up
                    of correspondence from the public sent to government
                    officials, such as the MoD and then-prime minister
                    Margaret Thatcher.
                                               File: 2008 05 14_BBC_Files released on UFO sightings.pdf
                                                   URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7398108.stm
Another document reveals            You can go. You are too old and too
                            infirm for our purpose
the experiences of a 78-    Reported alien comment to pensioner
year-old man who alleged        In Pictures: The UFO files
                                Expert examines UFO files
that he met an alien beside
Basingstoke Canal in Aldershot, Hampshire in 1983.

He said he went on board the craft, giving a detailed
explanation of it, before being quizzed by the aliens
about his age.

He was then told: "You can go. You are too old and too
infirm for our purpose."

'Britain's Roswell'

Another letter, from the director of a group called the
Wigan Ariel Phenomena Investigation Team, asks the
MoD if it had a code of practice for dealing with an
alien invasion.

A further document reveals how, on 21 February 1982,
a group of customers and staff at a Tunbridge Wells pub
reported an unknown object with green and red flashing
lights - seen heading in the direction of Gatwick airport.

There are some reports from more official sources. The
United States Air Force filed a report about two USAF
policemen who saw "unusual lights outside the back
gate at RAF Woodbridge" in Suffolk in December
1980.


This relates to the well-        Let me assure this House that Her
                           Majesty's government has never been
known incident of an       approached by people from outer space

alleged alien encounter at Government briefing to House of Lords
Rendlesham Forest, dubbed "Britain's Roswell" after
the supposed contact made with aliens at Roswell in the
United States.

Several drawings are visible in the files from those keen
to demonstrate what they had seen.

One such sketch was made by Metropolitan Police
officers, who were called out to a house in Stanmore in
the London Borough of Harrow on 26 April, 1984.

Three officers spent an hour observing the object in the
                         File: 2008 05 14_BBC_Files released on UFO sightings.pdf
                             URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7398108.stm
Three officers spent an hour observing the object in the
sky, which "moved erratically from side to side, up and
down and to and fro, not venturing far from the original
position".

One of the Pcs, who saw the object through binoculars,
described it as "circular in the middle with what
appeared to be a dome on top and underneath" with
different coloured lights.

Common explanations

Visitors to the National Archives site will also find a
videocast from Nick Pope, a British UFO specialist.

Mr Pope picked out one incident where a UFO was
spotted over central London.


"This is a very interesting
illustration that, actually,
UFOs are seen in built-up
areas. People have this idea
they're seen in desolate,
rural places.
                                 A sketch of a UFO, made by a Metropolitan
                                 Police officer
"There's a sighting actually
on Waterloo bridge, when a number of witnesses
actually stopped to look at this UFO that was seen over
the Thames."

Mr Pope said the most common explanation for UFOs
were aircraft lights, bright stars and planets, satellites,
meteors, or airships.

A detailed briefing is available within the files, which
was prepared by the MoD for Lord Strabolgi, then
government chief whip, for a debate on UFOs in the
House of Lords in January 1979.

The briefing said that "there is nothing to indicate that
UFOlogy is anything but claptrap" and that the idea of
an "inter-governmental conspiracy of silence" was "the
most astonishing and the most flattering claim of all".


Newsnight's report on UFO sightings - and crop circles

                     File: 2008 05 14_BBC_Files released on UFO sightings.pdf
                         URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7398108.stm
The briefing goes on to say: "Let me assure this House
that Her Majesty's government has never been
approached by people from outer space."

Also available on the website is a podcast from Dr
David Clarke, an expert in UFO history, discussing the
files.

Dr Clarke, who is a lecturer at Sheffield Hallam
University, told the BBC's Radio 4 Today programme
that conspiracy theories about aliens are "very difficult
to disprove".

He said: "I doubt the disclosure of these files will
convince those who believe there is an official cover-
up.

"Inevitably, some have already dismissed this release as
a whitewash. For them the 'truth' still remains out there,
hidden no doubt in more above top secret files hidden
somewhere else."


  E-mail this to a friend              Printable version


Bookmark with:

     Delicious
     Digg
     reddit
     Facebook
     StumbleUpon
                            File: 2008 05 14_BBC_Files released on UFO sightings.pdf
                                URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7398108.stm
                  What are these?
                    FEATURES, VIEWS, ANALYSIS


                    Ghost town               The guerilla plant       Walking away
                    Has China's housing      How the world's          Why Royal Ballet
                    bubble burst?            oldest clove tree        principal Sergei
                                             defied an empire         Polunin quit

                  Most Popular Now
                  The most shared story right now is: Ban for owner of bust company

Skip to top

PRODUCTS & SERVICES

      E-mail news
      Mobiles
      Widgets & Alerts
      News feeds
      Interactive TV
      Podcasts


                                            File: 2008 05 14_BBC_Files released on UFO sightings.pdf
                                                URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7398108.stm
