{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T06:45:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 86951, "source_ctime_ns": 1790240632619245688, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-01-06_The-Guardian_The-truth-is-out-X-Files-go-public.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790240632603777293, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-01-06_The-Guardian_The-truth-is-out-X-Files-go-public.pdf", "source_sha256": "b6bea68d6ccbf07e100d4ede09e2f862898ab78ca995c922b3b85ee96473892d"}

Skip to main contentSkip to navigationSkip to navigation
The ObserverUK news
  This article is more than 17 years old

The truth is out: X-Files go public
This article is more than 17 years old
British UFO 'sightings' investigated by a secret branch of the MoD are soon to be revealed and officials are braced for a torrent of
inquiries
Mark Townsend, defence correspondent
Sun 6 Jan 2008 17.32 GMT
 Share

Without warning, the orange UFO swooped toward them. The crew of the RAF Vulcan bomber banked hard and radioed they
were being chased across the Atlantic by a large mysterious object. The incident was classified as a UFO sighting and the details
were immediately locked away.
Now, 30 years later, the extraordinary encounter is among thousands of previously secret cases contained in the government's 'X-
Files' that officials are to release in their entirety.

Register: it’s quick and easy
It’s still free to read – this is not a paywall
We’re committed to keeping our quality reporting open. By registering and providing us with insight into your preferences, you’re
helping us to engage with you more deeply, and that allows us to keep our journalism free for all. You’ll always be able to control
your own privacy settings .

Register for free I’ll do it later

Have a subscription? Made a contribution? Already registered?
Sign In
Why register & how does it help?How will my information & data be used?Get help with registering or signing in
The cases, many from a little-known defence intelligence branch tasked with investigating UFO claims, will be published by the
Ministry of Defence to counter what officials say is 'the maze of rumour and frequently ill-informed speculation' surrounding Whitehall
and its alleged involvement with Unidentifed Flying Objects.
The public opening of the MoD archive will expose the once highly classified work of the intelligence branch DI55, whose mission
was to investigate UFO reports and whose existence was denied by the government until recently. Reports into about 7,000 UFO
sightings investigated by defence officials - every single claim lodged over the past 30 years - are included in the files, whose staged
release will begin in spring.
The decision to release Whitehall's full back-catalogue of UFO investigations was taken last month after the Directorate of Air
Space Policy, the government agency responsible for filtering sensitive reports, gave its permission to publish the biggest single
release of documents in MoD history. Now the government fears a repeat of the unprecedented demand and the website crash
experienced by the French national space agency in March when it released its own UFO files. Government IT experts are believed
to have drawn up contingency plans to avoid a repeat scenario when Britain's dossiers are finally made public.
Among the first tranche of UK cases will be the official government files into the famous Rendlesham incident, dubbed 'Britain's
Roswell' after the US incident when a flying saucer is said to have crash-landed in the New Mexico desert 60 years ago. On a foggy
night in 1980 several witnesses reported a UFO apparently landing in Rendlesham Forest, Suffolk. Statements claimed the craft was
covered in markings similar to Egyptian hieroglyphics and aliens emerged from it. Although a man later confessed to having staged
the incident as a hoax, the files will clear up continuing speculation as to whether radiation was detected at the site after the event.
Another case reported to the intelligence branch DI55 - Britain's version of the 'Men In Black' - chronicles a series of reports sent to
RAF Scampton, Lincolnshire, by the crew of a Vulcan bomber on exercise over the Bay of Biscay early on 26 May 1977.
According to documents seen by The Observer, five crewmen, including the captain, co-pilot and navigators, watched 'an object'
                                        File: 2008 01 06_The Guardian_The truth is out X Files go public.pdf
                                       URL: https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2008/jan/06/spaceexploration.military
approach their aircraft at 43,000ft above the Atlantic. The mysterious craft then appeared to turn and follow their precise course
from a distance of four miles.
Initially, the crew said the object resembled landing lights 'with a long pencil beam of light ahead' but as it turned towards them the
lights suddenly went out leaving a diffuse orange glow with a bright fluorescent green spot in its bottom right-hand corner. Then,
according to signals sent back to Scampton, the crew noted a mystery object 'leaving from the middle of the glow on a westerly
track... climbing at very high speed at an angle of 45 degrees'.
The Vulcan's navigator recorded interference on his radar screen from the direction of the UFO which continued for 45 minutes as
the plane headed back to Britain. On return to the UK, the camera film from the aircraft's radar was examined by RAF intelligence.
They found a 'strong response' from the direction of the sighting. The UFO was captured as 'an elongated shadow' of a 'large-sized'
object travelling at a similar height to the Vulcan. An intelligence report sent to the MoD the same day says the crew 'were unable to
offer a logical explanation for the sighting'.
Although hailed as the complete disclosure of the UK's UFO files, questions are likely to remain over whether all available
information will be made public. Despite the Vulcan sighting being investigated by DI55, no details remain in the file indicating what
they found or what became of the radar film.
The disclosures are more likely, claim some experts, to lend credence to the theory that such UFO incidents were, rather than alien
visitations, military activities such as missile launches, testing of prototype aircraft and other activities during the Cold War.
David Clarke, a lecturer in journalism at Sheffield Hallam University and author of Flying Saucerers: A Social History of UFOlogy,
said: 'Something was definitely going on, but really these files show that the government did not know either. This release will be a
source of disappointment or vindication for some, and embarrassment for others.
'Conspiracy theorists who believe that the various governments of the world are hiding secrets about the "reality" of aliens will see
this as another whitewash effort by the MoD and will probably continue their self-sustaining "campaign for the truth", when the truth
will in fact now be "out there".'
UFO researcher Joe McGonagle said: 'There will always be a hard core who believe these files were prepared for release and that
there is a secret department within the military who has a separate stash of files that have not been disclosed.'
UFOs remain one of the most popular subjects for Freedom of Information requests and the release is certain to generate a massive
response from the public when the files are placed in the National Archives. Clarke, who has lodged hundreds of FoI requests,
recently discovered that the government was considering destroying the 24 files created by DI55 because they were contaminated
by asbestos. Not only were the UFO records polluted, but a total of 63,000 files estimated at between six to 12 million pages -
most of them classified as secret - were facing the same fate. Having admitted the existence of the problem to Clarke, the MoD
opted to instigate a £3m project digitally to scan the files before they were destroyed. Scanning of the 24 contaminated UFO files
owned by DI55 was completed last year, although it is understood that names of officials in the reports will be removed.
Although the government remains reticent to discuss its intelligence work on UFOs, it is known that DI55 has been hot on the trail of
flying saucers since the Sixties. Experts admit that they work closely with the security services MI5, MI6 and GCHQ to collect and
assess evidence of potential threats to Britain.
The decision by the UK to open its files could lead to the US government following suit. A group of former pilots and government
officials recently urged the Pentagon to reopen investigations into claims of UFO sightings.
UFO claims
1980 Rendlesham Forest, Suffolk. US servicemen claim to have seen an alien craft and its landing site.
1984 Minsk, USSR. Aeroflot pilots say they are pursued by a glowing shape.
1989 Bonnybridge, Scotland. Fire crew report objects rushing towards them before veering away at the last moment.
1990 Brussels, Belgium. Two F-16 fighter pilots recount being engaged in 75-minute mid-air chase with a UFO.
· This article was amended on Sunday 20 2008. In the sentence in the article above: 'Although the government remains reticent to
discuss ...', we should have said reluctant, not reticent. This has been corrected.

Explore more on these topics
      UK news
      The Observer
                                     File: 2008 01 06_The Guardian_The truth is out X Files go public.pdf
                                    URL: https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2008/jan/06/spaceexploration.military
      Space
      Military
      UFOs
Share
Reuse this content

Most viewed


      Polyphenols: the natural chemicals that could give you a small waist, healthy heart and low blood pressure


      Simon never linked the pain in his hands and feet to multivitamins – but a pathology test did


      UK weather: power cuts, traffic chaos and cancelled flights due to heavy snow


      Live
      Australia win Border-Gavaskar series 3-1 after beating India by six wickets in SCG thriller


      Man dies after 70-metre fall from mountain ridge in Lake District

Most viewed
Most viewed
      UK
      UK politics
      Education
      Media
      Society
      Law
      Scotland
      Wales
      Northern Ireland
      News
      Opinion
      Sport
      Culture
      Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
                                    File: 2008 01 06_The Guardian_The truth is out X Files go public.pdf
                                   URL: https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2008/jan/06/spaceexploration.military
      About us
      Help
      Complaints & corrections
      SecureDrop
      Work for us

      Privacy policy
      Cookie policy
      Terms & conditions
      Contact us
      All topics
      All writers
      Modern Slavery Act
      Tax strategy
      Digital newspaper archive
      Facebook
      YouTube
      Instagram
      LinkedIn
      Newsletters
      Advertise with us
      Guardian Labs
      Search jobs
      Patrons
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)


                                   File: 2008 01 06_The Guardian_The truth is out X Files go public.pdf
                                  URL: https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2008/jan/06/spaceexploration.military
 File: 2008 01 06_The Guardian_The truth is out X Files go public.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2008/jan/06/spaceexploration.military
 File: 2008 01 06_The Guardian_The truth is out X Files go public.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2008/jan/06/spaceexploration.military
 File: 2008 01 06_The Guardian_The truth is out X Files go public.pdf
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2008/jan/06/spaceexploration.military
