{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T09:19:53Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 121427, "source_ctime_ns": 1790295373542360998, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-08-07_Space-com_UFOs-Flying-Emotions.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790295373445596509, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-08-07_Space-com_UFOs-Flying-Emotions.pdf", "source_sha256": "ead0aec6ed7b89ee970c2530ae242fb6c54e113ab4545e03c98e78ca70ddb331"}

Opentomenu
Skip   mainClose
            content
                 menu


Search Space Search Space

Subscribe
RSS
All About Space Magazine


      Jam packed issues filled with the latest cutting-edge research, technology and theories delivered in an entertaining and visually
      stunning way, aiming to educate and inspire readers of all ages
      Engaging articles, breathtaking images and expert knowledge
      Issues delivered straight to your door
From£24.99
View
Trending
      Parker Solar Probe survives sun flyby!
      Next Full Moon
      Aurora Forecast
      Night sky tonight!
      Best Telescopes
      Best Binoculars
      Best Star Projectors
      Lego Star Wars deals
      Best Drones
      Space Calendar
      Solar System Planets

UFOs: Flying Emotions
News
By Seth Shostak
published 7 August 2008


Carl Sagan at the Very Large Array in New Mexico. (Image credit: Cosmos/Discovery)
Readerwarning: I'm taking off the kid gloves. If I seem angry here — a state ofemotional discombobulation that seldom seems to be
                                          File: 2008 08 07_Space com_UFOs Flying Emotions.pdf
                                         URL: https://www.space.com/5704-ufos-flying-emotions.html
Readerwarning: I'm taking off the kid gloves. If I seem angry here — a state ofemotional discombobulation that seldom seems to be
my wont — it's becausepeople whom I barely know, or in some cases haven't even heard of, insist onpropelling me over the
precipice.
Ostensibly,the issue is extraterrestrial intelligence. Not whether it exists, but whether thealiens have come to Earth. This idea, often
monikered as "the UFO hypothesis," is a belief that's neitherfringe nor uncommon. A 2002 Roper poll found that nearly half of all
Americansbelieve that alien craft have visited Earth, and an even larger percentage feelin their heart of hearts that the government is
playing dumb about these cosmiccallers.
But that'snot what's causing the bile to marinate my gallbladder. Personally (and asregular readers know), I'm not convinced by the
evidence presented so far that aliensare sharing our airspace. But the evidence for the UFO hypothesis isn't thepoint here. Rather, it's
the lack of civilized discourse.
For years,anytime I would write an article on these digital pages about the UFO question,I could be sure of quickly accumulating a
dozen or so e-mails from offendedreaders. What struck me was that these respondents were less interested intrying to provide good
evidence for landed aliens than they were in making brutal,ad hominem attacks on me. Somehow, the fact that I didn't share
theirconvictions must mean that I'm an "evil, terrible person." This sortof automatic excoriation seemed to come with the territory.
Talking about UFOswas like moonlighting as a metal duck in a shooting gallery.
But somerecent appearances on CNN's "Larry King Live" made clear to me that sheet-steelquackers are an abundant breed.
Anyone who publicly doubts that alien spacecraftare sailing our skies risks being a target. On the last of these programs, Iwatched as
folks who were there to describe their evidence for extraterrestrialvisitation laid into the guests who were skeptical: Bill Nye(the
Science Guy) and me. Several of the UFO proponents made puerile jokesabout Nye's TV career, much of which has been devoted
to teaching science tokids (it's hard to think of a more worthwhile endeavor, incidentally). Nye'sresponses were impressively
dignified, although that didn't seem to faze thosewho found endless amusement in berating him.
I, too, wasattacked, generally along the lines that, since I don't investigate UFOreports, I'm not qualified to opine on whether I find
them convincing or not. Well,that's bunk. And it's certainly not how science works. I don't need to be an astronomerspecializing in
black hole research, nor do it myself, to gauge whether someone'sclaim that they've found one of these collapsed objects in the
center of somegalaxy or other is credible. I can do that based on the methodology, the reporteddata, and (to be brutally frank) the
reputation of the investigator and theirprofessional affiliation. The burden of proof in science is on the personmaking the claim. And if
the only way the investigator can convince others is byinsisting that their audience shift careers and start doing their work,then
something's gravely amiss. Carl Saganwas asked his opinion about many matters in which he had no researchbackground. His
thoughts on same were valuable and worth hearing.
Needless tosay, there were a number of vituperative e-mails awaiting my delectation afterthe "King" shows (and, to be fair, some
nice ones, too). One of theloveliest, from the executive director of an advocacy group that hopes to wrestloose UFO secrets
supposedly held by the government, included thesewell-wishes:
Breaking space news, the latest updates on rocket launches, skywatching events and more!

Your Email Address             Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our
trusted partners or sponsors Sign me up

By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over.
"While we don't expect you to go away anytime soon,there is one consolation. Everything you have said and written on the subjectof
UFO/ET phenomena is archived - audio, video, email, paper. You can beassured that when this issue is finally resolved, post
Disclosure, every timeyou open that ill informed mouth of yours, that archive will be brought to bearand you will be eviscerated. You
deserve nothing less."
Although Idisagreed with this gentleman's conviction that a massive cover-up has keptalien visitation from our clear notice, I told him
that I would not want him "tobe eviscerated, now or in the future." His rejoinder was massively unfriendlyand threatening.
So what'swrong here? Why is it that so many members of the UFO community feel that theyneed to be bullies? Yes, I'll freely admit
that many scientists are dismissiveof the UFO hypothesis — often to the point of ridicule. I can understand thefrustration occasioned
by that. "I don't get no respect" can be alegitimate plaint, and I'm sure that some UFO proponents feel that pain.
Nonetheless,if after 60 years of claims, the only way that those who believe we're hostingextraterrestrials can make their point is by
wielding the blunt weapon ofpersonal attack, then the whole issue has gone off the rails. I'm willing tolisten, and — believe it or not
— you could convince me with decent evidence. Afterall, I happen to think that extraterrestrial intelligence is a frequentoccurrence in
a universe of ten thousand million million million stars.

                                           File: 2008 08 07_Space com_UFOs Flying Emotions.pdf
                                          URL: https://www.space.com/5704-ufos-flying-emotions.html
But whenyou resort to threats, vitriol and scorn, I think you've lost more than theargument. You've lost your cred.
      SPACE.com TV: Reflections on Fermi's Paradox
      Video Player: Listening for Life
      All About SETI
Join our Space Forums to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip,
correction or comment, let us know at: community@space.com.
Seth Shostak is an astronomer at the SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Institute in Mountain View, California, who
places a high priority on communicating science to the public. In addition to his many academic papers, Seth has published hundreds
of popular science articles, and not just for Space.com; he makes regular contributions to NBC News MACH, for example. Seth
has also co-authored a college textbook on astrobiology and written three popular science books on SETI, including "Confessions
of an Alien Hunter" (National Geographic, 2009). In addition, Seth ahosts the SETI Institute's weekly radio show, "Big Picture
Science."


We finally know where to look for life on Mars


NASA's nuclear-powered Dragonfly helicopter will ride a SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket toward Saturn moon Titan


Dead stars can celebrate 2 New Years every second with nearby cosmic fireworks
See more latest ►

Most Popular


                                          File: 2008 08 07_Space com_UFOs Flying Emotions.pdf
                                         URL: https://www.space.com/5704-ufos-flying-emotions.html
MORE FROM SPACE...


   1.
      1
   2. 2
   3. 3
   4. 4
   5. 5
Space is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.
        About Us
        Contact Future's experts
        Terms and conditions
        Privacy policy
        Cookies policy
        Accessibility Statement
        Advertise with us
        Web notifications
        Careers
© Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.


                                           File: 2008 08 07_Space com_UFOs Flying Emotions.pdf
                                          URL: https://www.space.com/5704-ufos-flying-emotions.html
