{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T13:52:10Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 132722, "source_ctime_ns": 1790271974759249586, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-05-14_BBC_UK-Dear-MoD-where-is-ET.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790271974733807302, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-05-14_BBC_UK-Dear-MoD-where-is-ET.pdf", "source_sha256": "6578b5ba24885c6899371f16fac81450c0e03b58483bd4caf63e12f37ed8be27"}

BBC News Updated every minute of every day
         BBC NEWS CHANNEL
News Front Page Page last updated at 06:30 GMT, Wednesday, 14 May 2008 07:30 UK
World                E-mail this to a friend       Printable version
UK
England
Northern Ireland
                 Dear MoD: where is ET?
Scotland          By Dr David Clarke
Wales             Sheffield Hallam University                                               SEE ALSO
Business
Politics                                                                                    Saucers in the sky
Health            For decades the Ministry of Defence kept what it                          Robbie to host alien documentary
Education         knew about UFOs locked away in its archives. Now,                         MoD releases secret files on UFOs
Science &                                                                                   UFOs exist, says Japan official
Environment
                  the contents of what have been called Britain's X-
                                                                                            Help sought over 'bright light'
Technology        Files are finally being revealed. One of the UK's                         Call for US to re-open UFO file
Entertainment     leading UFO experts told Radio 4's Today
Also in the news                                                                            RELATED BBC LINKS
----------------- programme about his hunt.                                                 Radio 4's Today programme
Video and Audio                                                                             Science & Nature: UFOs
-----------------
Have Your Say                                                                               RELATED INTERNET LINKS
Magazine                                                                                    National Archives UFO site
                  The first eight of 160 MoD                                                Dr David Clarke
In Pictures
Country Profiles UFO files have been                                                        Ministry of Defence
Special Reports opened at the National                                                      The BBC is not responsible for the content of
Related BBC Archives, thanks to the                                                         external internet sites
sites       Freedom of Information
                                                                                            TOP UK STORIES
      Sport
            Act.
                                                                                            Major manhunt for Afghan soldier
     Weather                                      The MoD UFO files have sparked numerous
                                                  conspiracy theories                       Unemployment dips to 2.47 million
     Democracy   They contain details of                                                    PM condemns sympathy for Moat
     Live
     Radio 1     thousands of sightings of strange lights and objects in                         | News feeds
     Newsbeat    the sky from 1981 to the present day.
     CBBC
     Newsround
     On This                                                                                MOST POPULAR STORIES NOW
                 Most of the sightings were made by ordinary people,
     Day
     Editors'    including police officers, pilots and schoolchildren.                            SHARED
     Blog                                                                                         WATCHED/LISTENED
Languages      But, now the X-files have been opened, what do they                                BBC News
     Newyddion
               actually tell us? The answer is disappointing for those                            BBC News
               who believe the British government has been concealing                             BBC News
               evidence of visits by aliens.                                                      BBC News
                                                                                                  BBC News
                                                                                                  BBC News
                 Planes, flames and hallucinations                                                Church 'colluded' with sex abuse bishop
                                                                                                  UK rail ticket machines hit by IT glitch
                 As I leafed through hundreds of official UFO report                              BBC News
                                                                                                  BBC News
                 forms it became obvious the vast majority of sightings
                 could easily be explained.                                                 Most popular now, in detail


                 For example, staff and customers at a pub in Tunbridge

                 Wells reported seeing a UFO with "red and green
                 flashing lights" moving across the sky. When asked to
                 describe the direction of movement their answer was
                 "Gatwick".

                 Aircraft, bright stars and planets, satellites and space
                                         File: 2008 05 14_BBC_UK Dear MoD where is ET.pdf
                                             URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7398784.stm
debris all stand out as the most common explanation for
UFO reports.

A small number have been revealed as hoaxes or
hallucinations.


But a hard-core of 5-10%
continues to defy
explanation.

Despite the mystery that
continues to surround
those that remain             Drawing of a UFO witnessed by two police
                              officers near Edgware Road
"unidentified", the papers
reveal how little time and effort was spent by the MoD
to investigate them.

Even those reported by RAF pilots and civil aircrew
were rarely investigated further.

This lack of interest was justified by officials on the
grounds that the MoD was only allowed to determine
whether UFO sightings were a threat to defence.


During the Cold War the             Inevitably, some have already
                             dismissed this release as a whitewash
major threat came from
behind the Iron Curtain, not Dr David Clarke
                                Files released on UFO sightings
from outer space.

Meanwhile, public fascination for UFOs has continued
to grow. In 1999, a survey for the Daily Mail found that
49% of the UK population believe that life exists on
other planets and 29% believe that aliens had already
visited Earth in flying saucers.

Equally popular is the idea that governments of the
world are conspiring to conceal evidence of alien visits
from the general public.

Secrecy provides a breeding ground for conspiracy
theories and the MoD's policy of playing down the
subject encouraged some people to believe that proof of
UFO reality was being deliberately covered up to
prevent panic.

The truth is out there
                            File: 2008 05 14_BBC_UK Dear MoD where is ET.pdf
                                URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7398784.stm
I was determined to discover if there was any truth
behind these claims by using investigative techniques to
uncover the facts.

From 1994, it was possible to obtain copies of
government papers from the previous 30 years, and I
began using this power to request copies of MoD files
on famous UFO incidents.

In 2001 the MoD agreed to send me papers they held on
the Rendlesham Forest incident - known as Britain's
Roswell. This was the first breakthrough in what
became a 10-year campaign for full disclosure of
British government papers on UFOs.

When the Freedom of Information Act arrived in 2005,
the MoD was overwhelmed with requests for
information. It soon emerged that UFOs were among
the top three most popular topics.

Working with a small group of colleagues, I embarked
on a targeted strategy using FOI requests to cajole,
persuade and - when necessary - force the MoD and
other government departments to reveal what they knew.


This ultimately led to the
decision, last year, to
transfer the entire
collection of UFO files
held by Whitehall to the
National Archives at Kew.

The files will be released in
chronological order over a
four year period and made ARamsgate
                              UFO photographed flying into the sea near

available to the public to
download free of charge
for the first month. The
papers contain details of
8,000 sightings from 1981 to present.

The names and addresses of those who reported
sightings to the MoD have been removed to protect their
identities.

In a statement released to us, the MoD conceded that "by
                            File: 2008 05 14_BBC_UK Dear MoD where is ET.pdf
                                URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7398784.stm
                  In a statement released to us, the MoD conceded that "by
                  opening our files in this way, we may help to counter
                  the maze of rumour and frequently ill-informed
                  speculation that surrounds the role of the MoD in the
                  UFO phenomena".

                  Conspiracy theories are very difficult to disprove. I
                  doubt the disclosure of these files will convince those
                  who believe there is an official cover-up.

                  Inevitably, some have already dismissed this release as a
                  whitewash. For them the 'truth' still remains out there,
                  hidden no doubt in more top secret files hidden
                  somewhere else.


                         E-mail this to a friend              Printable version


                  Bookmark with:
                            Delicious
                            Digg
                            reddit
                            Facebook
                            StumbleUpon

                  What are these?
                    FEATURES, VIEWS, ANALYSIS


                    Ghost town                     The guerilla plant             Walking away
                    Has China's housing            How the world's                Why Royal Ballet
                    bubble burst?                  oldest clove tree              principal Sergei
                                                   defied an empire               Polunin quit


                  Most Popular Now
                  The most read story in the UK is: Government wins Commons VAT votes


Skip to top

PRODUCTS & SERVICES

      E-mail news
      Mobiles
      Widgets & Alerts
      News feeds
      Interactive TV
      Podcasts


                                                    File: 2008 05 14_BBC_UK Dear MoD where is ET.pdf
                                                        URL: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7398784.stm
