{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T10:24:22Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 65781, "source_ctime_ns": 1790289194386390852, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-12-01_GamesIndustry-biz_Wii-Shop-Channel-releases.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790289194375114689, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2008-12-01_GamesIndustry-biz_Wii-Shop-Channel-releases.pdf", "source_sha256": "42dd81c65c0636d0de78902a4c970ed71fe5422287869165b16d75dcea019413"}

If you click on a link and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. Read our editorial policy.
Dec. 1, 2008
After a long, lazy holiday weekend, it's time to shake off your post-Thanksgiving daze. Need some suggestions for boosting your
activity level back into the red? Let the latest additions to the Wii™ Shop Channel be your guide: Take command of a UFO in an
epic space battle, get your engine revving as the leader of a frenzied pit crew, or storm the battlefield in a high-tech military mêlée.
With all this excitement, you may be ready for another vacation day sooner than you think.
Nintendo adds new and classic games to the Wii Shop Channel at 9 a.m. Pacific time every Monday. Wii owners with a high-speed
Internet connection can redeem Wii Points™ to download the games. Wii Points can be purchased in the Wii Shop Channel or at
retail outlets. This week's new games are:
WiiWare™

Tango Gameworks rebrands following Krafton acquisition | News-in-brief
Now known as Tango Gameworks Inc, the studio shared it was "excited to continue crafting games that bring joy to players around
the world"
SPACE INVADERS GET EVEN (Taito, 1 player, Rated E10+ for Everyone 10 and Older-Cartoon Violence, 500 Wii Points):
The Space Invaders are back, and this time they're out to get even. Take control of a UFO and make those Earthlings pay by
unleashing your fleet of heroic invaders against their puny tanks, fighter jets and artillery-but watch out for the massive boss awaiting
you at the end of each stage. Use your invaders' five attack types and the might of the mother ship to rack up high scores, then
upload them via Nintendo® Wi-Fi Connection and see where you stand in the global rankings. (Note: Router and broadband access
required for online play. For more info, visit www.nintendo.com.)
Pit Crew Panic! (Hudson Entertainment, 1-4 players, Rated E for Everyone, 800 Wii Points): Pit Crew Panic! is a frantic,
action-packed game that unfolds on the racing circuit. During the game, the pit crew is not only faced with repairing vehicles, but also
various WHATSITs. Handling the WHATSIT repairs is a pit crew made up of legendary beauties. The controls are simple: Just
grab a member of the crew with the Wii Remote™ controller's A Button, then release the button when the Pointer is over the
damaged PART, and that crew member will begin repairs. Assign repairs to the members of your team and provide support using
the Wii Remote to send a fully repaired WHATSIT out of the pit as quickly as you can. The game features Normal mode, which can
be played using one of two rules: Abnormal mode (players split into two teams and compete against each other) and Ranking mode
(compete with players around the world for the top record). Each mode can be played with a maximum of four Wii Remote
controllers, allowing you to team up with friends and family. Your teamwork could lead to outstanding records.
Virtual Console™
METAL SLUG 2 (NEOGEO, 1-2 players, Rated T for Teen-Blood and Gore, Violence, 900 Wii Points): Released in
1998 by SNK, METAL SLUG 2 is a side-scrolling military-action game. Players choose from Marco, Tarma, Eri and Fio, setting
their sights on wiping out Morden's newly remobilized Rebellion Army. Just like the original METAL SLUG, players blaze a trail by
shooting and jumping, but METAL SLUG 2 adds a new arsenal for you to command, including a heavy machine gun, a shotgun and
even a laser gun, providing players with rich variety. Battle effects are packed in, as well-players turn into mummies after getting
caught in poison gas coughed up by mummies. After picking up too many food items, characters turn fat, but they get an attack-
strength upgrade. Two-player action is supported, too, so players can have a blast with their friends.
For more information about Wii, please visit wii.com.


GamesIndustry International is the world's leading games industry website, incorporating GamesIndustry.biz and
IndustryGamers.com.
Newsletters
All the biggest stories, expert analysis and data, straight to your inbox.
   GI Daily
   GI Market Report
   Partner Emails
Enter your email address          Sign up

                                         File: 2008 12 01_GamesIndustry biz_Wii Shop Channel releases.pdf
    URL: https://www.gamesindustry.biz/wii-shop-channel-releases-space-invaders-get-even-pit-crew-panic-and-metal-slug-2-available-this-week-in-the-states
Latest News
      Putting people first – practical tips for mental health and wellbeing support | HR Summit Video
      What do we expect to see in 2025? | GI Microcast
      Leadership through times of change | HR Summit Video
      Weathering the Storm. Building Trust and Positivity in Challenging Times | HR Summit Video
      Team17 co-founder Martyn Brown dies aged 57
      Maintaining Personal Boundaries and Wellbeing as an HR Leader | HR Summit Video
      Neurodiversity in the game industry: unlocking hidden talents | HR Summit Video


GamesIndustry.biz is owned by Gamer Network Limited, an IGN Entertainment company and subsidiary of Ziff Davis. © 2025
Gamer Network Limited, 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. Company number 03882481. All rights
reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission.
      Helpful Links
      About Us
      Advertise with us
      Archive
      Authors
      Contact Us
      Corporate Site
       Manage push notifications
      Pitching Guidelines
      RSS Feeds
      Send Us News
      Policies

      Code of Conduct
      Cookie Policy
      Do Not Sell My Personal Information
      Editorial Policy
      Privacy Policy
      Review Policy
      Terms & Conditions
      Gamer Network
      Dicebreaker
      Digital Foundry
      Eurogamer
      Jelly Deals
      Nintendo Life
      Pure Xbox
      Push Square
      Rock Paper Shotgun
      Time Extension
      VG247
      VGC


                                        File: 2008 12 01_GamesIndustry biz_Wii Shop Channel releases.pdf
   URL: https://www.gamesindustry.biz/wii-shop-channel-releases-space-invaders-get-even-pit-crew-panic-and-metal-slug-2-available-this-week-in-the-states
