{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T15:44:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 173317, "source_ctime_ns": 1790202943886931233, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-09-03_The-Independent_I-have-been-abducted-by-aliens-says-Japan-s-first-lady.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790202943872717751, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-09-03_The-Independent_I-have-been-abducted-by-aliens-says-Japan-s-first-lady.pdf", "source_sha256": "66be09e9797c8961776a3288a7639578097fa566ee5e25c2c483a6c103e5cb07"}

Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent
Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

 Not now Yes please


For free real time breaking news alerts sent straight to your inbox sign up to our breaking news
emails
Sign up to our free breaking news emails
Sign up to our free breaking news emails
Email
 SIGN UP
  I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our privacy policy
Move over Michelle, watch your backs, Carla and Sarah. There's a new kid on the first lady block, and she looks like upstaging the
lot of you.
Miyuki Hatoyama, wife of Japan's Prime Minister-elect, Yukio Hatoyama, is a lifestyle guru, a macrobiotics enthusiast, an author of
cookery books, a retired actress, a divorcee, and a fearless clothes horse for garments of her own creation, including a skirt made
from Hawaiian coffee sacks. But there is more, much more. She has travelled to the planet Venus. And she was once abducted by
aliens.
The 62-year-old also knew Tom Cruise in a former incarnation – when he was Japanese – and is now looking forward to making a
Hollywood movie with him. "I believe he'd get it if I said to him, 'Long time no see', when we meet," she said in a recent interview.
But it is her claim in a book entitled "Very Strange Things I've Encountered" that she was abducted by aliens while she slept one
night 20 years ago, that has suddenly drawn attention following last Sunday's poll.
"While my body was asleep, I think my soul rode on a triangular-shaped UFO and went to Venus," she explains in the tome she
published last year. "It was a very beautiful place, and it was very green."
When the new Japanese first lady related her adventures to her then husband, he told her flatteningly that it was probably just a
dream. But she is confident that Yukio, the man now entrusted with the task of hauling Japan out of its deepest recession, would
                            File: 2009 09 03_The Independent_I have been abducted by aliens says Japan s first lady.pdf
                URL: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/i-have-been-abducted-by-aliens-says-japans-first-lady-1780888.html
have reacted very differently. "My current husband has a different way of thinking. He would surely say, 'Oh, that's great'," she
wrote. Mrs Hatoyama's self-confidence in projecting her personality, and shattering the traditional expectations of a political wife,
probably derives from her early years as a dancer in Japan's legendary all-female Takarazuka theatrical troupe.
Founded in 1913, Takarazuka has long enjoyed cult status in Japan. The star players in its glitzy, saccharine, ferociously camp
productions of US classics like Gone with the Wind enjoy superstar status among the armies of women that flock to the shows.
Takarazuka's actresses are picked from thousands of teenage hopefuls in a stringent selection process and subjected to a quasi-
monastic training regimen. While a handful become household names, the great majority, like Mrs Hatoyama, retire after a few years.
But the aura of belonging to this exclusive sorority clings to them for ever.
After six years Mrs Hatoyama quit the troupe and went to the United States. It was there, while working in a Japanese restaurant in
San Francisco, that she met Yukio, then a graduate student at Stanford University. Miyuki was still married to her first husband. "The
average man chooses his mate from among unmarried women," Mr Hatoyama boasted years later. "I chose mine from among all
women."
Rejecting the reticence that is customary in Japan, Mr Hatoyama makes no secret of his devotion to his multi-talented wife. His
website has a photo of the pair of them in an affectionate pose, and he admits happily to being what the Japanese call a "my-home-
papa". "I feel relieved when I get home," he says. "She is like an energy refuelling base."
Though Mr Hatoyama is a multi-millionaire and the fourth generation of his family to rise to the top of the Japanese political world,
his appearance is unconventional by rigid Japanese standards: his hair is unruly and he rejects the navy uniform of the political world
in favour of suits of brown and moss green.
It is this refusal to bow to convention, as well as his tendency to drop conversation-stopping remarks – like his call, during the
election campaign, for a "politics full of love" – that long ago led other Japanese politicians to dismiss him as an uchujin, an alien.
Though not, presumably, the one who took Miyuki to Venus.

More about
MarriageSpaceStanford UniversityThe Super-Rich

Join our commenting forum
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Comments

Most Popular


Liverpool vs Man Utd set to go ahead despite snow - latest updates


What is HMPV? China steps up measures amid new virus outbreak


Filmmaker Jeff Baena’s cause of death confirmed by coroner


UK weather live: Travel chaos amid snow and new Met Office warning


Mysterious giant metallic ring falls in Kenya

Popular videos
                             File: 2009 09 03_The Independent_I have been abducted by aliens says Japan s first lady.pdf
                 URL: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/i-have-been-abducted-by-aliens-says-japans-first-lady-1780888.html
Hillwalkers rescued after walking through blizzard


Snowfall on A3 in Surrey as weather causes flight delays


Wes Streeting squirms when asked if he’d work for £12 an hour


Did Lex Fridman interview Volodymyr Zelensky in Ukraine? Here's everything we know so far


Starbucks' iconic logo has a creepy backstory you've probably never heard


5 Elon Musk tweets which show he knows absolutely nothing about British politics, law or the monarchy


Everyone on TikTok is buying a red light therapy mask - but do they actually work?


Statue of Irish musician Rory Gallagher unveiled in Belfast

Sponsored Features


                            File: 2009 09 03_The Independent_I have been abducted by aliens says Japan s first lady.pdf
                URL: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/i-have-been-abducted-by-aliens-says-japans-first-lady-1780888.html
Filmmaker Jeff Baena’s cause of death confirmed by coroner


The statistics that reveal the true cost of Brexit, five years on


New driving test rules to come into force for 2025 announced by DVSA


Can and should you walk your dogs in the snow?


Archaeologists shocked by mystery complex found by complete luck

       Get in touch
              Contact us


       Our Products
              Subscribe
              Register
              Newsletters
              Donate
              Today’s Edition
              Install our app
              Archive
       Other publications
              International editions
              Independent en Español
              Independent Arabia
              Independent Turkish
              Independent Persian
              Independent Urdu
              The Standard
       Extras
              Puzzles
              All topics
              Betting Offers
              Voucher codes
              Competitions and offers
              Independent Advertising
              Independent Ignite
              Syndication
              Working at The Independent
       Legal
              Code of conduct and complaints
              Contributors
              Cookie policy
              Donations Terms & Conditions
              Privacy policy

              User policies
              Modern Slavery Statement

Thank you for registering
                   File: 2009 09 03_The Independent_I have been abducted by aliens says Japan s first lady.pdf
                 URL: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/i-have-been-abducted-by-aliens-says-japans-first-lady-1780888.html
Thank you for registering
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged
in


                            File: 2009 09 03_The Independent_I have been abducted by aliens says Japan s first lady.pdf
                URL: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/i-have-been-abducted-by-aliens-says-japans-first-lady-1780888.html
