{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T01:11:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 148914, "source_ctime_ns": 1790415672110804595, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-01-06_BBC_UFOs-in-Lincolnshire.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790415672105785151, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-01-06_BBC_UFOs-in-Lincolnshire.pdf", "source_sha256": "817edc944e280321cd8eea3a0e3ab161884fd5e30adca62965ab9bba9af594db"}

Skip to main content
      Access keys help
BBC                                                                                                                            Explore the BBC
              Home                                                                                 Search

This page has been archived and is no longer updated.
                             Find out more about page archiving.
 13 November 2014
 BBC Homepage

      BBC Local
      Lincolnshire
      Things to do
      People & Places

           Nature
           History
           Religion &
           Ethics
           Arts and
           Culture
           BBC
           Introducing
      TV & Radio

Local BBC Sites
      News
      Sport
      Weather
      Travel

Neighbouring
Sites
      Cambridgeshire
      Humberside
      Leicester
      Norfolk
      Nottingham

Related BBC
Sites
      England


 Contact Us


Places features
You are in: Lincolnshire > Places > Places features > UFOs in Lincolnshire
UFO enthusiasts are claiming damage to a Lincolnshire wind farm turbine was caused by a mystery aircraft.
The turbine at Conisholme lost one 66ft (20m) blade and another was badly damaged.
      In Pictures: UFO Gallery >
The turbine is one of 20 at the Conisholme site, which has been only been fully operational since April 2008.
The broken blade has been recovered and is being examined. Local ufologists said they had received many
reports of activity in the area and had teams searching for clues.
                                               File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                          URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
Damaged wind turbine at Conisholme Fell


Damaged wind turbine at Conisholme Fell
Russ Kellett, from the Flying Saucer Bureau, said witnesses had told him of activity in the area.
      UFO Sightings Timeline >
      Look North Report: UFO damages a wind turbine? >
      BBC News: UFO claim over wind farm damage >

More UFOs
Jason Kay sent the following email in to BBC Lincolnshire, wanting some help with a picture he'd taken.
'Hi, on New Years Eve, my wife saw a strange light approaching our house near the Lincolnshire coast. It
approached the house then changed direction and headed south. I have attached a photo of the light which
was taken after it was a long way away. It seemed to be a round/square light with smaller bright lights within
it. If you enlarge the picture you can clearly see this. We have discounted many theories such as
firework/chinese lantern/flare/aircraft etc as there was no noise and because of the way it changed direction.
This is the third strange light we have seen since November 2008.'

The Picture
UFO spotted over Lincolnshire?


UFO spotted over Lincolnshire?
Do you think the picture is of a UFO? Have you seen an Unidentified Flying Object over Lincolnshire? Send
your pictures in to lincolnshire@bbc.co.uk
      Video: Video of a UFO taken by Matthew Blurton Matthew was recording the Beverley Minster
      bells at midnight on New Years Eve and spotted a flying object in the sky. >
                                               File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                          URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
Help playing audio/video
last updated: 09/01/2009 at 12:46
created: 06/01/2009
Do you believe in UFOs? Do you think the picture is of an Unidentified Flying Object? Let us know.


Your name:                                 Your comment:                                     Send

The BBC reserves the right to edit comments submitted.
Gary Campbell
My wife and I saw the exact same orange glow in the sky last night - 12th Aug 2009 @2330hrs from our
house in the South Common area of Lincoln. The light was moving east, slowly, and looked to be in the sky
over Bracebridge / Waddington, then disappeared. I can discount civil / military aircraft as there was no
standard light configuration, (port/starboard or landing lights - if it was on approach to Waddington). It is a
glow, not a bright light and there was no noise to accompany it which on a clear windless night I would've
expected to hear. Very strange indeed. Did anyone else see this light at the same time? Oh, and before
anyone mentions it it was definately not a part of the meteor shower taking place at the same time as I was
outside watching the shower and they all were traveling in a westerly direction.
Mike Lettau from Toronto Canada
Could be one or a fake this picture Yet UFOs do exist and they are here now. Yet they see us as hostile
beings and do not want to get involed with us cheers to all Mike in toronto canada
NEWMAN
SATURDAY 1ST AUG 2009 1130 -1145PM OUTSIDE FOLKINGHAM TOWARDS SLEAFORD.IT
WAS BRIGHT ORANGE, MOVING OVER THE TOP OF OUR CAR.IT WAS A DARK NIGHT
AND IT WAS VERY ORANGE.IT WAS ABOUT 1000FT UP TRAVELING EASTWARDS
SLOWER THAN A PLANE, FASTER THAN A BALLOON BUT QUIET.
Maurice
Conspiracy! I can't see the download!
ANDREW BEVINS
I HAVE JUST SEEN THREE IDENTICAL OBJECTS FLYING SLOWLY IN AN EASTERLY
DIRECTION THE OBJECT IN THE REAR BLINKED/FIRED A ROCKET AT THE MIDDLE UFO
THIS TURNED INTO A FLOURESCENT BALL THEN BURST INTO FLAME AND FLOATED
DOWN TO EARTH SOME 5-10 MILES EAST OF LINCOLN,THE UFO IN FRONT CARRIED ON
EASTERLY INTO CLOUD, THE THIRD RER UFO TURNED AWAY AND HEADED NORTH
EAST TISING INTO THE CLOUDS . WAS THIS TARGET PRACTICE? UFO? DRONE? AS THE
OBJECT THAT CAME DOWN WAS QUITE LARGE AND NOT A BALLON ETC TIME 22.10
SAT JULY 25 -09
His Excellency, The Baron of Literature-in-Waiting
For pity's sake! If a member of some distant, or indeed proximate alien race took one look at the poor
language, grammar and punctuation within these 'reports' below, it would consider that our planet is not quite
as advanced as they he, she or it perhaps first thought and would simply dismiss the need for further visits
just like some here have clearly dismissed the chance of education in their time at school - perhaps preferring
to chew gum and lark about in the wrongly held belief that in doing so, they were/are of a superior nature...I
don't think so. Pass us by aliens...pass us by...
Burgess
I don't believe in UFO's to be fair, but tonight I looked out of my window and saw a strange object flying in
the sky towards the Dunswell area. I thought at frst a plane could've caught fire and be on it's way down, so
I thought I'd check the internet to see if anyone else had seen it. The picture of above is the exact same thing
sawtonight, it was really strange. 19 July 2009, 11:45pm approximately. If anyone else saw this let me know
please! :)
                                                File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                           URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
mike long
i think they are real but that 1 isnt.i just think that it was a weak wind terbine and the wind bloow it off
Katia & Ania
we think this is not really anliens!! thewre may be things in the sky, but not aliens!!!
smell
i think that ufos are real
victoria D'Albero
I have just seen some exactly the same from front room window in New Waltham, Lincolnshire. 23:25.there
was about 40 of them and they disappeared when they reached a certain height.
Blase
My wife and me have seen a thing that looked exactly like the above picture on the 19th of June around
22.40. It was flying vertically and we observed it for about 30 seconds, then it dissapeared in clouds. It was
orange and quite bright, almost fiery. Amazing. I have no idea at all what that thing could have been.
dale
it can be true but can be false
adele
me and my brother have seen a ufo there were 3 of them
Stephen Prestidge
Yes i do believe in ufos. I have seen them and i believe in them very strongly
Wallace Pirates
We saw about 10 of these flying in an easterly direction over Old Leake(east coast Lincs) on Sat 25th April.
Did anyone else see them??????
jason hough
yes i do believe in UFO's saw the same thing , not just 1 round about 19 coming over manchester ,
raddcliffe round about 12.30pm on the 30th of May .
Mel Langton
My entire street witnessed dozens of bright orange lights moving through the sky last night in Lincoln.
nobody knows what they are but I have managed to take a very short film on my phone camera.ThanksMel
Amy Rose
My partner and I were driving through the center of Lincoln 10.30pm 30/05/09, near West parade, when
about three dozen globs of light floated across the sky. They - the spheres of light, had come from the north
were flying south then turned to the west. They were not directly overhead but were maybe 400 - 800
metres away, it was difficult to judge, however, they were noiseless. We parked up and watched and
listened for 30 seconds or so, as had a couple of other cars. After driving on with the UFOs still in sight we
stopped and spoke to a couple of guys who were looking as astonished as we felt. They didn't know what
to make of it and neither did the person who we were driving to collect from a BBQ. The party of 20 or so
had decided they looked like 'lanterns'. Indeed, in a way they did but they were a few hundred feet above us
and were definitely not floating aimlessly.Initially, when we first spotted them, there were a group of 20 or
more glowing lights. Although it was impossible to make out any shape the large glowing, ever so slightly
pulsing lights were obviously part of something solid. This main group of 20 or so were in a loose formation
but were moving collectively although individually and as these moved off to the west a few other 'lanterns'
the stragglers, came into view, they had previously been obscured by roofs. A few were in a line, some in a
group and some were flying individually but all were heading in the same direction. all in all there were at
least three dozen possibly more of these completely non human made objects. I don't make the last
statement lightly it is just that nothing I've ever seen before moves like this through the skies - floating
smoothly and with incredible ease, sort of like a jet ski boat on a very calm sea. No, they had far greater
range of movemen, up down, left right, any vertical or horizontal degree, more like a shoal of fish swimming
but in the air. Most peculiar.
jim hathaway
i was walking across pellam bridge this evning about 10 pm with my friend and i looked to the north west-
ish direction and there was about 17/25 of these orange lights just sat ina big clump with 2 pairs and a line of
                                                  File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                             URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
three moving towards the larger clump, by the time i got to the west common there was only one left and
then it just..."went out"WEIRDthis was about 10pm 30th/may/09
John Smith
I saw several red/orange lights hovering over student accomadation in Lincoln , they were kind of following
each other , which i dont know whether aircraft would do this at 11 in the evening?
Tom Wade
ive just seen ten of the same lights in the sky 30 may 22.45pm
chloe broughton
i saw the same thing at 9.30pm on the 2 may 2009 out side my house.
terry
i saw a small orange glowing dot in the sky abouve the harbourgh there was about 15 of them i saw them on
saturday 1st of may at 9.15pm 2009
Damo
i saw thies last night there was about 10 of them then they all went out
julie
a group of us sat in the garden at birchwood lincs thought it was a plane on fire it stopped then looked like a
shooting star going up towards it approx 10ish
dani payne
pauline i saw exactly what you sed last nite at about 9.00pm i was at my mums m8s house and this ball of
fire came over we thought it was a plane on fire it looked like it but it was moving quite slowly, then it
stopped and almost like a shooting star someting went up to the object we were soo freaked out.... then
after a few seconds it dissapeared and we never saw it again tht nite the date was (2nd may 2009)
emma
i saw this on may 1st 2009
ADZ N ALLY
I THINK THE PIKS R REAL BUT LIKE THE WHOLE ALIEN THING MAYBE NOT BUT I DO
THINK OUT THERE SOMEWHERE THERE MAY BE ALIENS
chritopher hewitt
I saw a ufo last thursday night 23rd april 2009, I got two witnesses Steph my partner and Melissa my 8 year
old daughter, I was in the back kitchen and I spotted the light moving in the sky through the patio doors it
was a bright orange sphere, I opened the doors to see it better, I could tell it wasen't a plane because it was
a single light, I had thought it to be the police helicopter at first but had seen it was orange where the
helicopter is a creamy light, It started to turnleft it looked like a bit bigger than the normal stars and no noise
ofengines, I shouted Steph, she came out looked at it and said what! shewasent impressed and went indoors
me and Melissa watched it flythrough a cloud and light it up as it went through it was like close encounters.
LukeNZ
It was on the 28th of March 2009 I think that I saw 7 of those glowing orange balls in Christchurch New
Zealand, all moving from NE to SE. I have no idea what it might have been. Was sceptical at first but when
the 3rd came I started to wonder and then two came together at the same time and I knew that two planes
that big wouldnt dare fly so close to one another. So I can't explain what it was, therefore it is classified as
Unidentifiable Flying Objects. Would really like to know though...
Christine Raine
Late last night (20/04/09)I saw a very bright, very close shot of light. It was like a comet but very close up.
This was over the Glebe Park area of uphill Lincoln.Did anyone else see it?
Peter White
On Saturday evening at 9.21 we were approaching Louth and we saw in excess of 15 of these lights (there
were 4 of us). We stopped the car and gotout, there was no noise, they were travelling at a uniforme speed
and were just appearing and going out of sight behind us. We saw x3 similar lights at 2a.m. on new years
day over Louth.
pauline
                                                File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                           URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
Last night at about 9:05pm (the date was 12.03.09) i was leaving my friends house when i noticed how large
the moon looked. as i was looking i noticed something moving towards me. It had bright white lights which
were creating streams of light across the sky. It was moving quick. It suddenly stopped and started to turn
towards the River Humber. It tuned slowly without moving from the spot it had stopped. it then seemed to
just disappear. It was deadly silent no noise DID ANYONE ELSE SEE THIS?
Colin Evans
Saw an orange glowing ball in the skies over the south side of Lincoln last night at approx 22:55. I have
previously seen an identical object on new years eve. I am not a believer in little green men, but as I have no
explanation for what it might be, by default it becomes a UFO
shaban pelinku
yes ufos are real it is too ignorant and naive to think that there is no life in the universe there are too many
stars and galaxies to say no life
Andrew
Hello all. I live in Sydney Australia. Last night i was outside having my final smoke for the night at 8pm Syd
time & as i have done for years, i looked up to the sky wondering if i would ever see anything. Sure enough
the stars were out, Two large very bright ones in particular. Then to my absolute amazement, one of the
stars started moving slowy then quickly side wards to what seemed to me about 10 metres, but i am sure in
the sky a lot further, until all of a sudden, it accelarated staight up away from the Earth until it disappeared
after approx 5 to 7 seconds. I was completely stunned & almost had to pinch myself. Stars do not move like
this, nor do planes, Simply no explanation for it. To my amazment, now wide awake. i then sat back down
& had a another smoke & watch with eye's wide open, another object appeared, but this one darted around
in 3 different directions, then slightly circular & then also took off away from the Earth. TRUST ME I
NEVER THOUGHT I WOULD BE WRITING ON A CHAT LINE LIKE THIS BUT WHAT I SAW,
KEPT ME AWAKE FOR HOURS *&* I NO WHAT I SAW
shannon
yeah i beleive it i was on my backgarden the other day and i saw somthing far in the sky flashing and moving
fast.
Big Al
Of course I beleive in ufo's, but I don't beleive in Alien ships. a ufo is what it says UNIDENTIFIED. It might
be satalite, meteor, plane or a bird. until we know it a UFO.
Chez
this is mad, i do believe in other things living in different place, but everyone seems to be quite calm about
this but if it is true(which i dont believe into i see real pictures) shouldn't we be trying to find out what it
actually is?? i would like to think there is someone living out there, really fasinating.
Mary
It is very interesting to find this website and image of the bright round orange light! We saw the very same
thing last night 6/3/09 at 2130. The light appeared from the west just above tree level, at was round in
shape, very bright orange with what appeared to be an outer ring of red. (It could be described as a large
glowing pumpkin) There was no sound and it was moving quite fast in an easterly direction. The light
gradually rose higher in the sky in a very straight line. We watched this object until it was completely out of
sight and at a very high level of altitude. We had sufficient time to call our neighbours who also saw this
object. We are curtrently at a loss to identify this object as there was no sound or wind which would have
aided its travel. Did anyone else see this object in the Nocton area of Lincolnshire?
Ben Goodhew
Hi at 10.00pm tonight 6/03/09 in Lincoln saw something very strange. A very bright light in the distance at
first appeared to release some sort of vapour trail but infront of it. Then moved very quickly to the end of the
trail then went out of sight. I am not a ufo nut and am very level headed but I definately saw what I saw.
Forget little green men what is big brother upto
abi and holly
we both saw it yeterday (25th Feb)and we was in blackpool at the time but we couldnt say where it was!
Ana marcela
mmm its verry interesting

                                                 File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                            URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
jaime
yes i do believe that there may be, but i am slightly pesimistic as there has not been any proof. if we are
clever enough to get to mars and explore it then i am sure that other life forms from other planets are able to
do so as well.
Ellie Gillan
i think that there are other Earths out there that can sustain life, but there needs to be more scientific
evidence for this to be a ufo!
aron
just want to find out if any body a UFO this morin because havnt heard anyfing on radio all day,was about
8:30, 16/02/2009 was jst getting light out,on our way to work in lincolnshire headin to spalding we both saw
a bright white light not orange,the light was comin from an oject quite far away but we could see that the
object was a round oval shape,the light was a big flash for a few seconds but the object stayed for a few
minutes well we had chance to stop the van and look at it untill it faided, didnt faid asin movin away it was
like it jst vanished slowly,could tell it was oval shaped because whilst it was hovering it was swaying,we cant
stop talkin about it was, did any body else see it???
Stephen Smith
I saw the exact same thing last night 14/2/09 6.30 - 7.00 in the sky I was travelling between marton and
gainsborough in the car as a passenger.
thompson TR
I have, as previously stated encountered three seperate craft at very close quarters (third-kind) I will say no
more
Jimbob
there is no such thing as UFO's flyng in the sky, its all a load of rubish, cmon who belives this stuff, i mean, it
may just be a helium baloon flying in the sky with lights on it...
Mike McFarland
The picture added by Jason Kay. I saw an identicle 'orb' hovering over Gloucester at 20:55 7/2/09. The
object moved in roughly a Westerly direction, stopped and then just shot off in an upwards south west
direction.Some one in the street who also saw this tryed to tell me it was an air balloon. I have never seen an
air balloon do that before.
Gok Wan Kenobi
it looks and sounds to me like someone was using the force in conjunction with 'blade running'. Either that,
or it was one of those little face sucker guys from the Alien movie getting carried away
James Lawson
Me & my girlfriend saw the exact same Light over Beverley Minster Date 08/02/09. We where on our way
out at 18:10pm. We both noticed a red/orange ball of light above the minster which proceeded to manover
in a way I can imagine no aircraft to do so. The object continued to do this for A good 30-40 seconds
before disappearing behind a cloud. This put into perspection how high it was! unlike recent reports of this,
the object we saw has a faint Halo around it but this could of been caused by the very cold weather. Did
anyone else see this. Would be very interesting if so?
anon
5/2/2009 9.00 pm saw strange orange light over wind turbines at mablethorpe. Did anyone else seee it?
thought it might have been a beakon at first put up for low flying aircraft but it flashed from white to red then
orange, but was completely still then later disapeared??? to bright and low for a normal aircraft and stayed
still for far too long.
anthony.perrott@yahoo.co.uk
i do beleive in advanced civilisations on other planets. like on mars there used to be running water and fossils
were found so they could be looking for food and water for there young.
Billy
Today at 21h18 pm mauritian time - Hi ive just seen this strange orange light in the sky 5 minutes ago, i live
in mauritius and the light was bright orange and yellow, it stood still for 1 minute,and flew away till it
disapears,i saw it yesterday too,ill try to film it,anyone have a clue? On 31 december it was in mauritius in
the north and in rodrigues island too, the same night someone saw it in england,the same strange light flying
                                                File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                           URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
with no sound, a guy in mauritius filmed it.
Daniel
Ich komme aus Deutschland.Dieses objeckt (UFO) habe ich ein paar Tage vor Silvester am nachthimmel
gesehen, so gegen 21 Uhr kann auch früher gewesen sein, so sicher bin ich nicht mehr. Ich befand mich auf
dem Balkon und machte mir eine Zigarette an, da bemerkte ich von rechts dieses orangene Licht. Es sah wie
etwas rundes aus, genau wie auf diesem Bild.Ich beobachtete es und bemerkte das es sehr langsam nach
links flog. Danach sah es so aus ob es stehen blieb. Ich guckte mir das (UFO) weiter an und ich bemerkte
das es nicht stehen blieb, sondern ganz langsam in der Ferne verschwand. So etwas hatte ich bislang noch
nicht gesehen. Es blinkte auch nicht wie ein Flugzeug.mfg Daniel
Jo
I saw the same orange light flying over Hessle at around 11pm last night. There were around 8/10 of them. I
am trying to upload my cam pics
Aaron Marsh
On 30th Dec 2008, my sister and niece had been grocery shopping and had been following what they
thought was a hot air balloon in the sky. She called in on us (me, my husband, daughter and son) and
showed us it. It did resemble the basket of a hot air balloon with flames out the top and it was moving really
slowly (like a hot air balloon does) in a Northerly direction (we're in Heckington, near Sleaford.) At the time
I was more concerned about my son being outside in his pyjama's and also the fact that my daughter had left
the front door open and all my heat was disappearing out into the street so I didn't pay too much attention to
it. Afterwards I looked on the Net to see if people did actually go ballooning at night and on Yahoo
Answers someone else had also seen it. A reply said that if it had been a hot air balloon than it would have
been lit up like a light bulb - which this wasn't. I still believe in the hot air balloon theory but thought I'd let
you know that the "UFO" has been sighted over here.This is really strange but having had a few beverages
on New Years Eve, me and a number of friends and family were in my mums garden watching the fireworks
just after midnight. We spotted a strange orange light in the sky which seemed to stay in one position for a
long time, which is why it catched our eyes. A few people thought it was a firework at first but when we
realised it hadn't moved for ages we all started saying 'Its a UFO'. Of course the next day we laughed about
it and never thought anything of it, until I saw all of the news reports on the BBC and having read these
comments I think what we saw was the same thing in the picture. We live in Hull and the sighting was from
the south. How very strange!
Alan steadman
I have been watching lights over Lincolnshire for years , It is Sunday the 18 jan 09, there is one now
positioned over the wolds, My friend has seen it through a telescope and confired it is not a star or a plane
,Ps my friend is Thai and does not know about ufos or planes.
Isa de Luca
I believe in UFO, but we need real proofs.
terry.maru@virgin.net
I have seen a UFO and no one will convince me that it was anythink but a UFO. dont be so eager to mock
people that say they have ,surly no one think's we are the only life in this vast Galaxey, think about it since
1947 there as been over 2 million reported sighting's surly one must be right which would prove the
point,THERE IS LIFE OUT THERE
eduard
we have seen this before christmas above our city Heelsum near arnhem we don`t have pictures off this
object
lisa
theyre just aeroplanes or birds on lamposts or flying lips.
Liam
i seen the same objects over head in dunfermline,fife, scotland and i counted 17 of them within one hour
Dawn O'Donoghue
I didn't see that particular light but, whilst travelling home from work at approx. 9.30 pm Wednesday
evening (January 14th 2009) I was surprised to see what I thought was an extraordinarily large WWII
barrage balloon shining luminously over the buildings in central Hull. After two or three minutes (I was
stopped at the traffic lights) it disappeared. Several other people saw it too but no one has an
                                                 File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                            URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
explanation.Anyone know what it was?
jane
we c this on 1 1 09 at 1215 no we was not drunk it was qwiet and i thought it was a hot air baloon but it
soon disapeard
George Greenwood
Very poor navigation and collision avoidance equipment on the UFO. So much for advanced civilsations.
Jack
People over new year releasing orange illuminated lanterns which drifted eerily through the sky. So I assume
this is one of them.
Shirin
This is really strange but having had a few beverages on New Years Eve, me and a number of friends and
family were in my mums garden watching the fireworks just after midnight. We spotted a strange orange light
in the sky which seemed to stay in one position for a long time, which is why it catched our eyes. A few
people thought it was a firework at first but when we realised it hadn't moved for ages we all started saying
'Its a UFO'. Of course the next day we laughed about it and never thought anything of it, until I saw all of the
news reports on the BBC and having read these comments I think what we saw was the same thing in the
picture. We live in Hull and the sighting was from the south. How very strange!
Laura
Hiiyah i dont really think that there is any ufos it could of been sumat been thrown in the wind and smashed
in to it and nocked the top of it off!
Marco
I live i Norwich and on new years eve to new years day i saw the same object flying over head, i have
researched it and many sightings off this have been seen all over the world...
Ashley Upton
Yeah because there is no proof of the light that was seen over linconshire.
Quoc
I do not think that is a UFO, im sorry that could be a firework or something
shyam
hi i live in mauritius. its true i too did observe thing as is in the photo above on the night of 31 december
2008. an orange strange light.
natalie tennant
Hi i live in lincoln,on sunday the 4th of janat about 10:30, i was stood at my front door having a cigaret talkin
to my partner when i looked up over the house in front of mine, i saw a red light coming at some speed and
stoppin just in veiw over the house, at first i thought it was a fire work but it didnt go off and it stoped and
and after a few seconds it started to dissaper just as it went a second light came over and just as befor it
came at speed stoped and went in the same direction as the first, i couldnt beleve it me and my partner was
so shocked over what had happend.
Charlotte Richomond
I SAW A UFO BUT NOBY BELEIVED MEEEE xxxxx thanks
Charlotte Richomond
i saw a UFO once on holiday in cyprus
Anand
why would they take a blade??? I mean how stupid are the people that fly the super spaceships??? mind
you star wars will cause a great deal of controversy#LOVE ANAND x
Dave
The damage was caused by the severe cold making the blade brittle and snape, it broke off and hit the
second blade and bent it. There were no aliens or swamp gas or weather balloons involved in this incident.
kerrie
I live in a quiet village in lincolnshire and saw an orange light travelling quickly across the sky at approx
                                                File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                           URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
8.40pm on 6th January, it was quite large and made no sound at all, my parents were visiting and saw it too,
I hadnt heard about the wind turbine at the time and we assumed it was a plane at first, until it stopped,
hovered for a few seconds and then vanished! It was enough to make us stop and watch it in -4
temperatures, and we are usually of sound mind!!
Kev
I also saw the lights on new years eve circling Louth, I couldnt understand them as they seemed to hover
well above the fireworks and i assumed they must have been from helicopters, but couldnt understand why
anyone would like to get a birds eye view of louth's fireworks as they aint that special. I also ruled out the
effects of whisky as my 7 year old son watched them with me.
connor
hey im 12 and i heard a lot of ufo stories this one blowen me away nothing could bring that down except
ufo's think about on each side positive and negitive ibelive in ufo's can't wait until the results come back from
exsaming the blade that came down
Nadia
hey! and i dont have a clue and cant think what would do such damage xx
Mauritian
Hi, i live in mauritius, and UFO with the same descriptions have been seen on 1st of january, and someone
even filmed it, there has been an article in the press on the 4th..in Week-End sunday edition.
sarah green
on boxing day my self and family saw 3 of these lights moving across the sky in lanceshire
Vas
If those aliens are so smart as to fly a spaceship, wouldn't it mean that they have the brains to come and
contact humans properly instead of bashing into wind turbines?
louise
did you know that , the wind turbine in the back ground has only got two sticky outy bits ? just stating the
obvious :D
Roy
Maybe Mr's Poppins forgot to remove the metal from her umbrella again & was stuck by lightning.
Alex Simper
We Saw 2 UFO'S Rise from the ground seperately in the space of 2 minutes. There were two orange lights
at about 10:30pm.
henry
i was looking at the damage to the twisted 'arm' and was thinking that the thing must have sharp edges look
at the shape but that depends on the strength of the metal and the speed at which it was turning. Also the
dent is perpendicular to the edge of the blade, using the common stereotype of a ufo ( shape) it could have
only hit the blade when the blade was at the top of its course.(the sides would have hit the bottom or top of
the ufo, below would meen that it would hit the stem so it could only be the top)thats my thoughts =)
douglas cody
i do have a open mind to ufos.there are to many strange things that happens in this world and universe that
occures and cannot be answer.
Mark Plunkett
Hello its only become apparent to us that this was or had been in the news.Myself and freinds family were in
Beverly for the new year we were walking back to one of the friends house when one of us spotted the
orange light floating and moving around in the sky.We watched stood and watched the object for a while
trying to decide what it could have been, it didn,t move like a plane and did not hover like a helicopter.I
stopped and lets the friends walk off so i could listen more clearly, its sounded like a microlight or some sort
of little single engined flying machine, but the strange thing was that it had a glow of a hot air balloon with it
igniting one of its burners, but there again didn,t move like a hot air balloon as the pilot dosn,t have much
control over its direction.then it disapeared and re- apeared in a dfferent spot in the sky not like a plane or
helicopter.So the sound of a microlite with a small engine and the colour of a hot air balloon don,t know
what it could have been, but we did see it ??Regards Mark
                                                File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                           URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
paula
with the movement of the turbine i dont think wen a blade flys off it would actually hit another wen u think
about gravity and movement, as for ufo`s we aint the only living species in the universe
Dave
Ive seen a round ball of light like that probably over 15years ago drunk in back of a taxi, the taxi driver saw
it also and we both could not believe what we saw, it looked like a helecopter hovering over a house in a
raral field nr cambridge, it then just expodentially took off straight up into the skys and then what seem even
faster dissapeared into the star untill we could not see it any longer, I have never seen or heard of anything
going that fast and Im sure if a human was in it they would be a splat of a body squashed by the insance
speed...
Dylan H. Joyce
I am an extra-terrestrial being, build me a spaceship. but on a serious note, i've seen glowing orange lights in
the sky at night and just assumed they're some planet or other. probably an ufo, but that's the universe we
live in i guess. when will they land...?!
Mal Pearson
There is too much mounting evidence that they do exsist. Why shouldn't they? We do.
Georgie
I saw one of these in harrogate on new years eve, I am almost certain!
jack
im 14 years old nd i was once sittin wid m8s on a hill nd we saw lights but no sound UFO's , tht pics reall
ken klakowich
If you don't know what it, then it is an Unidentified Flying Object. The question is, is it an Extraterrestial
Flying Object? There is not doubt in my mind that there is life on other planets some where, but a spot of
light is not very convincing.
Michael Birchall
The Picture of the UFO and It does not look like a Human object in the Sky it more UFO object and yeh i
think were not alone. Yeh i do beleve in UFO's and i do belive what all the county people in Lincolshire.
Noway Man
All rubbish
Dawn Greenwood
Perhaps everyone should take the time to google "Project Blue Beam" and have a very interesting read. All
these "sightings" will make some sense then! The more people who are made aware of what is going on,
then it's less likely the New World Order will happen...
Heidi Van de Kerkhove
We live in St Neots Cambs and we saw the same light in the sky on New Years Eve. My parents who were
at another location from us saw exactly the same light. It came towards us and stopped but there was no
noise so we ruled out it being a helicopter or aircraft. It then hovered and went backwards and went
upwards really quickly and disappeared. Some neighbours also saw it as we could hear them discussing it in
their garden. It was at about 10.45pm.
Lewis
There have been many claims over Ufo's people have differnt opinions, personally i beilieve if i see them but
there has been many false claims
Ruth Pike
I'm sorry, but i cannot bring myself to believe that this has anything to do with Extra Terrestrials or UFO's - i
dont doubt that there is something out there somewhere (there must be, the universe is so vast) but i think
this has been completely hyped up - there is obviously a simple explanation for it all. i think it is a case of
peoples imaginations running away with them, people see what they want to see. i would hope that if there
were any sort of un-identified flying objects behaving strangely in our skies then the MOD would be
investigating immediately - surely they monitor our skies for more sinister things anyway.....???until i see such
a thing with my own two eyes i'll never believe it.

                                                File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                           URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
Ben jessop,stacy beadle and thomas godfrey
Yes becouse what else would do such damage?
Stella
I must admit i was baffled at the outstanding display of two red orbs that i spotted on new years day 09 and
thought they were ufo but was not sure i live in northampton and i also have taken photos but have not put
them to any artile i will endevour to contact our local paper and get them to take a look
Tom Kansas
As the manufacturers of the turbine now state that the damage found on the lincolnshire turbine is ''not
unusual''is there any possibility that the council tax funded council leader who appeared last night will either.1
resign his position as a public paid person ( as a taxpayer in east lindsey it beggars belief that we allow senile
old men to lead our councils) 2 or emigrate to the alien planet from which he thinks the visitors came yours
not jokingly tom kansas
Matthew
The damaged turbine should be left as it is, it may become a major tourist attraction for UFO hunters from
all over.
shermille & naomey
if we see it then we will believe it. if we dont then we wont !
Ian Petrie
We live in South Weat Scotland, and saw a similar light /fire ball at around 5.00pm in evening of New Years
Day, travelling west, it was visible for at least five minutes,and on a level flight line,I even had time to get
binoculars out to track it, it had no visible distinguishing features, but seemed to sit low in the sky, it was
below the hill top line, it did however disintegrate and looked to fall to ground in fragments of flame, one
section did travel on but was falling. We assumed it part of Metorite storm that had been reported to happen
over skies in our area, but maybe this is something different.
Dave
Yes i saw three ufos of the same tipe as the one on last night news on new years day morning. Over hull
royel hospital at about 12.15 am. And no i didnt have a drink. Haha dave from hull.
Lauren, mablethorpe
The suggestion that those orange lights in the sky were lanterns for new year can t be right! I saw one
moving slowly over alford on new year but thensaw one near louth two nights later. They lasted for a few
minutes before getting smaller and vanishing. High up and smooth moving. Lauren, mablethorpe
Mrs Aye
I saw a hot air balloon on dark on Sunday night and it looked like a lit up light bulb. The flames were
perfectly visible. I was just hoping it came a bit clearer so I could see the basket underneath but it was too
dark. It turned and went into the flight path of Humberside Airport and disappeared.
Philip
While I was watching the fireworks on the night of New Year’s Eve I saw a small UFO which moved from
north to south over Hull. It looked similar to the one on the photo
Tony Wiseman
I believe that the failure is simple to explain. Prior to the failure the generater the windmill was statioary due
to non or low wind with the failed blade pointing downward (ie 6 0,clock) with the low temperatures and the
high humidity the blade was covered with ice. This blade would suffer more than the other blades because
the water would drain down the blade to its lowest extremity before freezing. Thus when the wind
strengthened and the wind mill started to rotate it would be very out of balance and as the speed built up fail.
The failed piece then hit the second blade causing its damage. It is probable that the ice melted the next day
and thus no evidence of the cause of failure would be left on the blade.Items from outer space, rubbish, but I
suppose it makes news.Tony Wiseman
jarislav
got the answer to damaged wind turbineit was REALLY DAMAGED by lowflying members of the
MASON'S WHO WERE TRYING TO AVOID TE levy (or levy) on the humber bridge2morrows
forecast cold with little interuptions be luckyjarislav

                                                File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                           URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
Chris
Could we please put an end to all these ridiculous conspiracy theories?! I heard on the national news this
morning, a spokesperson who works for the energy company that owns the windfarm said that the "so-
called" missing blade is on the ground nearby. It's quite obvious to anyone with any intelligence at all that that
blade snapped off, probably with metal fatigue, hit the blade that is now bent, and fell to the ground, so for
all these UFO nutters : Stop looking for things that aren't there! To put their minds at rest about the lights in
the sky, we personally let three of those lanterns off on New Years eve. They looked very good, and we
actually even joked that people would report sightings of UFOs! Also, the energy company would not want
to admit to metal fatigue, because of future planned windfarms, and protesters would be able to refer back
to this incident and say that they are dangerous!
Peter Jones
An eye witness said the wind turbine was struck by something with “tentacles” dangling down (reported on
BBC Radio 4 Today programme this morning).I suspect a clandestine night-time hot air balloon flight. A
fully loaded basket would easily weigh enough to do the damage. If it had ropes dangling down they would
look like tentacles. The burner would give the UFO-like orange glow in the sky. The authorities should look
for balloonists going to A&E with bad bruising and whiplash. Either that, or it was Keanu Reeves and Gort
the robot having a night on the tiles!
Paddy Ryan
Almost certainly the "hovering bright light" is Venus (the eveningstar) which is just about at maximum
elongation at the moment.
Michael Chapman
My wife and I saw the flying objects on New years day at 0.15am they flew towards where we live from the
north on the east coast sutton on sea and then turned towards the west.There were at least 6 objects
Tony Green
we live at immingham,my fiancee and i also saw 2 orange lights in the sky on new years eve around
midnight,they were close to each other and seemed to be over killingholme oil refinery at a guess,and no we
weren't drunk!
Zelda5
My Sister (Stella Harvey) who's over from Oz saw the UFO on New years eve over Louth, it travelled left
and right at speed then shot straight up until out of sight.! Rob, Mablethorpe.
Ron Fletcher
I have been listening to all the suggestions read out on your program, about the damage to one of the twenty
wind turbines on the wind-farm in Lincolnshire. They are designed to withstand impact by large birds and
hurricane-force storms. So, if it wasn’t hit by a low-flying aircraft (or other UFO), it must have just
happened to itself! Why has no-one thought of metal-fatigue? One of the rotor-blades must have developed
a crack at its root and snapped off, damaging the other rotor-blade as it fell to the ground. It may have been
a pre-existing crack which had not been spotted in manufacture. A forensic examination needs to be carried
out… (a) To determine if there is debris present from a foreign object (aircraft-paint etc.), which could
prove a heavy impact. (b) To determine if metal-fatigue was present in the detached rotor blade and where
it joins the hub.(c) No doubt it was exacerbated by the ‘brass-monkey’ syndrome of this week’s sub-zero
temperatures. There must be a tremendous strain on the root of every rotor-blade twice during each
rotation. Work a piece of copper-wire left and right with your fingers and the same thing will happen. The
question now is, how many more will fall down?
Flt. Lt Jones
I'm a RAF pilot and the 'UFO' is either a Afterburner from a United States Air Force F-16 Falcon or more
likely a Helicopter flying from EGNJ (Humberside Airport).
Keith and Syvia Sugden
We too saw the bright orange light.It was travelling from the village of Paull towards Keyingham where we
live. Once over Keyingham it veared South towards the Humber. (wish we had it on camera).
Terry and Christine Cox
With reference to your programme tonight in which a gentleman from Louth photographed an object in the
sky, we would just like to say that at approx 8.45 p.m 4 people in our house in Hull saw it too. We had
been playing games on the Wii, not drinking, so we were not looking through beer goggles. We saw an
orange/yellow object which moved downwards and then hovered a few moments and then moved to the
                                                File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                           URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
west and then rose rapidly upwards. We did not hear any noise from the object. We saw it for approx 5
mins. We hope you have further reports as we would like to know more about what we saw.
Michael Gaunt
I watched looknorth last night and was pleased that i was not the only one that witnessed a orange light
moving in the sky at about 1.00pm on New Years eve. It came from the east towards me, it veered to the
south and then went upwards gradually, there was no sound. I live in a top floor flat at Applegarth Court in
Bridlington and was looking out the window at the time, i ran to the bedroom to get my camera opened the
window and tried to take a photo but my camera is not good enough.
Matthew Blurton
I saw the clip about the damaged wind turbine and the photo of the UFO on the news, I was recording the
Beverley Minster bells at midnight on New Years Eve/Day and spotted an object that looks similar to the
one shown on your programme. I have a look on the internet and found that the same object has been
spotted and filmed in various locations around the UK and over Germany at around the same time. I caught
the object on my mobile phone and have uploaded it to my facebook account. The recording, not brilliant,
shows a red ball in the sky that does not have any sound, nor flashing lishts which rules it out as a place.
David Stead
We were very interested in your story on Tuesday 6th January about the damaged wind turbine and how the
strange light in the sky was dismissed as a flair. However, a few weeks ago all my family saw the same light
in the sky. This was no flair. It was on a Sunday 16th November evening at approx 10.15pm. As we live in
a very quiet village it was dead silent by that time. It came in from the North Sea and slowly floated inland.
We watched it for a few minutes then it seemed to suddenly stop which seemed to be just above our village.
We watched for a few minutes more and I managed to get a photo on my phone. Still in total silence it just
hung in the sky. Then suddenly It just shot upwards and dissapeared outof sight at a vast speed. We were all
gobsmacked at what we had seen. How can something travel so slow, then so fast in opposite directions
without a sound?
Martyn
I can't remember when you said the damage happened to the turbines but could it be ice layering up on the
blades and putting pressure on them and buckling them.
Lewis
I can't believe how gullible viewers are to your suggestions to ufo's.The orange light are lantern which put are
put in the air for celebration new years eve. And the turbine failed either as a result of the cold weather or a
safety fault where the propeller was spinning too fast.
Michelle Arthurton
On last nights show you reported on the damage to the wind turbine in Louth and that they were not sure
how the damage was done to the turbine. well I have the answer for you- it was Father Christmas's sleigh
that must have been flying too low to avoid the bad weather that Paul had not told him about!!!!
mADMATMANIAC from Zorch
I do believe in ufo's & advanced extraterrestrial civilisations due to the vast size of the universe, the simple
laws of averages & the amount of ufo sightings reported by people from all walks of life! I also believe it
suits the world governments to keep the lid on ufos because of the impact such public knowledge would
have on economics & the social unrest it would cause worldwide! I also believe that the American military
are experimenting with advanced electro-magnetic propulsion engines & this could also explain some of the
ufo sightings
Greg
Is it possible that blade broke off due to fatigue or some other mechanical failure and clashed with other
blade as it fell?
ROBERT ANDERSON
IF THERE IS NO LIFE ELSEWHERE IN THE UNIVERSE THEN THE COSMOS IS A TOTAL
WASTE OF SPACE.
Rufia
At first I thought it was a star but then I realised it was moving quite fast. I knew it couldn't have been a
plane it was quite low, there were no airports near by and the light looked too big to be on a plane. I was on
the M6 near junction 5. I couldn't think why a UFO would want to visit Birmingham. My husband wouldn't
                                                File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                           URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
stop on the hard shoulder for me so I could take a picture. But heres what was even stranger.... I followed
the light for quite a distance, then suddenly in front of the yellow light was another object but with 3 red
lights. Again it was quite low so I could sort of make out the shape and it was not a plane nor anything
described in everyones comments. When the yellow light got closer to this object, it swiftly did a u turn and
carried on in the opposite direction. Again, the speed in which it did this turn - it could not have been
anything man made. The yellow light continued in the same direction. I got off at Junction 7. I do believe we
are not alone in the universe but I never thought I’d see anything like what I saw that day. I kept it to myself
until my work mate found this article on the website and the photograph is showing exactly what I saw that
day. The truth is out there...
Chavez
I have 2 photo's of virtually the same thing ...only difference is these photo's were taken in Australia!These
guys get around!!!
dian
its just a canonball
Chas.
the picture means nothingmaybe its the red planet Mars.I am lucky and have better than 6/6 vision in each
eye,most people have focus defect of some sort,and so any distant light may very easily be miss interpreted
by them.
CallumCole
wow thats pretty cool... imagine if it was a flying cow.. umm wise words to "elisav" wow your really bad at
spelling...:O hiumens?? Crikey... I beleve in ufos anyway :] good luck to them i say !!
Noro
I have seen similar strange light over Copenhagen in September 2008, which was staying for a couple of
minutes at the same position, and then moved to north.
LINDA HADDOCK
I BELIEVE BECAUSE I SAW SOMETHING IDENTICAL ABOUT 5 WKS AGO, IN HINDLEY
WIGAN IT HOVERED IN THE AIR FOR A FEW MINUTES THEN QUICKLY DISAPPEARED IN
A SIDEWAYS DIRECTION.IT HAPPENED AT ABOUT 7.10PM, I WAS WALKING MY DOG
AND THERE WAS NOBODY ELSE AROUND. THERE WAS A SIMILAR SIGHTING FROM A
FRIEND OF MINE ABOUT A WEEK AND HALF AFTER LATER, IN THE SAME AREA AND
THERE WAS A POWER CUT TO THE ELECTRIC IN THE SURROUNDING HOUSES.
andy stewart
hi the bright light in linconshire is the same light me and my wife saw from our back garden so i got my
camera and took two photos we live in norden rochdale and only live 1 mile from wind turbines this was on
the 2 jan 09 17.00hrs andy stewart
Andy Rosser
Around 20.45 last night I was in my back garden I live on the south edge of Luton in Beds. For around 5
mins there were rubbles of what sounded like thunder in a in the sky in a South Easterly direction. It defiantly
wasn't an aircraft. What ever it was seemed to disturb the local wildlife as I also witnessed two foxes
sprinting across a car park at the rear of my property at the same time?? (strange).
Austin
Have you been watching Monty Python again!
alex
no,its probely ice fallen of a plain,it does happen.
john Harris
something crashed into the turbine, which was in the air - its 40 feet high- its an unidentified flying object.
End of story
Mickey
Me n My Girlfriend were sat watching a dvd and all of a sudden them lights were flying above my house it
was very scary. and my gf is scared of aliens so she is very scared right now

                                                File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                           URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
Nick Browne
Hi, I live opposite the mod in Bristol. Last night me. And my girlfriend heard a very loud sound which we
thought was a plane above us. This lasted for ten minutes as if it was hovering over us. I went out side to
investigate and the noise seemed to be coming from beyond the mod. It sounded like a huge generator being
turned off and on again. It was so powerfull that all the surrounding garages were shaking. This continued for
another ten minutes and then stopped all of a sudden, but there were no lights in the sky. Did anybody else
experience this?.
Adam Hill
Probably caused by some enery or ball lightning if it was caused by an energy that has desended from space
which may have caused thermal damage to the wind turbine which may be a reason why 1 is missing. If it
was a flying saucer why didn't it stop and exchanged insurance details with the windfarm owners or at least
had a cup of tea with them to oppologise lol.
Benjamin Nevis
If you were an alien and had a technology for interstellar travel, would you want to visit Lincolnshire? I rest
my case!
R.T.Fishall
Lights in the sky over Lincolnshire? Lots of RAF stations, now that's a first! And, the blades falling off?
Metal fatigue.
steven lawson
I have seen 5 of these strange objects over ipswich in the last year, so have a few of my friends
jane
I saw the very same object in Basildon Essex at around 7pm on Saturday evening.When i read the article
about the wind turbine and watched the video i was amazed.My daughter got video of it on her mobile.If it
was the same object as the one seen in lincolnshire it travelled some distance through the night, i'd like to
know whether anyone else between basildon and lincolnshire saw it aswell.
Terry
The blade fell off because of metal fatigue during the coldest night for years in Lincolnshire and the bright
light in the western sky was the planet Venus. Mystery solved, sorry!
anju zafar
IT MIGHT BE TRUE NO ONE CAN SAY
MatthewJ
On New years Eve 2007 I saw 3 very similar lights moving silently an equal distance apart over my house in
South Lincs. My view? A piece of military technology that dosn't officially exist yet like the stealth bomber
or the blackbird before it.I don't think an Alien race would be likely to bump into a wind turbine. It's the first
piece of positive PR about the wind farm industry I've seen for a while and a great awareness story for
something we are all being encouraged to embrace into our landscapes. The last thing the wind farm industry
would want is us to think that their turbines could fail in a spectacular fashion due to good old fashioned
manufacturing flaws or breakdown.........
Stephen
I imagine that the uppermost blade snapped off due to some kind of metal fatigue perhaps worsened by the
recent cold weather. This blade then struck the one which is still attached as it fell. If the impact occurred
during the spinning motion, it would account for the severe damage.
Bob
I returned home shortly before Christmas, only to find a large number of bright lights had taken up residence
in my Chrstmas tree. Thankfully, they are now gone & I am certain that there was no probing.
Saidass
It is nothing but Air Ballon.1) Wind tribune wings are only broken. not any damage to the Poles. How that
happens when a huge object hits it will cause some damage to pole. no scratches are seen in the picutre.
Carlin Gerbich
Mike: It's possible. The Brits managed to get a remote control car on Mars (Beagle) – only to screw up the
landing.
                                                File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                           URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
elisav
If I see a UFO what we ken do-abaut...nathing let them be, they dont do no arm to as hiumens and dont
create no panic,thenk-you.
gary hall
the rubbish about the wind farm and UFOask the MOD if any heavy helicopters (chinnok/merlin or seakings
were in the area carrying underslung loads that probably impacted a new wind farm that would not be
marked on any low level aviation mapsthis explains damage the fact there is no wreckage and the white light
hovering
ANNIE ROWLANDS
ITS TRUE THERE GONNA GET US
Leigh Reeve
I studied reports of UFO's for a year, following the study of all the info available, I came to the conclusion
that there was not concrete evidence to make me believe in Alien space craft. There is for sure something
going on and these are known as UFO's, but whether they are of alien origin remains to be proven. Do I
believe earth has been visited by the Grey's; no not at all. I believe the objects seen are more than likely
unmanned probes of great sophistication. The picture shown in relation to this article, is a bit strange - I took
the picture and enhanced it, I then started doing all sorts of mixing and playing with the colours and one thing
I noticed is that in certain lights, the actual object is not pixelated although the rest of the picture is pixelated
- that makes me think it is a digital image transposed onto another picture. There are tool available that can
enhance the light in the back ground and thus reveal the object as if it was day-light. Someone needs to do
this. I love the idea of aliens and UFOs but like a scientist I don't believe without evidence.One thing I do
believe in because of the hard evidence, and that is life else were in space, perhaps in our own universe but
certainly in our Milky way.
Dave Manifold
We were letting chinese lanterns off from Goxhill on New Years Eve and we thought at the time we may
generate a few UFO sightings, we last saw them heading south east towards Grimsby.
Peter Bristow
We saw same sightings but 2 objects at 1.20am on New Years Day over Billingborough. Have a video clip
on my camera.No sound travelled SE and then veered westerly.
Mike Williamson
An alien species develops a craft capable of traveling between the stars...and bumps into a wind turbine in
Lincolnshire?
Catherine Raisen
My family and I saw this briefly on New Year's day in Louth about 8pm travelling slowly from South to
East. Is it an unidentified flying object? Of course it is. I couldn't identify it. Were creatures from another
galaxy flying it? Sadly my eyes are not that good but somehow I doubt it.
Kirsten
On New Years Day I took a photo from my phone of an object identical to this one, I saw one large one
with a small one slightly above it, this was over the River Humber. If there is a text number to send it I'd be
happy to send mine in even though it is quite poor quality
Colin Evans
Myself and several others saw this object flying over Lincoln at approx 12:05 on New Years morning.
Could not identify what it was, therefore until someone can state exactly what it is, it is an unidentified flying
object ( UFO )
Paul Sands
Myself, wife and daughter plus another couple saw a very similar object to this picture in the sky over
Grantham on the evening of Christmas Day. It was an orange glowing ball that moved in a straight line for
about a minute before turning at a right angle and heading into the distance towards the direction of
Nottingham. It made no sound at all but seemed to be travelling slightly slower than a light aircraft might.
There was no wind so I don't believe it was a Chinese Lantern plus there was no upward movement just
lateral
andrew hicken
                                                 File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                            URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
I would say that the object in the picture is the planet mars. The colour is the giveaway
kevin riley
hi i saw the same light heading east it was a steady glow and i knew it wasn't a plane because the light was
not flashing.But when i saw this i had no camera on me nor witnesses unfortunatly.i saw this light at 20:19
Jason Kay
When enlarged, a round orange light with several small lighter coloured lights inside can be seen.I hadn't had
a drink either !It came towards the house, then changed direction. It stayed still for a couple of minutes, then
moved off in another direction towards Grimsby.
Josie
On 30th Dec 2008, my sister and niece had been grocery shopping and had been following what they
thought was a hot air balloon in the sky. She called in on us (me, my husband, daughter and son) and
showed us it. It did resemble the basket of a hot air balloon with flames out the top and it was moving really
slowly (like a hot air balloon does) in a Northerly direction (we're in Heckington, near Sleaford.) At the time
I was more concerned about my son being outside in his pyjama's and also the fact that my daughter had left
the front door open and all my heat was disappearing out into the street so I didn't pay too much attention to
it. Afterwards I looked on the Net to see if people did actually go ballooning at night and on Yahoo
Answers someone else had also seen it. A reply said that if it had been a hot air balloon than it would have
been lit up like a light bulb - which this wasn't. I still believe in the hot air balloon theory but thought I'd let
you know that the "UFO" has been sighted over here.
peter matthew bird
I see this light on new years eve me and my friend see this in the sky and thouht it was a UFO we could not
think of a explanation it was on fire definetly fire and was flying like a fast plane but there was fire there?
which made things confusing i did not think anyone would beleave me on this and now i see this on here its
spooky
Mary & Ian
Yes, we too saw exactly what is in the photo above on New Year's Eve. I thought it was just us but was
pleased to hear on the radio today that other people had seen the same.

SEE ALSO
       Places features
       Places
You are in: Lincolnshire > Places > Places features > UFOs in Lincolnshire
HomeEmailPrintTopSite Contents

See Also
       Places features
       Places
TV News Logo


Watch latest edition in full


BBC Lincolnshire, Radion Buildings, PO Box 219, Newport, Lincoln, LN1 3XY
Telephone: 01522 511411 | E-mail: lincolnshire@bbc.co.uk
                                                        About the BBC | Help | Terms of Use | Privacy & Cookies Policy


                                                 File: 2009 01 06_BBC_UFOs in Lincolnshire.pdf
                            URL: https://www.bbc.co.uk/lincolnshire/content/articles/2009/01/06/lincolnshire_ufo_feature.shtml
