{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T13:51:43Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 165106, "source_ctime_ns": 1790351576970645846, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-04-17_Live-Science_Alien-Abduction-Looking-Back-at-America-s-First-Case.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790351576965169106, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-04-17_Live-Science_Alien-Abduction-Looking-Back-at-America-s-First-Case.pdf", "source_sha256": "5a67c930465eb01164d3f4ccd39a7d80516f9b03b700d5a244e29dd29cadc6d7"}

Opentomenu
Skip   mainClose
            content
                 menu


Search Live Science Search Live Science

Subscribe
RSS
How It Works Magazine


      The ultimate action-packed science and technology magazine bursting with exciting information about the universe
      Subscribe today and save an extra 5% with checkout code 'LOVE5'
      Engaging articles, amazing illustrations & exclusive interviews
      Issues delivered straight to your door or device
From£21.99
View
Trending
      Polar vortex
      2025 full moons
      Discovery of ancient battlefield
      Undersea volcano
      Stargazing 2025

Alien Abduction: Looking Back at America's First Case
News
By Benjamin Radford
published 17 April 2009


The University of New Hampshire today is hosting a public forum surrounding a new exhibition called the "Betty and Barney Hill
Collection." The Hills were an interracial couple in the 1960s, and the exhibit discusses Barney Hill's civil rights activism. However,
the couple is best known for giving the first reported incident of an alleged alien abduction in America.
Today, due to television shows and films, the scenario is familiar: UFOs chase down terrified witnesses on a desolate road and take
them onto the spaceship to ask them questions or probe them in awkward places.
It began one night when Barney and Betty Hill claimed they were pursued by a glowing UFO through parts of New Hampshire.
Betty soon had vivid nightmares (which she interpreted as fragmented memories) about the incident, and the couple came to believe
                            File: 2009 04 17_Live Science_Alien Abduction Looking Back at America s First Case.pdf
                                      URL: https://www.livescience.com/3530-alien-abduction-america-case.html
that they had been abducted by the UFO's occupants, who then erased their memories. The couple sought the help of a psychiatrist,
and under hypnosis both Hills soon reported full-blown, detailed "repressed memories" of their abduction.
The Barney and Betty Hill story was celebrated as the most important UFO-related event in the 1960s, and spun into a media
sensation. Their experiences became fodder for many magazine articles, books, and a made-for-TV film called "The UFO Incident."
Betty became a UFO celebrity, giving media appearances and writing a book about her story.
As the years passed, however, the story lost its gloss.
No other witnesses could support their account, parts of it were implausible, and the validity of "repressed memories" was called into
question. Betty Hill's own reported experiences cast doubt on her credibility. In the decades since her original 1961 experience with
her husband Barney, Betty claimed not a few, nor dozens, but hundreds of UFO sightings.
Though UFO investigators desperately wanted to believe her, that became more difficult. One UFO researcher who worked with
Betty noted that she was “unable to distinguish between a landed UFO and a streetlight.” In other words, she saw UFOs where
none existed.
Get the world’s most fascinating discoveries delivered straight to your inbox.

Your Email Address             Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our
trusted partners or sponsors Sign me up

By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over.
Investigator Robert Sheaffer, author of "UFO Sightings: The Evidence," examined the path that the Hills claimed they followed in
1961 while pursued by the UFO. He noted that the area is populated by several towns, and that "it seems impossible that nobody
would have noticed a car madly speeding down Route 3, screeching around corners and running stop signs and traffic signals with a
low-level UFO in close pursuit."
Even many UFO believers reluctantly admit that much of Betty Hill's experiences and stories cannot be true and instead are likely
imaginative fantasies of a sincere but confused woman. With little or no corroborating evidence and no eyewitnesses to support their
remarkable story, the Barney and Betty Hill abduction case is, as often happens, inconclusive at best and a complete fabrication at
worst. It's a shame that their dream- and hypnosis-inspired alien abduction story has overshadowed the Hills' legacy as advocates
for civil rights.
      10 Alien Encounters Debunked
      In 2009: UFO Hoax Was a Social Experiment
      Top 10 Unexplained Phenomena
Benjamin Radford is the Bad Science columnist for Live Science. He covers pseudoscience, psychology, urban legends and the
science behind "unexplained" or mysterious phenomenon. Ben has a master's degree in education and a bachelor's degree in
psychology. He is deputy editor of Skeptical Inquirer science magazine and has written, edited or contributed to more than 20
books, including "Scientific Paranormal Investigation: How to Solve Unexplained Mysteries," "Tracking the Chupacabra: The
Vampire Beast in Fact, Fiction, and Folklore" and “Investigating Ghosts: The Scientific Search for Spirits,” out in fall 2017. His
website is www.BenjaminRadford.com.


Pompeii victims died in 'extreme agony,' 2 newfound skeletons reveal
Mice on remote island that eat albatrosses alive sentenced to death by
'bombing,' scientists decree
thepcpguys.co.uk|
Sponsored by TaboolaSponsored by Taboola
 Get Offer
Close Brothers Refund Checker - Lookup Your Name
'Catastrophic' SpaceX Starship explosion tore a hole in the atmosphere last
year in 1st-of-its-kind event, Russian scientists reveal
                            File: 2009 04 17_Live Science_Alien Abduction Looking Back at America s First Case.pdf
                                      URL: https://www.livescience.com/3530-alien-abduction-america-case.html
Burmese python eats even bigger reticulated python alive, in 1st-of-its-kind
encounter
  Discover
Black Horse Refund Checker - Lookup Your NameUp To £4,500* Per Vehiclethepcpguys.co.uk|
SponsoredSponsored
 Get Offer
Undo
Pompeii victims died in 'extreme agony,' 2 newfound skeletons revealArchaeologists have found the skeletons of a man and a
woman, along with their valuables, in a room in Pompeii.Livescience
Undo
Close Brothers Refund Checker - Lookup Your NameUp To £4,500* Per Vehiclethepcpguys.co.uk|
SponsoredSponsored
 Get Offer
Undo
Vagus Nerve Stimulation Devices: Which One Actually Works?Nurosym vs GammaCore vs Pulsetto vs Sensate: Which One is the
Most Worth Trying? Find Out Here.Health Science|
SponsoredSponsored
 Learn More
Undo
Black Horse Refund Checker – Average Refund Expected £4,500!Black Horse Facing Billions in Mis-Sold Car Finance Refunds –
Are You Owed?Find Car Finance|
SponsoredSponsored
 Get Offer
Undo
Unsold 2025 All Inclusive Holiday Packages Are Now At Reduced PricesDiscover Bargains & Deals On All-Inclusive Holidays
With These Top Searches.FavoriteSearches | Search Ads|
SponsoredSponsored
 Learn More
Undo
Mice on remote island that eat albatrosses alive sentenced to death by 'bombing,' scientists decreeThe wandering albatrosses of
Marion Island can't defend themselves against an invasive mice population that devours birds alive, but conservationists say a
rodenticide 'bomb' could save them.Livescience
Undo
'Catastrophic' SpaceX Starship explosion tore a hole in the atmosphere last year in 1st-of-its-kind event, Russian scientists revealA
new study from Russian scientists claims that the unexpected detonation of SpaceX's Starship rocket during a test flight in November
2023 tore an "ionospheric hole" in the upper atmosphere. It is the first time this type of hole has been created by a human-caused
explosion.Livescience
Undo
Black Horse Average Mis-Sold Car Finance Valuation: £3,836 - Lookup Your Name£Billions in Mis-Sold Car Finance Payouts
Offered To The Public (Look Up Your Name)smartpcp.com|
SponsoredSponsored
 Get Offer
Undo
£Billions in Mis-Sold Car Finance Payouts Offered To The Public (Look Up Your Name)£16 Billion est. to be Paid OutFind Car
Finance|
SponsoredSponsored
 Get Offer
Undo
MOST POPULAR
Orange dwarf cave crocodiles: The crocs that crawled into a cave, ate bats, and started mutating into a new speciesLivescience
Undo
MOST POPULAR
This deal brings one of our favorite air purifiers to its lowest-ever priceLivescience
Undo
                           File: 2009 04 17_Live Science_Alien Abduction Looking Back at America s First Case.pdf
                                     URL: https://www.livescience.com/3530-alien-abduction-america-case.html
Burmese python eats even bigger reticulated python alive, in 1st-of-its-kind encounterPhotos show 10-foot Burmese python
swallowing a reticulated python whole, eating the snake from the tail up in just 2 hours.
Undo


Alien life may look nothing like life on Earth — so how should we go about looking for it?


12 strange reasons humans haven't found alien life yet


Science news this week: Polar vortices and volcanoes undersea
See more latest ►

Most Popular


                            File: 2009 04 17_Live Science_Alien Abduction Looking Back at America s First Case.pdf
                                      URL: https://www.livescience.com/3530-alien-abduction-america-case.html
LATEST ARTICLES


   1.
      1
   2. 2
   3. 3
   4. 4
   5. 5
Live Science is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.
        About Us
        Contact Future's experts
        Terms and conditions
        Privacy policy
        Cookies policy
        Accessibility Statement
        Advertise with us
        Web notifications
        Careers
        Editorial standards
        How to pitch a story to us
© Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.


                             File: 2009 04 17_Live Science_Alien Abduction Looking Back at America s First Case.pdf
                                       URL: https://www.livescience.com/3530-alien-abduction-america-case.html
