{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T10:49:06Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 66610, "source_ctime_ns": 1790250832010977142, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-02-23_EurekAlert_A-sprightly-explanation-for-UFO-sightings.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790250831977685207, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-02-23_EurekAlert_A-sprightly-explanation-for-UFO-sightings.pdf", "source_sha256": "e7ebdfd8f594c944e000ff7de5e4232b2fc63236b5a28b7214a4ef8387bfc832"}


                   News Release 23-Feb-2009
      Home                                                                                                                       Login
      News ReleasesA sprightly explanation for UFO sightings?                                                                    Register
      Multimedia
      Meetings     Peer-Reviewed Publication
American Friends of Tel Aviv University


      image: The appearance of a "sprite" (about 30 miles high by 30 miles wide), flashing above a distant
      thunderstorm. The "sprite" is about 175-250 miles away from the camera. view more 
      Credit: ILAN Science Team

In legend, sprites are trolls, elves and other spirits that dance high above our ozone layer. But scientists at Tel Aviv University have
discovered that some very real "sprites" are zipping across the atmosphere as well, providing a possible explanation for those other
legendary denizens of the skies, UFOs.
Thunderstorms, says Prof. Colin Price, head of the Geophysics and Planetary Sciences Department at Tel Aviv University, are the
catalyst for a newly discovered natural phenomenon he calls "sprites." He and his colleagues are one of the leading teams in the
world studying the phenomenon, and Prof. Price leads the study of "winter sprites" ― those that appear only in the northern
hemisphere's winter months.
"Sprites appear above most thunderstorms," explains Prof. Price, "but we didn't see them until recently. They are high in the sky and
last for only a fraction of a second." While there is much debate over the cause or function of these mysterious flashes in the sky,
they may, Prof. Price says, explain some bizarre reports of UFO sightings.
An Electrifying Discovery
Sprites are described as flashes high in the atmosphere, between 35 and 80 miles from the ground, much higher than the 7 to 10
miles where regular lightning bolts usually occur.
"Lightning from the thunderstorm excites the electric field above, producing a flash of light called a sprite," explains Prof. Price. "We
now understand that only a specific type of lightning is the trigger that initiates sprites aloft."
Though sprites have existed for millions of years, they were first discovered and documented only by accident in 1989 when a
researcher studying stars was calibrating a camera pointed at the distant atmosphere where sprites occur.
"Sprites, which only occur in conjunction with thunderstorms, never occur on their own, and are cousins to similar natural
phenomenon dubbed by atmospheric electricians as 'elves,' 'goblins' and 'trolls,'" Prof. Price says. These flashes are so named
because they appear to "dance" in the sky, which may explain some UFO sightings.
                                   File: 2009 02 23_EurekAlert_A sprightly explanation for UFO sightings.pdf
                                               URL: https://www.eurekalert.org/news-releases/632490
Candles on a Celestial Birthday Cake
Tel Aviv University's research team is one of the leading global groups studying the phenomenon. But Prof. Price and his students
are now working in collaboration with other Israeli scientists from The Open University and The Hebrew University to take three-
dimensional pictures of sprites to gain a better understanding of their structure. Using remote-controlled roof-mounted cameras, the
researchers are able to look at the thunderstorms that produce sprites when they are still over the Mediterranean Sea.
From their unique vantage point in Israel, the researchers are leading the world in the study of winter sprites. Prof. Price's new
camera techniques, in particular, have revealed the sprites' circular structures, which are much like those of candles on a birthday
cake. Using triangulation, Prof. Price and his team have also been able to calculate the dimensions of the sprites' features. "The
candles in the sprites are up to 15 miles high, with the cluster of candles 45 miles wide –– it looks like a huge birthday celebration!"
Because of their high altitude, sprites may also have an impact on the chemistry of the Earth's ozone layer. "Since they are relatively
infrequent, the global impact is likely small," says Prof. Price. "But we're researching that now."
                                                                     ###
American Friends of Tel Aviv University (www.aftau.org) supports Israel's leading and most comprehensive center of higher
learning. In independent rankings, TAU's innovations and discoveries are cited more often by the global scientific community than all
but 20 other universities worldwide.
Internationally recognized for the scope and groundbreaking nature of its research programs, Tel Aviv University consistently
produces work with profound implications for the future.


Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing
institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system.
Media Contact
George Hunka

ghunka@aftau.org
Office: 212-742-9070


More on this News Release
A sprightly explanation for UFO sightings?
American Friends of Tel Aviv University

Keywords

      /Social sciences/Philosophy/Science philosophy/Pseudoscience/Ufology
      /Physical sciences/Earth sciences/Atmospheric science/Atmospheric physics/Lightning
      /Physical sciences/Physics/Applied physics/Applied optics/Optical devices/Cameras


Copyright © 2025 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)
       facebook.com/EurekAlert
       @EurekAlert
       youtube.com/EurekAlert


      Help / FAQ
      Services
      Eligibility Guidelines
      Contact EurekAlert!
                                   File: 2009 02 23_EurekAlert_A sprightly explanation for UFO sightings.pdf
                                               URL: https://www.eurekalert.org/news-releases/632490
      Terms & Conditions
      DMCA
      Privacy Policy
      Disclaimer

Copyright © 2025 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)


                              File: 2009 02 23_EurekAlert_A sprightly explanation for UFO sightings.pdf
                                          URL: https://www.eurekalert.org/news-releases/632490
