{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T14:31:30Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 65460, "source_ctime_ns": 1788580597768954607, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-09-03_Universe-Today_UFOs-a-Green-Venus-and-Sun-Gobbling-Isn-t-That-Going-a-Little-Far-Mrs-Hatoyama.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788580597766628101, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-09-03_Universe-Today_UFOs-a-Green-Venus-and-Sun-Gobbling-Isn-t-That-Going-a-Little-Far-Mrs-Hatoyama.pdf", "source_sha256": "e89c5f1ab10f270acde32e2dc32c43a806fa1672db6553e84f16a79c17b3bbcd"}

Venus? Green? Are you sure?


  [/caption]“While my body was asleep, I think my soul rode on a triangular-shaped UFO and
  went to Venus.”

  This might sound like a quote taken from the ramblings of a conspiracy theorist or the
  chant from someone who spent an hour too many at an Amsterdam coffee shop, but it
  wasn’t.

  Actually, these are the words of the wife of the Japanese premier-in-waiting Yukio
  Hatoyama.

  Mrs Miyuki Hatoyama might be married to a man Japan nicknames “The Alien,” but it looks
  like it’s not him who has dreams of an extraterrestrial nature…

  If there’s one thing politicians must dread when they are voted into a position of power, it’s
  the past. Previous indiscretions, past conversations, old business that involved major
  campaign donors; all of these must keep many government ministers awake at night,
  worried that the media will dig up some dirt.

  However, in the case of the soon-to-be prime minister of Japan (who won the recent
  elections with a landslide victory), it’s his 66-year old wife who wrote something last year
  in a book called Very Strange Things I’ve Encountered, that’s causing a stir. But through his
  wife’s own admission, Yukio Hatoyama is an open minded fellow and probably won’t be
  concerned about what the public may think of Miyuki’s book.

  Very Strange Things documents Mrs Hatoyama’s experiences 20 years ago when a UFO
  picked her up and took her to Venus. “It was a very beautiful place and it was really green,”
  she observed.

  If by “green” she actually means “dark brown,” and by “beautiful” she means “a tropical,
  bone crushing atmosphere, stuffed with poisonous gas and a landscape resembling hell,”
  then I think Miyuki really did fly there.

  Naturally, after she had her joyride to Venus, Miyuki arrived back in bed, next to her now ex-
  husband who told her it was just a dream.

  In addition to her night-time jaunts around the Solar System, Miyuki also partakes in a little
  solar feast every now and again. On a Japanese TV show earlier this year, Miyuki went into
  some detail about her spiritualistic beliefs.

  “I also eat the sun,” she said on the program, closing her eyes, pulling pieces off an
  imaginary Sun. “Like this, hum, hum, hum. It gives me enormous energy […] My husband has
  recently started doing that too.”

  This all seems like a lot of fun, but what does this mean for Japan? As noted by Keith
  Cowing over at NASA Watch, perhaps we’ll see a boost in JAXA (the Japanese space
  agency) funding. It might also go some way to explaining why there’s been a surge of
  interest in Japanese space solar power!

File: 2009 09 03_Universe Today_UFOs a Green Venus and Sun Gobbling Isn t That Going a Little Far Mrs Hatoyama.pdf
URL: https://www.universetoday.com/38926/ufos-green-venus-and-sun-gobbling-isnt-that-going-a-little-far-mrs-hatoyama/
             Things might go a little too far if we start seeing JAXA UFO patrols in low-Earth orbit, but
             for now, I suspect it’s going to be a rather flamboyant term in office for the Hatoyama’s…

             Sources: Reuters, NASA Watch, Time


                 V E NU S


             17 Replies to “UFOs, a Green Venus and Sun Gobbling? Isn’t That
             Going a Little Far, Mrs Hatoyama?”
             Comments are closed.


             PREVI O US

                Climate Change and Earth’s Cryosphere
             NE X T

             “What Was That Big Star Next to the Moon Last Night?”


             Privacy Policy / Proudly powered by WordPress


Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services
development

Store and/or access information on a device

How can I change my choice?
What if I don't consent?
How does legitimate interest work?
Do I have to consent to everything?

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other
device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used
specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by
managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy
and cookie settings.

   Consent            Do not consent
          File: 2009 09 03_Universe Today_UFOs a Green Venus and Sun Gobbling Isn t That Going a Little Far Mrs Hatoyama.pdf
          URL: https://www.universetoday.com/38926/ufos-green-venus-and-sun-gobbling-isnt-that-going-a-little-far-mrs-hatoyama/
Manage options


     File: 2009 09 03_Universe Today_UFOs a Green Venus and Sun Gobbling Isn t That Going a Little Far Mrs Hatoyama.pdf
     URL: https://www.universetoday.com/38926/ufos-green-venus-and-sun-gobbling-isnt-that-going-a-little-far-mrs-hatoyama/
