{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T23:10:49Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 126960, "source_ctime_ns": 1788571844586240637, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-02-19_Space-com_What-Finding-Alien-Life-Could-Mean-for-Earth.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788571844581847195, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-02-19_Space-com_What-Finding-Alien-Life-Could-Mean-for-Earth.pdf", "source_sha256": "ac886616aa0fd50064f1212647d0d5b2b96b9a6bdff5ea07bd976905207179f2"}

Opentomenu
Skip   mainClose
            content
                 menu


Search Space Search Space

Subscribe
RSS
All About Space Magazine


      Jam packed issues filled with the latest cutting-edge research, technology and theories delivered in an entertaining and visually
      stunning way, aiming to educate and inspire readers of all ages
      Engaging articles, breathtaking images and expert knowledge
      Issues delivered straight to your door
From£24.99
View
Trending
      Parker Solar Probe survives sun flyby!
      Next Full Moon
      Aurora Forecast
      Night sky tonight!
      Best Telescopes
      Best Binoculars
      Best Star Projectors
      Lego Star Wars deals
      Best Drones
      Space Calendar
      Solar System Planets

What Finding Alien Life Could Mean for Earth
News
By Seth Shostak
published 19 February 2009


Martian fossil? This microscopic shape was discovered within Martian meteorite ALH84001, with the debate still on over whether it
is a fossil of a simple martian organisms that lived 3.6 billion years ago. (Image credit: D. McKay (NASA /JSC), K. Thomas-Keprta
                                File: 2009 02 19_Space com_What Finding Alien Life Could Mean for Earth.pdf
                                           URL: https://www.space.com/4075-finding-alien-life-earth.html
(Lockheed-Martin), R. Zare (Stanford), NASA)
Imagine that tomorrow morning scientists tell the world they’ve found evidence for a colony of aliens living only 35 million miles from
Earth.
Do you think your neighbors would wig out - stocking up on Ramen noodles, and secluding themselves and the family schnauzer in
the basement? Or do you believe most folks would simply mutter “whatever,” and go back to checking out new Facebook friends?
The question’s not altogether fatuous, because this kind of discovery could happen soon, thanks to the efforts of astrobiologists -
researchers who study the origin, nature and distribution of life.
Although we still haven’t found any biological activity elsewhere, it’s hardly inconceivable that before your car gets its next oil
change, robot spacecraft could discover a horde of microbes hidden beneath the Martian sands. Or maybe a few years down the
road, some astrobiology experiment will stumble across alien pond scum floating in Titan’s rime-frosted lakes, or pick up a radio
signal beamed earthward from the star system Gliese 581.
The impact of such news would be significant and, at this point, largely unknown. So to get a better grip on how astrobiological
discoveries would play out, the SETI Institute and the NASA Astrobiology Institute recently held a three-day workshop to bring
together scientists, ethicists, historians, lawyers, anthropologists, and the media to consider the societal consequences of this type of
research.
It’s obvious that three days of conversation is thoroughly inadequate for gauging the cultural repercussions of astrobiology’s wide
range of research. So Margaret Race, the organizer of the event and a scientist at the SETI Institute, suggested that the forty-and-
more participants simply devise a “roadmap” - a reconnaissance of the issues, if you will. What should we be studying in this field?
As the traveling salesmen in The Music Man insisted, “you’ve got to know the territory.”
Well, let me tell you: the territory is immense, and encompasses such dramatic and controversial conundrums as protecting ourselves
from errant asteroids (is it OK to deflect an incoming rock just enough to keep it from pulverizing your own country but let it wallop,
say, western China?) and dealing with the possibility of synthetic life, cooked up in a lab (should there be controls on such research?)
Breaking space news, the latest updates on rocket launches, skywatching events and more!

Your Email Address             Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our
trusted partners or sponsors Sign me up

By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over.
I won’t even try to survey the field. But I will offer an example that will keep your brain warm if you ponder it during your ride to
work. It’s the scenario that began this short essay, and it will give you some flavor of the type of problems foreseen by the
workshop participants.
It goes like this. As zealous followers of space research know, there’s now good evidence for methane floating above the Martian
landscape in several regions of the planet. Now there are only two straightforward explanations for this gas: (1) the methane is the
consequence of geological activity, such as volcanism, or (2) it’s produced by bacteria-like microbes under the surface. Suppose we
were to discover that biology, not geology, is making the methane. This would be big news, because after centuries of imaginative
speculation, we would have found real Martians.
Now consider the long-term problems this would pose. Mars, rather than being a natural place for humankind to explore and
exploit, would take on a different mien. Suddenly we’d know it has natives.
So what do we do about that? Some would say, “Hey, these Martians are mindless and miniscule. We don’t worry about
earthworms at a building site. We won’t worry about these guys.” Of course, samples of this life would be made available for
scientific scrutiny, but that’s a different, and short-term, matter. Once the inhabitants had been cataloged and crated, Mars would be
open for business. After all, isn’t it human destiny to spread out? Surely we wouldn’t let a messy mass of microbes interfere with our
efforts to colonize the Red Planet.
Or would we? Others might say, “Look, the planet has its own ecosystem. Leave it alone. We’ll turn Mars into a nature preserve.”
If, like NASA’s Chris McKay, you think that life is special and should be encouraged, you might wish to intervene to give the
indigenous Martian life a helping hand; to let it flourish in a way that’s clearly beyond what it’s doing now. In other words, not merely
preserve the Martians’ habitat, but improve it.
Those who cotton to third-way approaches might consider fencing off Mars’ inhabited real estate (assuming that it doesn’t lace the
entire planet), and limiting human intrusion. It’s unclear, of course, how well this would work, and in any case, any long-term
                                 File: 2009 02 19_Space com_What Finding Alien Life Could Mean for Earth.pdf
                                            URL: https://www.space.com/4075-finding-alien-life-earth.html
terraforming project would change the climate in the “Martian territories” as well as the rest of this world.
So what would you do? What should humanity do, and how will it decide? And even if there was some sort of international
agreement, who would be tasked with enforcing it?
These are not easy questions to answer, and the organizers of the workshop thought it worth getting a head start before the headlines
arrive. Consider the reluctance of Nicolaus Copernicus to publish his work a half-millennium ago. Fearful of the reaction of religious
zealots, he initially did no more than circulate a small book, without his name on it, outlining his ideas. His magnum opus, De
Revolutionibus Orbeum Coelestium, hit the shelves (and, according to popular account, his deathbed) much later. Similarly,
Charles Darwin delayed publication of his evolutionary theories, worrying that they would discomfit readers because humankind
would no longer be so exceptional. Societal reaction can matter.
The fact is that much of what scientists do won’t change your life very much. A lot of it is like numismatics or canning fruit:
specialized activities with only modest cultural impact. But if we find life of any kind beyond Earth, everyone’s going to notice, and
our descendants will be affected in profound ways. Exactly how they’ll be affected deserves our consideration now.
Join our Space Forums to keep talking space on the latest missions, night sky and more! And if you have a news tip,
correction or comment, let us know at: community@space.com.
Seth Shostak is an astronomer at the SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Institute in Mountain View, California, who
places a high priority on communicating science to the public. In addition to his many academic papers, Seth has published hundreds
of popular science articles, and not just for Space.com; he makes regular contributions to NBC News MACH, for example. Seth
has also co-authored a college textbook on astrobiology and written three popular science books on SETI, including "Confessions
of an Alien Hunter" (National Geographic, 2009). In addition, Seth ahosts the SETI Institute's weekly radio show, "Big Picture
Science."


We finally know where to look for life on Mars


NASA's nuclear-powered Dragonfly helicopter will ride a SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket toward Saturn moon Titan


This Week In Space podcast: Episode 142 — 2025 in Space
See more latest ►

Most Popular


                                 File: 2009 02 19_Space com_What Finding Alien Life Could Mean for Earth.pdf
                                            URL: https://www.space.com/4075-finding-alien-life-earth.html
MORE FROM SPACE...


   1.
      1
   2. 2
   3. 3
   4. 4
   5. 5
Space is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.
        About Us
        Contact Future's experts
        Terms and conditions
        Privacy policy
        Cookies policy
        Accessibility Statement
                                   File: 2009 02 19_Space com_What Finding Alien Life Could Mean for Earth.pdf
                                              URL: https://www.space.com/4075-finding-alien-life-earth.html
      Advertise with us
      Web notifications
      Careers
© Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.


                             File: 2009 02 19_Space com_What Finding Alien Life Could Mean for Earth.pdf
                                        URL: https://www.space.com/4075-finding-alien-life-earth.html
