{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T07:59:55Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 115021, "source_ctime_ns": 1790176545176116009, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-10-22_AccuWeather_I-Just-Saw-A-Hole-Punch-Cloud-Form-And-How.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790176545050320888, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-10-22_AccuWeather_I-Just-Saw-A-Hole-Punch-Cloud-Form-And-How.pdf", "source_sha256": "2ec5e8664bdaa1bc17ec5a9cd164c0a747843f5fe60d79a92aaf556d4cc91107"}

ACCUWEATHER EARLY                HURRICANE CENTER               TOP STORIES         TRENDING TODAY            ASTRONOMY               HEAT   CLIMATE


I Just Saw A Hole-Punch Cloud Form, And How!
By Jesse Ferrell, AccuWeather meteorologist and senior weather editor


UPDATE: Photos have now also come in from this event from Harrisburg, PA and Camp Hill, PA. Thanks for
keeping your eye to the sky!

UPDATE: This photo shows a hole-punch cloud caused by cloud seeding, but if that's only one of several
ways they can be caused then we can't be sure what caused the "Russian UFO Cloud" (by the way, we have
written an article about the attempt to quell snow in Moscow via cloud seeding).

We also got some more pics of the 2007 Louisiana event on the Photo Gallery yesterday as a result of this
blog. I think this one from Georgia is the most interesting, as it shows both the long hole caused by a contrail
falling on the cloud layer, and individual holes. You can see both on some of the satellite photos as well.
Maybe the holes are really caused by planes punching through them while the elongated holes are caused by
the contrails. I don't think we'll know for sure until somebody gets a video of it (my video yesterday was too far
away to see a plane if there were one).

UPDATE: I've updated the video below with a quicker, longer timelapse; you can see a high-res version on
YouTube. There was another hole-punch cloud later in the day that the you can see in this set of all
AccuCam pictures from the event.

In unrelated news, we had some great lenticular formations in the evening. I'll be uploading some photos and
video of those this weekend.

Also Scott B. from the CIMSS Blog offers up this excellent satellite image of hole-punch clouds to my
southeast in the afternoon, saying in the Comments below "In the false color image, clouds composed of ice
crystals appear more cyan in color...so the aircraft distrails were glaciating, with the large ice crystals then
falling out of the supercooled water droplet cloud layer from which they formed."
ORIGINAL ENTRY:

Here are photos, satellite shots and a timelapse video from what I just witnessed here at AccuWeather HQ -
the formation of a hole-punch cloud (fallstreak cloud)! Ironically I was just talking about these being the
"Russian UFO Cloud" earlier this week. Here's a photo near the end of the formation when it was almost
overhead at 12:14 PM:


Here are the rest of the pictures.

Here's a timelapse video from the AccuCam. First you can see the shadow from one of the contrails fading at
left. Then about 20 seconds in you see the hole-punch cloud form as the trail falls onto the cloud deck.


                                  File: 2009 10 22_AccuWeather_I Just Saw A Hole Punch Cloud Form And How.pdf
                   URL: https://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-blogs/weathermatrix/i-just-saw-a-hole-punch-cloud-form-and-how/66606
Conventional wisdom (i.e. Google) and even NASA lists aircraft punching through the clouds as the cause,
but in this case I wonder if a jet contrail may have fallen onto/through the cloud, touching off the process that
causes the cloud to glaciate and fall out? Prior to this occurrence I had seen two jet trail shadows projected
on to the cloud deck from above. You can see one of the shadows on the AccuCam image below and two
fainter shadows on AccuCam2; half an hour later, I believe one of those contrails may have fallen to hit the
cloud deck from above and caused the hole-punch cloud.


Ironically, the shadows were what caused me to start capturing a timelapse of the AccuCam (because
timelapses of a cloud deck moving in one direction with shadows in another looks cool). It wasn't until 15-20
minutes later that the hole-punch cloud actually formed. If this hypothesis is true, it would more readily explain
why hole punch clouds as viewed by satellite are often long trails.

But then why would only a hole form like in this case? I'm guessing that contrails aren't actually a straight line
after they have had some time to start dissipating, they probably bend vertically like a snake so only part of it
might touch the cloud as it falls, or even if the whole thing fell onto a cloud there might only be sufficient
exhaust particles in one particular area to cause the hole. I think that this satellite animation from this
afternoon may show a contrail forming a hole punch cloud in northern New York state.

Central PA wasn't the only place experiencing hole-punch clouds this morning -- more appeared over the
northern part of the state in this satellite animation as I was observing mine... so I got Scott L. at the CIMSS
Blog to send me some high-resolution satellite shots. The image below from the new GOES-12 satellite at
12:15 PM shows my hole punch cloud at the red arrow and the other longer hole-punch clouds in Northern
Pennsylvania at the blue arrow.


A MODIS satellite shot from 11:40 AM shows the two jet contrails (whose shadows are shown in the
AccuCam image above):


Comments (10): Erica Dolinar:

That's awesome! I took some pictures of the hole punch cloud over Millersville, PA on the same day. The
URL goes to my facebook page where I uploaded the photos.

Posted by Erica Dolinar | October 25, 2009 10:34 PM Mary Lapos:

                             File: 2009 10 22_AccuWeather_I Just Saw A Hole Punch Cloud Form And How.pdf
              URL: https://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-blogs/weathermatrix/i-just-saw-a-hole-punch-cloud-form-and-how/66606
re" cloud seeding. I can understand using science for life saving measures but not for convenience. Snow
especially in certain parts of the world in the basis for life in entire regions. I think what the lack of snow
does to gardens, trees, weather cycles just in my backyard. To be thinking about fiddling with such a large
and complex piece of the earth's atmosphere and its events seems a huge overstep on our part. The article
titled, "can we prevent snow" was chilling. To be able to do something is one thing (think about it, know
about it, think we understand it, etc) but to not ask the question "is it for the good of everything?" is a terrible
oversight.

Posted by Mary Lapos | October 23, 2009 3:33 PM Carl Schaad:

What'd you call me?

Posted by Carl Schaad | October 23, 2009 2:29 PM Don:

Great story...wonderful timelapse...good job

Posted by Don | October 23, 2009 12:37 PM Supersteverino:

Nice post, Jesse and great follow-up, Scott! The sky yesterday here in SE PA, specifically Villanova, was
ripe with fascinating cloud forms, pretty much from sunrise to sunset. I several several formations that were
similar to cloud hole punches, but more elongated than as is typical.

Posted by Supersteverino | October 23, 2009 7:30 AM Susan Clark - Alexandria VA:

That is one of the coolest things I've ever seen. Thanks for sharing and for explaining what it is and how it
happens.

Posted by Susan Clark - Alexandria VA | October 22, 2009 10:05 PM DavePa:

This is a neat vid. We have a hot tub on the deck , while relaxing, we have observed this type of cloud slit
holing at night. First off we live a hair north of a major flight path through east central Pa, into the Newark,
and New York airports. Really cool hole formations occur when the moon is full and near full. The skys are
generally overcast with thin clouds (still able to see the moon). When the airbuses gradually descend
through the cloud level, that trail magically (??) makes the clouds disappear. Leaving a clear thin streak of
clear sky. Then an eerie dark shadow cascades under the cloud level, caused by the moonlight passing
through the slit in the cloud. It is similar to a shadow seen of the sun's rays passing a cloud during the day.
Unusual, but eerily neat.

Posted by DavePa | October 22, 2009 8:28 PM Elmo:

Very interesting, never thought of it that way. Thanks for sharing. I've only seen these once, almost three
years ago. After reading your theory, looks like I may have the same thing (contrail falling thru) in this photo.
Elmo

Posted by Elmo | October 22, 2009 6:24 PM Elmer Bauers:

I want to thank you for posting this, because just before 1pm I thought I saw a hole punch cloud over
                              File: 2009 10 22_AccuWeather_I Just Saw A Hole Punch Cloud Form And How.pdf
               URL: https://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-blogs/weathermatrix/i-just-saw-a-hole-punch-cloud-form-and-how/66606
Millersville University as I was walking to class. I said to myself, "Nah this can't be true." It didnt look as
clear cut, but it was great to see your post to possibly confirm my sighting too. The sky was beautiful today.

Posted by Elmer Bauers | October 22, 2009 5:35 PM Scott Bachmeier:

Awesome! Great job capturing the ground-based photos and animation. Farther to your southeast, it was
Hole Punch Clouds Gone Wild, with a number of larger aircraft distrails seen in the 250-meter resolution
MODIS true color and false color imagery:

http://tinyurl.com/yhwg24g

In the false color image, clouds composed of ice crystals appear more cyan in color...so the aircraft distrails
were glaciating, with the large ice crystals then falling out of the supercooled water droplet cloud layer from
which they formed.

Posted by Scott Bachmeier | October 22, 2009 4:55 PM
Report a Typo


WEATHER NEWS

                ACCUWEATHER READY
                Top tips to survive a winter power outage


                VIDEO
                Winter weather weekend across several states


                ACCUWEATHER READY
                'Lies my mother told me:' Debunking cold-weather myths


TOPICS

ACCUWEATHER EARLY
HURRICANE CENTER
TOP STORIES
TRENDING TODAY
ASTRONOMY
HEAT
CLIMATE
HEALTH
RECREATION
IN MEMORIAM
CASE STUDIES
BLOGS & WEBINARS

                               File: 2009 10 22_AccuWeather_I Just Saw A Hole Punch Cloud Form And How.pdf
                URL: https://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-blogs/weathermatrix/i-just-saw-a-hole-punch-cloud-form-and-how/66606
                               AccuWeather Meteorologist and Social
                               Media Manager Jesse Ferrell covers
                               extreme weather and the intersection of
                               meteorology and social media.


                                            Astronomy
                                            with Dave Samuhel

                                            Canadian weather
                                            with Brett Anderson

                                            Global climate change
                                            with Brett Anderson

                                            Global weather
                                            with Jason Nicholls

                                            Northeast US weather
                                            with Elliot Abrams


                                            Plume Labs on Air Quality
                                            with Tyler Knowlton

                                            RealImpact of weather
                                            with Dr. Joel N. Myers

                                            WeatherMatrix
                                            with Jesse Ferrell

                                            Western US weather
                                            with Brian Thompson


                               Featured Stories
                               WEATHER NEWS
                               ‘We’re dying from the cold’:
                               Displaced Palestinians
                               battle winter
                               3 days ago


                               TRAVEL
                               JetBlue fined $2 million for
                               ‘unrealistic scheduling’ and
                               chronic dela...
                               1 day ago


                               TRAVEL
                               2024 has been nerve-
                               wracking for plane travel.
                               How safe is it really?
                               4 days ago


                               WEATHER NEWS
                               ‘Mystery volcano’ that
                               erupted in 1831 has finally
                               been identified
                               1 day ago


                               WEATHER NEWS
               File: 2009 10 22_AccuWeather_I Just Saw A Hole Punch Cloud Form And How.pdf
URL: https://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-blogs/weathermatrix/i-just-saw-a-hole-punch-cloud-form-and-how/66606
                                                  WEATHER NEWS
                                                  Here are the new species
                                                  scientists found in 2024
                                                  3 days ago


             © 2025 AccuWeather, Inc. "AccuWeather" and sun design are registered trademarks of AccuWeather, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

                                                    Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy


Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development

Store and/or access information on a device
Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be
stored by, accessed by and shared with 117We  TCFhave    updated
                                                     vendor(s) andour Privacy
                                                                    42 ad      Policy or
                                                                           partner(s),andused specifically by this site or app.
Some vendors may process your personal data        on the basis
                                             Cookie Policy.     of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your
options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.
 Consent Do not consent                                            I Understand
 Manage options


                                 File: 2009 10 22_AccuWeather_I Just Saw A Hole Punch Cloud Form And How.pdf
                  URL: https://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-blogs/weathermatrix/i-just-saw-a-hole-punch-cloud-form-and-how/66606
