{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T18:01:19Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 99343, "source_ctime_ns": 1790410922465495694, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-04-12_Desiring-God_I-Have-Seen-the-Lord.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790410922462419371, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2009-04-12_Desiring-God_I-Have-Seen-the-Lord.pdf", "source_sha256": "aa6cbc929965f7e4775b696807b28ba998bfdadf68b01ddcb1c2314cf9d5790e"}

Ask Pastor John
Questions and answers with John Piper

Look at the Book
Interactive Bible study with John Piper

Solid Joys
Daily devotional with John Piper

Light + Truth
Classic sermons from John Piper


Articles Messages Books Podcasts Filter Resources By

Ask Pastor John
Questions and answers with John Piper

Look at the Book
Interactive Bible study with John Piper

Solid Joys
Daily devotional with John Piper

Light + Truth
Classic sermons from John Piper
Most people in the world have no experience of lasting joy in their lives. We’re on a mission to change that. All of our resources
exist to guide you toward everlasting joy in Jesus Christ.
About Account Give


                                           File: 2009 04 12_Desiring God_I Have Seen the Lord.pdf
                                          URL: https://www.desiringgod.org/messages/i-have-seen-the-lord
       Video
       Audio

Subscribe
Apple Podcasts Spotify
When I was in college, over 40 years ago, the arguments were more prominent and more intense than they are today about whether
Jesus rose historically and bodily from the dead. There was widespread consensus among believers and non-believers generally in
America that deciding about that claim really mattered. You took a stand—you believed in the resurrection, or you didn’t—and if
you did, you generally believed the rest of the Bible and called yourself a Christian. And if you didn’t, then you were intentionally not
a Christian.
Today that question, that debate—Did Jesus really rise from the dead historically, bodily?—is not as prominent or as intense
because, at one level, people feel that it doesn’t matter to them, because different people believe in different things, and maybe it
happened, maybe it didn’t; and if it did, or didn’t, and that helps you get along in life, fine; but it doesn’t make much difference to
me. I may or may not call myself a Christian, and if the resurrection seems helpful to me, I may believe it; and if it doesn’t, then I
won’t, and I don’t think any body should tell me that I have to.

Two Kinds of Unbelief
Behind those two different kinds of unbelief—the kind from 40 years ago and the kind from the present day—is a different set of
assumptions. For example, in my college days the assumption pretty much still held sway, though it was starting to give way with the
rise of existentialism, that there are fixed, closed natural laws, that make the world understandable and scientifically manageable, and
these laws do not allow the truth of the claim that someone has risen from the dead to live forever. That was a commonly held
assumption: The modern world with its scientific understanding of natural laws does not allow for resurrections. So unbelief was
often rooted in that kind of assumption.
But today, that’s not the most common working assumption. Today the assumption is not that there are natural laws outside of me
forbidding the resurrection of Jesus, but there is a personal law inside of me that says: I don’t have to adapt my life to anything I
don’t find helpful. Or you could state it another way: Truth for me is what I find acceptable and helpful.

What Really Matters
Now with that assumption in place, and that inner law in place, it doesn’t matter whether Jesus rose from the dead, because,
whether he did or didn’t, my issue is: Do I care? Do I find that idea helpful? Do I feel that it helps me flourish as a human
being? And if it seems like it doesn’t, then I will just view it the way I view UFOs and possible life in some distant galaxy—I just
don’t need to bother with it. If it helps you, that’s fine; but don’t press it on me.
Some of you think that way without even knowing that’s the way you think. You have simply absorbed it from the culture, since that
way of thinking is woven into most television shows and advertising and movies and modern educational curricula.
So what I am attempting to do is raise the level of everyone’s awareness of how we sift through the realities that are coming at us
every day. And my hope is that when I put the resurrection of Jesus before you, with heightened self-awareness you will not so
easily be carried along by modern assumptions from 40 years ago or post-modern assumptions today, but may, with God’s help
have a true concern for what really matters to you—not just what nature or your own heart says matters to you.

Paul at Mars Hill
I am going to come to John 20 in a moment, but let me begin with a sermon that the apostle Paul preached to philosophy-lovers on
Mars Hill in Athens about 20 years after the death of Jesus. It’s found in Acts 17 and ends like this:
       The times of ignorance God overlooked, but now he commands all people everywhere to repent, because he has fixed
                                           File: 2009 04 12_Desiring God_I Have Seen the Lord.pdf
                                          URL: https://www.desiringgod.org/messages/i-have-seen-the-lord
       a day on which he will judge the world in righteousness by a man whom he has appointed; and of this he has given
       assurance to all by raising him from the dead. (Acts 17:30–31)
At that point in the sermon, his listeners cut him off and mocked him because of the claim that Jesus was raised from the dead—
which in itself is very significant because it means the amazing spread of Christianity in the early years did not happen in a gullible
world that thought resurrections were normal.

It Will Matter to You
But notice what Paul said: God calls the whole world to repent, because we have all sinned against him—that is, we have not
treasured him above all things. We are de facto idolaters. This repentance is urgent because God is going to judge the world in
perfect righteousness. And he is going to do it by a man, Jesus Christ. Jesus will be the judge of every human someday. Every human
will stand before the living God-man, Jesus. None of our excuses will work in that court. We will all be guilty unless we have trusted
Christ as our Savior and Authority and Treasure.
This word from the apostle Paul is flying full force, with love, into the face of the contemporary assumption that even if Christ rose
from the dead, it doesn’t matter to me because I don’t find it helpful. Paul is saying: It will matter to you whether you find it
helpful or not. God’s judgment of the world by Jesus Christ is not like possible life in another galaxy; it’s like death—it is coming,
and saying it doesn’t concern you, is like closing your eyes and saying there is no such thing as light because it’s dark behind your
eyelids.
The last thing Paul says in his sermon in Athens is: “Of this God has given assurance (or warrant, or evidence, or proof) to all by
raising Jesus from the dead.” To all! In other words, the resurrection of Jesus is designed by God to be a global warrant or
assurance that repentance is necessary.

Resurrection Known Through Witnesses
How does it do that when 20 years have gone by, or 20 centuries have gone by? The answer is that God always intended for the
resurrection to be known and believed through human witnesses. This doesn’t rule out the work of his Spirit in opening our eyes. But
it is always through witnesses. There were no tape recordings, no video cameras, no photographs. When it happened, God saw to it
that there were witnesses, and that Jesus appeared to witnesses in enough settings that they were fully convinced of his reality and
could tell others and then write it down for us to read.
When Paul says, “God has fixed a day on which he will judge the world in righteousness by a man whom he has appointed; and of
this he has given assurance to all by raising him from the dead,” what he meant was that the testimony of those who saw him will
spread through the whole world and be a valid warrant for faith, a valid assurance that this really happened.

The Way God Designed for Us to Know
Here’s the way another eyewitness besides Paul puts it. The apostle Peter in a sermon preached about 8 or 10 years after the
resurrection of Jesus said,
       God raised [Jesus] on the third day and made him to appear, not to all the people but to us who had been chosen by
       God as witnesses, who ate and drank with him after he rose from the dead. (Acts 10:40–41)
In other words, it was God’s intentional design not for the risen Christ to be seen by everyone—not even in the day when it
happened. And not today, as much as we might wish we could! His intentional design is: He appeared repeatedly and with many
proofs (Acts 1:3) to a limited group of people whose job it was to bear witness in what they said and what they wrote so that
everyone who hears or reads this witness will be able know the assurance that God provides for the world about the resurrection of
his Son. That’s the way God designed for us to know.
That’s what we have in John 20—John’s eyewitness account of the resurrection appearances of Jesus. That’s what we have in
Matthew 28—Matthew’s eyewitness account; Luke 24—Luke was not an eyewitness but lived and traveled with Paul who was,
and he talked to many others (Luke 1:2); Mark 16—as we hear Mark’s echo of Peter’s eyewitness testimony, as well as his own as
a young man living in Jerusalem; and other writings in the New Testament.

John, the Witness
On either side of John 20, we have this claim. Look at John 19:35. In the middle of Jesus’ crucifixion, John breaks off and says, “He
who saw it has borne witness—his testimony is true, and he knows that he is telling the truth—that you also may believe.” This is
what Paul meant: The world can know what happened in those last hours because there were witnesses, and they give testimony and
                                           File: 2009 04 12_Desiring God_I Have Seen the Lord.pdf
                                          URL: https://www.desiringgod.org/messages/i-have-seen-the-lord
there are ways to test the testimony of witnesses.
Or look at John 21:24: “This is the disciple who is bearing witness about these things, and who has written these things, and we
know that his testimony is true.” The point of this verse is that an eyewitness is telling this story. This is not hearsay. And his
testimony can be checked out with others in the New Testament.
So let’s let him have his witness to us. And you judge for yourselves (Luke 12:57) if these things are so.

“They Have Taken the Lord” (Verses 1–2)
Look at John 20:1–2.
       Now on the first day of the week Mary Magdalene came to the tomb early, while it was still dark, and saw that the
       stone had been taken away from the tomb. So she ran and went to Simon Peter and the other disciple, the one whom
       Jesus loved, and said to them, “They have taken the Lord out of the tomb, and we do not know where they have laid
       him.”
Mary did not believe the resurrection had happened. She assumed the body was moved. This is another evidence how slow the
disciples, including the women, were to believe Jesus had been raised. These were not easily excitable, gullible people.

Peter and John at the Tomb (Verses 3–11)
Then Peter and the other disciple—probably John, the writer of this book—ran to the tomb. John outran Peter and stood looking in.
Verse 5 says, “Stooping to look in, he saw the linen cloths lying there.” This is what Jesus’ body had been wrapped in when they
buried him (John 19:40).
Then Peter comes and goes right into the tomb. Verses 6–7: “Then Simon Peter came, following him, and went into the tomb. He
saw the linen cloths lying there, and the face cloth, which had been on Jesus’ head, not lying with the linen cloths but folded up in a
place by itself.” What does John want us to learn about the resurrection from this? Two things, at least.

1. Risen Bodily, Not Just Spiritually
First, Jesus has risen from the dead bodily, not just spiritually. Some are willing to talk about the resurrection as a symbol of Jesus’
ongoing influence or his spirit alive in the world or his soul returning to God. That is not John’s point. The body was not there. He
had risen bodily. In fact, one of the most striking and stubborn historical facts is that the enemies of Jesus and of Christianity in those
first days and weeks and months in Jerusalem could not produce the body. That would have ended the whole thing. There was no
dead body, because Jesus was raised bodily.

2. Like the Body That Died—But Not Exactly
Second, this body was not exactly like the body that died, and yet it was like the body that died. There is continuity and
discontinuity. This is important because the resurrection of Jesus in the New Testament is viewed as the firstfruits of the harvest of
the resurrection of all Christians. As Paul put it: “Christ the firstfruits, then at his coming those who belong to Christ” (1 Corinthians
15:23).
The point of saying the linen cloths were there, and even mentioning the cloth that was bound around his face, is probably to show
how this resurrection was different from Lazarus’ resurrection. Recall from chapter 11 that Jesus raised Lazarus after he had been
dead four days. And John 11:44 it says, “The man who had died came out, his hands and feet bound with linen strips, and his face
wrapped with a cloth. Jesus said to them, “Unbind him, and let him go.”

Different from Lazarus
People had to help Lazarus out of the linen strips and face covering. That’s because he had a mortal body. He would die again.
After the resurrection, Jesus did not have mortal body. He would never die again. “We know that Christ, being raised from the
dead, will never die again” (Romans 6:9). Jesus’ body is different. He simply passed through those grave cloths the way he passed
through doors in John 20:19 and 26. “Although the doors were locked, Jesus came and stood among them” (John 20:26). But at
that very moment of entering the room like no ordinary body can, he says to doubting Thomas, “Put your finger here, and see my
hands; and put out your hand, and place it in my side. Do not disbelieve, but believe” (John 20:27). This was a physical body that
you could recognize, and touch. And Luke tells us he ate fish after he had risen (Luke 24:43).


                                           File: 2009 04 12_Desiring God_I Have Seen the Lord.pdf
                                          URL: https://www.desiringgod.org/messages/i-have-seen-the-lord
Why It Matters
If you think this does not matter to you, remember, those who are in Christ—that is, who believe on him, and belong to him, and
receive forgiveness and reconciliation from him—will be raised with him. And Paul says in Philippians 3:21 that Jesus “will transform
our lowly body to be like his glorious body, by the power that enables him even to subject all things to himself.” This is not a UFO,
or irrelevant life on another galaxy. This is what will happen when God judges the world by a man, Jesus Christ.
If you belong to him by faith in him, you will receive a body like his, which will be suited to see him and enjoy him and enter finally
into the new heavens and the new earth where you will spend eternity admiring God in all that he has made. And this world that we
love so much, compared to that one, will be like a candle compared to the sun.

Do You See?
Here’s the issue: Do you see? In verse 8 it says, “Then the other disciple [John], who had reached the tomb first, also went in, and
he saw and believed” (John 20:8). What did he see? What did he believe? Jesus wasn’t there—just some cloths that he left behind.
Compare this to Mary in verse 18: She has met Jesus in the garden and spoken to him. She returns to the disciples and says, “I have
seen the Lord” (John 20:18). We don’t have Mary’s direct evidence. We are more like John in the tomb—there is evidence, and
either we see through it or we don’t. The issue is: Do you see?

The Witness Has Become a Window
Let me close with an analogy. Your doorbell rings this afternoon and one of your friends asks to talk to you. He comes and says, “I
have some really bad news. Your brother Jim is dead.”
And you say, shaking your head, “I don’t believe it. I just saw him this morning. He was fine. I don’t believe it. It can’t be.”
And your friend says, “We went to the game together, and as we were leaving, this car went out of control and jumped the curb,
and hit Jim. I knelt over him. I waited for the medical examiner. I saw it. He’s gone.”
And you say, softly, “I see.”
What do you mean, “I see”? You mean that the witness of your friend has become a window. And the reality in the window has
become plain. You were not there. You did not see (the way Mary saw), but still you say—and it is right to say—with all your
heart, “I see.”

“I Have Seen the Lord”
God has brought you here for this message and for this Scripture and for this story of the resurrection of Jesus and this witness. And
my prayer for you, as we close is that you will now or very soon, by God’s grace, say, “I see.”
There is one main difference between Jesus and my illustration: He’s alive. It is as though another messenger crashes through the
door while you are crying and says, “Jim’s alive. I talked to him.” That’s what Mary said, “I have seen the Lord.”
John Piper (@JohnPiper) is founder and teacher of Desiring God and chancellor of Bethlehem College and Seminary. For 33 years,
he served as pastor of Bethlehem Baptist Church, Minneapolis, Minnesota. He is author of more than 50 books, including Desiring
God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist and most recently Foundations for Lifelong Learning: Education in Serious Joy.

 Series: The Gospel of John

New Resources
in Your Inbox
A digest from Desiring God
   Daily
   Weekly
Email Address                   Subscribe


                                          File: 2009 04 12_Desiring God_I Have Seen the Lord.pdf
                                         URL: https://www.desiringgod.org/messages/i-have-seen-the-lord
God is most glorified in us
when we are most satisfied in him
Learn more about Desiring God


Ways to Follow

Follow Desiring God on Facebook

Follow Desiring God on Instagram

Follow Desiring God on Twitter

Follow Desiring God on YouTube

New Resources in Your Inbox
   Daily
   Weekly
Email Address               Subscribe

Translations Permissions Privacy Give


                                         File: 2009 04 12_Desiring God_I Have Seen the Lord.pdf
                                        URL: https://www.desiringgod.org/messages/i-have-seen-the-lord
