{"created_utc": "2026-09-12T03:51:14Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 248837, "source_ctime_ns": 1788523772748966824, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2010-11-00_Nova-Religio---Revisionism-in-ET-inspired-religions---Thomas.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788523772740111251, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2010-11-00_Nova-Religio---Revisionism-in-ET-inspired-religions---Thomas.pdf", "source_sha256": "092ef007613e04f4184d856b9b51d3f3627e65d6b17abaaaf0aaee622e79caec"}

Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions
Author(s): Paul Brian Thomas
Reviewed work(s):
Source: Nova Religio: The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions, Vol. 14, No. 2
(November 2010), pp. 61-83
Published by: University of California Press
Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/10.1525/nr.2010.14.2.61 .
Accessed: 08/05/2012 06:54

Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at .
http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp

JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of
content in a trusted digital archive. We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms
of scholarship. For more information about JSTOR, please contact support@jstor.org.


                University of California Press is collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to Nova
                Religio: The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions.


http://www.jstor.org
                              Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions


                                               Paul Brian Thomas


                        ABSTRACT: By utilizing the textual products of extraterrestrial-inspired
                        religious thinkers like George Van Tassel, Raël, and Patricia Cori, as well
                        as related materials by Erich von Däniken and Zecharia Sitchin, this
                        article explores the concept of revisionism in ET-inspired religions. The
                        authors examined in this article reread ancient religious texts, especially
                        the Bible, as containing evidence of extraterrestrial influence in the
                        course of human history. The anatomy of this “drive to revise” human
                        history is explored, including an examination of how an improvisational
                        millenarianism combines with a cultic milieu suspicious of authority and
                        hegemonic narratives, and the conspiratorial intellectual maverick
                        willing to work with “stigmatized” knowledge to produce narratives that
                        are highly critical and suspicious of established intellectual authorities
                        and procedures.


                    P
                           atricia Cori, author and channel for the inhabitants of the Sirian
                           star system, writes in her 2009 text The Starseed Dialogues: Soul
                           Searching the Universe, “Wherever humankind has faced prosecu-
                    tion [sic] for free thought, it was most often necessary to bury the pro-
                    found revelations in code, contained within the hidden scriptures of
                    the greatest written texts of your present awareness: the Bible, the
                    Koran, the Torah, and all the books of ancient religions.”1 As a propo-
                    nent of what I will term an extraterrestrial-inspired religion (hereafter
                    ETI religions),2 Cori’s statement captures essential elements of the revi-
                    sionist mindset evident in much of the written work that emerges from
                    ETI religious communities. For Patricia Cori, and other authors of ETI
                    religious materials, humanity has been held in ignorance. Enlightenment
                    occurs through refashioning and revising human history so that the
                    true nature of life on Earth may be illuminated, particularly through

                    Nova Religio: The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions, Volume 14, Issue 2, pages
                    61–83, ISSN 1092-6690 (print), 1541-8480 (electronic). © 2010 by The Regents of the
                    University of California. All rights reserved. Please direct all requests for permission to
                    photocopy or reproduce article content through the University of California Press’s
                    Rights and Permissions website, at http://www.ucpressjournals.com/reprintinfo.asp.
                    DOI: 10.1525/nr.2010.14.2.61

                                                                                                           61


NR1402_06.indd 61                                                                                             9/21/10 10:27 AM
             Nova Religio

             alternative readings of our most cherished religious texts. Examination
             of materials inspired by ETI religious perspectives demonstrates that the
             revision of human history molded from ETI religions has a structure—
             an anatomy of revision—that is contextualized by historical setting and
             includes an improvisational millennialism breeding a suspicion of
             authoritative narratives while glorifying the intellectual maverick who
             works with stigmatized knowledge in a pronounced conspiratorial
             framework.3

                                   Acronym Acrobatics

                 As they are commonly used, the terms UFO religion and UFO-
             related religion are misnomers. Taken quiet literally, the term implies
             religious perspectives related to unidentified flying objects. However, as
             the terminology is commonly evoked, UFO-related religions also in-
             clude religious perspectives wherein there is no actual contact with a
             UFO, but instead channeled messages or some other form of contact
             with extraterrestrial entities. As the UFO is not common to all these
             religious perspectives, but the ET (in some form) is, then the term ETI
             religions is used here as the more inclusive term.
                 ETI religion is an umbrella term meant to include the widely recog-
             nized and formally structured religious organizations like Heaven’s Gate
             and the International Raëlian Movement (hereafter Raëlians) as well as
             the lesser institutionalized religious perspectives represented by authors
             like Patricia Cori and Gene Andrade (author of Star Wisdom: Principles
             of Pleiadian Spirituality, 1997). Unlike Marshall Applewhite, founder of
             Heaven’s Gate, or Raël, neither Cori nor Andrade head established reli-
             gious communities. Rather, they share their spiritual insights with inter-
             ested readers through the publication of books and websites. Though
             authors like Cori have no formal connection with organized ETI reli-
             gious groups, their writing and spiritual insights, nonetheless, are similar
             to those found in more formalized ETI religions.
                 A dissection of the anatomy of revision in ETI religions is not, nor
             can it be, solely limited to groups and authors who are explicitly reli-
             gious in nature. For example, there are many affinities between the ETI
             religions under scrutiny here and people sometimes called ancient as-
             tronaut theorists, like Zecharia Sitchin (b. 1922) who speculates that
             myths about ancient gods and goddesses contain hidden clues that
             these deities are mythologized ancient astronauts.4 There is a certain
             cross-pollination of ideas between many of these authors and, at its
             broadest level, the authors discussed below. Patricia Cori, Gene Andrade,
             George Van Tassel, Raël, Zecharia Sitchin and Erich von Däniken,
             among others, share a compulsion to reformulate human history, and
             more specifically, to reinterpret religious texts in light of a reformulated
             history. It is this desire to revise in which I am most interested.


             62


NR1402_06.indd 62                                                                           9/21/10 10:27 AM
                                                   Thomas: Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions

                                    Revisionism: What’s in a Term?

                        The manner in which terminology is employed to describe the exe-
                    getical activities of religious groups like those described in this article is
                    important because language can subtly introduce, mask, or reveal ex-
                    plicit or implied biases as it relates to the hermeneutical activities of
                    these groups. The importance of this issue as it relates to the textual
                    products of ETI religions is partly illustrated by statements such as the
                    following, appearing on the Heaven’s Gate website, but widely echoed
                    by others writing in this genre. Concerning the Bible, the website claims,
                    “A great percentage of the materials have been corrupted by mistransla-
                    tions and councils of so-called scholars.”5 Such sentiments suggest that
                    one of the central issues concerning the interpretation of ancient texts
                    like the Bible is the production of contested readings. Interpreters like
                    Marshall Applewhite understand the controversial nature of their read-
                    ings of religious texts and that they participate in an ongoing struggle
                    concerning “truth” and “falsehood” as it relates to these texts. Thus, the
                    language used to describe their own exegetical activities, and the terms
                    employed by others with different readings, all participate in this struggle
                    for meaning.
                        For instance, it would be easy to look at the manner in which
                    Applewhite reads the Bible and conclude that he is “inventing” mate-
                    rial. Many would agree that to invent something requires a great deal of
                    ingenuity, and to argue that the Bible is actually a record of ET and
                    human contact is certainly an ingenious assertion requiring inventive
                    skill and imagination. However, there are other notions implied by the
                    term invent, including the conception that to invent implies the cre-
                    ation of something new and useful that did not exist beforehand. Rarely
                    do the ETI religions examined here engage in this type of wholesale
                    invention. In addition, issues of perspective are raised by the concept of
                    invention, for it is often thought that the person who invents something
                    may be viewed as engaged in a process of fabrication, or “making things
                    up.” When dealing with novel interpretations of widely respected reli-
                    gious texts, this rather negative connotation is nearly unavoidable.
                    Here, fabrication assumes an etic perspective, bringing the motives of
                    the “fabricator” into question and subtly casting dispersions upon the
                    legitimacy of his or her interpretations. In this respect, to fabricate is to
                    produce something false and/or improbable. Nonetheless, there is an-
                    other sense is which the term fabrication is applicable, if taken to imply
                    the process of constructing something from diverse, but standardized
                    parts. Applied to the interpretations of the Bible offered by ETI reli-
                    gions, the fabrication process would include the combining of already
                    existing parts of sacred texts into readings that are new products.
                        As the following pages demonstrate, many ETI religious thinkers
                    view themselves as “restoring” a lost or repressed history that is reflected


                                                                                               63


NR1402_06.indd 63                                                                                9/21/10 10:27 AM
             Nova Religio

             in ancient religious texts. However, just as the term invention implies a
             specific ideological position as it relates to these contested reading, the
             term restoration denotes an emic perspective. In many ways the authors
             of ET-inspired religious materials understand their work in restorative
             terms by offering readings of ancient texts that, in their eyes, restores
             the initial experiences of the authors. Adopting such a perspective im-
             plies certain levels of partisan evaluation, contending that current read-
             ings of ancient texts like the Bible are corrupted and that what is offered
             is a reversion to a more pure, unimpaired, and original reading.
                  To describe the work of these interpreters as “revisionist” is poten-
             tially a more value-free description of how ETI religions produce their
             readings. Revision bridges the issues described above by implying a pre-
             existent something, in our case a text, that is amended and or altered,
             rather than being created ex nihilo. To revise implies something already
             in place upon which the revision is performed. In the case of many ETI
             religions, that role is filled by the Bible and other ancient religious
             texts. Moreover, unlike the terms invention and fabrication, revision is not
             as loaded with negative connotations. Nor is the concept of revision too
             accommodating to the works examined here whose authors view them-
             selves as rescuing a hidden, but more legitimate, exegesis of ancient
             religious texts.
                  Nonetheless, the terms revisionist and revisionism are difficult to quan-
             tify because critical use of this terminology compels one to grapple with
             the concept of history and the thornier issue of what constitutes histori-
             cal truth. As the historian Pierre Vidal-Naquet has written regarding
             Holocaust deniers, a particularly insidious form of revisionism, the mod-
             ern use of the term revisionist, in its positive or negative sense, always
             implies a critique of orthodoxy.6 There is, therefore, nothing less than
             the truth at stake for any side. Without attempting a formulation of what
             constitutes historical truth within the space of a single journal article, I
             do, at least, examine the tension between orthodox and unorthodox
             interpretations of history as well as the dogmatic nature of truth. Indeed,
             it is against the notion of what Paul Ricoeur called the regulating nature
             of truth that the writers examined below are reacting, “In its most unre-
             fined form, truth appears as a regulative idea, as the task of unifying
             knowledge. . . . It is the task of imposing unity on the diversity of our field
             of knowledge and of resolving differences of opinion. . . . Every claim to
             truth fosters a degree of dogmatism.”7
                  Many writers advocating an ETI religious perspective do not self-
             identify as historians, may not be trained in the methods of history,
             nor are they writing what an academically trained historian would
             consider legitimate historical analysis. It would, therefore, seem unfair
             to analyze their commentary in light of what constitutes modern his-
             toriography. Nonetheless, they do make historical claims about the
             world thus demonstrating a historical mindset at work, in the broadest


             64


NR1402_06.indd 64                                                                              9/21/10 10:27 AM
                                                   Thomas: Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions

                    sense of proposing reconstructions of past events. It is therefore rea-
                    sonable to analyze their understanding of history and how these think-
                    ers position themselves in relation to more mainstream academic
                    approaches to history.
                        In some ways there seems to be an incongruity between the respect
                    for the past discernible in ETI religions and the manner in which such
                    groups engage in revision of this past. As James R. Lewis and Olaf
                    Hammer have recently demonstrated, respect for the past and tinkering
                    with the past are not mutually exclusive practices. The New Age subcul-
                    tures from which ETI religions have emerged not only exhibit a great
                    deal of respect for tradition, they also place a high premium on innova-
                    tion. It is from the tension between holding these two values simultane-
                    ously that invented traditions are forged.8 Though, as outlined above,
                    the term invention has limited usefulness for the materials examined in
                    this article, the broader points made by Lewis and Hammer are well
                    taken. Among other things, maintaining a respect for the past provides
                    groups like the Raëlians with a sense of continuity, stability, and group
                    cohesion, while invented traditions confer a sense of legitimacy onto
                    the group and the innovator.9 This is, however, a view from the outside.
                    If one adopts the perspective of the insider, the invention of tradition
                    is less about invention, especially in the materials examined here, and
                    more about the restoration or recovery of something that has been lost
                    or forgotten. This restoration, what David G. Bromley and Douglas E.
                    Cowan call “discovery,” actually masks the process of invention from the
                    inventor. By using the language of restoration and rediscovery, the in-
                    ventor obscures his or her own role in inventing tradition thus “mystify-
                    ing” these social constructs.10
                        Authors associated with ETI religions and ancient astronaut theories
                    share a pronounced skepticism concerning “official” history. Some
                    claim that history is intentionally distorted while others claim it is simply
                    misunderstood. Both groups engage in a creative revision of the past
                    and a reimagination of religious texts like the Christian and Hebrew
                    Bibles. In addition, they share a fascination with origins and seek to
                    reconstruct a mythology of origins. So, not only is this work one about
                    the construction of religious worlds, it is equally about the revision of
                    history in service of the creation of a modern mythology.

                                      The bricolage of Revision

                       ETI religions are millenarian in character and the millenarian char-
                    acteristics of these groups impacts the manner in which they contem-
                    plate and relate to received historical traditions. Specifically, the
                    perspective that those writing ETI religious materials take toward his-
                    tory and the construction of historical knowledge is a consequence of
                    what Michael Barkun calls “improvisational millenarianism.” According


                                                                                              65


NR1402_06.indd 65                                                                               9/21/10 10:27 AM
             Nova Religio

             to Barkun, improvisational millenarianism tends toward the eclectic,
             and engages in “undisciplined borrowing” in order to create new and
             unusual belief systems.11 Improvisational millenarianism is a bricolage
             wherein certain categories of knowledge govern the construction of
             extemporaneous narratives. The first is what Barkun titles “rejected
             knowledge.” Rejected knowledge is that which has been marginalized
             by the cultural hegemony. This rejection can occur through simple
             neglect, or outright rejection.12
                 A related category is “stigmatized knowledge,” knowledge that had
             not only been rejected but intentionally marginalized including, “claims
             to truth that the claimants regard as verified despite the marginalization
             of those claims by the institutions that conventionally distinguish be-
             tween knowledge and error.”13 There are, according to Barkun, several
             types of stigmatized knowledge, the most important for revisionist nar-
             ratives being: (1) forgotten knowledge that was once known, but has
             since been lost or forgotten through faulty memory or cataclysm; and
             (2) suppressed knowledge describing claims that are known to be true,
             but are intentionally suppressed by institutions that fear the results of
             widespread acceptance of the suppressed knowledge.14 The focus in
             improvisational millenarian groups upon stigmatized, rejected, and
             suppressed knowledge predisposes these groups to revisionist attitudes.
             Revisionism, as manifested in these groups, is about the very things
             Barkun identified as characteristics of improvisational millennialism—
             marginalization and cultural hegemony—because the revisionist’s newly
             reclaimed knowledge of the past has been stigmatized and suppressed
             according to the purposes of those in power. The objective is to appro-
             priate stigmatized and repressed knowledge as recovered truths while,
             at the same time, exposing those structures, institutions, and individuals
             implicit in the repression of knowledge.
                 Literary critic Harold Bloom examined the concept of revisionism
             in a book entitled Agon: Towards a Theory of Revision. He considers how
             revisionism manifests itself in struggles for truth and maintains that
             revisionism is a contest for supremacy.15 In other words, the act of usur-
             pation that is revisionism is a power play. It is a battle over contested
             readings and a struggle for control, not only over the facts of history,
             but concerning the very nature of truth itself. The genesis of these
             struggles stem from anxiety. Both ancient astronaut theorists and the
             founders of ETI religions were reared in contexts of epistemological
             crisis in which the very basis of authority and knowledge were ques-
             tioned. For the revisionist, anxiety inspires preemptive moves toward
             refashioning knowledge, but it is also a defensive strategy.16 One of the
             terms that Bloom uses to describe revision is “misprision” or “strong
             misreading.”17 Revision is therefore about the use of reading, or reread-
             ing, in the service of usurpation, Bloom writes, “We read to usurp, just
             as the poet writes to usurp . . . a place, a stance, a fullness, and illusion


             66


NR1402_06.indd 66                                                                            9/21/10 10:27 AM
                                                  Thomas: Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions

                    of identification or possession; something we can call our own or even
                    ourselves.”18 If this is true, then revisionism is preemptive in that it
                    strikes at the foundations of opposing “truth,” while remaining defen-
                    sive in that revision is practiced in support of what are viewed as mar-
                    ginalized positions.
                        Revisionist material found in ETI religions commonly seeks to re-
                    vise biblical accounts of the origin of humanity into a narrative that
                    includes contact, observance by, or interference on the part of alien
                    intelligences. One notable effort to revise biblical narrative was made
                    by American contactee George Van Tassel (1910–1978), founder of the
                    Ministry of Universal Wisdom. In 1952 Van Tassel claimed to have es-
                    tablished a telepathic connection with an extraterrestrial known as
                    Ashtar (from which many other groups focused upon the communica-
                    tions of Ashtar are ultimately derived). As Christopher Helland points
                    out, this esoteric form of communication was a new form of contact
                    (rooted in Theosophical traditions), the mystical nature of which
                    George Van Tassel minimized. Rather than adopting the role of an in-
                    novator, Van Tassel viewed himself in revisionist terms, maintaining
                    that the channeled messages from Ashtar were simply an expansion of
                    already accepted ideas.19
                        Van Tassel’s unique form of biblical interpretation foreshadowed the
                    efforts of authors like Erich von Däniken and Zecharia Sitchin.20 Van
                    Tassel argued that the Bible is a record of extraterrestrial activity on
                    Earth and that the true history of humanity is hidden within its pages.
                    In the work titled Into This World and Out Again (1956), Van Tassel shares
                    his reinterpretation of human history based upon truths revealed in
                    scripture. This text is Van Tassel’s revision of biblical narrative and is
                    presented as a conversation between the extraterrestrial Bor and a
                    young student named Abon. Van Tassel writes, “We live fractured lives,
                    divided into countries, many languages and creeds, all subject to misin-
                    terpretation. There is a separation of science and religion that should
                    be fixed.”21 The question then becomes, why is this the state of things?
                    Why has humanity fallen from a more pure, or perfect, state of being?
                    These are questions that a revised myth of origins seeks to answer for
                    those in ETI religions.
                        To provide an answer Van Tassel revises the Genesis story of the origin
                    of woman and the fallen state of humanity. In this revision, Van Tassel
                    focuses on an entity named LORD God introduced into the storyline in
                    Genesis 2.22 LORD God and God are different entities (a claim many
                    biblical scholars would concur with as there is a documentary seam be-
                    tween Genesis 1 and 2 that is signified, in part, by an abrupt change in
                    the name of God). Instead of being divine, LORD God is of the so-called
                    Adamic race, the original extraterrestrial colonists of Shan (Earth).
                        The Adamic race brought no women to Earth, so, the Adamic LORD
                    God created woman because the members of the colony were lonely.23


                                                                                            67


NR1402_06.indd 67                                                                             9/21/10 10:27 AM
             Nova Religio

             The resulting creation, the race of Eve, is the highest animal form on
             Earth but is of a lesser stature than the Adamic race. Lacking reason to
             feel lonely any longer, the Adamic race crossbred with the race of Eve
             and produced the flawed human race. Van Tassel notes that according
             to Bor, this crossbreeding violated the injunction against mating outside
             one’s own kind.24
                 Here Van Tassel is playing with the violation of boundaries evident
             in Genesis 6:1–4 in which angels mate with human women, resulting in
             monstrous offspring (giants), creatures who also violate a number of
             categories (most especially categories related to size). Of the Genesis
             narratives, the sustained focus upon Genesis 6:1–4 demonstrates that
             this text is a lynchpin for ETI revision of the Bible. Genesis 6:1–4 lends
             itself to such speculation because of its unusual and threadbare story—
             making it rather mysterious and resistant to definitive interpretation,
             even by seasoned biblical scholars. According to these passages, the
             sons of God descend from the heavens to mate with the daughters of
             men, producing, as their offspring, “the fallen ones” (Hebrew nephilim),
             sometimes translated as giants. The offspring of this unholy union
             wreaked havoc upon the Earth, leaving God with no option but to wipe
             the slate clean with a worldwide flood and, in essence, start over.
                 The vagueness of the passage, as well as uncertainties regarding the
             proper translation of Hebrew terms like nephilim, has inspired myriad
             interpretations even among biblical scholars. In the hands of UFO revi-
             sionists, the descent of the sons of God is understood as a literal descent
             of superior beings from the skies that should be interpreted as extrater-
             restrial visitation. The employment of this type of euhemerism, derived
             from the Greek writer Euhemerus, who argued that the gods of Greek
             mythology are really just deified humans, is standard fare in the works
             examined here. Following a euhemeristic model, interpreters like
             George Van Tassel conclude that the myths of Genesis are not myths at
             all (derived from an unsophisticated understanding of myth as untrue
             stories set in a fictional past), but are loosely based upon real events in
             the real lives of people. Following Jung, many commentators have noted
             that such readings reflect an effort to create a modern, technological
             mythology. It is therefore ironic that, in the creation of this modern
             mythology, these commentators go to great lengths to demythologize
             the text by attempting to naturalize its most mythological elements by
             turning angels into ETs and divine-human sexual encounters into ge-
             netic experimentation.
                 In Van Tassel’s revision of Genesis 6:1–4, the offspring of this illegiti-
             mate mating between the Adamic race and the race of Eve are flawed,
             in this case the monstrosity is the possession of the physical bodies of
             humankind, rather than the gigantism described in the Bible. “This is
             the reason,” Bor says, “the Earthlings have a physical . . . counterfeit
             body,” thus indicating the improper mixing of categories represented


             68


NR1402_06.indd 68                                                                             9/21/10 10:27 AM
                                                  Thomas: Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions

                    by the union of the Adamic race and the race of Eve resulted in a state
                    of existence that was less than desirable.25 In describing the physical
                    bodies of Earthlings as counterfeit, interpreters like Van Tassel are tap-
                    ping into anxieties about authenticity. The events described in Genesis
                    6:1–4 naturally lend themselves to a discourse about what is authenti-
                    cally human, as the mixing of the human with the non-human in the
                    narrative results in monsters (following a translation of nephilim as gi-
                    ants). Just as the mixing of the divine and the human violates the natu-
                    ral order in Genesis, so to, according to Van Tassel, does the mixing of
                    the extraterrestrial with the human upset idealized categories. He wants
                    the reader to understand that the reality we perceive is not the ideal
                    reality, our existence is a fallen existence, and only the knowledge of
                    our true extraterrestrial heritage can deliver us to a more authentic
                    existence. We need rescuing, Van Tassel argues, for in the intervening
                    millennia humanity has continued to decline to the point that we mod-
                    erns now find ourselves on the brink of destruction. According to Van
                    Tassel, Bor claims, “They [Earthlings] are on the verge of a war which
                    could wipe out every living thing in their level.”26
                        In his examination of the concept of origins, Mircea Eliade once
                    discussed the constructed sense of disconnection and distance that
                    modern civilized life has from the heavily idealized “origins” repre-
                    sented by the “good savage.” This idealization of origins is a modern
                    condition that has inspired many in ETI religions to decry the fallen
                    state of humanity and its need for purification and/or rescue. This is a
                    feature of ETI mythology others have pointed out, and one that, in its
                    many manifestations, relies upon Jung’s seminal work on UFOs and his
                    description of extraterrestrials arriving on UFOs as “technological
                    angels.”27 Not only does this speak to the salvific role of these entities,
                    as demonstrated by people like George Van Tassel and groups like the
                    Raëlians and Heaven’s Gate, it also illustrates the syncretism between
                    modern technology and, in the words of Andreas Grünschloß, this “neo-
                    mythic activity.”28 These technological angels, aliens, and extraterrestri-
                    als, are here with a message of hope lest we destroy ourselves through
                    nuclear annihilation, or, in more recent updates, from environmental
                    destruction.29
                        Contemplation of humanity on the edge of destruction influences
                    the deep-seated need for ETI religionists to reformulate and revise
                    myths of origin. The recital of myths of origin has the “power to estab-
                    lish and ensure the continuity of human life”30 and, in the words of
                    Eliade, a return to origins provides hope for rebirth.31 In the telling of
                    these myths, “the anxiety of man, perpetually in danger, leading a pre-
                    carious life in a precarious world” finds expression.32 It is, therefore,
                    instructive that many writing ETI religious materials begin with a retell-
                    ing or recital of origins, the story often culminating in the hope that
                    extraterrestrials are going to intervene before destruction or that


                                                                                            69


NR1402_06.indd 69                                                                             9/21/10 10:27 AM
             Nova Religio

             humanity is on the verge of an intellectual and spiritual breakthrough
             that will effectively end many of the problems of the current age.
                 Such is the millenarian vision of Raël (Claude Vorilhon b. 1946),
             who has also reinterpreted the Genesis narrative to include extrater-
             restrial contact. According to Raël, as related to him by Jahweh, an alien
             visitor he encountered in southern France, the Elohim of Genesis were
             actually visitors from another planet who came to Earth for experimen-
             tal purposes. For the Elohim, the Earth was a giant laboratory wherein
             each of Earth’s races was created by a team of creators. The most suc-
             cessful team was team Israel, who managed to create a paradise and the
             “most intelligent” of the races. Disregarding the racism implied by
             Raël’s revision, it turns out that this intelligent race posed a threat to
             their creators. Raël relates that Genesis preserves this threat, and the
             response of the Elohim, in the metaphorical injunction placed upon
             Adam and Eve not to eat of the Tree of Knowledge. In Raël’s mythology,
             the Tree of Knowledge symbolizes scientific knowledge that had to be
             kept from early humans. However, the scientific team loved their cre-
             ation to such a degree that they ignored earlier fears about the advance-
             ment of humanity and strove to teach early humans about science
             anyway. Thus enlightened, the young humans were angry with their
             creators regarding this period of forced ignorance.33 In Raël’s revision,
             the exiled creators of the Israelites, now stuck on Earth, fill the role of
             the sons of God in Genesis 6:1–4 by taking the most beautiful of the
             human women as wives.34 Mirroring the biblical account, the offspring
             of these unions were threatening, “their evil was their will to progress,”
             so the experiment in creation had to be destroyed.35

                            Amassing the academic aparatus

                Reading to usurp combined with the cultural context of the 1960s
             and 1970s created a serendipitous convergence that would prove in-
             fluential for those informing and creating ETI religions. Extreme
             doubt and extensive revisionism are both features of Erich von
             Däniken’s Chariots of the Gods? (1970). A full understanding of Von
             Däniken’s skepticism must take into account the cultural context
             within which people like himself and later, Zecharia Sitchin (b. 1922),
             were writing. Von Däniken’s landmark paleo-SETI work Chariots of the
             Gods? was published in 1968.36 Sitchin published The 12th Planet in
             1976. James R. Lewis suggests the importance the cultural context of
             the 1960s had upon these works. Taking, as Lewis does, ancient astro-
             naut theorists as part of the New Age movement (an assertion many
             ancient astronaut theorists would strongly object to because they seek
             to distance their work from those with religious agendas),37 then the
             epistemological foundation of ancient astronaut theories comes into
             sharper focus.


             70


NR1402_06.indd 70                                                                          9/21/10 10:27 AM
                                                   Thomas: Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions

                        The cultural context of the 1960s and the emergence of the New
                    Age is, in many ways, a result of the so-called “cultic milieu.” The cultic
                    milieu describes an ever-present social environment from which alter-
                    native religious movements are likely to emerge—what Colin Campbell
                    called the “cultural underground of society.”38 It is a cultural under-
                    ground that includes all “deviant” (from the perspective of what
                    Campbell termed “orthodox culture”) belief systems and what Barkun
                    describes as the “collectivities, institutions, individuals and media of
                    communication associated with these beliefs” forming “a genuine sub-
                    culture rather than a mere intellectual or religious phenomenon.”39 Of
                    particular importance for this analysis is that the cultic milieu is suspi-
                    cious of authority and opposes dominant hegemonies.
                        The skepticism Von Däniken nurses toward hegemonic scholarship
                    regarding ancient history is undisguised in the pages of Chariots of the
                    Gods? For example, he states that “the classical method of research into
                    antiquity has got bogged down and so cannot come to the right unas-
                    sailable kind of conclusions. It is far too attached to its stereotyped pat-
                    tern of thought and leaves no scope for the imaginative ideas and
                    speculations which alone could produce a creative impulse.” 40
                    Stereotyped patterns of thought are precisely what many in the 1960s
                    sought to reveal. The baby-boom generation, reared in the suspicions
                    brewing in the cultic milieu of the 1950s and 1960s was one of the most
                    suspicious and educated generations America has ever produced.
                    Suspicion of authority, coupled with a high premium placed upon edu-
                    cation, is a hallmark of ETI religious material.41 To become a spokes-
                    person for a revised vision of history based upon alien contact, as Von
                    Däniken clearly sought to accomplish, not only required a hermeneu-
                    tics of suspicion, it also required, paradoxically, an application of the
                    tools of the scholarship being undermined.
                        Books like Sitchin’s The 12th Planet and Andrew Collins’ From the Ashes
                    of Angels (2001), among others, are written with a seemingly imposing
                    scholarly apparatus, citing sources, footnoting, and accompanied by a bib-
                    liography and an index. The emphasis upon the academic apparatus is
                    part of what Richard Hofstadter, writing about “the paranoid style,” called
                    a heroic striving for evidence and is a direct result of the extraordinary
                    nature of the claims made in the materials examined here.42 Such an ap-
                    paratus serves the important function of dressing what many in “orthodox
                    culture” would understand as irrational claims in rationalistic garb. The
                    extensive citation system and the lengthy bibliographies themselves then
                    become an integral element of the “overwhelming proof” marshaled by
                    the author in support of his or her claims. This amassing of proof, evident
                    itself in the academic apparatus, becomes part of the struggle for truth
                    that is part and parcel of the power play that revisionism implies.
                        The necessity of working with stigmatized knowledge makes the use
                    of the academic apparatus indispensable because it confers a level of


                                                                                             71


NR1402_06.indd 71                                                                              9/21/10 10:27 AM
             Nova Religio

             authority—though it is often a closed and self-referential type of au-
             thority.43 If one looks closely at the bibliographies of textual ETI materi-
             als, it is evident that this system of knowledge is, in many ways, a closed
             system. These authors go to great lengths to cite the works of other like-
             minded authors. This creates, as Michael Barkun has pointed out, an-
             other source of pseudoconfirmation as the more times a source is cited,
             the more true it must be.44
                 While the amassing of citations and bibliographic entries does much
             to shore up the author’s authority in the eyes of the reader, this practice
             also serves important legitimizing functions from the perspective of the
             author as well. Playing the part of the maverick tirelessly fighting in the
             marginalized domain of stigmatized knowledge can create a warrior’s
             mentality. These authors become the lonely voices in the wilderness
             who have, through tenacious study and timely insight, resisted a system
             that has duped the masses. By adopting this role, the authors in this
             genre of literature can play as saviors, fostering a sense of choseness and
             personal empowerment.45 This heroism is written into the genre, not
             only in the great striving for evidence, but also in the manner in which
             the prose is constructed. Books like Chariot of the Gods? or the collected
             works of Graham Hancock read like detective mysteries written in the
             first person.46 Gone is the impersonal narrator, he or she is replaced
             with the dissident breathlessly telling the reader what travails have been
             braved, what journeys have been taken (both mental and physical), and
             what dangers have been endured to reach the troubling conclusions
             hereby presented to the reader.
                 In the case of ancient astronaut theorists this produces an interest-
             ing tension because, despite relying on the scholarly apparatus, they
             seek to subvert what they view as hegemonic academia, the very system
             that utilizes the scholarly apparatus. Von Däniken is very exuberant in
             his calls to reject the legitimacy of “academic procedures and critical
             falsification.”47 Von Däniken, ever the skeptic, infuses his work with a
             sense of historical relativism and stringently demands revision, “We are
             entitled, indeed we ought, to doubt every accepted pattern of thought
             or working hypothesis, for if existing ideas are not called into question,
             research is at an end. So our historical past is only relatively true.”48 This
             quote illustrates that an important aspect of revision, of any type, is the
             motivating factor of doubt. Nonetheless, there is a broad spectrum
             spanning the distance between the level of doubt acceptable in the aca-
             demic discipline of history and the level of doubt that produces works
             like Von Däniken’s Chariots of the Gods? and Sitchen’s The 12th Planet.

                            communicating the conspiracy

                Many would agree that doubt and skepticism are useful traits to
             foster. Indeed, each forms the foundation for a critical system of


             72


NR1402_06.indd 72                                                                             9/21/10 10:27 AM
                                                   Thomas: Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions

                    intellectual checks and balances. However, in some written material
                    emerging from ETI religious perspectives, doubt and skepticism have
                    transformed into conspiratorial thinking. This tendency to engage in
                    conspiratorial thinking is also related to the millenarian characteristics
                    of ETI religions. Millennialist groups believe “that there will be an im-
                    minent transition to a collective salvation effected by superhuman
                    means with varying degrees of human cooperation.”49 Millennialist
                    worldviews, according to Barkun, tend toward conspiratorial thinking
                    because they operate within a dualistic framework wherein humanity is
                    caught in a struggle between the forces of light and dark.50 There are
                    two important functions conspiracy serves for such groups. First, con-
                    spiracy helps explain the relative unpopularity of millennialist ideas by
                    positing that evil forces actively work against them. Second, delay in the
                    arrival of the Endtime can be blamed upon the influence of secret
                    powers.51 In addition, there are three relevant elements of conspiratorial
                    thought: (1) nothing is accidental or random; (2) appearances belie the
                    truth, appearances are deceptive in order to deceive; and (3) everything
                    is connected in an omnipresent pattern largely hidden from view. These
                    characteristics inspire the drive to create a constant process of linkage
                    and correlation.52
                        A conspiratorial mindset is particularly evident in the work of Patricia
                    Cori. Patricia Cori describes herself as a clairvoyant, spirit guide, and is
                    the founder of the LightWorks Association of Rome. She also claims to
                    be a healer and scribe for the Speakers of the Sirian High Council. As
                    a prolific author, many of her books, including The Starseed Dialogues:
                    Soul Searching the Universe (2009), Atlantis Rising: The Struggle of Darkness
                    and Light (2008), and The Cosmos of the Soul: A Wake-Up Call for Humanity
                    (2008) purport to be a series of channeled messages from ascendant
                    beings of the Sirian star system delivered through Patricia Cori for the
                    benefit of humanity.53 The Sirian High Council is described as com-
                    posed of “light body beings” who have experienced the ascension of the
                    Sirian Star, Satais, known by our scientists as Sirius B.54 Living now in
                    the sixth dimension, the ascendant beings of the Sirian High Council
                    are reaching out to the residents of Earth, through their scribe Cori
                    (known to them as Trydjya), as Earth prepares to ascend from the third
                    to the fourth dimension.55
                        In the course of her channeled messages, Cori reveals that there has
                    been a vast conspiracy afoot for much of human history. The actual
                    history of the human race is far different than what most of us learn,
                    though clues to the true course of human events are evident in our
                    myths and sacred texts—provided they are read through a different
                    lens. According to Cori, for much of human history the inhabitants of
                    the planet Nebiru have worked behind the scenes to prevent us from
                    “realizing our starseed legacy.”56 It seems that the planet Nebiru, home
                    of the dastardly Annunaki, squandered its opportunity to ascend into


                                                                                              73


NR1402_06.indd 73                                                                               9/21/10 10:27 AM
             Nova Religio

             the fourth dimension. Nebiru was flung from its Sirian orbit and was
             captured by our sun and remains stuck in a long elliptical orbit be-
             tween the Sirian system and our sun that takes approximately 3,600
             years to complete.57 Whenever the long elliptical orbit brings Nebiru
             into contact with Earth, the Annunaki interfere in human affairs, seek-
             ing to slow the Earth’s vibration to match that of Nebiru with the ulti-
             mate goal of eventually piggybacking the Earth’s ascension in the
             fourth dimension.58
                 There is a great deal of revisionism that supports this conspiratorial
             thinking. Cori includes the now familiar, and fantastic, revised interpre-
             tation of Genesis 6:1–4, where the angelic sons of God mate with the
             daughters of men and produce hybrid offspring, by asserting that the
             Annunaki are the “sons of God” who interbred with Homo sapiens.59 This
             revision is, like others examined so far, about the undermining of hege-
             monic systems. It is, in the words of Howard Bloom, a misprision, a re-
             reading in order to usurp the narrative. Patricia Cori brings together a
             wide range of conspiracies in the construction of an eclectic millenarian
             narrative in order to cast doubt upon the legitimacy of traditional human
             history. Included in Cori’s far reaching conspiracy are assertions that
             there is a secret government controlled by the Annunaki that has its
             roots in Atlantis, this government has run experiments on humanity
             utilizing the AIDS virus, and that the Annunaki have ties with influential
             religious bodies like the Vatican.60 The inhabitants of Nebiru are respon-
             sible for our sense of powerlessness and for entrapping us in lower forms
             of consciousness, leading to survival fears which in turn lead to wars and
             conflicts.61 The whole system is designed to keep humanity in ignorance,
             demonstrating that the official narrative is not to be trusted.
                 At the heart of the issue is freedom and the fact that those in power
             collude to withhold from us our liberty. Thus, Cori claims, we delude
             ourselves if we think we are free when we are constantly manipulated
             through radio and television programming. “The Power looks upon you
             as a body of mindless sheep, to be led through the valley of possibilities
             to the safe lands of imposed thought, where you are guided to refuse
             and ridicule that which exists beyond the confines of convention, and
             to honor and defend all that falls under the umbrella of dogma.”62
                 Examples can be multiplied that reflect Patricia Cori’s sentiments.
             Elizabeth Clare Prophet (1939–2009), deceased leader of the The
             Summit Lighthouse and co-founder (with husband Mark L. Prophet)
             of The Church Universal and Triumphant, also found evidence of a
             conspiracy involving the mysterious nephilim of Genesis 6:4. According
             to Prophet, the world has been in the grips of the Watchers (of book of
             Enoch fame) and the nephilim for thousands of years. They are in places
             of power, are the forces behind war and finance, engage in population
             control, genetic engineering, and control energy, commodities, educa-
             tion, and the media.63


             74


NR1402_06.indd 74                                                                         9/21/10 10:27 AM
                                                   Thomas: Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions

                        Improvisational millennialism, with its revisionist and conspiratorial
                    framework, is also evident in the various expressions of Pledeiadian spir-
                    ituality. The various iterations of Pledeiadian spirituality have their ori-
                    gins in the experiences of Swiss contactee Eduard “Billy” Meier (b. 1937).
                    According to Meier, contact with enlightened, humanoid Plejarans
                    began at the age of five with a series of communications with a Plejaran
                    named Sfath. From 1953 through 1964, Meier describes being in contact
                    with a Plejaran named Asket, and then Semjase in 1975. Of these con-
                    tacts, only those beginning in 1975 are considered “official” in that those
                    contacts are supported by evidence (including his famous photographs
                    of Plejaran “beamships”) and are the most significant of his communica-
                    tions. In these latter communications, the Plejarans discussed human
                    history, spirituality, and organized religion in addition to delivering
                    prophecies regarding the future of humankind.64
                        Gene Andrade is a proponent of Pleiadian spirituality and has writ-
                    ten a text containing his insights entitled Star Wisdom: Principles of
                    Pleiadian Spirituality (1997). In Star Wisdom Andrade echoes many of the
                    same sentiments examined thus far. Earning particular ire from both
                    Meier and Andrade are the so-called Giza Intelligences (so-named after
                    their hideout, they are also known as the Bafath). The Bafath actually
                    share a common Lyrian/Vegan ancestry with the Pledeians, and have
                    had various colonizing efforts on Earth over the past 22 million years.
                    Their motives and intentions are far more malevolent than their distant
                    Pledeian relatives. According to Andrade, the Bafath are responsible for
                    dominating and controlling Adolf Hitler, perpetrating the “miracle” of
                    Fatima (1917) hoax, and are even responsible for creating the Baha’i
                    religion in an effort to facilitate world domination.65 If enough discord
                    and chaos are introduced into the world, then humanity will be more
                    likely to welcome the Bafath as saviors.
                        The works of these authors suggest issues concerning dogma and
                    the regulating nature of truth. What we find in ETI religions that seek
                    to modify, and even deny, standard academic historical conclusions is a
                    reaction against the disciplining effect history has upon memory. They
                    seek, in other words, to uncover a memory not held in check by history.
                    If history creates the standards about what ought to be remembered,
                    and how, the authors of ETI religious materials seek to shake off the
                    fetters of history in order to free, following Paul Ricoeur, the wilder
                    nature of memory.66

                                        The masters of revision

                       An area of congruity between ETI religions and ancient astronaut
                    theorists is a shared perspective that humanity has been held in igno-
                    rance, according to various means, regarding the true history of hu-
                    mankind and the existence of extraterrestrial life among us and in the


                                                                                             75


NR1402_06.indd 75                                                                              9/21/10 10:27 AM
             Nova Religio

             universe. Thus, Van Tassel records Bor as saying in Into This World and
             Out Again that, “the only records available to their common people are
             misinterpreted, in most cases, by those who have not understood the
             laws of nature.”67 This reflects a nearly constant refrain in Von Däniken’s
             Chariot of the Gods? as represented by Von Däniken’s assertion that the
             scientific establishment has been far too attached to stereotypical forms
             of thought.68 Raël explains that the forced ignorance of humanity is a
             result of fear that those created by the Elohim would become superior
             to their creators and would thus become a threat. Therefore, advanced
             scientific knowledge was kept from human hands.69
                 Revealing that which is hidden or teaching a hidden knowledge
             brings us to the Gnostic flavor of these works. Though simplified, those
             familiar with Gnosticism know that its central tenant is that revealed
             knowledge is salvific. Through revealed knowledge, escape from the
             falsehoods of this existence are possible. What are authors like Patricia
             Cori and Erich von Däniken offering, if it is not a type of salvation and
             an opening of the eyes through a revealing of suppressed knowledge?
             Through his revisionary works Von Däniken attempts to free the reader
             from the dogmatic and flawed structures of institutions. Groups like
             Heaven’s Gate and the Raëlians also offer salvation, though of a differ-
             ent degree, by revealing humanity’s hidden origins and how those ori-
             gins predetermined our present situation. In the Heaven’s Gate group,
             this gnosis allowed for individual ascendancy beyond the confined and
             restricted life here on Earth. In the writings of Van Tassel, the extrater-
             restrial Bor also offers freedom, heretofore repressed through the
             forced ignorance of humanity.
                 Von Däniken works to set himself apart from dominant academics
             when he rails against a received scholarship that is too narrow in focus
             and too conservative in its questioning. By reversing his relationship to
             these authorities, whom we are led to assume are traditionally trained
             academic anthropologists and historians, he is attempting to subvert a
             dominant paradigm. In the struggle over the truth, claims and counter-
             claims of inaccuracy fly. Barry Downing, in The Bible and Flying Saucers
             (1997), is a critic of what he terms “honesty” in biblical scholarship.
             Downing entertains the possibility that the Bible is a record of alien
             contact. In doing so, he points a long gray finger at those demythologiz-
             ers, like Rudolf Bultmann (1884–1976) and James Pike (1913–1969),
             who demanded intellectual honesty in accepting that the modern sci-
             entific worldview has little room for the mythical elements of Christian
             faith.70 By relativizing the concepts of honesty and truth, Downing is
             able to carve a foothold for his revisionist theories and writes, “A blind
             man may with all honesty maintain that light does not exist; men who
             can see light will perhaps commend the honesty of the blind man, but
             they will wish that he were more concerned with the truth about the
             existence of light.”71 He continues to undermine the very credibility of


             76


NR1402_06.indd 76                                                                          9/21/10 10:27 AM
                                                  Thomas: Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions

                    the idea and certainty of truth by pointing out that both science and
                    theology are relatively true, that is, true within certain limits.72 This
                    move, in light of the standards of the historical method, lessens
                    Downing’s burden of proof. A redefinition of evidential standards is
                    also evident in the revisionist work of Michael Baigent, Richard Leigh,
                    and Henry Lincoln. Holy Blood, Holy Grail (1983) which was constructed
                    on a method the authors termed “synthesis.” According to their method
                    of synthesis, if the authors can imagine that a scenario is plausible or
                    possible, then they proceed to build conclusions upon the plausible
                    scenario as if it were established fact.73 For both Downing and Baigent,
                    et. al., dealing with probabilities opens the playing field and broadens
                    the range of interpretation while offering some protection against crit-
                    ical falsification.
                         The relationship between historians and revisionists is often antago-
                    nistic. When revisionists gain the attention of historians, as Holocaust
                    deniers have done in recent years, a frequent plan of attack is to ques-
                    tion the methods and accuracy of the revisionist work.74 As historians,
                    we misunderstand this “drive to revise” if we critique it solely in terms
                    of method and accuracy. The ultimate goal of revisionism is not one of
                    accuracy. In fact, as Bloom points out, the goal of the revising mind is
                    to avoid the habits of accuracy. The habits of accuracy are the para-
                    digms of established academia, a model that, according to ancient as-
                    tronaut theorists, has failed. It is only by viewing the world outside the
                    established parameters of academia that the revisionist can read imagi-
                    natively, reveal what a narrative hides, find the holes in the narrative,
                    and discern why the narrative excludes what it does.75
                         Because this type of revisionism is an imaginative and creative enter-
                    prise that seeks to shake off institutionalized forms of thinking, it is
                    filled with autonomy and novelty.76 Of course, revisionists do not regard
                    their work in such terms. Neither Von Däniken, nor Raël, would view
                    themselves as engaging in a creative process; creative in the way that a
                    writer of fiction invents a story. Nevertheless, revisionism is as much
                    about destruction as it is about creation and invention. Bloom uses the
                    words of Emerson, “that we had to see as though no one . . . ever had
                    seen before us.”77 A certain sense of confidence is required, for the re-
                    visionist (following Bloom’s example in poetry) never asks “am I getting
                    this poem right? Strong reading knows that what it does to the poem is
                    right.”78 This confidence allows for innovation and provides the courage
                    to build a new revised narrative from the skeleton of the old.
                         The revisionist therefore adopts the role of maverick. Revisionism is
                    dangerous work and the author who treads the ground of stigmatized
                    knowledge sees him or herself as a figure of courage and bravery. To
                    find examples of such bravado, one need look no further than the titles
                    of some recent works in the genre. For example, Andrew Collin’s recent
                    work From the Ashes of Angels: The Forbidden Legacy of a Fallen Race (2001)


                                                                                            77


NR1402_06.indd 77                                                                             9/21/10 10:27 AM
             Nova Religio

             bristles with the language of danger. In this text Collins reveals a hidden
             legacy of a technologically advanced race, a group he calls a “celestial
             mafia,” evidence of whom survives in ancient texts like Genesis 6:4 and
             the book of Enoch.79 Of a similar nature is the title of a recent edited
             collection, Forbidden History: Prehistoric Technologies, Extraterrestrial
             Intervention, and the Suppressed Origins of Civilization (2005).80 Perhaps
             the most successful of the recent alt-history authors is Graham Hancock
             whose work is riddled with a sense of conspiracy, the mysterious, and
             the hidden.81 There is a vast conspiracy afoot, these masters of revision
             would argue, to monopolize truth. It is the job of the maverick revision-
             ist to fight against overwhelming institutional and systemic odds to free
             that truth for regular readers like you and me.

                               LOOKING BEHIND THE CURTAIN

                 As we have seen, the revisionist materials produced in ETI religions
             have a structure, an anatomy, whose various components are linked
             together in such a way as to produce materials that are relatively consis-
             tent in outlook and purpose. The ambiguities found in ancient religious
             texts, when placed within the context of a cultic milieu suspicious of
             authority and institutions, and combined with voices eager to put the
             parts together, have created narratives that may vary in the details, but
             are consistent in their presentation of a world held in ignorance.
                 As Van Tassel writes in Into this World and Out Again, the great major-
             ity of people on Earth are held in ignorance by a minority, “Every tyrant
             that ever ruled on the planet led his people to believe they were free.”82
             By fighting institutional methods for the production of knowledge,
             these masters of revision present themselves as liberators. The act of
             uncovering a hidden past is surely intended as eye opening and liberat-
             ing for the reader. Erich von Däniken, Zecharia Sitchin, Patricia Cori,
             and Gene Andrade are looking behind the curtain and arguing that
             what passes for truth and knowledge is a façade. For the revisionist, pull-
             ing back the curtain reveals academics for what they are, stooges for the
             hegemonic system, and this revealing is a liberating process for both the
             revisionist author and the reader. Through their efforts they hope that
             the reader, no longer subject to false and institutionalized lies, is now
             free to throw the tyrants out.


                                             ENDNOTES
             1 Patricia Cori, The Starseed Dialogues: Soul Searching the Universe (Berkeley: North

             Atlantic Books, 2009), 158.
             2 Special thanks to Rebecca Moore for her helpful suggestions regarding this term.


             78


NR1402_06.indd 78                                                                                    9/21/10 10:27 AM
                                                      Thomas: Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions
                    3 In this article I concern myself with a discourse produced for primarily

                    Western, English-speaking audiences. I recognize that the ideas presented
                    here may not be unique to the Anglophone West. See, for example, Andreas
                    Grunschloß, “UFO Faith and Ufological Discourses in Germany,” in UFO
                    Religions, ed. Christopher Partridge (New York: Routledge, 2003), 179–93.
                    An extension of the analysis presented herein into other than Anglophone,
                    and perhaps non-Western, contexts will be a natural second step for this
                    research.
                    4 Zecharia Sitchin’s entire “Earth Chronicles” series is based upon this premise,

                    the first volume of which is The 12th Planet (New York: Stein and Day, 1976).
                    5 “Bible Quotes Primarily from Previous Representatives to Earth from the

                    Evolutionary Level Above Human,” <http://www.heavensgate.com/book/b-1.
                    htm>, accessed 10 October 2009.
                    6 Pierre Vidal-Naquet, Assassins of Memory: Essays on the Denial of the Holocaust,

                    trans. Jeffrey Mehlman (New York: Columbia University Press, 1992), 79.
                    Within the context of Holocaust denial the terms “denial” and “revisionism”
                    are hotly contested terms and are used in the various debates to color the
                    discourse. Some Holocaust deniers lay claim to the title “revisionist” because it
                    confers an aura of legitimacy. Indeed, any historian will admit that revision is
                    an integral and legitimate part of what academic historians do. Those who
                    critique Holocaust deniers are far more likely to utilize the language of denial
                    for precisely the opposite reason, it delegitimizes the work of deniers as being
                    outside the accepted methodological boundaries of the academic historian.
                    While it is true that there are deniers who flatly deny the Holocaust happened,
                    those who term themselves as “revisionist” seek to restrict the scope of the
                    Holocaust by dramatically revising the number of deaths down to such a level
                    that the term Holocaust becomes difficult to justify, thereby becoming de facto
                    deniers.
                    7 Paul Ricoeur, History and Truth, trans. Charles A. Kelbley (Evanston, Ill.:

                    Northwestern University Press, 1965), 42.
                    8 James R. Lewis and Olav Hammer, “Introduction,” in The Invention of Sacred

                    Tradition, eds. James R. Lewis and Olav Hammer (New York: Cambridge
                    University Press, 2007), 1.
                    9 Lewis and Hammer, “Introduction,” 4.

                    10 David G. Bromley and Douglas E. Cowan, “The Invention of a Counter

                    Tradition: The Case of the North American Anti-Cult Movement,” in The
                    Invention of Sacred Tradition, ed. James R. Lewis and Olav Hammer (New York:
                    Cambridge University Press, 2007), 97–98.
                    11 Michael Barkun, A Culture of Conspiracy: Apocalyptic Visions in Contemporary

                    America (Berkeley: University of California Press, 2003), xi.
                    12 Barkun, A Culture of Conspiracy, 23.

                    13 Barkun, A Culture of Conspiracy, 26–27.

                    14 Barkun, A Culture of Conspiracy, 27.

                    15 Harold Bloom, Agon: Towards a Theory of Revision (New York: Oxford, 1982), viii.

                    16 Bloom, Agon, vii, 16.

                    17 Bloom, Agon, 16.

                    18 Bloom, Agon, 17.


                                                                                                    79


NR1402_06.indd 79                                                                                     9/21/10 10:27 AM
             Nova Religio
             19 For a convenient summary of George Van Tassel’s work with the Ministry of

             Universal Wisdom, see Christopher Helland, “From Extraterrestrials to
             Ultraterrestrials: The Evolution of the Concept of Ashtar,” in UFO Religions, ed.
             Christopher Partridge (New York: Routledge, 2003), 162–68.
             20 Helland, “From Extraterrestrials to Ultraterrestrials,” 166.

             21 George Van Tassel, Into This World and Out Again: A Modern Proof of the Origin

             of Humanity and Its Retrogression From the Original Creation of Man (by the author,
             1956), 12.
             22 In some Gnostic cosmologies, the God of the Old Testament (sometimes

             called the Demiurge) is himself a created entity, but he does not realize this. He
             has the drive to create, but because he is an imperfect being, what he creates is
             imperfect. Thus, the creation of the cosmos and humanity by the Demiurge,
             described in Genesis 1 and 2, is an imperfect creation that may, in the Gnostic
             system, be escaped through knowledge of the divine spark (that was introduced
             when the Demiurge blew into the mouth of Adam) that dwells within each
             human.
             23 Van Tassel, Into This World, 16.

             24 Van Tassel, Into This World, 17.

             25 Van Tassel, Into This World, 17.

             26 Writing in the early 1950s, these statements reveal anxiety about nuclear

             proliferation and the Cold War, the context against which many ETI religions
             formulated their theologies. Van Tassel, Into This World, 9.
             27 Carl Jung, Flying Saucers: A Modern Myth of Things Seen in the Sky, trans. R.F.C.

             Hull (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1978), 16.
             28 Andreas Grünschloß, “Waiting for the ‘Big Beam’: UFO Religions and

             ‘Ufological’ Themes in New Religious Movements,” in The Oxford Handbook of
             New Religious Movements, ed. James R. Lewis (Oxford: Oxford University Press,
             2004), 432.
             29 Such is the case with the Ashtar Command, a group that arose from Van

             Tassel’s Ministry of Universal Wisdom, whose early works focused upon nuclear
             annihilation, but has recently shifted to environmental dangers. An eco-friendly
             consciousness is also maintained by groups like Fiat Lux and the Planetary
             Activation Organization.
             30 Raffaele Pettazzoni, Essays on the History of Religions, trans. H. J. Rose (Leiden,

             Brill: 1967), 26.
             31 Mircea Eliade, Myth and Reality, trans. Willard Trask (New York: Harper

             Torchbooks, 1963), 30.
             32 Pettazzoni, Essays, 29.

             33 Raël [Claude Vorilhon], The Message Given to Me by Extra-Terrestrials; They Took

             Me to Their Planet (Tokyo: AOM Corporation, 1986), 31.
             34 Raël, The Message Given to Me, 24–25.

             35 Raël, The Message Given to Me, 24–25.

             36 SETI is an acronym for the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence. Paleo-

             SETI, therefore, is the search for extraterrestrial influence in Earth’s ancient
             history. Paleo-SETI researchers like Erich von Däniken think of themselves
             as scientists and present their works as scientific in nature. Understanding


             80


NR1402_06.indd 80                                                                                     9/21/10 10:27 AM
                                                       Thomas: Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions

                    paleo-SETI researchers in this manner partly explains their efforts to disassociate
                    themselves from what they consider New Age religious speculation on extra­
                    terrestrial visitation, as represented, for example, by the work of Raël.
                    37 James R. Lewis, “Legitimating Suicide: Heaven’s Gate and New Age Ideology,”

                    in UFO Religions, ed. Christopher Partridge (London: Routledge, 2003), 180.
                    38 Colin Campbell, “The Cult, the Cultic Milieu and Secularization,” in The Cultic

                    Milieu: Oppositional Subcultures in an Age of Globalization, eds. Jeffrey Kaplan and
                    Heléne Lööw (Walnut Creek, Calif.: AltaMira Press, 2002), 14.
                    39 Campbell, “The Cult,” 19; Barkun, A Culture of Conspiracy, 24–25. It is important

                    to note that both the work of Campbell and Barkun (whose work relies upon
                    Campbell) is riddled with the language of deviance. In this article the language
                    of deviance is employed in the manner that Campbell used it in his work on the
                    cultic milieu, as a term describing the perspective adopted by “orthodox
                    culture” toward the cultic milieu and the ideas that arise therein, rather than as
                    an disparaging term employed on the part of the scholar to describe alternative
                    religious groups.
                    40 Erich von Däniken, Chariots of the Gods? Unsolved Mysteries of the Past (New York:

                    Berkley Books, 1980), 50.
                    41 Lewis, “Legitimating Suicide,” 120–21.

                    42 Richard Hofstadter, The Paranoid Style in American Politics and Other Essays

                    (New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 1966). The Paranoid Style is Hofstadter’s attempt to
                    explain the relationship between conspiratorial mindsets, McCarthyism, and
                    JFK assassination conspiracy theories.
                    43 Barkun, A Culture of Conspiracy, 28.

                    44 Barkun, A Culture of Conspiracy, 28.

                    45 Barkun, A Culture of Conspiracy, 35.

                    46 Though perhaps not as well known in UFOlogical circles, Graham Hancock

                    is one of the masters of lost civilization speculation. In many of his works,
                    including The Sign and the Seal (New York: Crown, 1992) and Fingerprints of
                    the Gods (New York: Crown, 1995), he presents himself as a maverick, battling
                    against what he calls “the orthodox theory of human prehistory.” For more
                    see Graham Hancock, “Introduction to Graham Hancock,” <http://www.
                    grahamhancock.com/library/default.htm>, accessed 26 September, 2009.
                    47 Grünschloß, “UFO Faith and UFOlogical Discourses in Germany,” 184.

                    48 Von Däniken, Chariots of the Gods, 13.

                    49 Catherine Wessinger, “New Religious Movements and Violence,” in Introduction

                    to New and Alternative Religions in America, vol. 1, History and Controversies, eds.
                    Eugene V. Gallagher and W. Michael Ashcraft (Westport, Conn.: Greenwood
                    Press, 2006), 165–66.
                    50 Barkun, A Culture of Conspiracy, 2.

                    51 Barkun, A Culture of Conspiracy, 3.

                    52 Barkun, A Culture of Conspiracy, 3.

                    53 Patricia Cori, The Starseed Dialogues: Soul Searching the Universe (Berkeley: North

                    Atlantic Books, 2009); Atlantis Rising: The Struggle of Darkness and Light (Berkeley:
                    North Atlantic Books, 2001); The Cosmos of the Soul: A Wake-Up Call for Humanity
                    (Berkeley: North Atlantic Books, 2000).


                                                                                                       81


NR1402_06.indd 81                                                                                        9/21/10 10:27 AM
             Nova Religio
             54 Cori, The Starseed Dialogues, 1.

             55 Cori, The Starseed Dialogues, 7.

             56 Patricia Cori, “The Sirian Revelations: Channeled Teachings for the Awakening

             of Earth,” <http://www.sirianrevelations.net>, accessed 12 March 2010.
             57 Patricia Cori, “The Sirius Star System,” <http://www.sirianrevelations.net/the-

             source/the-sirius-ra-connection> accessed 17 June 2010.
             58 Cori, The Starseed Dialogues, 23.

             59 Cori, The Starseed Dialogues, 14–15.

             60 Cori, Atlantis Rising, 18.

             61 Cori, The Starseed Dialogues, 14–15. Readers familiar with this literature will no

             doubt recognize the influence of Zecharia Sitchin in Patricia Cori’s formulation
             of the Earth’s hidden history. In his six volume series collectively known as “The
             Earth Chronicles,” Sitchin describes the early history of humankind as resulting
             from the influence and interference of the Annunaki, residents of the planet
             Nibiru. This is not insignificant because, within the context of conspiratorial
             thinking, a self-referential dialog plays an important part.
             62 Cori, The Cosmos of the Soul, 144–45.

             63 Elizabeth Clare Prophet, Fallen Angels and the Origin of Evil (Corwin Springs,

             Mont.: Summit University Press, 2000), 5.
             64 Billy Meier is the founder of the Swiss FIGU (Free Community of Interests in

             Fringe and Spiritual Sciences and Ufological Studies) which offers a convenient
             introduction to Billy Meier and his experiences. See FIGU Society USA, “Who
             Is Billy Meier?” <http://us.figu.org/portal/BillyMeier/AboutBillyMeier/tabid/
             56/Default.aspx>, accessed 15 March 2010.
             65 Gene Andrade, Star Wisdom: Principles of Pleiadian Spirituality (Rancho Mirage,

             Calif.: The Pleiades Project, 1997), 101–02.
             66 Hayden White, “Guilty of History? The Longue Durée of Paul Ricoeur,” History

             and Truth 46 (May 2007), 235.
             67 Van Tassel, Into This World, 20.

             68 Von Däniken, Chariots of the Gods?, 50.

             69 Raël, The Message Given to Me, 19.

             70 Barry H. Downing, The Bible and Flying Saucers (New York, Marlowe and

             Company, 1997), 36–37.
             71 Downing, The Bible and Flying Saucers, 37.

             72 Downing, The Bible and Flying Saucers, 37.

             73 Michael Baigent, Richard Leigh, and Henry Lincoln, Holy Blood, Holy Grail

             (New York: Dell, 1983), 309–313.
             74 For Holocaust denial, see Deborah E. Lipstadt, Denying the Holocaust: The

             Growing Assault on Truth and Memory (New York: Free Press, 1993); Deborah E.
             Lipstadt, History on Trial: My Day in Court with a Holocaust Denier (New York:
             Harper Perennial, 2006). For a refutation of Chariots of the Gods? see Clifford
             Wilson, Crash Go the Chariots: An Alternative to Chariots of the Gods? (New York:
             Lancer Books, 1972). The popularity of The DaVinci Code (Dan Brown, 2003)
             spawned numerous refutations of its revisionist claims. See Bart D. Ehrman,
             Truth and Fiction in the Da Vinci Code: A Historian Reveals What We Really Know
             About Jesus, Mary Magdalene, and Constantine (New York: Oxford, 2004).

             82


NR1402_06.indd 82                                                                                    9/21/10 10:27 AM
                                                       Thomas: Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions
                    75 Bloom, Agon, 18.

                    76 Bloom, Agon, 38.

                    77 Bloom, Agon, 19.

                    78 Bloom, Agon, 19.

                    79 Andrew Collins, From the Ashes of Angels: The Forbidden Legacy of a Fallen Race

                    (Rochester, VT: Bear and Company, 2001), 6–7.
                    80 J. Douglas Kenyon, ed. Forbidden History: Prehistoric Technologies, Extraterrestrial

                    Intervention, and the Suppressed Origins of Civilization (Rochester, Vt.: Bear and
                    Company, 2005).
                    81 Hancock is prolific, for a few representative examples see Graham Hancock,

                    Supernatural: Meetings with the Ancient Teachers of Mankind (New York: Disinfor­
                    mation Company, 2007); Underworld: The Mysterious Origins of Civilization (New
                    York: Crown, 2002); The Message of the Sphinx: A Quest for the Hidden Legacy of
                    Mankind (New York: Crown, 1996).
                    82 Van Tassel, Into This World, 13.


                                                                                                        83


NR1402_06.indd 83                                                                                         9/21/10 10:27 AM
