{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T16:12:45Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31166, "source_ctime_ns": 1790773242288949010, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110922-The-Blown-Up-Bases-May-Have-Not-Been-N-clear-Blasts.-877-572038c60a.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790773242200123672, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110922-The-Blown-Up-Bases-May-Have-Not-Been-N-clear-Blasts.-877-572038c60a.pdf", "source_sha256": "ff7b0763d781bf6fe48347cb3b32f87ece84e745ee2cc2af72a9999099240403"}

The Blown Up Bases May Have Not Been N-clear Blasts.


  Subject: The Blown Up Bases May Have Not Been N-clear Blasts.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 22/09/2011, 21:21
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Blown Up Underground Bases May Have Not Been A N-clear Blast.
  Sept. 21, 2011.
    This get more confusing as be go along on this story but now they say
  it was sonic attack.
  ...............................................................
  ...............................................................
  David W-lcock Update, Wednesday, September 21, 2011
  (among other significant things) It Was Not a Nu-lear Attack (and a
  free Science 101 Lesson)
  "One of this blog's reader pointed out that David wrote another update to
  his last article, and I found it quite enlightening (Mahalo, Santa Fe
  R-ger).
  Recall yesterday's ALW-Tolec post, where Tolec..." stated that the August
  23 quakes in VA and CO were each caused by a concentrated sonic pulse.
  Well, David now reports that it was not a nu-lear attack and that the
  highest-level intelligence sources we have on this subject have now
  informed us that no rad-oactivity was detected in either of the destroyed
  areas -They have now concluded that both bases were destroyed by an
  instantaneous twenty-fold increase in air pressure.
  Here are a couple other pieces from his update.
  There is nothing left in either of these areas.
  Everything in them has been crushed to tiny particles of rubble. There is no
  point in ever trying to access them again or redevelop. The damage is total.
  No one knows how such an event is even possible. There is no record of any
  attack like this ever having been done before within the insider world.
  Ful-ord's sources seem very clear about who did this and why it was done.
  Nonetheless, this attack does not resemble any known terrestrial technology
  regardless of how classified it may be.
  Sonic pulse devices which operate in a similar way to these ultrasound
  devices I would surmise are available within the m-litary. If such a pulse
  (one
  might call it a grand cavitation) were generated, it might generate a high
  pressure cavitation (as is generated with ultrasound) which, if the
  frequency
  were properly chosen, could disintegrate whatever it was pulsed at, or into.
  This would create the same type of disintegration which David's sources
  report.
  I'm not a sonic we-pons engineer, but it makes some sense that such is what
  could have happened, based upon what I know of sonochemistry.
  Still, bottom line, even after all of this wonderful scientifically based
  theoretical surmising, that does not prove that a sonic we-pon was used.
  At this point, still, no one apparently knows what it was.
  https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Ultrasound#Sonochemistry
  https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Ultrasound#Ultrasonic_
  disintegration
  Now here is David's latest update.
  http://kauilapele.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/david_wilcock_search.jpg?
  w200&amp;h232
                           UPDATE WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2011
  Nineteen years ago today, I stopped using all intoxicating substances and
  never went back. I don't miss it. In much the same way, it would appear that
  a
  worldwide addiction is finally breaking and we won't miss it either.


20110922-The Blown Up Bases May Have Not Been N-clear Blasts.-877.html[12/03/2022 10:29:26]
The Blown Up Bases May Have Not Been N-clear Blasts.

  The negative e-ite have hit bottom. What happens from here is anyone's
  guess,
  but let us all hope for a quick surrender so that more lives are not lost.
  Unfortunately, their tendency has been NOT to surrender, and we cannot
  expect
  they will. Additional destruction may be required. There is evidence
  suggesting
  they are still planning further moves, as I will discuss.
                                                IT WAS NOT A NUCLEAR ATTACK
  I am happy to report that the highest-level intelligence sources we have on
  this subject have now informed us that NO rad-oactivity was detected in
  either of the destroyed areas.
  What they DID find is now considered a baffling mystery. I acknowledge in
  advance that this seems difficult to believe. They have now concluded
  that both bases were destroyed by an instantaneous twenty-fold increase
  in air pressure.
  Let me spell it out for you in plain terms. There is nothing left in either
  of these areas. Everything in them has been crushed to tiny particles of
  rubble.
  There is no point in ever trying to access them again or redevelop. The
  damage is total.
  No one knows how such an event is even possible. There is no record of any
  attack like this ever having been done before within the insider world.
  Ful-ord's sources seem very clear about who did this and why it was done.
  Nonetheless, this attack does not resemble any known terrestrial technology
  regardless of how classified it may be.
                                           THIS MAY HAVE BEEN ET-ASSISTED
  Therefore, this may have been an ET-assisted attack consistent with the
  China's October Surprise series I've been documenting here.
  It may be that a massive quantity of air was portaled into either base.
  Portal technology does exist, but it certainly has never before been used
  like
  this and it's not even clear how it could be done.
  It is also possible that some unknown technology was used to expand the size
  of the air molecules within the bases by a factor of twenty.
  Russian s-alar technology can make things get much hotter or much colder,
  and can create destructive impulses, but there is no record of anything like
  this ever having been achieved.
                                 PERSONNEL MAY HAVE BEEN SPARED
  If ETs were responsible, and used advanced portal technology, it may also be
  that at least some, if not all of the personnel in these facilities were
  moved
  to a safe area before the attack was conducted.
  If this is the case, none of them have been able to or allowed to make
  contact as of yet.
                                  VERY SIGNIFICANT DREAMS COMING IN
  I had lamented yesterday that the full scenario of how this 2012 shift will
  happen is still not clear.
  This morning, one of our staff had a very intense dream. In this dream, the
  Roman Empire was still around, and had not ended.
  (This staff person had not read the whole article and was not aware of
  Fulfo-d saying that the I-luminati is just a continuation of the Roman
  Empire.)
  In this dream, some people had now achieved an Ascended state and were
  putting these folks on trial.
  This very same morning, I had a highly unusual dream where a sp-ritual
  healer
  worked on my head, and as he did so, an iris opened up on the top of my


20110922-The Blown Up Bases May Have Not Been N-clear Blasts.-877.html[12/03/2022 10:29:26]
The Blown Up Bases May Have Not Been N-clear Blasts.

  head.
  It looked like an advanced extraterrestrial device.
  As the iris opened, brilliant white light burst out. I felt a very powerful
  electrical sensation that went about three inches into my head, and I also
  had a unique experience of every vertebrae in my neck getting a spontaneous
  chiropractic realignment.
                                                THIS MAY BE HOW IT HAPPENS
  The SFI book does give a variety of compelling data points suggesting people
  will be able to Ascend into the next level of human e-olution while here on
  earth.
  However, these dreams seem to be hinting that this process could occur
  while others are still here in their former human forms. It is interesting
  that I asked for clarification and this was the answer!
                       OUR WEBMASTER CAUGHT A GREAT SYNCHRONICITY
  Another interesting coincidence was that our webmaster checked the front
  page of the site earlier today, and right as he did so, the hit counter for
  this
  article was at precisely 200,000.
  He took a screen capture of it for all of us to see:
  http://kauilapele.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/110921_david_wilcock_
  200000hits.png
  This was a nice synchronicity, and the meta-message seems to be that
  everything we are seeing happen at this time is part of a s-cred plan to
  restore peace and order on earth.
  http://ecopressed.com/" target_top relppceco_A><SPANclasstppl>Eco
  World Content From Across The Internet.
  John Winston.         johnf@mlode.com


20110922-The Blown Up Bases May Have Not Been N-clear Blasts.-877.html[12/03/2022 10:29:26]
