{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T11:02:41Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30904, "source_ctime_ns": 1790670451185805759, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110406-Bad-News.-520.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790670451177828337, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110406-Bad-News.-520.pdf", "source_sha256": "2fc1714beb6695f670b68e405c63010807dc0314e00d899121471d05688a2d0f"}

Bad News.


  Subject: Bad News.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 06/04/2011, 23:23
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Bad News.
  April 6, 2011.
    Here is some very bad news.                I don't know if it true or false.   It does
  appear to be happening.
  ...........................................
  ...........................................
  Read this a long time ago and it just came to mind today. Thought some of
  you might be interested in this read. It does explain a lot. G-le ^i^
  Unknown S-cret Covenant of the I-luminati
  Sun Feb 6, 2005
  65.74.105.8
  The Se-ret Covenant of the Il-uminati
  An illusion it will be, so large, so vast, it will escape their perception.
  Those who will see it will be thought of as insane.
  We will create separate fronts to prevent them from seeing the connection
  between us.
  We will behave as if we are not connected to keep the illusion alive.
  Our goal will be accomplished one drop at a time so as to never bring
  suspicion
  upon our selves.
  This will also prevent them from seeing the changes as they occur.
  We will always stand above the relative field of their experience for we
  know
  the se-rets of the absolute.
  We will work together always and will remain bound by b-ood and se-recy.
  De-th will come to he who speaks.
  We will keep their lifespan short and their minds weak while pretending to
  do the opposite.
  We will use our knowledge of science and technology in subtle ways so they
  will never see what is happening.
  We will use soft metals, aging accelerators and sedatives in food and water;
  also in the air.
  They will be blanketed by poisons everywhere they turn.
  The soft metals will cause them to lose their minds.
  We will promise to find a c-re from our many fronts, yet we will feed them
  more poison.
  The poisons will be absorbed through their skin and mouths; they will
  destroy
  their minds and reproductive systems.
  From all this, their children will be born dead, and we will conceal this
  information.
  The poisons will be hidden in everything that surrounds them, in what they
  drink, eat, breathe and wear.
  We must be ingenious in dispensing the poisons for they can see far.
  We will teach them that the poisons are good, with fun images and musical
  tones.


20110406-Bad News.-520.html[12/03/2022 10:26:03]
Bad News.

  Those they look up to will help.
  We will enlist them to push our poisons.
  They will see our products being used in film and will grow accustomed to
  them
  and will never know their true effect.
  When they give birth we will inject poisons into the bl-od of their children
  and
  convince them it's for their help.
  We will start early on, when their minds are young, we will target their
  children with what children love most, sweet things.
  When their teeth decay we will fill them with metals that will kill their
  mind
  and steal their future.
  When their ability to learn has been affected, we will create medicine that
  will
  make them sicker and cause other di-eases for which we will create yet more
  medicine.
  We will render them docile and weak before us by our power.
  They will grow depressed, slow and obese, and when they come to us for help,
  wem will give them more poison.
  We will focus their attention toward money and material goods so they many
  never connect with their inner self.
  We will distract them with f-rnication, external pleasures and games so they
  may never be one with the oneness of it all.
  Their minds will belong to us and they will do as we say.
  If they refuse we shall find ways to implement mind-altering technology into
  their lives.
  We will use fear as our w-apon.
  We will establish their go-ernments and establish opposites within.
  We will own both sides.
  We will always hide our objective but carry out our plan.
  They will perform the labor for us and we shall prosper from their toil.
  Our families will never mix with theirs.
  Our bl-od must be pure always, for that is the way.
  We will make them k-ll each other when it suits us.
  We will keep them separated from the oneness by dogma and rel-gion.
  We will control all aspects of their lives and tell them what to think and
  how.
  We will guide them kindly and gently letting them think they are guiding
  themselves.
  We will foment animosity between them through our factions.
  When a light shall shine among them, we shall extinguish by ridicule, or
  de-th, whichever suits us best.
  We will make them rip each other's hearts apart and ki=l their own children.
  We will accomplish this by using hate as our ally, anger as our friend.
  The hate will blind them totally, and never shall they see that from their
  conflicts we emerge as their rulers.
  They will be busy -illing each other.
  They will bathe in their own bl-od and ki-l their neighbors for as long as
  we see fit.


20110406-Bad News.-520.html[12/03/2022 10:26:03]
Bad News.

  We will benefit greatly from this, for they will not see us, for they cannot
  see
  us.
  We will continue to prosper from their wa-s and their de-ths.
  We shall repeat this over and over until our ultimate goal is accomplished.
  We will continue to make them live in fear and anger though images and
  sounds.
  We will use all the tools we have to accomplish this.
  The tools will be provided by their labor.
  We will make them h-te themselves and their neighbors.
  We will always hide the d-vine truth from them; that we are all one.
  This they must never know! They must never know that color is an Illusion.
  They must always think they are not equal.
  Drop by drop, drop by drop we will advance our goal.
  We will take over their land, resources and wealth to exercise total control
  over them.
  We will deceive them into accepting laws that will steal the little freedom
  they will have.
  We will establish a money system that will imprison them forever, keeping
  them
  and their children in debt.
  When they shall ban together, we shall accuse them of crimes and present a
  different story to the world for we shall own all the media.
  We will use our media to control the flow of information and their sentiment
  in
  our favor.
  When they shall rise up against us we will crush them like insects, for they
  are
  less than that.
  They will be helpless to do anything for they will have no we-pons.
  We will recruit some of their own to carry out our plans.
  We will promise them eternal life, but eternal life they will never have for
  they are not of us.
  The recruits will be called "initiates" and will be indoctrinated to believe
  false rites of passage to higher realms.
  Members of these groups will think they are one with us never knowing the
  truth.
  They must never learn this truth for they will turn against us.
  For their work they will be rewarded with earthly things and great titles,
  but never will they become immortal and join us.
  Never will they receive the light and travel the stars.
  They will never reach the higher realms, for the ki-ling of their own kind
  will prevent passage to the realm of enlightenment.
  This they will never know.
  The truth will be hidden in their face, so close they will not be able to
  focus
  on it until its too late.
  Oh yes, so grand the illusion of freedom will be, that they will never know
  they
  are our s-aves.
  When all is in place, the reality we will have created for them will own
  them.


20110406-Bad News.-520.html[12/03/2022 10:26:03]
Bad News.


  This reality will be their prison.
  They will live in self-delusion.
  When our goal is accomplished a new era of domination will begin.
  Their minds will be bound by their beliefs, the beliefs we have established
  from
  time immemorial.
  But if they ever find out they are our equal, we shall perish then.
  THIS THEY MUST NEVER KNOW.
  If they ever find out that together they can vanquish us, they will take
  action.
  They must never, ever find out what we have done, for if they do, we shall
  have no place to run, for it will be easy to see who we are once the veil
  has
  fallen.
  Our actions will have revealed who we are and they will hunt us down and no
  person shall give us shelter.
  This is the sec-et covenant by which we shall live the rest of our present
  and future lives, for this reality will transcend many generations and life
  spans.
  This covenant is sealed by blo-d, our bloo-.
  We, the ones who from he-ven to earth came.
  This covenant must NEVER, EVER be known to exist.
  It must NEVER, EVER be written or spoken of for if it is, the consciousness
  it will spawn will release the fury of the PRIME CREATOR upon us and we
  shall be cast to the depths from whence we came and remain there until the
  end time of infinity itself.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110406-Bad News.-520.html[12/03/2022 10:26:03]
