{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T08:57:58Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31343, "source_ctime_ns": 1790690370607531346, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110329-The-Volunteers.-Part-2.-496.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790690370574727324, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110329-The-Volunteers.-Part-2.-496.pdf", "source_sha256": "e8afc4890608600da672a78de24e3ae4dfaf5b7bab200cc5e2f84842e104bb60"}

The Volunteers. Part 2.


   Subject: The Volunteers. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 29/03/2011, 23:49
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: The Volunteers.               Part 2.
   Mar. 29, 2011.
     A person by the name of Peter has said that I have posted this
   information and not given him credit for it. I here-by give him credit
   for it and he is posting on the yahoo group called
   tapa-chemtrials@yahoogroups.com
   ..........................................................
   ..........................................................
   The Andromeda Galaxy. Any Decision by The Andromeda Council?
   "This Awareness indicates that as long as earth allows the
   Draconians and Reticulians to remain and treaties have been signed, that
   this more or less creates a block to prevent interference from the
   Pleiades, Vegans or others. It is for this reason that any contacts will
   be of a very minor nature, more to educate and inform than to directly
   interfere or confront the Draconian, Reticulian and Orion Empire Grays.
   This Awareness indicates that the Andromeda Council is much like the UN
   on Earth; it has certain influence, but it has no power over those who
   refuse to abide by its recommendations. The Draconian Confederation, the
   Orion Empire; these do not give much credence to the Andromeda Council
   or its recommendations. They appeal to it when they see a change to
   benefit or to use it to their advantage. Therefore, at this time,
   anything given by the Andromeda Council in regard to Earth has been
   generally ignored by these entities.
   The Battle is to Save the S-uls of the Earthlings
   "Essentially, the so-ls of people IS the issue involved that is of
   greatest urgency to the Galactic Command or Confederation, for this
   saving of the sou-s is that which the s-iritual forces perceives to be
   the real purpose and value. The physical body is temporal anyway, and
   has only a short time on earth, but the sou- being permanent, being more
   or less eternal, is the more important concern. The Draconian and the
   Orion forces think that by making it appear the s-ul is just an illusion
   and that one's body is what counts, they find themselves able to
   influence people by fear and by coercion, based on bodily needs and
   preservation. And in this manner they actually capture the so-ls of
   entities who are trying to preserve their body and will do so at the
   cost of their sou-"
       (Re-elations Awareness 93-14/NO. 423)
           "This Awareness indicates that it appears that the entire box
   of Pandora, is becoming unraveled. The door is opening and there seems
   to be no end in sight in regards to the unraveling of activity, not just
   on earth, or even the solar system, but activity throughout the galaxy,
   which if the strings are examined enough, they begin to lead
   consciousness into looking into other universes. This Awareness
   indicates that it has been suggested: As it is above, so it is below.
   Entities may now begin to realize that likewise, as it is below, so it
   is above. Humanity has been plagued with w-rs, but humanity is not
   alone; so has the galaxy. This Awareness indicates that it does not
   appear that there is yet an end to the recognition of the influence of
   these forces in the galaxy and beyond, and that even the resolving of
   humanity's wa-s may only be the resolving of a small battle in the
   galaxy.
   A Great Force is Moving across this Plane
          "This Awareness indicates there is a great force moving upon
   your plane that is little understood by entities and may be likened unto
   a storm in consciousness, blown in from the p-ychic sea of the Fourth
   Dimension, that transcends time and space and moves in from ancient
   times of Atlantis and into the present moment. It is ready to be calmed,
   if that is allowed by the collective consciousness of entities upon this
   plane, or it is ready to wreak havoc if that is what it takes to
   complete its action.


20110329-The Volunteers. Part 2.-496.html[12/03/2022 10:25:59]
The Volunteers. Part 2.

   "This Awareness indicates that this force, this programming, is
   likened unto a type of linear programming that has reached through
   thousands of years, by which entities were polarized as programmed parts
   of an incredible complex and massive computer system called
   "Civilization", wherein the script was written thousands of years ago,
   and historians of today are only as reporters and reviewers of that
   play, that dramatic epic that has played for thousands of years upon
   this stage called "Earth" This Awareness indicates the action of Ra-Ta
   and the builders of the Pyramid and Sphinx in ancient Egypt were
   designed to offer a greater attraction, a greater power than those of
   the Atlantean priests, and once the seekers of power were caught up in
   the Egyptian power, they were led along the path that brought them not
   only to power, but that enlightenment and realization that power was not
   the answer to the cravings of the appetite. In this action, many
   followers of Baal, of Luc-fer, were brought into the Law of One.
   "This Awareness indicates that Edgar Cayce, the r-incarnate s-irit
   of Ra-Ta, opened the doors for the flood of consciousness upon this
   plane, to allow that force to begin moving from that Fourth Dimension
   into this present time. In this action, the Luci-er, The Rhyee, the
   personification of that first separateness, was given an opportunity to
   tap into this ancient power that began in Egypt, and in so doing, was
   drawn unwittingly into states of Awareness that led back to the Law of
   One, and this Awareness.
   "This Awareness indicates that force known as Lucif-r is now being
   drawn out of consciousness and moving into Essence. The Head of the
   Beast, the original separateness, has already returned to Essence. Only
   the organs and body of this remains upon your plane, and must, in time,
   follow also into the return to Essence.
   Why Awareness has Come at this Time
   "This Awareness indicates all present attempts to pursue and
   maintain power and control over others are but creating structures that
   will inevitable be converted into systems designed to serve the people
   rather than to enslave them; yet, it is a matter of when this will
   occur, rather than whether it will occur. It is for this reason that
   this Awareness communicates with entities at this time, and it is for
   this purpose that entities need to look closely at that which is
   occurring on their plane, for these energies are a potential force that
   may be used for good or ill at this time, even as a wind may be
   harnessed for service, or may wreak havoc.
   "This Awareness indicates any good computer programmer can
   understand the programming system used in Atlantis and Egypt if they are
   also capable of comprehending the nature of psyc-ic forces, and can
   comprehend the Pyramid and Sphinx as being likened unto the pituitary
   and pineal of the collective consciousness upon this plane, and the
   mummified corpses may be understood as human transmitters, capacitors or
   other ps-cho-electro-magnetic components.
   "This Awareness indicates this action created great suffering for
   many millions of entities upon this plane, and that action from Atlantis
   was initiated for the glory and the power of the followers of Ba'al, the
   followers of Lu-ifer, the followers of the mind, and its structuring
   system of hierarchy, polarity, manipulation and control.
   Ra Ta's Power Trap for the D-rk Force
   "This Awareness indicates the Ill-minati that began in Atlantis, may
   be seen as the Da-k Force that sought power through deception, control
   and manipulation; and that Illu-inati from Ra-Ta actions of Egypt was
   designed to create a power trap that led to enlightenment and a return
   to the Law of One. We wish to express our love and gratitude to our
   Source of Being, our Creator who is guiding us through our eternal
   journey in Oneness.
   "We also wish to express our love and gratitude to the people of the
   Cosmic Awareness Communication Organization and The A-uarian C-urch of
   Universal Service of Paul S-ockley, who for almost 30 years have been
   dedicating themselves to help people to become aware Who We Really Are,
   without those human efforts this document would not have been
   written."
   Chapter 7 -- The Galaxy and the 24
   "Sometimes I wish I could just pay the fine and go home."
   Robin William's character Jack Lucas in the movie The Fisher King
   If the Tree of Life is taken as a symbolic reference to Man's quest


20110329-The Volunteers. Part 2.-496.html[12/03/2022 10:25:59]
The Volunteers. Part 2.

   to return to the Higher Worlds and Creation at-large, then the "Fall
   of Man" or story of Adam and Eve can be seen as a symbolic reference
   to that `fall' from those very same Higher Dimensions that
   brought both the planet and Man down to the level of 3rd dimension
   living. Now, like the character referenced from the movie The Fisher
   King, most of us really just want to pay the fine and go home.
   In ancient times, the consciousness of those on planet Earth was in a
   higher state than before the "fall of Man" for the planet itself
   existed at a fourth dimensional level or higher, having lowered itself
   along the galactic spiral on the outflow of the Breath of G-d during the
   millions of years prior to that moment. As we shall see, this lowering
   was assisted or `sped up' by events taking place on the planet
   as well.
   In earlier days, matter itself was not in as dense or `concrete'
   a form as we know it today. All m-taphysical or esoteric doctrines
   mention this fact, as well as attempting to explain the descent of
   spi-it into matter - the idea that So-l only came into the inhabitants
   of Earth at a certain stage in its ev-lution. In the earlier stages of
   consciousness, life also had a very different biochemical relationship
   with matter than it does today; planet Earth having gone through many
   drastic physical and me-aphysical changes since the time it was first
   colonized by the Els.
   Part 2.
   John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20110329-The Volunteers. Part 2.-496.html[12/03/2022 10:25:59]
