{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:36:07Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31264, "source_ctime_ns": 1790676792854662884, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110427-Latest-From-David-I.-Part-2.-563.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790676792735838168, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110427-Latest-From-David-I.-Part-2.-563.pdf", "source_sha256": "dd21375d599cdf17a7b7bbe909b5675e6b277221b9ef4007f866a77ea562dc1b"}

Latest From David I. Part 2.


   Subject: Latest From David I. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 27/04/2011, 06:31
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Latest From David I.                 Part 2.
   April 26, 2011.
      This talks about tooth fillings that contain Murcury.
   ..................................................................
   ..................................................................
   The bulb broke in her daughter's bedroom and she called the Home
   Depot store to ask for advice. She was advised to call a Poison Control
   hotline where they passed her on to the Maine Department of
   Environmental Protection.
   They deployed a specialist to the scene who established that mercury
   levels in the bedroom were six times the State's 'safe' limit (and who
   decides that?) for mercury contamination and she was told she should
   engage a clean-up company to decontaminate the room.
   The bill to do this: $2,000.
   And that is just one fluorescent light bulb in one home when eventually
   there will be some four billion in the U-ited States alone.
   Given the fantastic scale of bulbs needing to be disposed of
   we are going to see - are seeing - serious mercury contamination
   in garbage and landfill sites.
   Yes, they shouldn't be disposed of like this, but that is what vast
   numbers of people will do rather than take them to hazardous
   waste centers. The Control System knows that.
   Already an estimated 80 million used fluorescent tubes are sent
   to landfill sites in the UK every year, according to the waste
   education organization, WasteAware. This equates to four tonnes
   of mercury and the figure for throughout Europe and North America
   must be mind-blowing.
   This puts collectors of refuse at risk from any broken bulbs
   disposed of in household waste, and also other neighbours in
   communal situations, and those dumped in landfills on the scale
   that is coming have the clear potential to pollute ground water
   supplies, rivers and fish with cumulative and lethal mercury
   contamination (it is said that just one fluorescent bulb can pollute
   6,000 gallons of water beyond safe drinking levels').
   Once again, this is by design. The plan is to mass p-ison
   humans from endless sources as part of the global cull of
   the population and also to suppress us mentally through
   chemical influence.
   The effects of mercury include dementia, like Alzheimer's
   disease, depression, loss of memory, the inability to control
   muscles and movements (known as ' motor function') and
   many other health problems, not least kidney failure. Click
   here for a short film explaining how mercury causes severe
   degeneration of the brain.
   This is why the Control System wants us to be poi-oned by
   mercury (hence amalgam tooth fillings) and watch also the
   video later in this newsletter about fluoride in drinking water to
   see how calculated and widespread the p-isoning agenda really
   is.
   You might note that the words fluoride and fluorescent are
   spelt similarly.
   This is because they have a common 'ancestor' - a highly dangerous
   element called Fluorine (also called Fluorspar) which is derived
   from the mineral fluorite (from the Latin root fluo, meaning 'to
   flow').
   Once again this is no coincidence and the rabbit hole goes so
   deep because 'they' are working with levels of knowledge that
   are kept from the public by a firewall of s-crecy and suppression.


20110427-Latest From David I. Part 2.-563.html[12/03/2022 10:26:12]
Latest From David I. Part 2.

   But there is another vital aspect to the imposition of fluorescent
   lighting - its vibrational effect. The base state of everything in
   this reality is vibration or waveform. The chemical, electrical,
   digital and holographic levels are but expressions of the waveform
   information construct.
   So disrupt that and you disrupt everything else down the line. This
   is what these bulbs are designed to do - create a distorted
   vibrational environment in every home and workspace where these
   lights shine.
   The bulbs emit a disharmonious vibration with some people more
   sensitive to this than others. Most of the photons released from
   the mercury atoms are in ultraviolet (UV) radiation wavelengths
   and there are increasing reports of people becoming ill after they
   start using them.
   UV light can affect and fade sensitive paintings, not least
   watercolors, and also many textiles. So using these bulbs
   requires such artwork to be protected with, according to
   some reports, acrylic sheets.
   Fluorescent lamps flicker causing problems for people who
   are sensitive to this and the less sensitive are affected in
   ways that are not so obvious. The flicker also has the potential
   for disrupting photography and video recording.
   The significance of the vibrational impact can be seen with
   the ability of these lights to cause televisions to take on a
   life of their own, switching channels by affecting the infra-red
   sensors on remote control receivers.
   P-ilips Electronics has confirmed this phenomenon.
   We are vibrational beings and thus are affected by other
   vibration influences that can cause mental, emotional and
   physical dis-ease, disharmony. These are some of the health
   problems being reported by people after using fluorescent bulbs,
   as compiled at
   www.renewableenergygeek.ca
   : Mild to severe headaches (migraines); skin irritation, redness,
   burning sensations, and or itchiness; dizziness and nausea;
   tinnitus (ringing in the ears) and earaches; numbness and tingling
   sensations; tired, weak and fatigued; difficulty sleeping /
   restlessness; chest pains / heart problems; poor memory and
   concentration; irritability; feelings of stress and anxiety;
   depression and mood swings; difficulty breathing; muscle and
   joint pain; and pain and pressure in the eyes.
   These are the multiple consequences of exposure to what is
   called 'Dirty Electricity' - imbalanced electromagnetic fields that
   disrupt the electromagnetic balance of the body, not least the
   electrical circuits of the brain.
   I would encourage you to watch the video after this article headed
   Dirty Electricity - the health effects of 'save-the-world' light bulbs
   to see just some of the damage these lights do to people.
   Horrendous skin damage              caused by exposure to 'environment-friendly'
   lighting.
   Even the utterly useless H-alth Canada, which has been covering up
   most of the health effects so not to contradict gov-rnment policy, has
   said:
   '... the CFLs are not provided with a prismatic diffuser that filters
   ultraviolet radiation out. Therefore, there may be skin sensitive issues,
   especially in people with certain skin d-seases.'
   Dermatologist Dr John H-wk told the BBC that some people already find it
   difficult to tolerate the fluorescent-strip lighting widely used in schools
   and
   offices and this operates the same way as these bulbs. Ha-k said:
   'Fluorescent lights seem to have some sort of ionising characteristic where
   they affect the air around them. This does affect a certain number of
   people,
   probably tens of thousands, in Britain, whose ailments flare up just by
   being
   close to them.
   Certain forms of eczema, some of which are very common, do flare up badly
   anywhere near fluorescent lights, so these people have to just be around
   incandescent lighting.'
   Aah, but very soon they will                 not be able to 'just be around incandescent


20110427-Latest From David I. Part 2.-563.html[12/03/2022 10:26:12]
Latest From David I. Part 2.

   lighting' because that is being banned and these health-destroyers imposed
   by
   law. Some people say that fluorescent lights should carry a warning about
   their potential health effects, but, once again, what is the use of a
   warning if you
   have to use them or sit in the dark?
   'You are under arrest - how dare you use lights that don't harm you and
   your
   children when it's the law that you must use those that cause you serious
   harm?'
   What do you think this              is, a free country?'
   So take a deep breath and find a chair as we sum up the consequences
   of forcing the population to use these horrific lighting systems:
   They are potentially lethal when they break and the mercury is released,
   especially for children and foetuses; their mercury content can have a
   catastrophic effect on brain and body function; they have to be disposed
   of -
   billions of them - as hazardous waste and if they are dumped in the trash
   or at landfill sites, as they are and will be in ever-greater numbers, it
   creates a
   highly toxic environment and this poison seeps into underground water
   supplies
   and rivers; the vibration and radiation effects trigger serious and
   potentially
   deadly health problems, so much so that scientists have warned people,
   especially children, to 'stay at a distance' and 'avoid being in contact
   with
   them for more than an hour'. They also fade pictures and textiles and
   affect
   television and other transmissions.
   From any perspective of rational thought the very idea of introducing this
   blatant nightmare to replace something that has worked for so long is beyond
   i-sanity. Well, any rational perspective if you care in any way about human
   wellbeing, that is.
   The people passing the laws to impose these lights are largely just the
   puppet-fodder repeaters who will simply repeat the party line they have
   been
   programmed to believe about both the problem ('global warming') and the
   solution ('low-energy light bulbs').
   Part 2.
   John Winston.               johnfw@mlode.com


20110427-Latest From David I. Part 2.-563.html[12/03/2022 10:26:12]
