{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:49:20Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32657, "source_ctime_ns": 1790675144205053128, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110517-Send-Carrots-to-IRAH-and-IRAM--60247.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790675144196205372, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110517-Send-Carrots-to-IRAH-and-IRAM--60247.pdf", "source_sha256": "6fe0238e4500d38977d2e77892a436e7221e29b1da9ac7669ae8fcba7f0f6cc2"}

The David I. Newsletter. Part 2.


   Subject: The David I. Newsletter. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 17/05/2011, 06:48
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

   Subject: The David I. Newletter.                Part 2.
   May 15, 2011.
      Here is mentioned so-called "Pat Down" done in airports.
   ...........................................................
   ...........................................................
   He said in another interview on the show since the fake 's-ooting' that Bin
   Laden had d-ed soon after 9/11 from Marfan syndrome, an hereditary d-sease
   which can seriously affect the connective tissue that holds the body
   together
   and so distort the workings of many body systems, including the skeleton,
   eyes, heart and b-ood vessels, nervous system, skin and lungs. Bin Laden
   certainly showed classic traits of Marfan syndrome with his tall body, long
   limbs and face.
   P-eczenik said he could confirm the Dubai hospital story and that Bin Laden
   needed constant dialysis because of Marfan syndrome. This was also why the
   closest person to him was a p-ysician, he said.
   Pieczenik pointed out that Colonel Tommy Franks, who led the US/UK invasion
   of
   Afghanistan in 2001, stated (though he didn't mean to) that Bin Laden was
   de-d
   at that time. 'We knew that was true', said insider Pieczenik.
   I'll come back to Steve Pi-czenik later when we ask the 'why now?'
   question -
   why now do they suddenly claim to have ki-led Bin Laden? On that, I
   suggest, he
   is way out for whatever reason.
   From the fact that Osama bin Laden was dea- maybe a decade ago it is easy
   to see why the official story of his sho-ting by 'Navy Seals' near a
   mi-itary
   establishment in Abbottabad, Pakistan, has been such a ridiculous, hilarious
   and constantly changing stream of l-es.
   It never happened.
   This is why his body was never shown to the public, but instead immediately
   'buried at sea' according to a 'Muslim custom' that doesn't exist and why
   no photographs have been released on the 'pre-ident's orders' because they
   are
   'too gruesome' and because 'you know, we don't trot out this stuff as
   trophies'.
   Actually, that's exactly what 'we' do when we have the pictures or when 'we'
   have fake pictures we think will f-ol the people. Unfortunately for 'we',
   there
   is now a massively expanding alternative media that won't allow such fakes
   to go unnoticed or unchallenged any more.
   The fake 'd-ad Bin Laden' picture below circulated immediately after
   Oba-a's
   announcement of the 'sho-ting' on the key Satanic ritual day of May 1st and
   was
   published by many in the mainstream media as genuine.
   When it proved to be a Photoshop fake of the two pictures on the left
   combined
   to produce the one on the right, the media said that it was the work of
   'cons-iracy theor-sts' when it was the 'con-piracy theorists' who had been
   exposing it as a fake.
   We were told by the gove-nment that Bin Laden was armed and there was a
   sho-tout with the Navy Seals as he used his wife as a human shield. Then
   the
   same go-ernment had to admit that he wasn't armed and did not hide behind
   his wife or anyone else. We were told that his wife had been k-lled and then
   that
   she was still alive.
   'No, no, you can't say the wife is de-d - we need her to be still alive so


20110517-Send Carrots to IRAH and IRAM !!!!@!-60247.html[12/03/2022 10:27:23]
The David I. Newsletter. Part 2.

   she
   can support our story. Say we made a mistake in the fog of w-r.'
   But perhaps the most outrageous attempt at misleading the public perception
   of
   what happened was the now famous, it will be infamous, picture of O-ama,
   Hillary C-inton and others staring anxiously at apparently live images of
   Bin
   Laden being ki-led. 'We got him', the little boy in short trousers is
   supposed
   to have said.
   Ah, but there is one little detail to know here. It has since been admitted
   that there were no live images of the 'k-lling' and so these people could
   not have been anxiously watching them. So what were they watching?? The
   wall?
   The lies are unbelievable and the mainstream media just goes on repeating
   them without question.
   The W-ite House comedy show also said that they had found a 'treasure
   trove'
   of information and 'home videos' at the 'Bin Laden compound'. No they
   didn't,
   because he wasn't there. What they 'found' was whatever they made up
   themselves a long, long way from the 'compound'.
   We are now in an era of computerised imagery where we can no longer claim
   that what we think we are seeing is actually what we are seeing. Look at the
   video after this article headed 'Gov-rnment released videos: You think your
   eyes are seeing what you think they're seeing? Think again'.
   The C-bal have had this technology for decades produced by the se-ret
   projects and 'Bin Laden' videos galore have been released since his dea-h to
   fuel the lie that he was still alive and active. They have been 'acquired'
   and released to the media through C-A/Mossad front organizations like
   SITE or 'Search for International T-rrorist Entities' (but never in
   Israel).
   Katz and Venzke: Tooth Fairy Videos SITE is run by an extreme Roths-hild
   Z-onist called Rita K-tz, the daughter of an exe-uted Israeli s-y, and is
   funded by the US gov-rnment to the tune of a reported $-00,000 a year.
   It is, in effect, an arm of the Depart-ents of 'Justice', Treasury, and
   Homeland Security. SITE works in harness with an orga nization called
   IntelCenter, another releaser of 'Bin Laden' videos, which is headed by
   another Ro-hschild Zio-is t, Ben Ven-ke.
   It was Rita Kat- and SITE who 'reported' this week that 'Al-Qaeda' had
   made a statement confirming Bin Laden's d-ath. Or, as the pathetic CN-
   put it: 'Al Qaeda released a statement on jihadist forums confirming the
   de-th of its leader, Osama bin Laden, according to SITE Intelligence Group,
   which monitors mi-itant messages.'
   No - which circulates lies and fake videos under the direction of Mossad and
   the C-A, among others, no doubt.
   'Excuse me, sir, do you            want a house or a rock behind him ...?'
   Even the Washington Post revealed that the CI- was making fake videos to
   discredit its targets. It reported that a video was made to apparently show
   Bin
   Laden and friends drinking a-cohol around a campfire and talking about their
   'conquests of little boys'.
   But, really, you would think they could do better than the laughable 'home
   video' footage they released last week to 'show' Bin Laden sitting on the
   floor
   flicking through TV channels, all of which had his image on.
   Have you ever flicked through a series of channels like that and never seen
   a
   number of them showing advertisements? I haven't. But, no, it's just Bin
   Laden
   everywhere. Maybe some of them were advertisements in which he starred. I
   mean, Bin Laden vanishing cream would sell by the truckload.
   There are, to employ understatement, just a few basic errors here that the
   mainstream media has not allowed to take up good drinking time, but we
   should.
   Firstly, all that we see in the entire footage is a hat, the side of a beard
   and
   the tip of a nose.
   The real Bin Laden is left-handed and yet this guy uses his right hand to
   change the ch-nnels throughout. Close ups of the ears of fake and real Bin
   Laden show they are not the same and other footage from the 'treasure trove'
   is just pictures released years ago claiming to be new.


20110517-Send Carrots to IRAH and IRAM !!!!@!-60247.html[12/03/2022 10:27:23]
The David I. Newsletter. Part 2.

   'New' footage found in the 'compound' that was circulating in 2007. They
   also
   did the same in 2007 when the footage below was released as 'new' when it
   was clearly the same video that had been circulating in 2002.
   So to the question, why now? Why fake the de-th of an already dea- man at
   this time. The reasons are many and are already becoming obvious by current
   actions and statements.
   This is where I fundamentally depart from what insider Steve Pie-zenik said
   on
   the Alex Jones Show and I can't believe that someone who has worked so
   closely
   with so many major manipulators over many decades could be so naive and
   lacking
   in understanding of what is really going on with regard to the big picture.
   He seemed to be saying that the Bin Laden de-th was faked because Barack
   Oba-a needed a serious boost to his public standing, given that he has been
   such a disaster, and that Secr-tary of State, Hillary Cl-nton, and Chairman
   of the
   Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mike M-llen, needed a 'victory' to cover up
   their incompetence.
   Has it been used to boost Ob-ma's standing? Absolutely it has, and it is no
   coincidence that days after the fake 'kil-ing' there was a commemoration for
   those who died on 9/11 at the Ground Zero site in New York where Ob-ma
   contemptuously exploited 9/11 families, first responders and the Bin Laden
   'kil-ing' to sell himself for another term in the Wh-te House in 2012.
   This focus on O-ama as some sort of 'hero' for 'getting' Bin Laden is crazy
   when, it turns out, he didn't make any decision to 'go in' even according to
   the fake narrative. Of course, he didn't. He does what he is told to do.
   Piecz-nik claims far too much power for Oba-a personally and his plaudits
   for
   Fa-her Bu-h, a serial p-edophile and mass m-rderer, were just sickening to
   hear - the same with his praise for Robert G-tes, the Defense Se-retary to
   puppet warmongers B-y B-sh and Ob-ma.
   So, yes, Oba-a is milking the '-illing' for his own approval rating, but is
   that the only, or even nearly only, reason for what has happened? You must
   be joking, and the more I heard of the Piecz-nik interview with regard to
   the
   'why' the less credible he sounded to me.
   Some of the many reasons for the Bin Laden hoax are:
   1.) The excuse to say that because of the kil-ing there are likely to be
   ter-orist reprisals and we have to impose more surveillance and Pol-ce State
   controls in places like railways, shopping malls, department stores, hotels,
   ch-rches and sports stadiums.
   We were told immediately after the hoax that they found evidence in the
   'compound' of plans to derail US trains and attack so-called 'soft targets
   ' - for that read 'we want to expand the Poli-e State into areas that we
   have
   not been able to justify before'.
   (See also, 'box-cutters' 'found' in houses in Afghanistan after 9/11; the
   'hijacker's passport' 'found' near Ground Zero after the towers collapsed;
   and
   Korans and 'flight manuals' 'found' at locations allegedly related to the
   '9/11 hijackers.)
   David B-ehm (Ro-hschild Zi-nist), Chief Operating Officer of S-curity USA
   Inc, was straight out of the blocks telling C-S that to keep people safe
   after
   the 'compound find' the soft targets need to be protected using, in effect,
   airport-style s-curity including the se-ual molestation known as the
   'pat-down'.
   Part 2.
   John Winston. johnfw@mlode.com


20110517-Send Carrots to IRAH and IRAM !!!!@!-60247.html[12/03/2022 10:27:23]
