{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:31:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30051, "source_ctime_ns": 1790683943786369845, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110308-Space-People-Of-A-Long-Time-Ago.-Part-2.-447-137eabdfc4.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790683943785259887, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110308-Space-People-Of-A-Long-Time-Ago.-Part-2.-447-137eabdfc4.pdf", "source_sha256": "9e72c175c51ee50f39242c32418c763ca65d29c38025221e2a55bbdb77682368"}

Space People Of A Long Time Ago. Part 2.


  Subject: Space People Of A Long Time Ago. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 08/03/2011, 06:54
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Space People A Long Time Ago.                       Part 2.            Mar. 7, 2011.
    In order for the author to be considered to be fair he does give some
  of the information out from the skeptics and debunkers.
    I will attempt to point these area out as we cover them in this
  material.
  .........................................
  .........................................
  In his last published work, [11] Sitchin returned to the Book of Genesis:
  The sons of God saw that the daughters of men were beautiful, and
  they married any of them they chose The Nephilim were on the earth in
  those days and also afterward when the sons of God went to the
  daughters of men and had children by them.
  They were the heroes of old, men of renown. [12]
  Sitchin speculates that Noah, who with his family survived the flood,
  might have been one of these heroes of old. If so, and if we are all
  descended from him, then we all have alien DNA in our make-up!
  Other believers in the idea that the gods have left a genetic imprint on
  the human race include the followers of Rael (see FT142:6;168:6). (JW
  Now I don't agree with a lot of teachings that this group puts out.
  They have contact people who are like Jehovah, a very jelous and
  rouh individual. I don't want to kicked around by that sort sort of
  space people over again.) They believe the extraterrestrials responsible
  for designing human beings were the Elohim, who, when returning
  to check up on their creations, were mistaken for angels or gods. Rael,
  whose original name was Claude Vorilhon, is an ex-racing driver who
  leads a religion officially recognised in the USA which claims to be the
  largest UFO religion in the world.
  He tells of having a dramatic encounter with a humanoid being from
  another planet at a volcano park in the center of France: This
  extraterrestrial gave him a new detailed explanation of our origins and
  information on how to organize our future. (JW They didn't create all
  the people on Earth but they did take a few Neanderthal beings and
  modified them to make slaves to work in their gold mines of Africa.)
  Rael accepted the mission given to him, to inform humanity of this
  revolutionary message and to prepare the population to welcome
  their Creators, the Elohim.
  In every culture on Earth, a messenger is expected, whether it is the
  Maitreya of the Buddhists, the Messiah of the Jews, the Paraclete
  of the Christians, or any other name that has been given by the many
  tribes around the world.
  This expected messenger, like all the previous ones, isn't supposed
  to please everyone, but to state what our Creators are expecting from
  us. This is what Rael has been doing for more than 30 years.
  The Raelian church is probably best known to the outside world for its
  desire to restore the swastika as a religious, rather than political,
  symbol, its claims about alien and human cloning and its liberal
  teachings on sexuality.
  One of the FAQs on its website asks: I read in the papers that you
  organize orgies, is this true?
  Despite the common thread the idea that the human race was visited
  in ancient history by space-travellers the various popular versions differ
  enormously. The contrast between, for instance, the work of Robert
  Temple and David Icke could not be greater.
  Temple's book The Sirius Mystery was published in 1975 and explores
  the claim that the Dogon people of Mali have a tradition that Earth
  was once visited by travellers from the star system of Sirius. These
  alien visitors brought the human race higher knowledge, and the
  legend explains the Dogon interest in, and seemingly advanced
  knowledge of, astronomy (see FT140:309331). While Temple's work
  has been challenged, his claims were relatively cautious ones and
  have not spawned any form of religious movement.
  (JW Now we get into some of the explanations that cover the
  skepic way of looking at things.)
  By contrast, David Icke, the former professional goalkeeper and
  television presenter who in 1991 told Terry Wogan that he was


20110308-Space People Of A Long Time Ago. Part 2.-447.html[12/03/2022 10:25:49]
Space People Of A Long Time Ago. Part 2.

  the Son of God, has become synonymous with the extreme end of
  extraterrestrial theology. Here, beliefs about alien visitors suggest
  that they are not necessarily benign. Living underground, ays Icke,
  are communities of shape-shifting reptiles who are a malign force
  in the world and manipulate the minds of the mass of the human
  population via world leaders under their control. (See FT129:309331)
  Predating Rael, Sitchin, Icke, von Daniken and others was George
  King, founder of the Aetherius Society. The then-taxi driver contact
  with alien life-forms can be dated precisely to a day early in 1954,
  when out of the blue he heard the command, Prepare yourself.
  You are to become the Voice of the Interplanetary Parliament. From
  that day until his death in 1997 (obit. FT104:49), King became the
  channel by which the alien intelligence identified as Mars Sector 6
  communicated with the human race.
  Today, The Aetherius Society, which he founded, is a worldwide
  organization with an avowedly altruistic agenda whose aim is to
  help heal and uplift humanity through spiritual action.
  As the Society's literature puts it: Our world is accelerating into a
  world of selfishness and materialistic hedonism causing an increase
  in violence and terrorism around the world and a rapid depletion of
  Earth's resources.
  The solution is spiritual action, true dedicated tireless spiritual action
  for the many.
  The Cosmic Masters, our spiritual elders from other worlds, have come
  again to help us in our time of need.
  They come now to you, with compassion and desire to help. They come
  with great hope, offering mystical tools of white magic that can give
  you the spiritual power available only to advanced adepts centuries ago.
  [14]
  ACCORDING TO THE EVIDENCE
  So, if the idea that contact with extraterrestrial beings explains many
  ancient and modern religious movements is widely believed in
  some quarters, how plausible an explanation is it?
  Have the prophets and seers who have reported what sound like alien
  encounters really seen alien life forms, or have they and their followers
  misinterpreted experiences perhaps hallucinations of a more mundane
  kind?
  Hard, verifiable evidence is scarce.
  Sitchin challenged scientists to look for alien DNA in the 4,500-year-old
  bones of Queen Puabi of Ur.
  She was described as a goddess, he claimed, and might be close enough
  in ancestry to the original space-travellers for their genetic input to be
  identifiable. But even he accepted this might be a long shot and
  emphasised the might be in his suggestion.
  As for von Daniken since his claims were first published, several of the
  pieces of his supposed evidence have been specifically debunked. His
  own background, which includes a spell in a Swiss jail for fraud, has been
  exposed and his credentials as a scholar challenged.
  What is noticeable from his own writing is that while von Daniken
  makes much of supposed scientific evidence, he has little grasp
  of the science himself. For instance, he presents as an amazing and
  significant fact that the area of the base of the Pyramid of Cheops divided
  by twice its height gives us the figure Pi: 3.14159.
  Here our slippery trickster has made a claim which is easy enough to
  understand, but its refutation requires a higher level of mathematical
  sophistication, which is all the better for letting the deception go
  unnoticed! wrote Robert Sheaffer (JW I've met this person and had him
  on my TV show that I hosted called called Science Faction. I would say
  of him that he is a true skeptic.) in his essay Science or Charlatanism?
  Other pieces of evidence adduced by von Vaniken have come under similar
  attack. Famously, he claimed that a carving in Palenque, Mexico, showed
  an ancient astronaut seated in a spacecraft the smoking gun that proved
  the Maya, like ancient cultures all over the world, had been visited by
  gods from outer space. In 1977, the BBC's Horizon programme broadcast an
  episode called the The Case of the Ancient Astronauts, in which von
  Daniken's theories were subjected to critcal scrutiny. The experts weren't
  impressed: Geologist and Mayan expert Dr Ian Graham explained his view
  of the figure on the Palenque Stone. Well I certainly don't see any need
  to regard him as a spaceman, he said. I don't see any oxygen tubes. I see
  a very characteristically drawn Maya face. The carving showed not an
  alien visitor, but a celebrated Palenque ruler called Pakal.
  Even the suggestion that there is an ancient airport in the South American
  desert has proved to be misguided, according to the sceptics.
  The precise purpose of these and other large-scale lines= remains
  mysterious, but they can be explained as the artwork of the Nazca people.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20110308-Space People Of A Long Time Ago. Part 2.-447.html[12/03/2022 10:25:49]
Space People Of A Long Time Ago. Part 2.


20110308-Space People Of A Long Time Ago. Part 2.-447.html[12/03/2022 10:25:49]
