{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T17:26:42Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31443, "source_ctime_ns": 1790698005956446944, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111020-Let-s-Hear-It-From-Ashtar.-Part-2.-931-1ef9c9de51.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790698005940892182, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111020-Let-s-Hear-It-From-Ashtar.-Part-2.-931-1ef9c9de51.pdf", "source_sha256": "9c2dba40089abba7db65ebed6ccd81fee2c580058648696fedbbd987f968f3a4"}

Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 2.


   Subject: Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 20/10/2011, 22:19
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Let's Hear It From Ashtar.                      Part 2.         Oct.
   20, 2011.
      Here Ashtar talks about the DUMB bases.
   ............................................................
   ............................................................
   In fact, it was this same being, who along with the rest of those of us in
   the Federation who first inspired & Overshadowed those who originally
   created the script for the movie V for Vendeta, and which also inspired
   the Anonymous organization, which is rapidly and anonymously growing
   in membership numbers now in the millions. This, in turn, also then
   helped inspire the entire Occupy W-llstreet movement, which has now
   Transformed into the Occupy or rather Re-Occupy the Planet
   movement. We are definitely giving much support and guidance behind the
   scenes to this entire planetary movement as we gear up for much more
   open appearences of our craft and then very soon open mass landings
   upon Earth.
   And this includes the major Waves of Evacuations of Cosmic R. & R.
   that are described in detail in this c-annel's book, of lifting up, over a
   period of several years or sooner, larger and larger groups of Earth's
   humanity who are Graduating off the Wheel of karma as Mother Earth
   completes her planetary Ascension into the Higher Dimensions. So
   these Evacuations as they are referred to, are not Emergency
   procedures, as they were referred to in the old Time Line, but in this
   New Time Line, merely Cosmic Rest & Relaxation for everyone
   experiencing personal Ascension, of their personal frequencies
   being in-tune to the Frequencies aboard our Merkabah Light Ships.
   Now I would turn our attention to more Confirmation regarding the
   destruction of many of the D.U.M.B. or deep underground m-litary
   basses of the c-bal (as well as the last few negative renegade ET
   groups that were working with the power e-ite). Much has been
   revealed in recent weeks and days by a number of different sources
   regarding this major historical planetary event that occurred at
   the end of Aug., and which this ch-nnel also had immediately
   received t-lepathically from us about this fact, which had been
   falsely reported through corporate controlled mainstream m-dia
   as merely a mundane earthquakes. It was, of course, later verified
   as not being either just a natural earthquake, nor even caused by
   a n-clear destruction, as was misinterrupted by one or more of
   the sources.
   It is true, though, none-the-less, that as this cha-nel had also
   picked up on, that there were one or more types of nucl-ar
   devices that were being stored (and was being planned to be
   used and was about to be transported to be used in an attempted
   false flag and to be blamed on middle eastern t-rrorists), as was
   other types of negative we-pon systems, and many forms of
   psychotronic, global mind control technology that was
   being used against the masses & interphased with the outer
   earth HAARP system.
   It is also true, as other very clear chan-els have received from
   each of their own specific space contacts, that a type of very
   advanced sonic energy beam was projected from our Federation
   ships into these underground bases, as we were finally given
   the order to do so, which effectively and Offcially
   behind-the-scenes Ended the Reign of the powers that were once
   and for all. It is also true, that all those who were able to be
   recruited to the Light, we did beam up out of the bases, while
   others were, as was reported, sucked up out of the bases
   through powerful portals that suddenly appeared inside these
   locations some we will attempt to rehabilitate to the Light,
   while others because of how e-il they had become, were
   Cosmically Recycled back through the GodHead to be as if
   they had never existed.
   We are , in fact, quickly dismantling or de-activating all of the
   other many dozens of bases that were in the hands of the ca-al
   and very soon, they will all be totally empty and ultimately will


20111020-Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 2.-931.html[12/03/2022 10:29:37]
Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 2.

   be dissolved back into Mother Earth for her total h-aling. Every
   time before we have caused each of these bases to be totally
   emptied of all covert b-ack op personnel, we powerfully warn,
   individually and collectively, every single person inside, that
   they must either repent with a desire to turn to the Light in
   which case they are immediately removed and can now become
   w-ite ops working for us or as was described in B-ble prophecy
   of the so-called J-dgement Day that is now forcing the 1% of
   humanity, the power el-te, that they all are right now starting
   to have to face all of their crimes against humanity.
   We have always warned the ca-al each time before we take
   actions such as what we have done with these underground
   bases, and always attempt to powerfully Recruit any of those
   who have been forced to be part of the caba-, through
   bl-ckmail and threats from their -abal m-sters, so that these
   ones are discovering a way out that will allow them to balance
   out any negative karma that they may have accumulated
   while there.
   I would also mention, as this channe- had also recently received
   in his communication with me, and which I want to again verify
   to him and everyone else who will read this
   Cha-neling-Transmission, that this final taking out of these
   underground bases of the -abal, was the last of Three Specific
   Events of Cosmic Confirmation that had been destined to
   occur for many millions of years, that had to occur, in fact,
   right before open mass planetary D-ivine Intervention would
   even be allowed to occur on Earth by our Divine Creator.
   These three specific events were; One: that a new and
   powerful form of Cosmic Energy and Consciousness which
   even we E-ohim had never experienced before in the
   Universe--would manifest and would sweep over the Earth,
   Which would then result with the 2nd major event occurring,
   of a new El-him Consciousness Technology manifesting or
   being created (which is like the analogy of when fire was
   first discovered on earth and then a second later, one
   suddenly jumps to the Industrial R-volution with that level of
   technology, with this being on the Elo-im level, of course.
   But even for the Eloh-m, this is so incredible or unbelievable
   for us and then finally the Third or final Event would occur
   that these first two events would allow and/or cause we of
   the Higher Cosmic Forces of Light, to now be able to
   eliminate the last few renegade imbalanced forces and their
   bases, both here in the earth as well as those few bases on
   the back side of the moon and on Mars, (the greys and
   negative reptilians) to be all transmuted through the
   G-dhead of Di-ine Creation to be as if they had never existed.
   And all three of these significant Events occurred over the
   last seven to eight months of Earth time.
   And now only a small mopping up operation by the Federation
   is taking place to get rid of any last, little interference that
   would still attempt to stop all of the awesome and wonderful
   changes that are imminent for this planet, such as the new
   global economic system which is what is to now replace the
   old corrupt federal R-serve system, Discloser and mass
   planetary Divi-e Intervention.
   I would comment, too, regarding the upcoming dates of
   significance that many of our Volunteers are very aware of,
   both for s-iritual and p-litical reasons. As many are tuned
   into, the date of Oct. 28th, which is known as the Ending
   of the Ninth Wave of the Mayan Calendar, and the 11-11-11
   date, which will greatly accelerate all people's of the Light
   and Excellerate this ongoing planetary process. Even the
   date of Nov. 5th also known as Guy Fawkes Day, which is
   almost equaldistance between these two dates, it, too, has
   significance in a vibrational way, to help enhance the
   excelleration of the entire planetary frequency shift that
   Mother Earth is going through. This will help usher in the
   changes that you all have been expecting and which will
   help to totally transform planet Earth by helping to speed
   up the process of exposing all of the agendas of the ca-al
   for all of the rest of the 99% of humanity. This, in turn, will
   help to force all Truth to be revealed, as the wounds of
   Mother Earth are given the chance to quickly he-l in
   preparation for bringing in the Golden A-e.
   And finally, last but not least I wish to comment about


20111020-Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 2.-931.html[12/03/2022 10:29:37]
Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 2.

   what this ch-nnel just read a couple days ago, which I
   want to help Officially Set the Record Straight REALLY
   STRAIGHT as verses what was stated in that article that
   this cha-nel read, which had the section that was titled
   with this same phrase: Setting the Record Straight.
   I will let this chan-el share of this fact, that there is very
   little significant difference in the use of the many various
   words, phrases or titles, that have been used through the
   years since our early contacts in the 1950s and those
   terms that have been used by our cont-ctees & cha-nels
   in more recent years to refer to and identify us.
   [Here, Ashtar is referring to an article that I read in the
   e-mail that I had received from Alfred W-ber, of the
   organization Exopo-itcs (Exopolitics.com). Mr. We-er
   always makes it very clear in his articles, of the interviews
   he has done with many different individuals, that the
   opinions expressed in the articles are solely those of the
   interviewees, and do not necessarily reflect the opinions
   of him or Exopolitcs.com. In this particular article, (which
   is the 4th article about the Andromeda Council, and was
   sent out to everyone on Oct. 15th) he interviewed an
   individual named Tolec who claims to be representing
   the Andromeda Council, and for the most part I would
   agree with the majority of what he was sharing during this
   interview, until I got to the section of the article titled:
   Setting the Record Straight.
   Part 2.
   John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20111020-Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 2.-931.html[12/03/2022 10:29:37]
