{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T09:38:20Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32597, "source_ctime_ns": 1790672216044113226, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110511-Lance-Campbell-On-Coasttocoastam.-598.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790672216032508557, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110511-Lance-Campbell-On-Coasttocoastam.-598.pdf", "source_sha256": "918c64e8fa2a40857fee41d3e4e49eb84ec54f11927aa95179b9d3b1df854445"}

Lance Campbell On Coasttocoastam.


  Subject: Lance Campbell On Coasttocoastam.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 11/05/2011, 23:19
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Lance Campbell On Coasttocoastam                                May
  11, 2011.
    Here's something about the person who was on Coasttoam radio and
  while driving a truck, an alien spacecraft went along beside him.
  ..............................................................
  ..............................................................
  *My Transformational
  C-anneled Readings Are Now Recorded On CD's, Recent
  Updating of Revolutionary Elohim Consciousness Technologies, and Lance
  Campbell's Confirmation of Cosmic Higher Light Encodements are also
  being transferred onto the CD*
  I wanted to share a very recent development with everyone, who have either
  experienced one of my Transformational Ch-nneled Reading sessions with me
  in the past, or those who are interested in experiencing one soon (as well
  as anyone who wants to get an another Update Cha-neling session). For the
  last approximately 32 years, since that 2nd physical encounter with the
  Elohim on board one of the Merkabah A-htar Command Federation Light Ships in
  1979 (as I share quite in-dept in my book *Prepare For TheLandings Are
  YOUReady?!
  PrepareFortheLandings.com-
  I have been recording all my sessions on audio magnetic tapes.
  There was, in fact, a major reason that I had never until very recently,
  updated or changed the way at which I was recording them. As I have shared
  with many of those I have done these Transformational Cha-neled Readings
  for, that I had [originally] been informed by our Friends Upstairs
  that only audio magnetic tapes could work for use in these sessions. This
  was
  partly because even though it has been touted by those here on earth who had
  sold us or pushed upon those of us on a civilian, public level that CD's &
  DVD's are supposedly so much more advanced and superior in quality
  than the older reel to reel tapes, VHS video and even the audio magnetic
  tapes,
  I had spoken to several people who had mentioned to me, that from a real
  quality point of view, of those who had a very precise ear for music, as
  an example, they had stated that they really felt that the specific tones,
  vibrations and other subtle qualities of these earlier musical recordings
  were actually superior as compared to these same recordings that were
  transfered onto CD's and DVD's. So from a musical vibrational quality
  point of view, it was somewhat obvious that these (or at least some of
  these) more suble vibrational-frequencies of the original recordings were
  somehow being lost or not transferred onto technology that was sold to us as
  being superior or more advanced.
  But, of course, this would definitely be true if one was part of those b-ack
  op, covert agencies of the go-ernment, who do, in fact, have many very
  advanced, better quality technologies, which are literally many decades
  ahead of what is available to us on a public level, except they have not
  been using them to help uplift us all and improve the greater quality of our
  lives and for Mother Earth; instead they have used these technologies to
  attempt to control and manipulate us all.
  So this was one of the factors that helped indicate the original so-called
  limiting factors of using certain types of available recording
  technologies, besides what our Friends Upstairs had explained to me,
  about the important need to being able to not only record the conscious
  information that was being Direct Voice Chann-led thru me during these
  sessions from L-rd As-tar and the other various Higher Beings. But also
  these much more subtle, but powerful vibrational-Frequency Higher Light
  Encodements/positive Cosmic Subliminals (which are also very unique to each
  Light Worker experiencing these wonderfully Transformational sessions) that
  were always able to be Cosmically Downloaded thru me onto the magnetic
  tape, from the Merkabah Federation Light Ship that is hovering overhead on
  the Higher Dimensions while the session is occurring.
  In fact, the importance of making sure that this whole unique process was


20110511-Lance Campbell On Coasttocoastam.-598.html[12/03/2022 10:27:19]
Lance Campbell On Coasttocoastam.

  totally complete and not even slightly lessened was always of extreme
  importance to me and our Friends Upstairs, to make sure that the MAXIIMUM
  FULL POTENTIAL was indeed able to be FULLY Cosmically Downloaded. Another
  way of explaining it was that these Encodements had to be harmonically
  interfaced and in-sync to be able to be placed onto the audio magnetic
  tapes by the Elohim M-sters with their Consciousness Technologies. These
  Encodements are designed depending, proportionally, of course, on how much
  each Light Worker is willing to rise to the occasion (as in G-d helps
  those who help themselves) and with one's best intenitons, to fulfill
  one's individual mission for being here in Earth embodiment of opening up
  the
  neuro-pathways and synaptic centers of the brain, along with activating and
  restoring the original full 12 strands of DNA each time it is played back,
  and this also helps to manifest the new 24 strand DNA as well. And I have
  heard numerous personal stories/testimonies of these many Transformations
  that my different clients have reported back to me have been experiencing.
  But besides these ultimate aspects of the sessions, one of the many common
  experiences and affects that everyone who played back the tape of the
  sessions, was the fact that each time one would play back their tape, that
  even after dozens of times of playing back the tapes they all claimed that
  they would literally hear things that were not on the tape when they first
  played the tape back, and that each additional playback, more things kept
  showing up on the tape that they had not heard the other times they had
  played the tape back. And my curiosity and concern was, that if I ever did
  change the format or way at which I was to record these sessions, would
  not only this most important aspect, of being able to allow these same,
  exact affects, of these Higher Light Encodements still come through while
  it was played back, and would one also still hear more each time, with
  additional information being heard when they played it back?
  But then, very recently, during the Jan. 19th interview on George Noory's
  Coast to Coast AM show (you can listen to this three hour interview by
  going to
  ChannelFortheMasters.com
  , and clicking on the image of the show, with George Noory and Aurora Light
  and myself, with the front cover of ourbook), which I only very briefly
  mentioned during the show. I had just been informed by Ash-ar right before
  the show that he and all of our Friends Upstairs were very excited because
  of some kind of extremely new Revolutionary Elohim Consciousness
  Technology had just come on Line that they had never had before. I really
  did not know just exactly HOW extremely more advanced this particular
  Consciousness Technology (as compared to what they had had before)
  was until alittle later, and since the show, I learned a lot more about what
  this new type of Elohim Consciousness Technology is now capable of doing.
  Also, since the C. to C. show, the intensity and strength of the Cosmic
  Energies that I always experience while during these sessions have also
  stepped up or increased considerably. So much so, that a few years ago, I
  would barely have been able to handle the intensity of these Cosmic
  Frequencies because of how concentrated they now have become, when they
  place the Energy Beam from the ship over me, moments before the beginning of
  the sessions, as they are preparing to Cosmically Download these Higher
  Light Encodements along with this new change in how I Am now able to record
  these sessions.
  Just one example of what the Elohim are now capable of doing and
  influencing, is instead of it taking ages and lifetimes for most of the
  laggards or s-uls who had been stuck on the Wheel of Karma to even be
  able to Graduate and eliminate all of the necessary or required negative
  karma, now literally it will only take most of them anywhere between just
  a few months to a few years of Earth time to do this, because of these
  Sac-ed Di-ine Cosmic Affects of the use of this special technology.
  Then, a few weeks ago, Asht-r informed me that as one of the many benefits
  of this newer Consciousness Technologies (which has also coincided with many
  people also asking me if I could now record my sessions onto a CD verses the
  older method of using an audio magnetic tape) I could, in fact do this, that
  those very important after affects already referred to would, in fact,
  pass through now also in digital format and/or onto the CD.
  Then, on April 13th, Lance Campbell, the trucker (who had received that
  powerful Cosmic Kosher Stamp of Approval from his own space contacts,
  of the huge Merkabah Light Ship physically moving up and down in a strong
  YES Confirmation about the Authenticity of my book * Prepare For The
  Landings!* and my own work & mission), was guided to also experience
  one of my personal Transformational Channe ed Readings.
  Here, almost word for word, as quoted from the phone message he left for me,
  was the very wonderful and uplifting message/testimonial he left for me to
  share what he thought:


20110511-Lance Campbell On Coasttocoastam.-598.html[12/03/2022 10:27:19]
Lance Campbell On Coasttocoastam.


  Hi, Michael, this is Lance Campbell calling from Salt Lake. Hey, I wanted
  to touch base back with you; I'm sorry it took so long, but I wanted to let
  you know I received the CD, and the clarity was wonderful, and you were
  right the more I listen to it, the more information I get from it. I have
  probably listened to it more than 20 times already. As I said, the more I
  listen to it the more information I get, the more things are happening. But
  I just wanted to let you know that it sounds great, and the clarity is
  wonderful. But anyway, I just wanted to touch base back with you, because
  I told you I would let you know what I thought of it, as I have had time to
  listen to it. Anyway, it sounds like it is going to work out great because
  you're really doing your job well. There's more going on since my
  Cha-neling session with you. I'm seeing different type of ships now, too.
  There's a lot more going on, and things are starting to happen for me.
  Other
  things, too, I'll have to share with you soon about that as well, sometime,
  when I can. Anyway, thanks again for the Ch-nneling, and I'll talk to you
  soon.*
  * *
  By the way, when I was informed about this new recording format technology
  update, I asked As-tar to specifically connect me with someone who was used
  to using the specific type of electronic equipment that I needed to now use,
  and of course since I have been on my extended Book Signing & Workshop tour
  these recent months, I needed to have something as small as possible that I
  could now use that was very extremely compact, which could digitally record
  all my sessions, and then they could be transferred onto my small laptop
  computer, and then be transferred onto a CD (with Mp3 format).
  Part 1.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110511-Lance Campbell On Coasttocoastam.-598.html[12/03/2022 10:27:19]
