{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T03:23:53Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31171, "source_ctime_ns": 1790770179357437516, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110328-How-Did-We-Get-Here_-Part-8.-493-54c2143e4b.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790770179355260390, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110328-How-Did-We-Get-Here_-Part-8.-493-54c2143e4b.pdf", "source_sha256": "802b838684927beeb7213f60a8255da6342bb509335f3878a887ae4da1c5f62e"}

How Did We Get Here? Part 8.


  Subject: How Did We Get Here? Part 8.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 28/03/2011, 22:38
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: How Did We Get Here?                Part 8.                Mar. 28,
  2011.
     This talks about the Hoovids.
  ......................................................
  ......................................................
  The Hoovid r-ce was also chosen for the implantation of
  "individuality and determination," and perhaps an ingredient of
  "tenacity." The Nine say that the difficulties this ra-e brought
  with them to the planet, however, were in the matters of "obedience
  and compassion." The Hoovids did not obey their original directives
  they came with, and have not obeyed ever since. This circumstance is
  mitigated by the fact that they also do not have enough understanding
  of, or compassion for, other ra-es.
    "They set themselves up on a pinnacle and they do not comprehend
  that by doing this they are putting themselves up as a target for
  slaughter, for in the center they are the purest and gentlest. . . And
  thus I-rael is important . . . All these years the opposition (the Dark
  Side) has bound it . . . The other civilizations are bound and hindered
  by the obstinacy of the Hoovids."
  The Nine say the Hoovids have a basic strength within their character,
  but also the planet they come from is a w-r-like planet. In coming here
  to Earth, they were asked to be at peace. They were asked to be
  catalysts and leaders amongst the peoples of Earth, but instead they
  have doubt, suspicion and deception. Part of the reason for their
  involvement with this planet was to overcome that very factor -
         "Within them lives the knowledge that they have made an error,
  but because of pride, they will not acknowledge this."
         The Nine explain this error by saying that when the Hoovids agree
  to more freely intermingle with the other -aces and share their DNA,
  their life-force, it will create a greater opening in humanity, and with
  it a great release that will in turn help to release the Universe. They
  say that the stresses and strains of earthly life caused the H-brews to
  look increasingly after their own interests and people, which ended up
  being counter-productive. The opposition then "got their oar in."
         "The Hoovids . . . are a small group of people that have
  survived at all odds, a small group who have continued to educate and
  forward all their peoples, but this is not to say they are perfect . . .
  The majority of people working with s-iritual elevation contain
  somewhere in them the genes of the Hoovids."
         The lost tribes of Is-ael were dispersed to far off places such as
  Afghanistan, Ethiopia, North America, and were also mixed in with
  various peoples such as the Phoenicians, the Celts, and even the
  Orientals. Joseph S-ith, founder of the Mo-mon Ch-rch, was fond of
  saying that most North Americans are "more Je-ish than the
  Je-s." It was one of these lost tribes that were the origins of the
  Bl-odline of the Holy Grail as explained in Laurence G-rdner's work,
  as we shall see later.
         As well as the `benevolent civilizations out there in the
  Universe, there are also those who have aligned themselves with the Dark
  Side, and even many who have simply been taken over by the Dark Side by
  force of arms and other more exotic weaponry. An excerpt from
  Solara's EL:AN:RA - The H-aling of Orion gives us a more detailed
  view of this kind of interaction in narrative form:
         "All of this was done under a cloak of utmost s-crecy, for
  Kurala still distrusted most of the spider people. She knew that when
  the time came, that they would fight fiercely alongside them against the
  OMNI, but she didn't want to risk revealing their plans before the
  time was ripe. In the meantime, she stills sent forth w-r parties of
  spider people to conquer small, insignificant planets, in order not to
  arouse anyone's suspicion.


20110328-How Did We Get Here_ Part 8.-493.html[12/03/2022 10:25:59]
How Did We Get Here? Part 8.

         "Shamo was not told about any of this. Both Kurala and Shakarr
  agreed on this matter. He remained in extreme pain and spent most of his
  time moaning and writhing about in his bed. Kurala would visit Shamo
  several times a day, sitting solicitously at his bedside, stroking his
  furry b-ack legs. She was appalled by the presence of his Orion
  implants. Every time that she looked at them it renewed her will to
  fight the dreaded OMNI. Kurala murmured to him that soon he would be
  he-led, for indeed, she had sent messengers forth to bring back
  Galaxitron the finest hea-ers who could be found.
         "During the period of preparation, Kurala was given little
  time to think about AAla-dar. Yet his memory would emerge into her
  consciousness at the most unexpected times. Sometimes, it appeared as if
  he resided within her. His handsome face would shine with love; she
  would see his starry eyes cajoling her to serve the Light.
         "Her response to this depended upon her mood as well as her
  outer activities at the moment. Sometimes she would flash an angry reply
  at him. "Go away, leave me alone! I have chosen the task that you
  and your Intergalactic Confederation should have taken on." At
  other, quieter moments, she would allow herself to bask in his love,
  calling for him to giver her strength and support. On occasion, she
  would wonder if there was any way they could ever be together.
         ". . . The renegade ships zoomed by the Galaxitron craft from
  both sides, cutting across their ship at weird diagonal angles, forcing
  them to slow down to almost nothing. As the ships cut closer and closer
  to them, Kurala shouted to her crew to bring the ship to hover position.
         "So they want to play it rough with us, do they?" Kurala
  whispered with excitement. "This is not quite the welcome I
  expected."
  "She personally took over the ship's controls. Her features
  tensed with concentration as she waited for the right instant to act.
  Nearly forgetting to breathe, she sat with her hand ready upon the
  hyperspace throttle. Here they came again, even nearer. This time she
  could feel the oscillating air currents of the passing ships bombard her
  craft. Then she acted. With spit second precision, she activated both
  hyperspace and reverse simultaneously. This, she had never done before
  and wasn't quite sure if it would work. But actually, Kurala had
  discovered an old secret used by the triple Commanders for entering
  Orion's sword.
         "Without a second's hesitation, she slammed the ship
  forward and then after the briefest of pauses, out of hyperspace. There
  just ahead of them loomed the planet Maldon. If she had traveled another
  instant in hyperspace, their ship would have rammed right into it.
  Instead, the craft from Galaxitron made a graceful, swooping arc over
  the spaceport, then delicately landed as if it had been a normal,
  unhurried entry.
  ". . . This was his mystery and his mark of greatness and why he
  has chosen to stand in the center of the OMNI. It could be said that if
  you truly looked at Zeon carefully, with your clearest vision, you would
  see a small sphere of white within his vast vortex of blackness. Only
  one being at a time within the entire of the Dark L-rds of Orion was
  given this circle to embody. But it was essential to the D-vine Plan in
  accordance with Universal Law, that always there be one embodiment.
    . . . "No, we will wait for Quintron. He probably just hasn't
  arrived yet and should be here anytime. I wish that he had picked a
  planet with better energy though. This must be his stupid idea of a bad
  joke, trying to scare us," she replied.
    "Well, it worked! I'm definitely scared! So let's get out
  of here!" Shakarr rattled with terror.
  "Kurala admitted to herself that she was also afraid and Shakarr
  wasn't making things easier by his whimpering. Maybe it would be
  smarter if they left this place, the quicker the better.
  "O.K. Shakarr, let's get ready to take off; we've had enough
  of this grim planet."
  "Kurala moved to the bridge as they prepared to ascend. As they
  became airborne, a curious thing happened. Every time their ship reached
  a certain altitude of ascent, it was as if a ceiling had been placed
  above them. They could only go up so far. Each time they hit an
  invisible barrier which bounced them back downwards.


20110328-How Did We Get Here_ Part 8.-493.html[12/03/2022 10:25:59]
How Did We Get Here? Part 8.

  "With mounting frustration, Kurala tried to remove the energy shield
  by shooting it with lasers an photon beams. The barrier remained in
  position. She even considered throwing her ship into hyperspace, but
  that would be suicide for sure. Most star systems were cluttered with
  too many planetary bodies to propel your way through in hyperspace. All
  they had to do was hit one of these deformed moon fragments and they
  would be thrown into another dimension by the heightened impact created
  by hyperspace thrust.
  "Great welcome, Quintron!" Kurala muttered angrily as she rammed
  into the barrier again. She attempted to slide under and around the
  energy shield, but met with no success. Finally, giving up, the wa-ship
  from Galaxitron landed awkwardly on the runway.
  "Instantly it was surrounded by a multitude of small, grey craft
  which rained down from the sky relentlessly. Curious looking beings
  began to emerge from the space station and the crafts, walking rapidly
  towards her ship. Several of them held photon detonators, ready to
  throw.
  "Come out of your ship, now, alien intruders," announced a
  metallic voice.
  "Come out immediately or we will vaporize you."
  "Well, I guess that I have no choice but to disembark," said
  Kurala. Of all the possible traps that she had considered, this was
  something she had never thought of. She pondered briefly whether
  Quintron had been captured by these grey beings too, but they hadn't
  seen any signs of his ship. Besides he wouldn't be traveling alone.
  Part 8.
  John Winston. johnfw@mlode.com


20110328-How Did We Get Here_ Part 8.-493.html[12/03/2022 10:25:59]
