{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:38:24Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29979, "source_ctime_ns": 1790670692591197302, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110529-Deep-Springs.-Part-2.-636-074974cfaa.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790670692329789638, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110529-Deep-Springs.-Part-2.-636-074974cfaa.pdf", "source_sha256": "aa34dcf0a1ed41fe26a3e7ce0a7d008843d6c9e2bcd8ef1eb628bbbea6435ef8"}

Deep Springs. Part 2.


   Subject: Deep Springs. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 29/05/2011, 21:50
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Deep Springs.             Part 2.
   May 30, 2011.
     Deep Springs is a small town and there is a college there that can
   be visited. I doubt if you will find anything of an unusual nature going
   on there. Probably if you go there as a tourist you will probably find
   nothing and the people who live there will probably laugh at you because
   a lot of other people have come there looking for the bad space people.
   It would be sort of like going to the town of Mt. Shasta and looking
   for the people from inside the mountain.
   ................................................
   ................................................
   Some c-ntactees state that Hale-Bopp is being used by Reptiloid
   entities from Draconis and Greys from Orion who have joined with a
   renegade 'Ashtar' faction from Sirius-B, resident within Hale-Bopp's
   'companion'. They are determined to back a world dictatorship by
   bringing the 'comet' close to earth in order to 'trigger' the implants
   within abductees and simultaneously activate their unconscious
   subliminal programs via powerful transmitting devices. (JW I still
   like Ashtar and believe that he is doing a good job.) This is not to
   mention the potential and destabilizing 'shock' value that this comet
   might pose to planetary p-litical, economic and r-ligious systems.
   It would seem that a Federation of Worlds, based in the Andromeda
   and Pleiades constellations, are attempting to 'blockade' the
   interventionist actions of the Draco-Orion empire in the Sol system.
   According to co-tactees these Federation forces will soon be joined by
   a massive fleet from Sirius-B, who are apparently Federation allies
   who have [let us hope] severed themselves from a large segment of
   the Ashtar collective which has since been infiltrated and taken-over
   by Orion-based Reptiloids and Greys. These Andro-Pleiadean backed
   Sirians have reportedly waged, and won, a civil w-r in Sirius-B with
   the 'dark side', or the cultic renegade Ashtarian collaborators. They
   are now reportedly en route to the Sol system to do b-ttle with the
   Draconian-Orion forces and to convince the renegade Sirian
   collaborators who are working with them that they have and are
   being misled into an interventionist agenda. Like fanatical cultists,
   the rebel Sirians have blindly succumbed to the deceptions of the
   Reptilians, Greys and the Rebel A-gels in Hale-Bopp who are controlling
   the infiltrated segment of the Ashtar collective and are masquerading
   as "ascended m-sters" of the 'Ashtar' command. At least this is what
   some cont-ctees have implied. Are these conta-tees relaying the truth?
   I would guess that time will tell.
   As for the humans at the Nevada Test Site, these 'may' be in fact --
   if we are to believe the collective revelations within this volume
   -- victims of subtle reptilian propaganda and intimidation. For instance,
   this source who authored the letter about the 'EBE's' apparently
   believes that ALL of the saurian-grays or EBE's come from
   extra-terrestrial realms. However as we have indicated, there is much
   evidence suggesting that reptiloid or homosaurian activity exists deep
   within the subterranean cavernous levels throughout planet earth, an
   intra-terrestrial presence that has existed for many centuries if not for
   thousands of years. This is one fact that the reptiloids have tried to
   hide from humankind, both terrestrial and extraterrestrial. Also, there
   are accounts suggesting that the reptiloids and greys ARE IN FACT
   breeding profusely and reproducing themselves via deep subterranean
   polyembryony, cloning and incubation facilities below Dulce and
   elsewhere and are not as 'over-extended' as they might have us to
   believe. Some estimate that at the very least 20 million grays are
   now actively operating under the surface of planet earth within
   bases or within natural cavern systems. According to still others,
   20 million is a conservative estimate.
   However, on the other hand, the fear the humanoids might have of
   prematurely attacking the 'enemy' positions may possibly be the result
   of intimidation and propaganda intended to keep humans from taking
   OFFENSIVE action, believing that they are keeping the grays, etc., 'at
   bay' when in fact the Grays ARE ATTACKING OFFENSIVELY HUMAN
   S-CIETY on several other hidden fronts via mass abductions,
   subliminal programming, implantation, p-ychic manipulation, recruiting
   of 'fifth column' human agents, and infiltration. I personally do not


20110529-Deep Springs. Part 2.-636.html[12/03/2022 10:27:28]
Deep Springs. Part 2.

   believe in 'standoffs'.
   In wa- there is no 'neutrality', one is either attacking [in various ways]
   or capitulating themselves over to the enemy, in various ways -- ways
   which those on the defensive side might not even be aware of. The
   letter which we have quoted earlier continues:
   "The 'headquarters' of this particular 'surround' is Deep Springs,
   California. At this location one can find a 'school' for C-mmunist
   h-mosexuals who have defected to the EBEs in exchange for a c-re
   for A-Ds and a promise to their own little world, including reproduction
   via cloning and artificial wombs. Their sperm fertilize eggs taken from
   abductees. You will not likely see the hybrids hidden inside the mountain,
   unless you have... starlite binoculars. Some homosaphien APPEARING
   malevolents [mercenaries] are also there. Nine Soviets were there at
   the same time Soviets were at the NTS. They were there in the hopes
   of talking them into defecting back to our side. We are still hopeful.
   "The collaborators use the cover organization Natural Resources
   D-fense Council, with front offices in New York and 1350 New York
   Avenue, N.W., suite 300, W-shington, D.C. 20005 [tel.(202) 783-7800]. It
   is headed by Tom C-chran, staffed by Kevin P-iestly UNR, John
   B-une UNR, Holly E-sler UnSan Diego, Gary R-isling Univ. Ca.
   Pasadena, Holly N-lson NY, Mary M-nning LV Sun, Ed V-gel LVR; and
   many others I can reveal later.
   "One will also find that each corner of their triangle is at the base
   of a mountain. At each location you will find several entrances to
   underground systems. Do not attempt to enter, unless you wish to
   become liquid protein. You may however harass the EBEs' two other
   corners by placing a large magnet on the vaults... [placing a
   magnet on the other two entrances at each location will not affect
   anything]. This temporarily interrupts their communications with
   Deep Springs until a collaborator team comes out to see what is
   going on. If you place a large magnet on this entrance [it has a
   large computer near the surface, you can hear it], it will affect
   an immediate interruption. So, you can take it off in a short time
   [1 hr] and take it with you. They will still have to come and
   reset the system. If you plant magnets [camouflaged like rocks]
   around these entrances, the EBEs won't come out & the sell
   outs won't be able to find them. The EBEs are also allergic to
   high concentrations of sugar (and apparently other substances with
   a 'left hand atomic spin', it has been claimed. - Branton). You
   will find that at two locations I have poured sugar around their
   exits. Always wear magnets near these locations, they interrupt
   the EBEs' sense of direction [due to an internal compass much like
   those found in migrating birds] similar to our loss of balance
   when our ear drum is affected.
   "Please wait until I have returned, if you have an airplane, I would
   like to take aerial photos, we can photograph them together.
   "Our alliance crest, symbolic of the EM Shield, and our
   sign/mark/graffiti is inclosed. Do not reveal them or else everybody will
   use them & you won't know the real from the pseudos.
   "YOU DO NOT KNOW ME, I DO NOT KNOW YOU. THIS IS NOT FOR
   PUBLIC DISSEMINATION. ZEALOTS MAY DISRUPT THE BALANCE
   BEFORE V-EBE DAY."
   Another researcher by the name [pseudonym] of Jason Bishop
   has revealed that 'John', to whom the letter was addressed, is non
   other than John L-ar who himself claims many connections with
   people 'in the know' who go 'right to the top'. According to the
   letter, both the Nevada Test Site and Deep Springs are areas of
   conflict between a U.S. Go-erment - 'Nordic' Alliance AND a
   S-cialist - Reptiloid [Gray] Alliance. In this context 'So-ialist'
   could indicate either National Soci-list or Global Sociali-t. Both
   hold the same basic philosophies of t-ranny yet different methods
   for bringing them to pass. Both have the same roots and are
   apparently twin pincers in a d-adly Machievellian game that is
   being carried out by the B-varian I-luminati [which backed the
   Commu-ists by sending L-nin from Germany to Russia to incite the
   Bo-shevik revolution] and the Bav-rian Thule Society [which backed
   the N-zis by grooming Adolph Hi-ler for his part as Na-i dictator], yet
   most importantly it is being orchestrated by the International "B-ack
   Nobility" B-nking cults that have kept Europe under their financial
   grip since around 500 A.D. These are the same ba-kers who claim
   direct descent from the r-yal families of the ancient Roman and
   [un]H-ly Roman empires, families who have ties to BOTH Bav-rian
   cults -- Thule and Illumi-ati... and in turn with the 'aliens'.
   Part 2.
   John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110529-Deep Springs. Part 2.-636.html[12/03/2022 10:27:28]
Deep Springs. Part 2.


20110529-Deep Springs. Part 2.-636.html[12/03/2022 10:27:28]
