{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T15:15:41Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30847, "source_ctime_ns": 1790724490317890855, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110827-The-Book-Of-Aquarius.-822.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790724490298479721, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110827-The-Book-Of-Aquarius.-822.pdf", "source_sha256": "008ed76655e9d6955f8d195e9a4475d1b814e0c7cb7967ae07373b44006966cd"}

The Book Of Aquarius.


  Subject: The Book Of Aquarius.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 27/08/2011, 16:13
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Book Of Aquarius.
  Aug.27, 2011.
     We'll take a look at this information and see if we can figure it out.
  .......................................................
  .......................................................
  Subject: The Book of Aquarius | 1. The Book of Aquarius
  Date: Fri, 26 Aug 2011
  1. The Book of Aquarius
  The purpose of this book is to release one particular secret, which has
  been kept hidden for the last 12,000 years. The Philosophers' Stone, Elixir
  of Life, Fountain of Youth, Ambrosia, Soma, Amrita, Nectar of Immortality.
  These are different names for the same thing.
  Throughout history this secret has been used by a very few to extend their
  lives hundreds of years in perfect health, with access to unlimited wealth,
  among many other miraculous properties. Some kept the secret because
  they understood that the time was not right for the secret to be free for
  all people, but most kept the secret out of their own jealousy, ignorance,
  egotism and corruption.
  The Stone's history and the history of the human race up until this day is a
  strange story full of secret societies, hooded cloaks, and mystical symbols.
  Such theatrics are childish and shallow. It's pointless to look for the
  light
  in the shadows.
  The Philosophers' Stone operates and is made by entirely natural and
  scientific means. Truth is always simple, beautiful and easy to understand.
  The Philosophers' Stone is real; you can make it at home. The Stone
  makes old people young, heals all forms of sickness and disease, extends
  your life, turns any metal into gold, and more, as you will learn. This
  isn't
  a myth or a metaphor, it's a fact.
  Don't judge this book before you've read it. This is not one of those airy
  fairy books written in all kinds of mystical language, filling pages with
  words that makes sentences but not sense. This book will make more
  sense than anything you've ever read before.
  The age of secrets is over. I'm writing this book in common English.
  There's no need for mystical language or metaphor. This book contains no
  hidden meaning or codes; everything is stated plainly and directly, in
  the shortest and simplest of words necessary to convey the meaning.
  Chapter 1 is the Introduction.
  Chapter 2 is the Foreword.
  Chapters 3 - 18 cover the theory of alchemy.
  Chapters 19 - 30 cover the practical instructions for making the Stone.
  Chapters 31 - 33 cover further information on the Stone.
  Chapters 34 - 49 cover the history of the Stone.
  Chapters 50 - 51 cover some more philosophical topics.
  Chapter 52 is the alchemists' prophecy.
  Chapter 53 is the Afterword.
  Chapter 54 is a request for your help in the distribution of this book.
  Chapter 55 is a list of answers to questions asked since initial release.
  Chapter 56 is the Bibliography.
  Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to
  stick to possibilities; Truth isn't.
  Samuel Clemens
  Mark Twain
  ...................................................
  Subject: The Book of Aquarius |
  3. What is Alchemy?
  Date: Fri, 26 Aug 2011
  Nature enjoys its Nature, Nature contains Nature, improves Nature, reduces
  Nature, Nature is superior to Nature.
  A Magnificent and Select Tract on Philosophical Water, by Anonymous, 13th -
  17th Cen.
  Alchemy is the art of imitating and accelerating Nature. It is a natural
  art and science. In alchemy we do not really make anything, all we do is


20110827-The Book Of Aquarius.-822.html[12/03/2022 10:29:13]
The Book Of Aquarius.

  provide a condition for Nature to do what Nature does. So the Philosophers'
  Stone is not really made by the alchemist, it is made by Nature. The
  alchemist
  only provides the conditions so that Nature can operate effectively and
  without being disturbed.
  Many Sages, Scholars, and learned men have in all ages, and (according
  to Hermes) even so early as the days before the Flood, written much
  concerning the preparation of the Philosopher's Stone; and if their books
  could be understood without a knowledge of the living processes of
  Nature, one might almost say that they are calculated to supersede the
  study of the real world around us.
  But though they never departed from the simple ways of Nature, they have
  something to teach us, which we, in these more sophisticated times, still
  need to learn, because we have applied ourselves to what are regarded as
  the more advanced branches of knowledge, and despise the study of so
  "simple" a thing as natural Generation. Hence we pay more heed to
  impossible things than to those objects which are broadly exhibited before
  our very eyes; we excel more in subtle speculations than in a sober study
  of Nature, and of the meaning of the Sages. It is one of the most remarkable
  features of human nature that we neglect those things which seem familiar,
  and are eager for new and strange information. The workman who has
  attained the highest degree of excellence in his Art, neglects it, and
  applies
  himself to something else, or else abuses his knowledge. Our longing for an
  increase of knowledge urges us ever onward towards some final goal, in
  which we imagine that we shall find full rest and satisfaction Nature, then,
  is one, true, simple, self-contained, created by Go- and informed with a
  certain universal s-irit. Its end and origin are -od. Its unity is also
  found
  in G-d, because Go- made all things. Nature is the one source of all things:
  nor is anything in the world outside Nature, or contrary to Nature.
  if Art would produce any solid and permanent effect, it must follow in the
  footsteps of Nature, and be guided by her methods. It must trust itself to
  the guidance of Nature as far as Nature will lead, and go beyond her by
  still adhering to her rules.
  Now in our Art you should closely imitate these natural processes. There
  should be the Central Heat, the change of the water into air, the driving
  upward of the air, its diffusion through the pores of the earth, its
  reappearance as condensed but volatilized water.
  The New Chemical Light, by
  Michael S-ndivogius, 17th Cen.
  Nature, says Florus, is one, and if any man strays away from her guidance,
  he mars his labor.
  In changing the base metals into gold and silver by the projection of the
  Stone, it follows (by an accelerated process) the method of nature, and
  therefore is natural.
  The fact is that, in producing gold, the Art of Alchemy does not pretend to
  imitate in the whole work of Nature.
  It does not create metals, or even develop them out of the metallic first
  substance; it only takes up the unfinished handiwork of Nature [i.e., the
  imperfect metals), and completes it (transmutes metals into gold).
  The New Pearl of Great Price, by
  Peter B-nus, 1338 An alchemist then only makes the Stone in the same
  way that you make a tree by planting the seed and leaving it for a few
  years. Once the seed is set, if the conditions are right then it just grows
  by itself, in accordance with Nature.
  For as Men, Corn and Herbs are, every one of them, generated and born
  out of their own Specific Seed, so or in the same manner is the true
  Medicine of the Ancients (than which there cannot be a better) generated
  and prepared out of the most perfect bodies and essence Everything
  generated or begotten is generated and born of his own specific seed
  (1) and in his proper (2) matrix.
  The Chemists Key, by Henry N-llius, 1617
  there is no true generation, but of things agreeing in nature. So that
  things be not made but according to their natures. The elder or oak
  trees will not bring forth pears; nor can you gather grapes of thorns,
  or figs of thistles, things bring not forth, but only their like, or what
  agrees with the in nature, each tree its own fruit.
  Thus the wise man does that by art in a short time, which nature cannot


20110827-The Book Of Aquarius.-822.html[12/03/2022 10:29:13]
The Book Of Aquarius.

  perform in less than the r-volution of a thousand years. Yet
  notwithstanding, it is not we that make the metal, but nature herself
  that does it. ---
  Nor do or can we change one thing into another; but it is nature that
  changes them.
  We are no more than mere servants in the work.
  The Root of the World, by Roger Bacon, 13th Cen.
  If you are wondering how this leads to the Philosophers' Stone, I
  will explain it more clearly. The Philosophers' Stone is a natural
  occurrence of Nature, in fact it is the aim of Nature. Therefore if you
  can find a substance which is very pure and infused with life-energy,
  then put it under protected conditions which are advantageous for
  its natural development, you will allow Nature to take its course in
  an accelerated manner. When this is complete, Nature will have
  made for you the Philosophers' Stone. It's very simple and entirely
  natural, which is the biggest part of the s-cret. I will explain again
  in another way: the Philosophers' Stone is the name of the thing that
  you get when Nature has finished doing what it does all day long.
  The Earth and the entire universe are going through this process. If,
  however, you find a substance already quite well matured by Nature,
  clean it up, then put it into a closed system, or microcosm, Nature
  will finish this thing long before it finishes everything else. So you get
  the result of Nature earlier and can enjoy all its wonderful properties
  while the rest of the world is still in sh-t.
  The chemical development of our substance is internal, and caused
  by the operation of Nature.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110827-The Book Of Aquarius.-822.html[12/03/2022 10:29:13]
