{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T09:02:24Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32908, "source_ctime_ns": 1790699240060985963, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110718-Our-Wonderful-Future.-740.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790699240036657694, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110718-Our-Wonderful-Future.-740.pdf", "source_sha256": "d1a5ed7c9efe32141f1704001aec7debc6e45170c7ef4d9d18a1fa487da96c49"}

Our Wonderful Future.


  Subject: Our Wonderful Future.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 18/07/2011, 14:48
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Our Wonderful Future.
  July 18, 2011.
     Here is what the space people say we will be in the future.
  ...............................................................
  ...............................................................
  The wonderful aspects of Ascension.
  J-nis
  The Coming of the Golden Age Chapter 3/8
  2011 July 17
  by Steve B-ckow
  Chapter 3
  We'll Ascend in Ageless Bodies with New S-iritual Capacities
  Ascension will be your passport off the Earth and into the higher
  dimensions,
  SaLuSa informs us.
  (1) It will place us in the fifth dimension or higher, which is far removed
  from
  the limiting vibrations you are now in.
  What makes this Ascension different from all others that have occurred is
  that we're destined to ascend with our physical bodies. All others have been
  without it, as he explains:
  What is special about this [Ascension] is that you will ascend in a physical
  body that has changed its body cells to make it suitable for life in the
  higher
  dimensions.
  You take your physical body with you not as your existing carbon-based
  body, but one that has become crystalline and can function in the 5th
  Dimension, one that has become lighter, and has moved into a near-perfect
  expression of itself.
  (4)
  The Arcturians tell us that we've had the experience of Ascension on other
  occasions, but always we immortal beings d-ed first and then ascended.
  Here we'll merge with the consciousness of the ascended plane, drawing
  our bodies up with us:
  Many of the members of the Planetary Ascension Team [that is, us] have
  had the experience of ascension in one or more of their parallel realities.
  However, in these other realities, you di-d and abandoned your physical
  body in order to soar into your true Home in the higher dimensions. In
  your present reality, you have volunteered to stay on earth in your earth
  vessel to assist with planetary ascension.
  Hence, your consciousness is in one dimension and your body is in another.
  It is through consciously closing this gap that you assist with the
  planetary
  ascension. Your consciousness forms a bridge of light that connects these
  two worlds. Now, this bridge is beckoning you to cross.
  (5)
  Atmos tell us not to worry about the mechanics: It will be a wonderful
  experience and you will be fully prepared for it beforehand.
  (6)
  As to what we'll look like, SaLuSa tells us that we have only to look at
  the galactics to see. They may be centuries old but don't look as if they
  are.


20110718-Our Wonderful Future.-740.html[12/03/2022 10:27:57]
Our Wonderful Future.

  Look at us, as that is where you will eventually be as far as your e-olution
  is concerned. We are always seen as an example of bodily perfection,
  and in our prime. In fact we can be 100's of years old without any visible
  signs of aging, because it is not part of our experience.
  (7)
  There is a point coming in the future when you will be in the most perfect
  body form. May we say that is why you have never seen an old Space Being,
  and when we speak of long past events it is because we often have
  first-hand experience of them. We live many hundreds of years and do not
  age as you do.
  (8)
  What will life be like then?
  SaLuSa says: From here on you will rise up with the higher vibrations, and
  use your Light body to express yourself to other souls. You will be known
  by your Light and recognize others by theirs.
  (9)
  We'll feel more fundamentally ourselves than we do now, he predicts:
  Then and only then, will you become the real you with very few limitations
  and great power to create. As your consciousness expands, so you will
  find that your understanding of the powers you have also increases. At
  the higher levels you will not abuse it, but instead use it for the good of
  all.
  (10)
  Archa-gel Michael tells us that we'll have journeyed back to where we
  once were to become a co-creator of the highest order:
  Remember, you were brought forth from the Sacred Heart Core of the
  Supreme Creator as a White Fire Being, from which comes the saying,
  Made in the image and likeness of G-d. The Light of the Creator contains
  energy, intelligence and everything necessary to create worlds without
  end and to fulfill the D-vine plan.
  (11)
  SaLuSa agrees.
  The higher vibrations are your natural home where your own powers of
  creation provide all that you need. Whatever you leave behind when you
  rise up, you will have absolutely no regrets, as nothing can compare with
  the beauty and perfection of the higher realms.
  (12)
  With Ascension you will attain a state of awareness that will be so much
  more developed than at present. Also your creative powers will be such
  that you will be able to think into being anything that you desire. The
  differences to what you are now will be monumental, and it is difficult
  to convey in words how you will feel.
  (13)
  Our creative powers will greatly expand. For example, our memories of
  p-st lives will return.
  As you are to experience full consciousness as part of the process of
  Ascension, your memories of pa-t lives in the higher dimensions will
  return. What is certain is that, as you become more enlightened, the
  idea of Ascension and all it brings will fulfill your dreams of a better
  way of life. It will provide the happiness and peace you seek, and be
  fitting for s-uls that have found their Go-self. Once ascended you will
  have all knowledge available to you.
  (14)
  Among our newly-acquired abilities will be the power to bilocate, says
  SaLuSa: You will have many attributes that will seem quite remarkable,
  such as being in two places at once.
  (15)
  He predicts that we'll eventually move around through the power of
  thought.
  (16)
  This is the mode of travel on the Astral Planes. And we'll have the ability
  to go backward or forward in time, Ag-Agria tells us.
  The physical realms will leave you with many beautiful memories, and in
  time these shall be all that remains of your experiences. Oh yes, you can
  go back in time if that is necessary, and in the higher dimensions you will
  also be able to see into the future. All is in the Now, and you will
  experience a wonderful freedom of movement that is the gift to those who


20110718-Our Wonderful Future.-740.html[12/03/2022 10:27:57]
Our Wonderful Future.

  have risen up, and have become Cosmic Beings.
  (17)
  SaLuSa asserts that as part of your growth in readiness for Ascension,
  your DNA strands are being restored.
  (18)
  Ma-thew explains the process of crystalline restructuring and DNA
  expansion.
  Sou-s that absorb the light, which is constantly available to all, are
  changing at cellular level from carbonbased, third-density bodies to
  crystalline-based bodies that can survive in the higher frequencies.
  Eons back in your time, darkly-inclined s-uls altered human DNA to
  reduce the amount of light in bodies. That allowed them to install
  patterning for physical weakness, illness, aging, de-th, and severely
  decreased capacity for intelligence and sp-ritual clarity.
  Those limitations are being reversed by the ever-increasing intensity
  of light in bodies that are absorbing it. Actually, your travel ticket is
  the absorption of light that comes automatically with living in -odly ways.
  (19)
  Among the wondrous outcomes of this process will be the restoration of
  lost limbs and the cessation of disorders, including the ultimate disorder
  of old age. As Mat-hew explains:
  The so-ls who accompany Earth will do so in their physical bodies.
  If bodies lack organs or limbs or have physical, emotional or mental
  disorders, farther along the ascension pathway there will be he-ling of all
  disease and replacement of missing parts until the bodies are perfected
  and mental and emotional health is sound.
  In fourth density [the equivalent of the Astral Planes, the fifth being the
  equivalent of the Mental Planes] the bodies of aged persons will become
  youthful and live healthfully much longer than your current life expectancy,
  and life spans in fifth density can be tenfold or more than yours are now.
  (20)
  In the Golden A-e all peoples regardless of age will be hea-ed from the
  effects of emotional stress and environmental and food toxins; anorexia
  will not exist; and newborns will be perfect.
  (21)
  Because I know this matter is important to many people, let me add what
  SaLuSa says on another occasion:
  Your own Light body will carry none of the imperfections that you may have
  had whilst on Earth. Can you imagine a body that carries no ills or dis-ase,
  and maintains its condition at all times simply through taking sustenance
  from the air. We are examples of what you can look forward to when you
  rise up, and you will never see us as aged as we always retain our youthful
  looks.
  (23)
  This process will transpire gradually over the next few years, SaLuSa
  informs
  us:
  As you progress through the next few years, the vibrations will increase
  more
  rapidly. You will find that as you lift up your own, you will be less
  afflicted
  by illness or any health problems. Your body is becoming more crystalline,
  and it will be able to overcome any attack upon its bodies defensive system.
  You will no longer be subject to any form of dise-se, and eventually the
  process of aging will stop and be reversed.
  (24)
  In the transitional period prior to the Golden Ag-, health changes will
  occur
  in a phased manner, Matt-ew says:
  Likewise there will be no abrupt shift from one extreme to the other in what
  I shall call daily living. D-seases and debilitating conditions will be
  treated
  increasingly with natural remedies and energy movement until all people
  are healthy in body, mind and emotions; this includes those whom you call
  special needs persons and ones missing limbs or vision or hearing.
  Adaptations will be phased into electrical, electronic and mechanical
  areas as ph-tons become as numerous as electrons and then dominate
  Earth's energy field.


20110718-Our Wonderful Future.-740.html[12/03/2022 10:27:57]
Our Wonderful Future.

  (25)
  SaLuSa tells us how bodily rejuvenation will occur in the Golden -ge.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110718-Our Wonderful Future.-740.html[12/03/2022 10:27:57]
