{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:47:02Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31379, "source_ctime_ns": 1790677794852794247, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110327-How-Did-We-Get-Here_-Part-4.-488.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790677794832327648, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110327-How-Did-We-Get-Here_-Part-4.-488.pdf", "source_sha256": "3e20625a9c16f550db17575d65715cd46569030c0381d5059c423abecba1b10a"}

How Did We Get Here? Part 4.


  Subject: How Did We Get Here? Part 4.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 27/03/2011, 06:10
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: How Did We Get Here? Part 4.                                Mar.
  26, 2011.
     This shows who ruled Africa a long time ago.
  ..................................................................
  ..................................................................
  The original Beings that e-olved on the planet then were from remnants
  of former colonies. These are what we would call the b-ack r-ce. Bl-cks
  actually evolved on all the landmasses of the Earth, and even in China
  the remains of N-groid ancestors have been found. At one time in Africa,
  the fierce bla-k Varkas Kings had a great empire and ruled with an
  iron-fist all the lands south of the Mediterranean Sea. A book called
  The Golden Kingdom tells a wonderful excerpt from their story, and is a
  worthwhile companion to this history.
  The Orientals, the w-ite race or A-yans, and the Native American
  Indians, have all been the result of colonization from other
  civilizations in the universe. They are the result of the breeding of
  the civilizations upon planet Earth, but the Native Americans are the
  only ones to openly acknowledge their ancestry in the stars.
         When UFO activity was at its peak in the 1950s, a h-ly man of the
  Cheyenne River reservation of South Dakota named Blue Hair was asked
  "what are these that travel around but do not stay in one place long
  enough, nor avail themselves to be seen." Blue Hair told the
  listeners after ceremony that they are "our relatives," and that
  they will come again from time to time "as they have in the
  past."
  When we speak of the red, the yellow, and the wh-te ra-es, they were all
  descendants from colonization occurring from other civilizations. This
  all took place many thousands of years ago. This is not the same
  colonization from the higher civilizations which began around 32,400 BC
  as explained in The Only Planet of Choice.
  If you begin to see a pattern here in why the different rac-s don't
  get along with each other here on planet Earth, then you will start to
  recognize some of the negative effects this experimentation by the
  Universal Civilizations brought to the planet. Interplanetary w-rs are
  not an uncommon thing in this area of the universe, and `ra-ial'
  hatred is a not purely an Earth-born thing. Some planets are, indeed,
  very, very -ar-like, and also very arrogant. They take their planetary
  prejudices with them in their genetic codes, and this in turn comes out
  in many of us who are more directly related to these various star
  ancestors.
  Ra-ial purity is also not a new concept, and many of the w-rs taking
  place on Earth today are simply reflections of the `tribal wa-s'
  which have to do with this kind of racia- purity and ethnic cleansing on
  other far-distant planets. Lines drawn on maps cannot classify a person
  as to their ethnic background, nor indeed can they cover up the
  inherited planetary and rac-al prejudices bred into us from our
  ancestral roots in the stars.
  According to Clow, history on Earth has been nothing more than the
  projection of fear of who we might really be:. . . the experience of the
  original people of Earth has been continuously and extensively
  influenced by visitors from other realms.
  As you struggle to remember who you originally were, your meetings with
  those who have changed you will be part of the critical process of
  regaining your identity. Your teachers from Nibiru and other alien
  cosmic sources have been so interwoven with the natural ev-lution of
  Earth that it is very difficult to remember the original resonance of
  the Earth or of yourself."
  Part of this grand Earth experiment was to see in what manner the
  original r-ce that was not seeded would evolve in comparison with those
  that colonized. Those that colonized, after a period of time, because
  they came from civilizations that had perhaps more technology or
  different kinds of developed intelligence, often began to feel that they


20110327-How Did We Get Here_ Part 4.-488.html[12/03/2022 10:25:58]
How Did We Get Here? Part 4.

  were superior to the native ra-es that they saw as inferior because they
  had evol-ed more from this planet than the others. Often, too, these
  colonizers contrived to dominate the bl-cks and their homelands. The
  remnants of this attitude can still be seen in society at-large today.
  The experiment of the Twenty-Four Universal civilizations began as
  recently as 32,000 BC, which coincidentally corresponds very nicely with
  that 35,000 BC jump in the evolu-ionary ladder referred to earlier in
  this chapter. By that time the `seeds' these civilizations had
  planted had evol-ed into human Beings who were ready to receive new
  energies for the uplifting of the species.
         In an article entitled A Galactic Exchange Univer-city,
  co-authored by James G-lliland and John N-vak, the authors speak about
  their impressions of the `benevolent' aliens with which they
  have had contact in Oregon, sounding very much like representatives of
  the Twenty-Four Civilizations:
  ". . . These benevolent beings have an omnipresent understanding of
  G-d that transcends the need to separate into structured truths with
  names, images and dogma. This is one of the main problems causing the
  fear, separation, division and wa- now plaguing Humanity and the Earth.
  They have found it is better to honor diversity and choose the Universal
  principles and understandings within each culture that are necessary for
  a healthy society and environment principles that support Universal
  Peace, Brother/Sisterly Love, Individual Freedom and Prosperity for all
  and service to the Creator within all Creation.
         "These understandings, given to our forefathers/mothers, were
  inspired by great overseers in the past and are the basic foundations
  for all r-ligions today. Unfortunately, these basic truths have long
  since been altered by kings, go-ernments and re-igious institutions that
  still dominate the social consciousness of Earth today. They do this by
  keeping people in fear, ignorance and dependent upon them for the basic
  life necessities of food, water, shelter, clothing, medicine and
  transportation."
         After the seeding, what was planned for the planet Earth did not
  come to pass, however. As the Nine tell it, it was discovered by the
  civilizations that, of all the planets in the Universe, Earth was the
  only planet that has such beauty, such diversity of changes, but also
  has such density - more than any other planet. It was discovered that
  those who existed upon planet Earth had a great "physicalness and
  s-xuality" that was not present on any of the other planets. Like
  all the other S-uls who have i-carnated here for one reason or another,
  the colonists, having a higher vibration and coming from planets with
  lesser densities, found the Earth's density too difficult to
  overcome. This caused them to get trapped in their desire for
  physicalness, so they too began to repeatedly re-ncarnate on planet
  Earth.
          "It was not meant to be that way," say the Nine.
  "That is where the great imbalance on this planet comes from. This
  is the problem in your physical world: there is too much involvement in
  the releasing of energy, rather than in refining energy . . . it was a
  form of m-sturbation that seeded the Earth."
         Instead of helping cure the problems of planet Earth, the
  colonists only served to add more fuel to the fire.
         Those who were in the Southern hemisphere did not get as much of
  the influence of the other civilizations to assist them in their
  ev-lutionary process. Because of landmass changes which had occurred
  prior to this time, the continents of the Southern hemisphere were much
  more difficult to get too, just as they are today. The Northern
  hemisphere, on the other hand, had a much greater settlement area, and
  was much easier to get around, especially when you consider the presence
  of a smaller yet still substantial Atlantis stuck squarely in the middle
  of the Atlantic.
  Then around 32,400 BC, a small number of representatives of the
  civilizations came to mingle with those who had already been seeded upon
  the planet. They arrived in a place the Nine call Aksu, located in the
  Tarim Basin in Central Asia, 350km SE of Alma Ata, Kazakhstan, in what
  is now Xinjiang or Sinkiang province under the Tien Shan mountains. The
  arrival of these beings changed the stakes by infusing new DNA coding
  into humanity, however, a DNA which we shall see later was far different
  from that which we now possess today.
  The others who were here on the planet at that time were in simple
  societies, and there was a mixing of genes with them as well. Besides
  the evol-ing bla-k ra-e, the star seeds and the colonizers, there were


20110327-How Did We Get Here_ Part 4.-488.html[12/03/2022 10:25:58]
How Did We Get Here? Part 4.

  also others on the planet at that time who were outcasts from other
  planets. Just as Australia had started out as a penal colony for those
  deemed unfit for polite society in 18th century England, so too at times
  was Earth a dumping ground for those considered unwanted by the
  civilizations on their home planets.
  This first mixing of genes in 32,400 BC did not work because it was too
  soon. The star seeds had not yet progressed far enough by this time to
  assimilate the genetic changes in consciousness. According to the Nine,
  "their minds and the sou-s of the sp-rits were too dense. It was a
  high civilization, not properly adapted to Planet Earth."
  Culture thus began to degenerate after an initial period of flowering.
  The ability of the DNA to maintain itself lessened after being watered
  down in the genetic pool and through basic lifestyle choices.
  About this time, the last great Ice Age was winding down and things on
  the planet were beginning to warm up. Three different groups dispersed
  in three different directions from Aksu. Some went to China. In Aksu
  there were people with mixed strains and people with pure strains. Some
  were mixed with different Civilizations of the Twenty-Four, and some
  were just mixed with the locals.
  Part 4.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110327-How Did We Get Here_ Part 4.-488.html[12/03/2022 10:25:58]
