{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T17:06:14Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32151, "source_ctime_ns": 1790687039682653350, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110719-UFOs-And-Missile-Bases.-743-1627aa8094.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790687039619547787, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110719-UFOs-And-Missile-Bases.-743-1627aa8094.pdf", "source_sha256": "7a270b79ef254d0595a887c53951ea276e6f9ad037c17b8415a7a0b291e1f960"}

UFOs And Missile Bases.


  Subject: UFOs And Missile Bases.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 19/07/2011, 16:03
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: UFOs And Missile Bases.                  Part 2.            July
  19, 2011.
     This talks about water monsters.
  ..................................................................
  ..................................................................
  A previously classified F-I document dated November 12, 1957,
  that is now in the public domain, thanks to Freedom of
  Information Act legislation, makes that fact very clear:
  "Within the past two weeks reports have increased tremendously
  and some of the more serious have been described as follows: An
  object had landed in Nebraska with six people aboard, the
  persons had talked to a Nebraska farmer and then sped off into
  space; a fiery object was seen flashing across the southern
  skies from Albany, Georgia, to Miami, Florida; a Coast Guard
  cutter had sighted a huge object flying over the Gulf of Mexico;
  and persons in the Southwestern states while driving their cars
  have allegedly seen UFOs that caused the engines in their
  automobiles to stop."
  The FB-'s special agents continued to diligently collate the
  strange and unearthly facts pertaining to what seemed to many of
  its personnel to be a near cosmic i-vasion, and studiously
  briefed -BI Director J. Edgar Ho-ver on the nature of the
  expanding situation, as well as on the then current response of
  the U.S. m-litary to the vexing problem presented by the growing
  UFO presence:
  "The Air F-rce is following these sightings closely and all
  reports are submitted to the Air Technical and In-elligence
  Center, at Wright-P-tterson Air Fo-ce Base in Ohio where they
  are evaluated and analyzed. In the event any of the future
  reports appear to be authentic, the Air For-e will immediately
  notify the Bureau, keeping in mind our particular interest in
  matters concerning espionage and s-botage."
  It is thought provoking indeed to note that this undeniably
  dramatic upswing in UFO sightings, and even close encounters
  with alien entities, occurred in the immediate aftermath of the
  former Soviet Union's launch of its Sputnik 1 satellite. Is it
  possible, perhaps, that the strange denizens of another world,
  or indeed worlds, were sec-etly keeping a close watch on
  humankind's first attempts to break free of its previous
  terrestrial moorings? And, if so, was it those initial, hesitant
  steps outside of our own atmosphere that prompted such a flurry
  of concerned activity on the part of extraterrestrial visitors
  from far-away planets?
  It may be important, and relevant, to note that by 1957, and
  over the course of little more than a decade, the Human R-ce had
  successfully developed a-omic energy, had flattened two Japanese
  cities with at-mic bombs, was working on advanced missile and
  rocket technology, and had now finally left the moorings of the
  planet. In other words, it might very well be at this particular
  time in on our history, more than absolutely any other, when
  alien visitors from afar might begin to take a serious interest
  in us, and express deep concerns about us and our actions, too.
  Perhaps also, one might be inclined to speculate, advanced
  aliens civilizations of the type that were possibly secr-tly
  watching us in the late 1950s, have undertaken such intense
  scrutiny and surveillance on countless occasions throughout the
  Universe. And particularly so when youthful, burgeoning
  civilizations take that giant and world changing leap from being
  tied to their own planet, and when propeller driven aircraft
  dropping bo-bs on the enemy, are rapidly replaced by
  intercontinental missiles that have the ability to obliterate
  whole cities, countries and cultures.


20110719-UFOs And Missile Bases.-743.html[12/03/2022 10:27:57]
UFOs And Missile Bases.

  Food for thought? Maybe
  Source: Mysterious Universe
  http://mysteriousuniverse.org/2011/07/saucers-and-sputnik/#more-6032
  - GET KRAKEN DEPARTMENT -
  Why Scientists Should Study Sea Monsters
  From the Loch Ness Monster to the Kraken, sea monsters still
  capture the imagination centuries after medieval cartographers
  doodled them in the blank spots of their maps. But to Charles
  P-xton, a researcher at the University of St. Andrews in
  Scotland, sea monster sightings are more than fish tales.
  Paxton is no wild-eyed cryptozoologist who spends his weekends
  imagining Bigfoot behind every tree. He's a fisheries ecologist
  and statistician who believes that, with the right methods,
  anecdotes about mysterious monsters can become scientific data
  to tell us about human perception and the odd reports that
  science can't fully explain.
  On July 12, Pa-ton and other bonafide, peer-reviewed
  researchers like him will discuss ways to bring cryptozoology
  into the scientific fold at the Zoological Society of L-ndon
  Communicating Science event "Cryptozoo logy: Science or
  Pseudoscience?"
  Ahead of the event, Pax-on spoke with LiveScience about sea
  monster sightings, the likelihood of unknown beasts roaming the
  sea, and why, before you report a sea serpent, you should always
  make sure you're not looking at a s-xually aroused whale.
  LiveScience: What drives you to study sea monster sightings?
  Paxt-n: Several reasons. Actually, probably the first is I'm a
  big kid and I thought it was an interesting set of questions. A
  more proper scientific reason is that I'm interested in why
  people believe the things they believe, especially if their
  beliefs are non-mainstream. And the third reason I got
  interested is it's important to understand how science tries to
  relate to anomalous data, data that doesn't quite fit into our
  existing paradigms.
  LiveScience: You've lumped old sea monster sightings together
  to study them statistically. What did you find?
  Paxto-: I was interested in looking at reported distances in
  sea monster accounts, in seeing whether those reported
  distances, were they the same as we would expect if the reports
  were genuinely of random animals popping up around boats. But if
  you look at the distribution of reported distances of sea
  monster accounts, they're much closer than you would expect by
  chance alone.
  This implies to me that there's a huge bias in the reporting of
  sea monster accounts.
  LiveScience: What does that bias tell us about the validity of
  those reports?
  Paxton: It means we can probably be more doubtful about one
  potential explanation for sea monster reports. I expected that
  when I did the analysis, the reports would be far away. I
  thought people were reporting monsters because they'd seen
  familiar things at a distances. But the reported distances are
  much closer than you'd expect. It's not because these things are
  a vast distance away, or at least, if witnesses are
  misinterpreting things, it happens over short distances.
  LiveScience: Are any of these historical reports actually
  plausible?
  There's a report by two zoologists actually in the early part
  of the century published in the Journal of Zoology where they
  actually reported seeing a serpent-like animal in the South
  Atlantic. They describe an animal which doesn't quite fit into
  our current view. That's an intriguing one. [Read: The Creatures
  of Cryptozoology]
  LiveScience: Okay, let's talk about an implausible report. Tell


20110719-UFOs And Missile Bases.-743.html[12/03/2022 10:27:57]
UFOs And Missile Bases.

  me about the case of the possible whale p-nis.
  Paxton: That's a quite famous sea monster sighting from the
  18th century, where people saw a sea monster en route to the
  Danish colony in Greenland. What they saw was an animal which
  they described as having a serpent-like tail. We suggested that
  there could be an alternative explanation and what they were
  interpreting as a tail could actually have been the pe-is of the
  animal.
  If you do a search for "whale pen-s" on the Net, they've got
  pictures and they do look quite serpentine.
  LiveScience: Does it seem like misidentified body parts might
  explain many sea monster sightings?
  Paxton: I think that goes on, yes, but as yet I've got no
  quantitative evidence of that happening. I'm actually collecting
  data on that.
  I think people make mistakes and it does mean that I'm a little
  more sk-ptical of laypeople who report strange things. When you
  see something in the water, there are lots and lots of large
  animals it could potentially be, and there's no one in the world
  who is an expert on all of these animals. Zoologists, when they
  see an animal, perhaps they'll be looking at the features which
  will tell them about its affinities, whereas laypeople won't
  necessarily do that.
  LiveScience: Do you think there are likely large, undiscovered
  marine creatures out there?
  Paxton: Yes, but to make something absolutely clear, my
  position on this is quite an unusual one. I would actually say
  without any doubt at all that there are unknown animals out
  there. The reason I say without any doubt at all, if you look at
  the rate at which we're discovering new species, that hasn't
  completely flattened out.
  The question isn't, "Are there large marine animals?" The
  question is, "Are they seen by laypeople prior to their
  discovery?" The answer to that is "Probably not."
  LiveScience: Why not?
  Paxton: Logically, the animals we've not discovered yet are the
  ones that are difficult to detect, which means it would be very
  rare for people to encounter them anyway. We know there are
  biases in the reporting process, and we know that to have the
  potential to recognize an unknown animal, you need to have
  superb expertise. In terms of marine mammals, for example, I can
  only think of about 10 people in the world who if they saw a
  marine mammal would be in a position to say, "That's a marine
  mammal that we've never described."
  We can't explain away all the strange reports, but just because
  I can't explain a report doesn't mean it's an unknown animal.
  It's got to be a hypothesis of last resort. I think that's a
  mistake lots of people make, that just because they can't
  explain it, it must be something unknown. That's quite a jump.
  LiveScience: Do you have a favorite sea monster?
  Paxton: I quite like the sea monk [a creature with a monk's
  head and fish body], actually. The idea that there's a monk
  living in the sea, that's quite bizarre.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110719-UFOs And Missile Bases.-743.html[12/03/2022 10:27:57]
