{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T17:08:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31539, "source_ctime_ns": 1790696498948158911, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111230-Cons.-Journal.-Part-6-of-6.-60885.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790696498936514068, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111230-Cons.-Journal.-Part-6-of-6.-60885.pdf", "source_sha256": "b3412d3a971a795133d27ce49e699311ae20e378dfca14cb7ea10e4ee74b60d9"}

Cons. Journal. Part 5.


   Subject: Cons. Journal. Part 5.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 27/12/2011, 15:35
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

   Subject: Cons. Journal. Part 5.
   Dec. 27, 2011.
      This discusses messages from space.
   .......................................................
   .......................................................
   "Then, from there, the hydrogen - a lighter-than-air gas -
   allowed these creatures to take to the skies and then control
   their flight by burning off the excess gas in the form of flame.
   Anyone seeing this would be seeing the closest thing to the
   image of the dragon that we all know and love. Dickinson's
   theory is an excellent one, and may well be a perfect
   explanation for sightings of real dragons - in times past, and
   perhaps today, I believe."
   I leave the final word to Freeman: "The dragon has its teeth
   and claws deep into the collective psyche of mankind, and its
   not about to let go. Our most ancient fear still stalks the
   earth today. Beware: this is no fairytale. When your parents
   told you that there were no such things as dragons, they lied!"
   Source: Mysterious Universe
   http://mysteriousuniverse.org/2011/11/chasing-the-dragon/
   - CALLING OCCUPANTS OF INTERPLANETARY CRAFT
   DEPARTMENT -
   Alien Probes Could be Within Solar System, Say Researchers
   The Fermi paradox asks why, if intelligent life is common, no
   technological civilizations have ever been observed.
   As human beings send out probes into outer space, it's notable
   that we've never discovered evidence of other civilizations
   doing the same. Is this a sign that there really isn't anybody
   out there?
   Not necessarily, say two postdoctoral researchers at Penn
   State, who have approached the problem mathematically. They say
   we simply haven't looked in enough places to be certain that no
   extraterrestrial artifacts exist in our solar system.
   "The vastness of space, combined with our limited searches to
   date, implies that any remote unpiloted exploratory probes of
   extraterrestrial origin would likely remain unnoticed," say
   Jacob Haqq-Misra and Ravi Kumar Kopparapu.
   Alien probes, like ours, would be small and could be hidden in
   a variety of places. In the asteroid belt, for example, they
   would probably go unnoticed.
   "Extraterrestrial artifacts may exist in the solar system
   without our knowledge simply because we have not yet searched
   sufficiently," say Haqq-Misra and Kopparapu. "Few if any of the
   attempts would be capable of detecting a 1 to 10 meter probe."
   The two researchers used a probabilistic method to determine if
   we have looked closely enough anywhere in the solar system to
   definitively say there are no nonterrestrial objects here.
   They calculated how much of the solar system would need to be
   thoroughly searched, and conclude that most searches to date
   haven't been fine enough to rule out - well, anywhere really.
   "The surface of the Earth is one of the few places in the solar
   system that has been almost completely examined at a spatial
   resolution of less than three feet," said Haqq-Misra and
   Kopparapu.


20111230-Cons. Journal. Part 6 of 6.-60885.html[12/03/2022 10:30:56]
Cons. Journal. Part 5.

   Even here, there are still caves, jungles and deserts as well
   as the ocean floor and subsurface areas that have not been
   explored. However, says the team, there's a high probability
   that no nonterrestrial artifacts exist here.
   The moon has been searched to some extent, and the Lunar
   Reconnaissance Orbiter should soon be able to tell us if there
   are any nonterrestrial objects on the moon.
   Mars, though, is still mostly unsurveyed and the researchers'
   confidence in the probability of no nonterrestrial artifacts is
   low. Similarly, locations like the Earth-moon Lagrange points,
   the asteroid belt and the Kuiper belt might also shelter probes.
   "Searches to date of the solar system are sufficiently
   incomplete that we cannot rule out the possibility that
   nonterrestrial artifacts are present and may even be observing
   us," say Haqq-Misra and Kopparapu.
   "The completeness of our search for nonterrestrial objects will
   inevitably increase as we continue to explore the moon, Mars and
   other nearby regions of space."
   STRANGE SIGNALS FROM OUTER SPACE
   There is the possibility that we may have already detected an
   extraterrestrial presence in our solar system, but failed to
   understand the significance of these mysterious events.
   Official records state that the first radio transmissions
   directed specifically at the stars were dispatched from Arecibo,
   Puerto Rico, in 1974. But this was not, in fact, our earliest
   attempt to attract the attention of other worlds. Well before
   the term 'extraterrestrial intelligence' was coined, two men had
   received intelligent signals - at a time when theirs were the
   only functioning radio sets on the planet earth.
   The first man was the eccentric genius Nikola Tesla. In 1899 he
   was working his own, employing dangerously high voltages in an
   attempt to develop a means of transmitting energy by radio and
   thus eliminate the need for wiring systems. Throughout that
   long, hot summer he loosed artificial bolts of lighting into the
   sky from a 200-foot (60-metre) tower at his base in Colorado
   Springs - in an intelligible sequence. The began a mystery that
   still puzzles scientist. Having succeeded in making the lights
   and other electrical equipment work without wiring, Tesla saw
   his radio equipment inexplicably begin to register signals - in
   which, he later said he could discern 'a clear suggestion of
   number and order not traceable to any cause then known to me.'
   He was entirely familiar with the natural phenomena of solar
   disturbances, earth currents and aurora borealis, and he
   dismissed them all, adding: "The feeling is constantly growing
   on me that I had been the first to hear the greeting of one
   planet to another.'
   At the time of Tesla's startling 'other worlds' announcement,
   Guglielmo Marconi was developing radio as a means of
   communication, busily sending the letter V in Morse code to his
   fellow workers over a 50-mile (80-kilometre) distance. And by
   1921 he, too, had announced that he had received inexplicable
   signals, which he quickly identified as some kind of cipher. He
   later noticed a very strange feature. Within the cipher, there
   appeared a measured recurrence of the Morse V he had been
   transmitting to his assistants back in 1899.
   In the New York Times of September 2 1921, Marconi was reported
   as believing that the mysterious signals, or some of them,
   originated on Mars. Incredible as it seems, no one made the
   connection with the signals Tesla had received 22 years earlier.
   Freak signal continued to come in throughout the 1920's and
   1930's particularly on the 30,000-metre wavelength. And in the
   late 1930's a new factor entered the puzzle: a wave of reports
   of strange aircraft - today we would call them UFOs seen in the
   skies of Scandinavia and northern Europe. During the sightings,
   short-wave receivers in the 'flap' area would alive with strange
   cries and voices. The language used caused many a headache for
   philologists, because what they heard often seemed to be a
   mixture of Swedish and other tongues. But, if translated setting
   aside rigid rules of grammar, it often seemed to have some kind
   of intelligible sequence, even if its actual meaning remained


20111230-Cons. Journal. Part 6 of 6.-60885.html[12/03/2022 10:30:56]
Cons. Journal. Part 5.

   obscure.
   The dawning of the space age brought with it more strange
   phenomena. On 16 May 1963, in his Mercury capsule above Hawaii,
   astronaut Gordon Cooper was talking to mission control on a
   special frequency channel when extraneous voices broke in. Later
   examined on tape, these were found to correspond to no language
   known on Earth. The phenomenon was repeated on the Apollo VIII
   Borman-Lovell-Anders mission on 21 December, when UFOs were seen
   in the lunar orbit and more voices broke into the communications
   channel with mission control.
   This, not unnaturally, caused some consternation back on Earth.
   The frequency channel they were using is such that it is
   virtually impossible for any amateur operator to intrude.
   Controllers were left with a problem that they could not
   explain, but at the same time could hardly ignore - the security
   risk was too great.
   But, as far back as the 1927, two Americans, Taylor and Young,
   had taken such phenomena seriously enough to try and locate the
   source of the radio signals They had identified an echo-
   periodicity of 0.01 seconds originating from a distance of
   between 1800 and 6250 miles (2900 and 10,000 kilometres), and
   were comparing their observations with those of Marconi. By
   December 1928, a number of scientist were interested Jurgen Hals
   of Philips's Eindhoven laboratories in Holland had discussed his
   findings with Professor Carl Stormer of Oslo, mentioning three-
   second delays he had experienced with an experimental radio
   transmitter. After another year, on 28 October 1929, Dr van der
   Pol, also of Philips, confirmed that he had noted further odd
   echoes from a planned emission of impulses at the same time
   every morning. It was van der Pol's analysis of the delay
   between emissions and the receipt of their echoes, always on the
   same wavelength, that effectively excluded ideas that they may
   have been bouncing off the moon or the inner Van Allen belt, or
   that they might have been somehow stored and reflected from
   layers of ionized gas.
   A Scottish science writer, Duncan Lunan, studied the records of
   these anomalous radio echoes over a period of some years, and
   eventually came up with the assertion that they originated from
   an alien space probe. He also commented on the misfortune that
   the signals 'happened to be received at a time when they would
   as a matter of course be attributed (by a majority of people) to
   some natural phenomenon.'
   Part 5.
   John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20111230-Cons. Journal. Part 6 of 6.-60885.html[12/03/2022 10:30:56]
