{"created_utc": "2026-10-06T01:44:48Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32885, "source_ctime_ns": 1790725538472498032, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111124--AREA-51--60847.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790725538419227430, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111124--AREA-51--60847.pdf", "source_sha256": "e89ff75cd38d6493d396bd91748aee62b9d56c355b1f9af47047f167e5454cc6"}

More DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 2 of 2.


  Subject: More DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 2 of 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 24/11/2011, 07:20
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: More DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled.                     Part 2.
  Nov. 23, 2011.
    Here we find that not many people believe he had these
  experiences.
  ......................................................
  ......................................................
  Digression concerning the choice of mind-control victims:
  Afterthought written later and inserted into the text, after having read
  about the following phenomena:
    a.. So called 'alien abduction' of people, which by some is beleived
  to be caused by special m-litary organizations, who abduct people in
  order to have them experimented on under controlled conditions.
   See The Controllers by Martin C-nnon in the References.
  b.. Certain official documents that existed some years ago contained
  definitions of what kind of people could be considered s-ies and
  therefore would be legitimate 'targets of electronic surveillance'. Such
  people could then be used to experiment on electronically, using various
  techniques. In practise, anybody could become a victim for this kind of
  experimentation.
    c.. Deniability is a requirement.
    d.. There are methods for erasing memories and perhaps for implanting
  false memories as well. The person could be made to forget everything
  about the abduction, even if he has been awake during part of the
  abduction period. If such false memories were implanted the person
  wouldn't notice any missing time. It needn't be perfect, just good
  enough to give the resemblance of having been at home during the
  abduction period. Maybe it is possible to change the impression of
  when a particular period of events actually took place, so that a
  missing time period could be 'filled in' with events taking place
  some months earlier. Who knows?
  I make the following hypothesis:
  The people who do these experiments are rational actors, and they are
  guided mainly by scientific considerations plus deniability. Further, I
  hypothesize that the experimenting generally involves implanting
  electronic devices inside the heads of the victims. It is reasonable
  that they need time to do a good job out of it and that the time
  needed may be so long that in many cases, the victims chosen
  could be missed by their relatives etc. Lets assume they would still
  do it on such a person. This could work if the person were a d-ug
  addict, a mental patient or a person without much contact with
  other people. Under some conditions they could even have the victim
  temporarily replaced by a look-alike to avoid suspicion. With a dr-g
  addict people would be less suspicious if they perceived some
  personality changes and it would be easier to replace such a person
  for a while. But in any case it is obvious that lonely people would
  be at greater risk to be chosen, since they could be abducted
  without being missed by any close relation. By studying potential
  victims for a prolonged period of time, it would be possible to
  single out some individuals, who would pose the least risk of
  arousing suspicion if they were gone for a while.
  I would have made an excellent choice in that respect. Sometimes
  I wouldn't talk to anybody for weeks. No phone calls, nothing. I
  would read and I would go for walks, pondering over some
  scientific problem.
  At the most extreme period I didn't even listen to the radio for
  months.
  From this point of view it would seem possible that I were implanted
  earlier than I previously thought. It would then be more likely that
  I wouldn't be able to recall any period of time, when there could be
  some missing time or when something would seem to be illogical
  somehow.
  -------------------
  Note added later:
  Some loose ends. Trying to find out what other excuses they may have
  used.
    a.. When I was 4 years old my mother was divorced and we left Sweden
  for Canada and stayed in Toronto for a year. I have no reason to beleive
  that anything was done to me then, but maybe that background could


20111124-========== AREA-51 ===========-60847.html[12/03/2022 10:29:50]
More DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 2 of 2.

  make a difference. When I left the school (all I remember was the Union
  Jack), one teacher told my mother that I was bright, but that I would
  have social problems later in life.
    b.. In 1982 I was present at a conference, where the main body of
  topics treated was non-mi-itary, but I recall at least one scientist
  presenting a paper on star-w-rs technology.
    c.. Before 1985, a person called the physics department, and told
  somebody he wanted experts to help him investigate the origin of rays
  that he claimed were beamed at him in his home, through the wall.
  The call was transferred to me and I attentively listened to him. He
  was very persistent, but I didn't find sufficient cause to doubt his
  sanity.
  No action was taken, but it did worry me a bit. At that time I knew
  nothing about mind control.
    d.. On another occasion a person claiming to be persecuted by a
  foreign int-lligence agency, wanted to join the department, but
  wasn't accepted.
    e.. (The reader can skip this point without loosing continuity.)
  In 1987, during my independent research, I was developing an
  unorthodox theory (unpublished) of the human mind and a possible
  connection with the external natural world, including interactions
  between the suns electromagnetic field and various global patterns
  on earth.
    I won't dwell on the details of that particular theory, but lately I
  have learnt about some high-power electromagnetic experimenting
  by the mili-ary with the athmosphere. And there is mention of
  high-power long-wave radiofrequency being used for communication
  with submarines and some say also for global mind control. I am
  skeptic about the latter claim, but the problem area is clearly
  actively persued by the milit-ry, and for this reason, it occurred
  to me that if their surveillance, included studying my notes, at that
  time, this might have given them some excuse to consider me
  suspicious. (That is, if I was already targeted by some intel-igence
  activity.)
  -----------------
  Around christmas-time 1998, I finally broke the silence. I had then
  experienced torture with the brainimplant both during evening
  courses, during lectures at C-almers Institute of Technology,
  and during my work as a programmer. There didn't seem to be any
  end to it and in addition, due to my increasing frustration I began
  letting out some steam, by shouting very load as they were
  torturing me in my bed in the night, thereby waking my little son
  who was s-ared and c-ied. I could see no other way than to strive
  for the maximum of publicity. There was no point in turning the
  other cheek any longer. I had been very reluctant to tell anybody,
  because I felt that once I begin, I will have to follow it through,
  and I will probably have to struggle with people who are reluctant
  to beleive me, and it seemed that it might take all my energy.
  As this is written, a year has gone, since I began trying to reach out.
  First I tried with the po-ice, and they told me I probably was afraid
  that there wasn't any foreign object in my head, so I turned to a
  D-ctor to get the necessary referral, and as long as she didn't know
  the precise nature of my problems, she recommended a skilled
  specialist, and would try to get me in there, but as I later explained
  that I had been implanted and tortured, she turned away from me
  and tried to redirect me to psychiatry, telling me that at the local
  psychiatrics clinic, they were familiar with this kind of delusional
  condition. I politely insisted on her explaining to me the details of
  the similarity which she had implied, between my story and these
  other patients, but she didn't answer. I assume this was because
  she really didn't know anything about it and didn't bother to find out.
  Due to these difficulties I decided it would be necessary to press
  on for publicity, if I were to get any decent treatment. After many
  months of writing letters and making phone calls, I have been
  promised by both the radio and by the newspaper DN, that they
  will let me through. Not until around october 1999, did I inform
  myself about other cases of mind control. I only learned the term
  then. Before that the only case, I had ever heard of was that of
  Timothy M-Veigh, the person who got a d-ath sentence for the
  Oklahoma City B-mbing. A couple of years ago, I heard on a TV
  broadcast that Mc-eigh claimed to have an implant and that they
  were using it to control him.
  Something like that. Information relating to McVe-gh can be found
  in:
  The Oklahoma City Bombing and the P-litics of Te-ror. by David
  H-ffman.
  After having spent some days reading about the other people who
  have experiences similar to mine, and realizing that these things


20111124-========== AREA-51 ===========-60847.html[12/03/2022 10:29:50]
More DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 2 of 2.

  have never been touched by swedish m-dia, I felt very sad. I
  realized that these med-a trust that they get reliable information
  from the dominating news agencies, and they never really try to
  get information from independent sources. Realizing this, I felt
  that swedish journalists have a lot to learn if they are ever to be
  able to bring the truth to the public.
  Moreover, I also feel that they seem to lack in empathy. But maybe
  I am wrong there.
  It is frustrating to know that you have to fight so hard, just to get
  a little attention. That they don't really care much for people who
  don't have a position or any contacts. I mean who's side are those
  journalists on? In Sweden the newspapers get enormous sums of
  taxpayer's money just to keep those dragons barely alive. This is
  supposed to guarantee an open debate. As I was reading
  documents on the internet, I learned more about the general
  problem of Nonconsensual Human Experimentation, where
  mind-control experiments is only a small part and where apparently
  wa- veterans have been subjected to unethical experimentation on
  a large scale. I learned about the efforts towards a new legislation,
  Human Research S-bject Protections Act of 1997, where Sen. John
  G-enn was involved and about P-esident Bill C-inton's memo
  concerning a policy for Strengthened Pro-ections for Human
  Su-jects of Classified Research.
  Now as I tried to direct the attention of swedish journalists to the
  fact that the US Pre-ident had to direct his gov-rnment not to
  make unethical experiments on US citizens, you would expect that
  this would be considered to be an important information. But the
  spontaneous reaction I got from a journalist with whom I spoke
  only very briefly was as follows: "I don't know in what context Bill
  Cl-nton said that." I am citing this, because I beleive it tells us
  something about the general attitude of me-ia people towards
  the public. It's not the sources we cite that counts, it's who we
  are, what kind of relation we have been able to establish with
  the m-dia. This is an entirely anti-intellectual attitude, and I can't
  see how we can ever have an open debate as long as medi- people
  treat the public with such disdain.
  References - 1
  References - 2
  Part 2 of 2.
  John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20111124-========== AREA-51 ===========-60847.html[12/03/2022 10:29:50]
