{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:53:06Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31473, "source_ctime_ns": 1790675787985471244, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110316-Mars.-Part-3.-60031.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790675787957572852, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110316-Mars.-Part-3.-60031.pdf", "source_sha256": "fd4b1bb3ec90edcb227134c9e239dccd93f7200163e1dbd85907909a1c8956d8"}

Mars. Part 3.


   Subject: Mars. Part 3.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 16/03/2011, 21:57
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

   Subject: Mars. Part 3.
   Mar. 16, 2011.
   This talks more about Uri Geller.
   ..........................................
   ..........................................
   In 1969, Uri demonstrated his powers of telepathy and psycho-kinesis to
   small audiences. By the end of 1971, however, his was a household name
   throughout Israel thanks to his numerous stage appearances. He was given
   a plug by the then Prime Minister, Golda Meir.
   When asked on a national radio program what she predicted for the future
   of Israel, she replied, don't ask me ask Uri Geller!
   [Uri is always extremely busy; living in a whirlwind of projects that
   concern
   people from the highest levels of government to the poor of the Middle East.
   When I spoke to him on the phone, he had just returned to England from a
   meeting with VP Dick Cheney.
   (Kings and Queens have had their mystics). He was gracious enough to grant
   a small interview. He actually had to interrupt our conversation, do a radio
   show and have me call back twenty minutes later. He will be appearing on
   Geraldo Rivera's show later that day. A week ago, Uri hypnotized Michael
   Jackson and asked him the big question].
   1. I'm not sure if SPECTRA is something you talk about. Is there anything
   you
   can tell us about these aliens who gave you your psychic abilities?
   I have seen UFOs in the Israeli Desert with Andrija Puharich. I could also
   feel
   their presence. They were not a threat, but a good force. They made contact
   through voices in my head. The main thing was that they were POSITIVE.
   2. Are they still in contact with you?
   No. Not totally. I still feel that I'm been watched. But, we're not really
   in touch
   anymore.
   3. Do you have any idea when the PUBLIC, or Earth people in general, will be
   contacted by extraterrestrials?
   I believe that this will happen in the next 50 years.
   4. Are you a believer in a Roswell spaceship crash and grey aliens from Zeta
   Reticuli?
   Something certainly happened there. But, does the government have alien
   bodies on ice?
   I highly doubt that. I have heard of these dragons that go back to the time
   of
   Nazi Germany.
   (Reptilia There is a chance that these extraterrestrials, or whatever you
   want
   to call them, are real.
   5. Do you believe in Atlantis? Was there a lost technology in the past that
   was
   even described in the Bible?
   Absolutely, yes.
   6. Then you feel there were great wars, possibly atomic, that destroyed this
   ancient civilization?
   Yes, certainly.
   7. Speaking of your abilities, are these skills as strong as ever? Have they
   diminished over time?
   No. They have gotten even stronger over time. Like anything that you
   practice,
   you get better at it and improve.
   8. Have you any recent projects that you are excited about?
   Yes. I am a not a healer, but I do try to help those in need by being
   POSITIVE.
   We have a project called Hole in the Wall, along with Paul Newman, where we
   give assistance to Israeli and Palestine children.
   9. Why is it that no one has ever done a film of your life?
   They have! It was called 'Mindbender.' Terence Stamp was in it and it was
   directed by Ken Russell. A young, Israeli actor played me. But, it wasn't
   very
   good.
   10. A0 How do you think your friend, Michael Jackson, will do in court?


20110316-Mars. Part 3.-60031.html[12/03/2022 10:25:52]
Mars. Part 3.

   I am a skilled hypnotist and was doing that long before I performed in
   public.
   I did hypnotize Michael some days ago to cure an urge for peanut butter.
   While he was deeply hypnotized, I asked him about the charges. His response
   was NO. I am convinced of his innocence; that he never molested children.
   [When I first thought of the possibility of an interview, I e-mailed Uri and
   asked him about it.
   We are far from friends. This was the first time in 28 years that we had
   spoken; although we had e-mailed each other a few times recently.
   Days passed. I was sure he was too busy and would decline. Then,
   surprisingly, he agreed and gave me his home phone #. I was touched that
   at the end...he asked about me, my art, my daughter, etc.
   The last thing he said was 'find something to love in this world.' I will
   always
   remember those words.
   Thank you, Uri].
   Read online, My Experience with Uri Geller and discover the strange events
   that led to my meeting with the psychic in 1976. Uri posted the article on
   his website, I was pleased to learn.
   In 1976, I was married to a very psychic woman that could also bend spoons
   with her mind. On one particular occasion, witnessed by others, a spoon bent
   to its maximum and went ENTIRELY UNTOUCHED!
   How does a spoon decide to curl up on its own? What kind of world do we
   live in when utensils act funny?
   Geller wrote free passes (for us) to a performance at Soldiers and Sailors
   Auditorium in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on 6/18/76. People brought broken '
   watches and spoons to the performance in anticipation of the phenomenon
   happening to them.
   Uri asked the crowd, if your keys have bent or watches have begun to work,
   please come forward to the stage. Our spoons and keys bent, but as I
   marched forward; I was a little surprised that it didn't happen to everyone.
   Actually, the weirdness called the Geller-Effect only occurred to about 5%
   of the audience.
   I was far more surprised when Uri saw me. He said, no, not you. I don't want
   to deal with you.' I was speechless as I made my way back to the seat,
   dejected.
   Later, we figured that he only wanted to work with people he had never seen
   before. Someone may have witnessed our previous meeting and thought my
   bent items were not legit.
   Lesson learned was, the man has integrity.
   Are you going to believe the fake/phony magicians who have ma de a living
   by deceptions?
   Uri liked my drawing of him.
   ESP Magazine ran a cover that proclaimed: IT COULD BEND KEYS!
   A real psychic happening will occur as Uri Geller would concentrate at one
   precise moment. Also, a 2-digit mystery number will be sent. We joined along
   with probably countless others. Would everyone concentrating BEND at one
   particular time, focused on the magazine, have any effect? Guess what? Our
   spoons BENT and a broken fish pump fixed itself that was placed on the
   magazine! We also, correctly, received the mystery number to be 42.
   Our Universe is unreal.
   Nature is not natural. Life is unreal. Do we really live inThe Matrix?
   COMETS are incoming material from the outer reaches of the Solar
   System. They do not have planetary, elliptical orbits. They have
   extreme cigar-shaped orbits. Comets speed into the center of the Solar
   System, accelerate around the Sun and warp back out to the remote
   Kuiper Belt. Something FORCED the comet-material into extremely
   long orbits.
   Great explosions are the likely cause for the creation of comets.
   What if comets are remnants of unnaturally, blown up worlds?
   Cosmic explosions might not be natural, but purposeful acts of violence
   by advanced intelligences.
   Did a FAR outer planet explode and create what we call comets?
   Similarly, supernovae also might not be natural events. Is the violent
   universe we are within composed of mega- explosions that are not
   natural events, but purposeful acts (aggression)?
   The Universe(s) is not only gas, dust and debris. What if our one universe
   itself is an artificial construction? Where scientists see only
   lifelessness,
   there could be life. What we believe is natural, could be artificial.
   Out of ignorance, we may be viewing the universe the wrong way. Maybe
   the truth is our whole world was fabricated? Was it all CONSTRUCTED
   or manufactured by high, supreme intelligences far beyond our
   comprehension a very long time ago?
   Is every star what it appears to be? A few stellar objects could have other
   purposes to other creatures. They could primarily be life-giving, nuclear
   orbs of radiation and energy.
   Suns could also have been meticulously placed in positions to see what
   life will be seeded in the Petri dishes? Are cosmic orbs experimental


20110316-Mars. Part 3.-60031.html[12/03/2022 10:25:52]
Mars. Part 3.

   gardens in fertile, astronomical, test tubes? Are we all inside an unreal
   Truman Show? (Read, Yurchey's Talking to a Sea-Monkey?).
   There could be life forms out there so advanced that they are
   PLANET-MAKERS.
   (Slartibartfast?) They could build planets, satellites andignite the
   sun-centers. Other, even higher, ETs could be in charge of maintaining
   whole GALAXIES. And others, still more advanced, could be in charge of
   clusters of galaxies.
   There are no limits to the UNIVERSES or to what extent Life is capable of
   building within them. Imagine our Big Bang and a GIANT that can make
   that explosion into a small sphere of energy because they are that BIG!
   Then,
   what else is there?
   Oh, LOOK the giant takes a spyglass and sees a long, long way through
   the dark void and what is observed? IT sees another little firecracker
   going off. IT turns in adifferent direction and sees another and another
   far flicker of Little Bangs to the giant.
   It is an article (& film script) posted on World-Mysteries website where
   this section of IU is cut and pasted. Seriously, next pages attempt to
   solve the tiny mystery of G-D while Part 3) attempts to solve the micro
   mystery of HUMANS!
   ENOUGH OF THE ARCHITECTURE WHATABOUT THE ARCHITECT?
   G-ds to Go- and back again
   Who IS this G-D-person, anyway?
   What is -od? Everyone asks this dull, drab, boring question. Here is the
   problem; it is just too large of a question.
   What is the answer to Life, the Universe and Everything? (Ask the mice;
   they have been experimenting on us). TOO BIG of a question is the
   dilemma. Why not ask how suns and planets are created? Why not ask
   how humans can be made? No; people want to understand the big picture as
   if they CAN. They cannot. Nevertheless, they question, who is the Architect
   of it ALL? Who is the overall Builder? People ask, what is G-d? as if they
   can grasp the answer. They cannot even understand the question. The
   problem is the question of Go- is not understandable.
   Part 3.
   John Winston          johnfw@mlode.com


20110316-Mars. Part 3.-60031.html[12/03/2022 10:25:52]
