{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T13:05:59Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29961, "source_ctime_ns": 1790759928790041677, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110511-The-Life-Of-Ellie.-Part-4-of-4.-60219.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790759928749641172, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110511-The-Life-Of-Ellie.-Part-4-of-4.-60219.pdf", "source_sha256": "573c6d82b079050be20dea12e091e384cb65fd74c12ded6e0177ab46346aedbd"}

Let's Hear It From Sohin.


  Subject: Let's Hear It From Sohin.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 11/05/2011, 06:44
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Let's Hear It From Sohin.
  May 10, 2011.
    Here is some information from a space people who I've not heard from
  before.
  ..............................................................
  ..............................................................
  Commander Sohin: Alpha Centaurus
  C-anneled by Kris-Won
  Greetings from Alpha Starship!
  According to the intentions of your speakers, you will know if they really
  come to help you or if they have other things in mind. This advice can be
  applied in all spheres, not only in the terrestrial sphere.
  Until only a few years ago, you had to be very alert about the
  communications you were receiving (some c-ntactees know this well, like
  Sixto Paz and Eugenio Siracusa, among others), for there was on the
  surface of your planet some visiting civilizations whose interest was
  more of a scientific nature (for their science, obviously) than a s-iritual
  one. They had not come to help you ev-lve sp-ritually, but to study your
  behaviour and also your genetics, and to understand how your internal
  organs functioned.
  You named them "the Greys" because of their skin color. There are
  famously sad abduction cases in which members of your human r-ce
  were beamed into their small laboratory-spaceships where they were
  observed and studied by those small beings.
  They gave all of us the same reputation, that extraterrestials had come
  to kidnap and terrorize you, and in that way they put us all in the same
  "bag" - no matter who we were, no matter what intention we had.
  Also the wish of some filmmakers to produce sensationalistic and
  frightening movies has contributed to the expansion of that lie, that
  we all come with those same selfish and egoistic intentions.
  But since a few years ago, close to the turn of the millennium, the
  Galactic Federation decided to intervene in order to protect the
  population of the Earth and to dissolve the agreement and plot that
  the Greys had organized together with some members of the U-ited
  States g-vernment.
  Although there were other countries who were aware of this plot, it was
  explicitly the Un-ted States mil-tary gov-rnment who had made this
  agreement with the Greys, especially the mil-tary command of that
  North American country.
  The Federation intervened in order to protect the innocent population,
  mostly in the Uni-ed States, for many of them were being used as guinea
  pigs, with the approval of the milita-y and certain North Ame-ican
  Se-ret Esp-onage Agencies.
  The Galactic Federation intervened with a complex logistical plan,
  starting by disabling those visitors' technology, and ending with their
  capture inside their own spaceships, banishing them from this planet
  and sending them back to their Solar System of origin, one very close
  to yours. (JW That may well be true but some of Greys, Repts. and
  d-mons may still be around and are working with the forces light.) Once
  the first part of the plan, the Greys' evacuation, was concluded, a grid
  formed through a type of energy unknown to you on this planet was
  created, one that is self-intelligent - without having a life of its own,
  for it has been weaved through our technology - and capable of
  discerning the type of visitor trying to gain access to your atmosphere
  and ground.
  If a visitor or visitors don't have a pure and altruistic intention to help
  the
  population, this help possibly having a whole array of characteristics,
  the energetic grid will impede their access to this planet.
  In this way, the Galactic Federation makes sure that no other exterior
  civilization with intentions similar to that of the Greys can interfere
  with the Ascension process to which you have a right, by express
  decision of He Who Is All Love and All Mercy.
  We don't deny to you that there have been occasions when we have
  had to adopt drastic measures with some civilizations who came
  with hostile purposes or, at the very least, with no intention to help
  you; but you can count these cases with the fingers of one hand
  because the vast majority of visits that you have had since the


20110511-The Life Of Ellie. Part 4 of 4.-60219.html[12/03/2022 10:27:19]
Let's Hear It From Sohin.

  beginning of the new millennium have been those of your brothers who
  have come to help, not to experiment or to extract minerals from
  the earth's crust of your planet.
  I have explained this to you so that you are calm, knowing that your
  process of elevation to the fifth dimension is being protected by all
  of us, as well as by the precise technology of the energetic grid
  surrounding Gaia since a few years of your Earth time.
  The internal events occurring on your planet in which you yourselves
  play a leading role, and which you have knowledge of because you
  see them on your daily newscasts, are another matter we will speak
  of in another communique later on.
  May the Light of the Infinite and Eternal Creator of all worlds surround
  you and fill you with Peace and Love.
  Commander Sohin
  Kris-Won was born in the Island of Mallorca (Spain) in the
  Mediterranean Sea in 1961, where he currently resides. He got
  the gift of cha-neling when he was 21 years old, while he
  belonged to a spiritual group in Palma de Mallorca. He has
  traveled to countries with ancient cultures of undeniable
  spir-tual influence such as India, Mexico and Egypt. In 1985 he
  personally met the Indian Master Sathya Sai Baba. His teachings
  and guidance influenced his life profoundly, so he dedicated
  himself to translating a great deal of Sathya Sai Baba's teachings
  to Spanish during the last 10 years. By late 2009, he joined our
  group of translators and began to translate other cha-nelers'
  messages. Shortly after that, Alpha Starship began to dictate him
  their first messages.
  Signs and Symbols: Honoring What You Love
  by Cheryl Richardson
  April 18, 2011
  I've spent the week reading the wonderful stories and examples of
  how people are paying attention to the signs, symbols, and experiences
  that reawaken their passions. The stories are varied and provide
  great inspiration for paying attention to what shows up in your life every
  day!
  One reader realized that her passion for watching Elvis Presley movies
  was a sign that she needed to sing and dance a lot more often. Another
  could now see that a love of National Geographic magazines reflected
  a hunger to be in the beauty of nature on a regular basis. One woman
  admitted that she feels terrific after cleaning out her car and that she
  loves creating order and cleanliness (I suggested she open her own
  auto detailing shop!).
  Here are a few others:
  A commercial for helping injured dogs sparks a need to do something
  more concrete to support the care of animals.
  * Watching the movie A Little Romance, inspires a trip to Paris to fulfill
  a childhood dream (and who knows where that will lead!).
  * A reoccurring dream of running a wellness center challenges one
  woman to honor her love of teaching healthy eating habits to kids.
  * Beautiful earrings found at a craft fair reawakens a love of
  architecture and a passion for the energy of space.
  As I read through these wonderful emails, I find myself thinking that we
  are such unique, creative beings who long to express our hidden
  desires. So, what gets in the way?
  Okay, I know that many of us feel like there's not enough time, we
  can't afford to quit our day jobs, or that we're missing vital training
  or experience. But, I think it's something more.
  1. Forgetfulness. We get lulled into a comfortably numb place by the
  busyness of our lives and forget what matters to our s-ul. Instead,
  we need to remember to keep our eyes and ears open for clues.
  2. Not enough space. Yes, most of us do lead busy lives, myself
  included, but ask yourself: What small thing might you let go of to
  create a little space in your life to pursue the desire that tugs at
  your heart? I say small because too often we imagine having to
  make a huge life change to accommodate this need.
  Anything big feels scary and undoable. So, make it small, easy and doable.
  Where might you find a little space to breathe life into your passion?
  3. Lack of faith. What if I told you that there was a force greater than
  any fear you possess that will open doors and windows that lead you
  to do what your so-l longs to do?
  Well, there is, but you'll need to take action to ignite this force and
  operate on faith until you see the evidence of its presence.
  All it takes is one little step to get started. If you love animals, visit
  a local shelter and volunteer for one hour. If dancing is what makes
  your heart soar, make a CD of your favorite ten songs and find a place
  to let your body move. If you love the energy of space or the beauty
  of architecture, buy a magazine this afternoon and read it cover to
  cover. Just do something!


20110511-The Life Of Ellie. Part 4 of 4.-60219.html[12/03/2022 10:27:19]
Let's Hear It From Sohin.

  Part 1.
  John Winston.             johnfw@mlode.com


20110511-The Life Of Ellie. Part 4 of 4.-60219.html[12/03/2022 10:27:19]
