{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T13:44:50Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30366, "source_ctime_ns": 1790732077808011968, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110926-The-Kings-Chamber.-Part-2.-884.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790732077802930130, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110926-The-Kings-Chamber.-Part-2.-884.pdf", "source_sha256": "429c7e9b0023973fa84fbc0714457fb36779f93dcae15d651fbda5ea2f24c1a5"}

The Kings Chamber. Part 2.


  Subject: The Kings Chamber. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 26/09/2011, 06:09
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Kings Chamber. Part 2.
  Sept. 25, 2011.
     This explains what Thoth had to do with the building of The Great Pyramid.
  ............................................................
  ............................................................
      As such if you were to enter these pyramids with such limited belief you
  would not interface with the frequency in proper attunement. If you will
  attempt to see its dissonance or its disappearance you would equally gain
  very little. Truly if man attempts to subjectively define the process, it
  would not be of benefit because phi pyramids become living holograms with
  conscious sentience that ever expands and redefines itself in exponential
  paradigms of higher dimensional geometry.
  Construction Processes
  The Phi Resonance instruments used for Pyramidal construction processes were
  mentally tuned to produce harmonic wave forms associated with the unified
  fields. These tunings were intricately matched to the measure of the Pyramid
  base and to the appropriate resonating cavities within the Pyramid.
    The placement of the sound-engineering technicians around the Pyramid
  were carefully aligned for the desired anti-gravity application, spaced at
  key points around the base. The instruments were employed in different
  toning and timing for staged applications of the construction. Specific
  sustained sound vibration enabled the building blocks to defy gravity.
       But again, keep in mind the original construction occurred in thought
  field before the physical blocks were manifested, floated into place via
  multidimensional sound engineering. And while we realize this seems totally
  fantastic and unimaginable, it is a technology that has been employed
  previously in more advanced civilizations on the Earthplane.
       Space and time as you understand them ripple through each other. They do
  not behave as you think they do. Presently you understand your laws of
  physics only in linear application within 3d. This will be confusing to
  you, but the Giza Complex has no true beginning point in linear time. But if
  you wish to pinpoint a date of construction for the Giza complex, we will
  say that the present version of the complex was manifested through Thoth and
  the Orion M-sters originally some 38,000 years ago. Yet that is a fleeting
  number, and is only valid from one linear perspective.
  Question to Metatron: Amazing. You mention a construction point with Thoth
  and the Orion Ma-ters around 38,000 years ago. Isn't that a beginning point?
  Metatron: Ah, but we said it was a fleeting number, and that it dissolved
  and reappeared many times within physicality. And yes it is confusing,
  (*gentle laughter) but it is not the only time they were manifested in
  stone, in materialization. Indeed, part of the reason our answer may seem
  confusing to you, is that you are observing from the assumption that time is
  linear.
       So we tell you the Pyramid was indeed manifested before the time you
  query, and formed in physicality again approximately 12,500 years ago you
  see.
  So what was the beginning? There never was one. But we will say that 38,000
  years ago is the time most relative to your current paradigm of reality.
  There are many Earths. We have told you that before.
  Octahedrons and their complexities are among the geometric mechanism that
  connects all realities. So let us say that there are no specific fixed
  construction time-points of Giza. That is because at Giza you are in a
  precise intersection of time-space holograms of multiple dimensional reality
  of the Omni-Earth.
       All hologramic programs of what you term time coexist & juncture in that
  precise point. That is the logic of why the Pyramids were positioned there.
  In truth you have many pasts, many futures and many coexisting paradigms at
  Giza. All are valid, and all co exist simultaneously. Mas-ers, you must
  understand that there is no singular version of reality.
       Giza is in truth an octahedron. As such the Pyramids at Giza are a
  conduit that connects many worlds, inner and outer. There are many such
  pyramids and conduits that serve this role, but none quite so potently as
  Giza. And Ma-ters, there is much much more that occurs in such points.
  Points of Multidimensional Interface


20110926-The Kings Chamber. Part 2.-884.html[12/03/2022 10:29:28]
The Kings Chamber. Part 2.

  The unique aspects of your particular physical world, within your specific
  NOW, are quite dependent on your existence and perceptions in it. As such
  the physical universe does not contain physical objects that can be
  perceived by those whose existence is not within your collective NOW.
      Many other alternate forms of reality and consciousness coincide and
  coexist within the same space that your present earth occupies. Your
  simultaneous lifetimes exist in these, and it is the same space you live in,
  but other versions of you do not perceive the same physical objects you do
  because these other parallels are of a different frequency. Just as AM and
  FM radio waves travel in the same space without interfering with one
  another, so do parallel realities exist in the same space less illusion of
  physical space.
      Now there are exceptions, as certain vectors of your paradigms can and
  do interface at specific flash-points. These are stargates, portals, and
  wormholes in your vernacular. But your scientists and academics are yet
  several centuries from understanding this.
      And so these points on your planet are not understood, and are vastly
  unrecognized. Yet they exist on many grid-points on the earth. The points
  are portals, and within these magnificent portals realities merge.
  Multidimensionality is a validity of the unified field, of quantum physics.
  It exists, it is real. It is not science fi-tion, but it is indeed sac-ed
  science!
      Few are truly able to adjust their human frequency to fully optimize
  Mer-Ka-Na within these points of multidimensionality, which is requisite to
  fully explore them. But many of you indeed have the opportunity to expand
  beyond and increase your present light quotient within them.
      The Pyramids at Giza and indeed other such power nodes & sac-ed sites
  were built precisely on such vector point-coordinates. That is why they are
  still revered. But the knowledge of their placement, construction and
  purpose has been lost.
  Life Force Generators
  In highly simplified terms, these interface points provide the coded
  crystalline light-force of life itself, and provide the means for thought to
  be solidified into physical matter or for probable events to be manifested
  and coagulated into experience.
      On a higher level, all of you understand this, despite your groans of
  incomprehension. It is only your duality filters, your relatively limited
  grasp within the illusion of human existence on the earth plane that makes
  this seem so unlikely. So understand that these power-vector points are in
  essence life force generators. There are twelve such interface points that
  connect all paradigms, all probable and parallel realities.
  The Vortex
  The King's Pyramid of Giza exists not only in all twelve dimensions on your
  Earth Plane, but also in your Earth's parallels. There are other such
  inserted manifestations on your Earth, but none quite so tangible as the
  Great Pyramid. Pyramids exist on all of your solar system planets. All are
  aligned to Orion, and all are great communication devices in one aspect,
  although there are variations in their properties and dimension. That is
  because the other planets support dimensional fields different in number
  and nature than those of the Earth.
      The King's Chamber is not the center of mass of the Great Pyramid,
  rather it is where the primary energetic vortex is centered. The vortex is
  the true alignment. The vertices are oriented to the Earth and to Orion, so
  as such so they are tilted. The vortexial funnel is not straight, rather it
  is angled.
      If you were to place yourself within the vortex, you would wish to
  stand at an angle, you see. You must know that the energies move, and so
  they direct themselves. Now, as they are at an angle, then it appears that
  they are managed by an axis, and that axis rotates here and there.
      Now, under the proper circumstances, under very specific conditions, the
  entire chamber would also appear to rotate, even as the hea-ens rotate
  creating an indoor planetarium within the very pyramid. All of this comes
  about because the complex harmonic frequency makes it so.
      Now if I were to give to you the specific date as you had asked earlier,
  all of this would then disappear for you. Can you understand? In time and
  date and linear sequence, the vortices would then not exist in the same
  vector, or in the same specific astronomical gravity fields, and you would
  not then gain the benefits.
       It is multi-dimensional, timeless; such is the nature of higher
  dimensional vortexial-portals. They crysto- shift and electro-magnetically
  attract. They cannot be pinned down in linear time. Truly, because linear
  time only exists in the duality of lower dimensional fields, and such
  vortex-portal matrixes exist above that level by a complex merging of hyper
  dimension and grid.
  Part 2.


20110926-The Kings Chamber. Part 2.-884.html[12/03/2022 10:29:28]
The Kings Chamber. Part 2.

  John Winston.              johnfw@mlode.com


20110926-The Kings Chamber. Part 2.-884.html[12/03/2022 10:29:28]
