{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T23:38:24Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 28793, "source_ctime_ns": 1790707892625845849, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110929-Planet-Alert.-60733.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790707892457681384, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110929-Planet-Alert.-60733.pdf", "source_sha256": "7aec9b0768f1535357fbed20a493052ed257389815cbd23c192bd2de05aa2daa"}

Underground Bases And The Galactic Federation.


  Subject: Underground Bases And The Galactic Federation.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 28/09/2011, 22:16
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Underground Bases And The Galactic Federation.                  Sept.
  28, 2011.
    This source of information seems to think that the Galactic Federation had
  something to do with the destruction of some undergound bases.
  ...................................................................
  ...................................................................
  Ja-is
  Update by Sheldan N-dle for the S-iritual Hierarchy and the Galactic
  Federation
  6 Oc, 3 Tzotz, 8 Manik
  Dratzo!
   Much has been happening on your world. Many minor issues are
  delaying temporarily the distribution of your prosperity funds and the
  much-awaited broadcasts. These delays are the last in a long line of
  impediments that have dictated the pace of change for your world. They
  determined that what could have been easy and rapid finally ran up
  against the time limit set by H-aven. What is important to remember is
  that the coming events are inevitable. The precious-metal depositories
  are set up across the globe and the primary components of the new
  financial system are in place. The final push we mentioned recently has
  turned into a major s-cret conflict between the dark c-bal and its
  staunchest adherents, and a determined group of ar-ed forces that is
  removing these obstructive beings so that the changes can happen
  smoothly. This struggle has reached a point where we are now ready to
  intervene and end the ca-al's last-ditch stand. Our Agarthan cousins
  have begun to assist the pro-reformation forces to ensure absolutely
  that there will be no sudden turn of events in the dark's favor. We say
  to them, On to victory!
         Our forces continue to adhere strictly to the guidelines issued to
  us by He-ven, but we also look forward to the time when we can do more
  than merely assist our Earth allies in putting together a new reality.
  This is no simple assignment. You are tasking yourselves with
  completely reforming a world that has existed for millennia, which
  means, in effect, that you need to bring about a huge series of changes
  largely unheard of in the present reality. However, this amount of
  change is something that our Agarthan cousins are prepared for, as they
  fully expected that the dark would not be allowed to complete its
  illegal machinations for preventing your return to full consciousness.
  He-ven had a d-vine timetable which proclaimed that the time for the
  return of the Light was upon you, and that it was to be sparked off by
  a massive first contact with the Galactic Federation. The present
  goings-on are simply part of the run-up to disclosure. Amazing things
  will be associated with disclosure and we look forward to participating
  in these events with you.
          The road to disclosure has had many strange turns. Recently,
  several major g-vernments agreed to be on board with disclosure and
  then abruptly withdraw from that agreement. This taught us that only
  the caretaker gov-rnments could ensure disclosure. Therefore, over the
  past few months we started to increase our assistance both to our Earth
  allies and to those willing to actively pursue the use of coercion to
  drive the dark ca-al from its underground bases, and this was
  successful. Further, our defense forces have discombobulated the
  'advanced' technologies which are sequestered at these bases with the
  intention of denying the dark ones any possibility of last-minute
  mischief, which they still persist in plotting. The leadership of the
  dark needs to accept that its time in the catbird seat is at an end and
  that the moment has arrived for all the dark ones to face the music and
  formally surrender to the various forces that are waiting to create the
  new temporary gove-nments. These are the legal instruments to produce
  disclosure.
             The final steps in this last act of mass defiance by the dark are
  now     underway. As their alternative courses of action shrink by the


20110929-Planet Alert.-60733.html[12/03/2022 10:29:29]
Underground Bases And The Galactic Federation.

  minute, the time comes for their leadership to bow to the inevitable.
  Surrender can prevent a lot of unnecessary pain and sorrow for their
  families and especially for them. You are standing on the very brink of
  a golden a-e for humanity, and your return to full consciousness
  completes the prophecies decreed by the Light at the fall of Atlantis.
  This time is meant to be one of great joy, and the dark is prolonging
  the time of chaos unnecessarily. Heav-n is now advising us that we are
  to intervene in ways that we were formerly disinclined to, and have
  assisted those who 'cleaned out' a number of major dark underground
  bases. We have also disrupted or destroyed several devices used by the
  dark as part of its complex operations to prevent your rise to full
  consciousness. The time for our arrival on your shores is close at
  hand!
          Blessings! We are your Ascended Mas-ers! We come today to give
  you a better understanding of what is happening around you. Right now,
  moves are being completed in a number of nations to bring about the
  fall of several t-rannical regimes. Also, our associates are wrapping
  up a series of discussions about the new procedures to be explained to
  those banks intending to operate internationally. Most importantly, the
  current wall between domestic and international b-nking operations in
  A-erica is finally to be breached. Hence it is vital that the new
  transparent modes of operation be known to both large and small ban-ing
  institutions. Further, a series of new international monitoring agencies
  are to be very rigorous in their scrutiny of all daily ban-ing practices.
  It is essential for these new agencies to regulate global ban-ing
  operations both thoroughly and effectively.
          The most important aspect is of course the new currencies and the
  changes of go-ernance. These areas still have a few problems. We
  continue to pave the way for the first few announcements by the new
  temporary go-ernments, and all new monies for each nation have been
  transferred to local distributions centers. Officials from the ban-s
  being serviced by these centers have been trained to exchange the new
  money and are conversant with the new procedures that their -ank tellers
  are to follow. Specific new rules will be imparted to each group of
  b-nk officials, and the funds long blocked by the old regimes will be
  released after the requisite papers are formally agreed to by those
  initially receiving the funds. Then, a grand distribution of monies from
  St. Germaine's World Trust will begin.
          The distribution of these funds is tied to the many gov-rnmental
  reform groups taking temporary control of a number of major
  gov-rnments. An international tribunal has formally given our forces
  authority to make arrests and take down these govern-ents. Several
  mi-itary units and legal groups within these same nations are assisting
  us to complete these arrests. So far, thousands of the dark ca-al's
  personnel have been taken into custody and held at special secure
  facilities located near the edges of Inner Earth. Our intent is to
  finish this operation very shortly and to be able to install new
  gove-nance, and then start the first series of announcements. We dearly
  desire to begin a more personal approach to you and be able to make our
  broadcasts together with the Galactic Federation of Light. It will be a
  most joyous time. Namaste!
          Today, we talked about the many operations that will open a path
  to freedom for you and your world. These procedures need to be
  accomplished before disclosure rolls out, and are signs of your rapidly
  approaching new reality. It is this new reality which will allow you to
  complete your transformation to full consciousness. Know, dear Ones,
  that the countless Supply and never-ending Prosperity of Heav-n are
  indeed Yours! So Be It! Selamat Gajun! Selamat Ja! (Sirian for Be One!
  and Be in Joy!)
  Planetary Activation Organization | Mailing Address: P. O. Box 4975, El
  Dorado Hills, California 95762 USA
  Voicemail: 808-573-3110 | E-mail: info@paoweb.com | Website address:
  www.paoweb.com
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110929-Planet Alert.-60733.html[12/03/2022 10:29:29]
