{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T11:49:34Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31291, "source_ctime_ns": 1790771488566025743, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110328-How-Did-We-Get-Here_-Part-6.-490-55bdfed5ba.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790771488366938762, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110328-How-Did-We-Get-Here_-Part-6.-490-55bdfed5ba.pdf", "source_sha256": "65ef196bef38de8da9d27a19a1db320fabd07e5ffc1ded926f89071210e380dd"}

How Did We Get Here? Part 6.


  Subject: How Did We Get Here? Part 6.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 28/03/2011, 01:44
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: How Did We Get Here?                Part 5.                Mar. 27,
  2011.
     This talks about Maldek.
  ..............................................
  ..............................................
         "Even though most communication is mental, there is till a
  tube type of system to travel around the planet. You can travel to
  almost anywhere on the planet in a very short time. This tube system is
  mostly above ground and available to everyone. When you are riding in
  the tube, there is no sensation of movement because the problems of
  gravity and energy have long been overcome by Pleiadean science. The
  tube cars are something like our monorail systems on Earth, but are far
  more advanced and intelligent. As with other structures on Erra, the
  tubes can think and carry on a conversation with you about your
  destination, and answer any questions you may have about the scenery or
  topography of the planet (more primitive tubes of this variety were also
  used on Earth by the Anasazi to travel on the long straight roads they
  built, having no wheels as such).
          ". . . Because of this, everyone is able to share in the
  resources of their world in accordance with their contribution, without
  the fear of greed and power. This has made their life more pleasurable,
  and creates an environment where the quality of life is considerably
  higher.
         ". . . . D-vorce is not allowed because they feel this is an
  offense against the Laws of Creation. If the marriage laws are broken,
  the partners are exiled from the planet, but this rarely happens. They
  believe in many kinds of love, especially in friendship and marriage
  which are very closely related, as well as the love of all
  creatures."
  If you are beginning to feel a little lost, perhaps it is time for a
  quick refresher course in genetics.
  The Old Stone-age Neanderthalers were so physically unlike modern humans
  that we could not possibly have e-olved from them in terms of our
  genetics in such a short period of time. They were even mentally quite
  different as determined from a skull shape affording little room for
  thinking and speaking parts of the brain. Thus they were no missing
  link. There was also no separation between Neanderthals and Cro-Magnons,
  but they were both totally different genetically and their cultures
  remarkably dissimilar. Cro-Magnons showed sophisticated art, clothing,
  habitation and general lifestyle, yet somewhere between 30,000-35,000 BC
  they did exist as contemporaries. It is through genetic testing done in
  1997 that proof was finally achieved that modern humans (Homo sapiens
  sapiens) had not the slightest trace of ancestry from even the
  Cro-Magnons. Similar testing found that Homo erectus dated back to only
  40,000 years ago in Java, rather than having died out 200,000 years ago
  as originally thought.
  None of these forerunners ev-lved from each other either. They all seem
  to possess singular characteristics unrelated to the others, meaning
  that their genetics evo-ved separately from one another. Then, too, some
  mysteriously died out while others survived. This logically suggests the
  garden concept expressed by the Council of Nine that you plant many
  different kinds of seed in new soil to see which one will survive and
  flourish.
  You see, as the Nine explain it, only about 5% of the DNA within each
  cell is used in constructing a physical body. The remainder concerns
  information including r-ce or archetypal memory, psychological factors
  such as collective consciousness, and other streams of energies. It is,
  in a way, the hard drive storage for all the lifetimes of our ancestors
  who have added their genes in order to create ours. It is also the
  container for various elements of cosmic knowledge, especially for the
  s-crets regarding the cosmic connection of man to his Creator. Do not be
  fooled by modern day experimenters in genetics and the supposedly


20110328-How Did We Get Here_ Part 6.-490.html[12/03/2022 10:25:58]
How Did We Get Here? Part 6.

  worthwhile goals they say they are seeking. As we shall see, much of
  what is happening today with regard to genetic manipulation has already
  gone on before in Atlantis and other places, and often with disastrous
  repercussions that we are still trying to cope with today.
  During upgrading in our genetics such as those the Civilizations have
  done, genes have been introduced which have physically adapted the brain
  and intelligence hormones. This is kind of like upgrading a
  computer's memory capacity and processing ability. The information
  brought to the Earth seeds then was not only verbally transmitted
  through ideas and information, but also genetically encoded into our DNA
  and transmitted through procreation between the inhabitants and these
  off-world star beings. Genetics is one of the major factors we are
  following in our quest for understanding the Tree of Life as it has been
  seeded on the planet, been hybridized throughout the millennia, and even
  today is being manipulated by power-seeking groups for the purpose of
  control, i.e. the chemtrails.
  The biggest problem with genetics is that this pool of genes we carry
  within us, which on the one hand can be upgraded by adding fresh
  influences from other rac-s, can also deteriorate if left too long
  without fresh additions. Interbreeding within a group for too long can
  actually create great problems in the beings created, mostly by
  concentrating certain traits to the exclusion of all others.
  The Grays, the infamous group of aliens who are blamed for many of the
  abductions on the planet, are a d-ing r-ce which is trying to use genes
  from those they abduct to reinvigorate their own genetic pool.
  Unfortunately it seems as if the human-Gray hybrids that have been
  created have lacked that vital quality which allows So-l to embrace the
  new form and inhabit the physical structure; kind of like mating a cow
  with a dog, it just doesn't work.
  There is, indeed, great difficulty involved with the workings of genetic
  manipulation. The FATHER's Creation does not allow for change very
  easily, as the Grays and even the Twenty-Four have found out over a long
  period of time. Those that have been successful need to understand the
  light- and sound- encoding that allows genes to fuse effectively, as
  talked about in The Pleiadean Agenda.
  Many of the di-eases known to humanity were caused by genetic factors
  originally brought about by the mixing of the various ra-es. Some were
  from genetic factors inherent in one group from a particular star system
  which then did not intermarry well with the genetics of others from
  another planet. This is evident in the dis-ases particular to certain
  r-ces of people.
  Is it starting to make sense now why there are so many different b-ood
  types on the planet? So many different types of digestive system? So
  many different types of metabolism - some for vegetarians, some for meat
  eaters, and so on? Think of planet earth as a Star Wars bar full of
  various types and forms of aliens and blended humans and the picture can
  then become much clearer.
  Not only did we inherit the benefits of the new genetic factors in this
  mixing, but we also inherited many of the problems, attitudes, and
  `physical' attributes associated with Beings from the various
  planets, as we see here in the story of the A-yan ra-e of people.
  The Ary-n Branch
         One group of star seeds that has been responsible for much of the
  confusion and disruption on this planet are the A-yans. As Peter
  Moon describes their history, they come from the star Aldebaran, a star
  which has two planets forming the Sumeran Empire.
         "The population of Sumeran was divided into two classes. First
  there was the Ar-an or ma-ter ra-e. Additionally there was a subservient
  r-ce which had developed in a negative fashion as a result of mutation
  from climatic changes. As both populations began to expand, there were
  problems because of ra-ial intermixing. The people became dull and the
  technology for space travel was lost."
         In spite of this ra-ist undertone, we are told that there was no
  rac-sm in the Sumeran Empire and that the different peoples respected
  each other. The Aldebarans or Ar-ans were at one time able to travel to
  other stars. They were, in fact, migrants to this area of the universe,
  first settling on Mars and Maldek, the planet whose remnants now make up
  the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. This planet was a part of
  the original Luciferian wa-s, as they are called. A major -ar took place
  between these two planets, leaving one a large, lifeless, chunk of rock
  floating in space, and the other, shattered into millions of smaller
  chunks hovering out in space.


20110328-How Did We Get Here_ Part 6.-490.html[12/03/2022 10:25:58]
How Did We Get Here? Part 6.


         There is a great lesson here to be learned by people on planet
  Earth, for many of us were on these planets at the time they were
  destroyed. We need therefore to remember the lessons involved in this
  w-r and not let it happen again.
  The surfaces of Mercury, Mars, and several satellites of the planets
  (including Earth's moon) show the effects of the intense bombardment
  by fragments from this destruction. On Earth that record has eroded
  away, except for a few recently discovered impact caters (and no, they
  didn't destroy the dinosaurs).
  All the Darkness which has arisen from the foundation of humankind on
  this planet has not all been Lucifer's fault, believe it or not.
  Certainly over the past 50,000 years, however, his focus has been on
  this planet and the controlling its people, thereby gaining control over
  its role as a melting-pot and s-iritual fulcrum for the Universe. The
  planet Maldek was destroyed in as much because it would not surrender
  totally to the control of those in his service. The Martian planet was
  decimated and all atmospheric possibilities for life to exist upon the
  planet surface again, were destroyed in this very same battle. This was
  approximately 100,000 years ago.
  Part 6.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110328-How Did We Get Here_ Part 6.-490.html[12/03/2022 10:25:58]
