{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T11:28:20Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30647, "source_ctime_ns": 1790680130711758459, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110325-How-Did-We-Get-Here_-483.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790680130698475205, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110325-How-Did-We-Get-Here_-483.pdf", "source_sha256": "4c9cf686ff076031170ea0e62123c1bebff5d1c97d551fd250b934c5eadab418"}

How Did We Get Here?


  Subject: How Did We Get Here?
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 25/03/2011, 05:43
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: How Did We Get Here?
  Mar. 24, 2011.
     This suggest that we were all seeded.
  ...............................................................
  ...............................................................
  Message from S-irit, Wicahpe To Hoksila (Blue Star Boy)
  Received in Spring Equinox Ceremony 03.21.2011
  Sent by Chief Blue Star Eagle.
  6. Everyone should remember their origin from the stars.
  Chapter 6 -- Seeding from the Stars
  Sometimes it is easier to accept a Creation story like the one we've
  been following than it is to believe there are aliens who might one day
  show up on our front doorstep for a visit. Perhaps this is because
  `G-d' seems so nebulous and so much less personal, while aliens
  on the other hand could be so very, very close and real.
  Statistics suggest that more than 57 percent of Americans believe in
  UFOs, while fifteen percent say they have seen a UFO, and as many as 5
  percent say they have been abducted. These figures seem very low after
  my speaking with people from all over the world, and working with
  abductees for a number of years - abductees who have a completely
  different figure in mind, something more like 40 to 50 percent!
         The one common thread that ties so much of the native mythology of
  all nations together is the idea that our ancestors came from the stars.
  This is certainly common knowledge to just about every Native American
  tribe, and many other indigenous peoples as well.
  In Mali, West Africa, lives a tribe of people called the Dogon. The
  Dogon are believed to be of Egyptian decent and their astronomical lore
  goes back thousands of years to 3200 BC. According to their traditions,
  the star Sirius has a companion star which is invisible to the human
  eye. This companion star has a 50 year elliptical orbit around the
  visible Sirius and is extremely heavy. It also rotates on its axis.
  This legend might be of little interest to anybody but the two French
  anthropologists, Marcel Griaule and Germain Dieterlen, who recorded it
  from four Dogon priests in the 1930's. Of little interest except that it
  is exactly true. How did a people who lacked any kind of astronomical
  devices know so much about an invisible star? The star, which scientists
  call Sirius B, wasn't even photographed until done by a large radio
  telescope in 1970.
  The Dogon stories explain that, according to their oral traditions, a
  r-ce of people from the Sirius system called the Nommos visited Earth
  thousands of years ago. The Nommos were ugly, amphibious beings that
  resembled mermen and mermaids. They also appear in Babylonian, Accadian,
  and Sumerian myths. The Egyptian Go-dess Isis, who is sometimes depicted
  as a mermaid, is often linked with the star Sirius.
         According to the Dogon legend, the Nommos lived on a planet that
  orbits another star in the Sirius system. They landed on Earth in an
  "ark" that made a spinning descent to the ground with great noise and
  wind. It was the Nommos that gave the Dogon the knowledge about Sirius
  B.
  Such credible witnesses as former U.S. P-esident Jimmy C-rter have
  admitted on record to having seen a UFO, though he is not the only
  public figure to have done so. Voice recordings of N-SA astronauts
  publicly available tell how the astronauts have seen UFOs from the space
  shuttle's windows. NA-A astronauts such as Neil A-mstrong and Buzz
  A-drin, Ed W-ite and James M-Divitt, James L-vell and Frank
  B-rmann, Walter S-hirer, and Gordon C-oper, all testified before the
  U-ited Nations that UFOs are repeatedly visiting this planet. Russian
  film footage of their cosmonauts working on the space-station Mir show


20110325-How Did We Get Here_-483.html[12/03/2022 10:25:57]
How Did We Get Here?

  obvious UFOs circling the area in the background as the cosmonauts do
  their work.
  Ed Mi-chell, Apollo astronaut, appeared on Dateline NBC in April, 1996,
  and indicated that NAS- was covering up what really happened at Roswell.
  There is also evidence to suggest that Cro-Magnon man was doing drawings
  of UFOs as long as 13,000 to 30,000 years ago in French and Spanish
  caves, places where there were no sources of light at the time.
  Prior to 1947 and the Roswell Incident, there had still been as many as
  1000 books written on the incidence of Unidentified Flying Objects.
  Since the early 1980s, the number of books on the subject has grown
  exponentially. Former U.S. Pr-sident Ronald R-agan is famous for his
  public comments made in 1987 alluding to an alien threat that would
  force the feuding countries of the world to pull together in a common
  act in order to repel hostile invaders. He even concluded one statement
  in September 1987 with the rhetorical question, "And yet I ask you,
  is not an alien threat already among us?"
  Medieval paintings of r-ligious figures show flying saucers clearly
  visible in the background.
  Until recently, 1997 had been the busiest year yet reported for UFO
  sightings in South America. Yet still the m-litary and go-ernments of
  most countries of the world deny that aliens and UFOs exist. What
  purpose does it serve to deny this fact when they are so very obviously
  real? The Brookings Institute did a report in 1961 at the request of
  -ASA on what the effects might be of disclosing information about the
  reality of aliens to the public. The recommendation was a resounding not
  to do it. The report suggested that such a release of information at
  that time would cause society as we know it to collapse. But would it?
  Or is it just that the threat of alien `invasion' could be used
  against the people as a way of keeping them `in line'?
         At what time of an adopted or orphaned child's life should it
  be appropriate to tell them who their parents really are? Is there any
  easy way to do it? And what would the repercussions be on those children
  after being told? This is the scenario we currently face here on planet
  Earth.
  We are not orphans. We are not abandoned or adopted children. We do in
  fact have parents, and grandparents, and great grandparents, and great,
  great grandparents as well - and somewhere back along the way, there are
  at least one or two of our ancestors who really were alien. It is more
  than probable that there is not just one or two either, but lots of
  them. That `sons of G-d' stuff in the C-ristian B-ble is a story
  about us and our beginnings. All of us have had many lifetimes on this
  planet, and indeed much of this history of the planet and of the
  universe that we are talking about is simply about us in former lives
  and the planetary places from which we recently moved or from which we
  i-carnated into the present lifetime.
  Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it. And repeat
  it. And repeat it.
  Therefore, when we decide that we want to take a look for the origins
  and the causes behind our history, the best place to go is deep within
  ourselves to our own DNA and to our very own cellular memory. Although
  there are many ev-lutionary processes at work in the Universe, it is a
  fact that no human life on this planet has ever evolved from anything
  other than an intelligent, flesh and b-ood human, or proto human-like
  life-forms.
  Now that this has been said, how does it make you feel? Does it make you
  feel like society will suddenly collapse down around your head? No? The
  only thing that might collapse is the power structure built on the lies
  and subversion that have held our history hostage for way too long.
  I know it will take time before the full implications of this statement
  sink in, but somewhere deep inside you, you never could believe that
  `crawling out of a swamp' stuff anyway. Perhaps the best thing
  then to do would be to take tomorrow off from work to think about the
  ramifications of this fact and then it will perhaps become clearer for
  you. The next best thing to do then would be to set aside some time this
  weekend to rearrange your priorities. But, other than that, your life
  will go on as usual.
         Even though some of the illusions that you once held so dear may
  have been brushed away along with the digestion of these facts, you
  will, however, only be left with a much clearer vision of who and what


20110325-How Did We Get Here_-483.html[12/03/2022 10:25:57]
How Did We Get Here?

  you truly are; and who that alien appearing quite human and standing
  next to you is. You will also be a person who is much less likely to be
  used or controlled by those trying to enslave you.
  Before you begin this process, however, wait until you have finished
  reading the rest of this chapter. This is where our history in the lower
  worlds begins - on this, the most beautiful planet in the Universe. It
  is a time when the planet is almost devoid of all life-forms other than
  some evol-ing animals and vegetation formed by a-gelic realm beings.
  Many of these Beings are now in-arnated upon the planet and can remember
  this time of helping form the new d-vine matrices which we now see
  around us.
  The "go-s" whom this honeymoon retreat was created for are now
  absentee landlords, so why let a good thing go to waste?
  Oh, a few visitors stopped by every now and again to rest their weary
  space-legs. Most of these left again after a short time of refreshing
  themselves - perhaps making a pit stop to repair or replenish their
  craft and their supplies. Some stayed awhile but ultimately perished,
  the planet at that time being still way too hostile an environment for
  any kind of advanced life form then existent.
  Part 1.
  John Winston. johnfw@mlode.com


20110325-How Did We Get Here_-483.html[12/03/2022 10:25:57]
