{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T08:42:07Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29407, "source_ctime_ns": 1790746242870696078, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110404-Lucifer.-Part-2.-512.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790746242853390290, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110404-Lucifer.-Part-2.-512.pdf", "source_sha256": "bf989a6c9376f33956fcea6da7f328075dc5f07e50766bb278ad4166dbbc3a02"}

Lucifer. Part 2.


   Subject: Lucifer. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 04/04/2011, 05:43
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Lucifer.           Part 2.
   April 3, 2011.
     If a person would like to read all of the Urantia book they can do it
   by sending off for it free of charge from their local library. The can
   also read it by going to
   google.com
   and typing in the words
   The urantia book
   then going to the second entry which is
   Urantia Book Foundation
   and then go to
   read the book
   You can then copy the book on your computer.
   .........................................
   .........................................
   ppg (743.7)
   66:3.6
   The city represented the best practices of those early days in building
   material brick.
   Very little stone or wood was used. Home building and village
   architecture among the surrounding peoples were greatly improved by
   the Dalamatian example.
   Near the
   Prince's headquarters there dwelt all colors and strata of human beings.
   And it was from these near-by tribes that the first students of the
   Prince's schools were recruited. Although these early schools of
   Dalamatia were crude, they provided all that could be done for the men
   and women of that primitive age.
   The Prince's corporeal staff continuously gathered about them the
   superior individuals of the surrounding tribes and, after training and
   inspiring these students, sent them back as teachers and leaders of their
   respective peoples.
   4. Early Days of the One Hundred
   The arrival of the Prince's staff created a profound impression.
   While it required almost a thousand years for the news to spread abroad,
   those tribes near the Mesopotamian headquarters were tremendously
   influenced by the teachings and conduct of the one hundred new
   sojourners on Urantia. And much of your subsequent mythology grew out
   of the garbled legends of these early days when these members of the
   Prince's staff were repersonalized on Urantia as supermen.
   The serious obstacle to the good influence of such extraplanetary teachers
   is the tendency of mortals to regard them as gods, but aside from the
   technique of their appearance on earth the Caligastia one hundred fifty
   men and fifty women did not resort to supernatural methods nor superhuman
   manipulations.
   But the corporeal staff were nonetheless superhuman. They began their
   mission on Urantia as extraordinary threefold beings:
   1. They were corporeal and relatively human, for they embodied the actual
   life plasm of one of the human races, the Andonic life plasm of Urantia.
   These one hundred members of the Prince's staff were divided equally
   as to sex and in accordance with their previous mortal status. Each
   person of this group was capable of becoming coparental to some new
   order of physical being, but they had been carefully instructed to resort
   to parenthood only under certain conditions. It is customary for the
   corporeal staff of a Planetary Prince to procreate their successors
   sometime prior to retiring from special planetary service. Usually this
   is at, or shortly after, the time of the arrival of the Planetary Adam and
   Eve.
   These special beings therefore had little or no idea as to what type of


20110404-Lucifer. Part 2.-512.html[12/03/2022 10:26:02]
Lucifer. Part 2.

   material creature would be produced by their sexual union. And they never
   did know; before the time for such a step in the prosecution of their world
   work the entire regime was upset by rebellion, and those who later
   functioned in the parental role had been isolated from the life currents of
   the system.
   In skin color and language these materialized members of Caligastia's staff
   followed the Andonic race. They partook of food as did the mortals of
   the realm with this difference: The re-created bodies of this group were
   fully satisfied by a nonflesh diet. This was one of the considerations which
   determined their residence in a warm region abounding in fruits and
   nuts. The practice of subsisting on a nonflesh diet dates from the times of
   the
   Caligastia one hundred, for this custom spread near and far to affect the
   eating habits of many surrounding tribes, groups of origin in the once
   exclusively meat-eating evolutionary races.
   2. The one hundred were material but superhuman beings, having been
   reconstituted on Urantia as unique men and women of a high and special
   order.
   This group, while enjoying provisional citizenship on Jerusem, were as yet
   unfused with their Thought Adjusters; and when they volunteered and were
   accepted for planetary service in liaison with the descending orders of
   sonship,
   their Adjusters were detached. But these Jerusemites were superhuman beings
   they possessed souls of ascendant growth. During the mortal life in the
   flesh the soul is of embryonic estate; it is born (resurrected) in the
   morontia
   life and experiences growth through the successive morontia worlds. And the
   souls of the Caligastia one hundred had thus expanded through the
   progressive
   experiences of the seven mansion worlds to citizenship status on Jerusem.
   In conformity to their instructions the staff did not engage in sexual
   reproduction, but they did painstakingly study their personal constitutions,
   and they carefully explored every imaginable phase of intellectual
   (mind) and morontia (soul) liaison. And it was during the thirty-third year
   of
   their sojourn in Dalamatia, long before the wall was completed, that number
   two and number seven of the Danite group accidentally discovered a
   phenomenon attendant upon the liaison of their morontia selves (supposedly
   nonsexual and nonmaterial); and the result of this adventure proved to be
   the
   first of the primary midway creatures. This new being was wholly visible to
   the planetary staff and to their celestial associates but was not visible to
   the
   men and women of the various human tribes. Upon authority of the Planetary
   Prince the entire corporeal staff undertook the production of similar
   beings,
   and all were successful, following the instructions of the pioneer Danite
   pair. Thus did the Prince's staff eventually bring into being the original
   corps of
   50,000 primary midwayers.
   These mid-type creatures were of great service in carrying on the affairs of
   the world's headquarters. They were invisible to human beings, but the
   primitive sojourners at Dalamatia were taught about these unseen
   semispirits,
   and for ages they constituted the sum total of the spirit world to these
   evolving mortals.
   3.
   The Caligastia one hundred were personally immortal, or undying. There
   circulated through their material forms the antidotal complements of
   the life currents of the system; and had they not lost contact with the life
   circuits through rebellion, they would have lived on indefinitely until the
   arrival of a subsequent Son of God, or until their sometime later release to
   resume the interrupted journey to Havona and Paradise.
   These antidotal complements of the Satania life currents were derived
   from the fruit of the tree of life, a shrub of Edentia which was sent to
   Urantia by the Most Highs of Norlatiadek at the time of Caligastia's
   arrival.
   In the days of Dalamatia this tree grew in the central courtyard of the
   temple of the unseen Father, and it was the fruit of the tree of life that
   enabled the material and otherwise mortal beings of the Prince's staff to
   live on indefinitely as long as they had access to it.
   While of no value to the evolutionary races, this supersustenance was quite
   sufficient to confer continuous life upon the Caligastia one hundred and
   also


20110404-Lucifer. Part 2.-512.html[12/03/2022 10:26:02]
Lucifer. Part 2.

   upon the one hundred modified Andonites who were associated with them.
   It should be explained in this connection that, at the time the one hundred
   Andonites contributed their human germ plasm to the members of the
   Prince's staff, the Life Carriers introduced into their mortal bodies the
   complement of the system circuits; and thus were they enabled to live on
   concurrently with the staff, century after century, in defiance of physical
   death.
   Eventually the one hundred Andonites were made aware of their contribution
   to the new forms of their superiors, and these same one hundred children of
   the Andon tribes were kept at headquarters as the personal attendants of the
   Prince's corporeal staff.
   Part 2.
   John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20110404-Lucifer. Part 2.-512.html[12/03/2022 10:26:02]
