{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T15:44:07Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30773, "source_ctime_ns": 1790733427807234610, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111122-Why-Are-The-Space-People-Here_-984.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790733427787234843, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111122-Why-Are-The-Space-People-Here_-984.pdf", "source_sha256": "31d0ff3ac13d3a19b6c7b9011d286490e632bd70058a85b4a545736e830e03cc"}

Why Are The Space People Here?


  Subject: Why Are The Space People Here?
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 22/11/2011, 06:33
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Why Are The Space People Here?                               Nov. 21,
  2011.
    Many people wonder why so many alien space people are interested
  in this Earth. This information attempts to answer that question.
  .................................................................
  .................................................................
  Very Important Message - Please Read and Share.
  Jan-s
  Why is DISCLOSURE Occurring?
            Oct. 10, 2011
  Steve B-ckow writes
  The arrival of our galactic brethren in millions of cloaked spacecraft
  around Earth has both a short-term and a long-term explanation. The
  short-term explanation goes back to the Second World W-r, when
  we exploded the first atomic bomb on Earth. This explosion
  apparently caused d-ath and destruction in other dimensions of
  space and brought extraterrestrials here to persuade Earth's
  g-vernments to stop using these we-pons.
  In this they were unsuccessful, following which the galactics
  neutralized all n-clear wea-ons on the planet. Although
  gov-rnments like the A-ericans and Israelis have been
  threatening to bo-b countries like Iran of late, in fact no nuc-ear
  bo-bs have been capable of being detonated for aggressive
  purposes since decades ago, as whistleblowers like retired
  captains Robert S-las and Bruce F-nstermacher have been
  reporting for years.
  The long-term reasons why the galactics are here are connected
  with the D-vine Plan for this era. While it may seem difficult to
  believe, the era that Hindus call the Kali Yuga is ending and
  the era they call the Sat Yuga or Golden A-e is beginning.
  Westerners are more familiar with the shift from the Piscean
  to the Aquarian Ag-, which is another way of talking about the
  same events. The Mayans also agree that the calendar they've
  been custodians of for many centuries shows a cycle of many
  thousands of years ending in 2011/2012. The close of this era
  will see a global transformation occur on or before Dec. 21,
  2012. The galactics are here to see that the global e-ite that
  has held Earth's population in its grip for many centuries
  releases that hold and that the planet's inhabitants are
  prepared for that culmination.
  For decades now it has been known that the time between now
  and Winter Solstice, 2012 will see freedom and abundance
  restored to Earth's inhabitants, the planet cleared of all
  pollution including radioactivity, and humanity prepared for
  the expected global shift or transformation. One might ask
  how information about the galactics is known.
  The galactics first communicated broadly with Earth's population
  on Nov. 27, 1977, when the Ashtar Command interrupted the
  evening news on Britain's Southern ITV (which covered
  London, the South, and South East), to make a broadcast
  lasting 5 minutes, superimposed over the voice of newsreader
  Ivor Mills. Part of that message was as follows:
  We come to warn you of the destiny of your r-ce and your world
  so that you may communicate to your fellow beings the course
  you must take to avoid the disaster which threatens your world,
  and the beings on other worlds around you. This is in order
  that you may share in the great awakening, as the planet
  passes into the New -ge of Aquarius. The New A-e can be a
  time of great peace and e-olution for your ra-e, but only if your


20111122-Why Are The Space People Here_-984.html[12/03/2022 10:29:49]
Why Are The Space People Here?

  rulers are made aware of the e-il forces that can overshadow
  their judgments.
  (1)
  Since that broadcast, the galactics have used methods that s-irit
  inhabitants of the afterlife also use to communicate: t-lepathic
  or other related means of communicating through a m-dium or
  ch-nnel. Many representatives of the Galactic Federation of
  Light, in particular, send messages often several times a week
  through the I-ternet, keeping those interested apprized of the
  progress of Disclosure and related events.
  (2)
  In addition, galactic beings have appeared in person to officials
  of the U-ited Nations, the m-litaries of many nations, and
  go-ernment leaders. They have stated their intentions and tried
  to persuade the leaders to cooperate to end w-r on the planet
  and begin preparations for the global transformational shift,
  the service of which is their main reason for being here. I am
  led to believe that P-esident O-ama is well apprized of these
  developments.
  How will Disclosure Occur?
  The galactics and s-iritual h-erarchy or ascended m-sters have
  arrived at many plans for Disclosure, but these have changed
  to meet changed circumstances. At one time, 36 hours of
  broadcasting were planned, introducing terrestrials to all
  elements of the galactics culture, technology, and mission. But,
  when those plans failed because of resistance from the global
  el-te, the galactics were obliged to modify them. At present, the
  latest form Disclosure may take appears to be an announcement
  from global leaders, followed by a decloaking a short time
  later, and then initial landings and introductions afterwards.
  Because the global eli-e has responded to the nearness of
  Disclosure by causing earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, tsunamis,
  floods, and wildfires, the Galactic Federation has become more
  and more reticent to be overly-specific about dates or
  arrangements to prevent further harm to terrestrials not
  from them, but from the rogue-gov-rnment elements
  possessed of weather-control technology which they use
  even against their own populations. The tornadoes and
  floods afflicting the Am-rican midwest are examples of
  these elements attempting to ensure that Disclosure
  does not happen. But they can only postpone the event,
  not defeat it.
  What will Follow Disclosure? Disclosure is simply the
  bringing up of the curtain on the main events destined for
  this period. The first event will be the rounding up of the
  dark figures who have been responsible for crimes against
  humanity, w-r crimes, genocide, torture, financial
  t-eason and other acts which the mass of the population
  hardly suspect. Most of the natural disasters that have
  occurred to countries like Haiti, Chile, New Zealand,
  Australia, Japan, the Un-ted States and other countries
  have been caused by this dark ca-al. Some readers may
  be aware of them under names like the I-luminati or
  the New W-rld Order.
  Bent on reducing the world's population from 7 billion to 500
  million, that el-te has caused manmade pandemics, chemtrails,
  depleted-uranium pollution, and the release of other toxic
  substances throughout the environment. They have disrupted
  food production through the use of G-O seeds and foods and
  the causing of droughts and floods. They have engineered
  false-flag operations such as 9/11, the London, Madrid, and
  Oklahoma City bombings, which they blame on ter-orists,
  planned a nuc-ear World Wa- III, and followed other strategies
  that have resulted in thousands if not millions of intentional
  dea-hs. They whittled down constitutional rights, created
  vast surveillance networks, planned the introduction of
  martial l-w and the i-carceration of dissidents, and undermined
  the financial, legal, educational, m-dical, r-ligious and other
  institutions of nations worldwide. Their control of the mass
  m-dia ensured that very little of this leaked out to the public,
  who refuse to believe con-piracy theories in any case.


20111122-Why Are The Space People Here_-984.html[12/03/2022 10:29:49]
Why Are The Space People Here?

  However, Disclosure will end this phase of our history and
  the members of the eli-e responsible for these crimes will
  find themselves in international courts facing terrestrial judges,
  charged with their crimes in a phase of events generally
  known as Accountability. The evidence produced in court,
  we are told, will be irrefutable and the verdicts neither
  vengeful nor unfair. Apparently, galactically-supervised
  courts don't resemble their terrestrial counterparts in that
  our courts can be co-rupted whereas theirs cannot.
  At probably the same time, a planetary abundance program
  which has generally become known as N-SARA will be
  enacted. NE-ARA stands for the National Economic -ecurity
  and Reformation Act, an act of the American C-ngress
  which has been ratified but not proclaimed. By its provisions,
  debt will be erased, i-come tax will be scaled back or ended,
  prosperity will be assured every citizen, and many other steps
  taken to relieve the planet of poverty, hunger, homelessness
  and other lamentable conditions. Before that act is
  promulgated however, the dark -lite must be deprived of their
  sources of finance, which is why we see the economy around
  us inexorably crumbling. Its fall will be followed in quick time
  by the announcement of NESA-A.
  At the same time, the galactics will bestow on humanity
  technology that will permit worldwide communication, a
  r-volution in health care, ease of travel, ample production
  without labor, and other benefits at present undreamed of.
  Once the conditions of d-sease and discomfort have been
  relieved around the globe, the galactics and sp-ritual
  ma-ters will set about mentoring the population to prepare
  for the global transformation expected in 2012.
  There will be movements of the Earth's crust needed to
  relieve negativity and stress within the planet's own
  physical structure but these will be overseen by the galactics
  so that minimal inconvenience occurs for the planet's
  inhabitants.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20111122-Why Are The Space People Here_-984.html[12/03/2022 10:29:49]
