{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T11:33:23Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31210, "source_ctime_ns": 1790677186167576189, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110807-The-Whale-In-Lompoc-Calif.-60560.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790677186144093797, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110807-The-Whale-In-Lompoc-Calif.-60560.pdf", "source_sha256": "75669faea49f1942e39416d2571b5703d896736355d950332311edab8851869a"}

Ralph's House On Saturday. Part 2 of 2.


  Subject: Ralph's House On Saturday. Part 2 of 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 07/08/2011, 06:09
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Ralph's House On Saturday.                    Part 2 of 2.
  Aug. 6, 2011.
    I just got back from Ralph's meeting and everyone had a good time.
  We got to talking about coming to Earth from the Pleiades and one person
  said to all of us that he himself was from the Pleiades and he recognized
  me as being from there. I then told him that some people before had told
  me the same thing.
  ..................................................
  ..................................................
  Growth of group barter developed into commerce; and following the
  exchange of commodities came the exchange of skilled labor.
  4. The Beginnings of Trade
  Just as marriage by contract followed marriage by capture, so trade by
  barter followed seizure by raids. But a long period of piracy intervened
  between the early practices of silent barter and the later trade by modern
  exchange methods.
  The first barter was conducted by armed traders who would leave their
  goods on a neutral spot. Women held the first markets; they were the
  earliest traders, and this was because they were the burden bearers; the
  men were warriors. Very early the trading counter was developed, a wall
  wide enough to prevent the traders reaching each other with weapons.
  A fetish was used to stand guard over the deposits of goods for silent
  barter. Such market places were secure against theft; nothing would be
  removed except by barter or purchase; with a fetish on guard the goods
  were always safe. The early traders were scrupulously honest within
  their own tribes but regarded it as all right to cheat distant strangers.
  Even the early H-brews recognized a separate code of ethics in their
  dealings with the gentiles.
  For ages silent barter continued before men would meet, unarmed, on
  the s-cred market place.
  These same market squares became the first places of sanctuary and in
  some countries were later known as cities of refuge. Any fugitive
  reaching the market place was safe and secure against attack.
  The first weights were grains of wheat and other cereals. The first
  medium of exchange was a fish or a goat. Later the cow became a
  unit of barter.
  Modern writing originated in the early trade records; the first literature
  of man was a trade-promotion document, a salt advertisement. Many
  of the earlier wars were fought over natural deposits, such as flint,
  salt, and metals. The first formal tribal treaty concerned the
  intertribalizing of a salt deposit. These treaty spots afforded
  opportunity for friendly and peaceful interchange of ideas and the
  intermingling of various tribes.
  Writing progressed up through the stages of the message stick,
  knotted cords, picture writing, hieroglyphics, and wampum belts,
  to the early symbolic alphabets.
  Message sending ev-lved from the primitive smoke signal up through
  runners, animal riders, railroads, and airplanes, as well as telegraph,
  telephone, and wireless communication.
  New ideas and better methods were carried around the inhabited
  world by the ancient traders.
  Commerce, linked with adventure, led to exploration and discovery.
  And all of these gave birth to transportation. Commerce has been the
  great civilizer through promoting the cross-fertilization of culture.
  5. The Beginnings of Capital
  Capital is labor applied as a renunciation of the present in favor of
  the future. Savings represent a form of maintenance and survival
  insurance. Food hoarding developed self-control and created the
  first problems of capital and labor. The man who had food, provided


20110807-The Whale In Lompoc, Calif.-60560.html[12/03/2022 10:29:06]
Ralph's House On Saturday. Part 2 of 2.

  he could protect it from robbers, had a distinct advantage over the
  man who had no food.
  The early banker was the valorous man of the tribe. He held the group
  treasures on deposit, while the entire clan would defend his hut in
  event of attack. Thus the accumulation of individual capital and group
  wealth immediately led to mi-itary organization.
  At first such precautions were designed to defend property against foreign
  raiders, but later on it became the custom to keep the mil-tary organization
  in practice by inaugurating ra-ds on the property and wealth of neighboring
  tribes.
  The basic urges which led to the accumulation of capital were:
  1. Hunger associated with foresight. Food saving and preservation meant
  power and comfort for those who possessed sufficient foresight thus to
  provide for future needs. Food storage was adequate insurance against
  famine and disaster. And the entire body of primitive mores was really
  designed to help man subordinate the present to the future.
  2. Love of family desire to provide for their wants. Capital represents the
  saving of property in spite of the pressure of the wants of today in order
  to
  insure against the demands of the future. A part of this future need may
  have to do with one's posterity.
  3. Vanity longing to display one's property accumulations. Extra clothing
  was one of the first badges of distinction. Collection vanity early appealed
  to the pride of man.
  4. Position eagerness to buy social and poli-ical prestige. There early
  sprang
  up a commercialized nobility, admission to which depended on the
  performance of some special service to royalty or was granted frankly for
  the payment of m-ney.
  5. Power the craving to be master. Treasure lending was carried on as a
  means
  of enslavement, one hundred per cent a year being the loan rate of these
  ancient times. The moneylenders made themselves kings by creating a
  standing a-my of debtors. Bond servants were among the earliest form of
  property to be accumulated, and in olden days debt slavery extended even
  to the control of the body after de-th.
  6. Fear of the g-osts of the d-ad priest fees for protection. Men early
  began
  to give dea-h presents to the priests with a view to having their property
  used to facilitate their progress through the next life. The priesthoods
  thus
  became very rich; they were chief among ancient capitalists.
  7. S-x urge the desire to buy one or more wives. Man's first form of trading
  was woman exchange; it long preceded horse trading. But never did the
  barter in se- s-aves advance society; such traffic was and is a ra-ial
  disgrace, for at one and the same time it hindered the development of
  family life and polluted the biologic fitness of superior peoples.
  8. Numerous forms of self-gratification. Some sought wealth because it
  conferred power; others toiled for property because it meant ease. Early
  man (and some later-day ones) tended to squander his resources on luxury.
  Intoxicants and d-ugs intrigued the primitive rac-s.
  As civilization developed, men acquired new incentives for saving;
  new wants were rapidly added to the original food hunger. Poverty
  became so abhorred that only the rich were supposed to go direct to
  heaven when they died. Property became so highly valued that to
  give a pretentious feast would wipe a dishonor from one's name.
  Accumulations of wealth early became the badge of social distinction.
  Individuals in certain tribes would accumulate property for years just
  to create an impression by burning it up on some holiday or by freely
  distributing it to fellow tribesmen.
  This made them great men. Even modern peoples revel in the lavish
  distribution of Ch-istmas gifts, while rich men endow great institutions
  of philanthropy and learning. Man's technique varies, but his disposition
  remains quite unchanged.
  But it is only fair to record that many an ancient rich man distributed
  much of his fortune because of the fear of being k-lled by those who
  coveted his treasures.
  Wealthy men commonly sacrificed scores of sla-es to show disdain for
  wealth.


20110807-The Whale In Lompoc, Calif.-60560.html[12/03/2022 10:29:06]
Ralph's House On Saturday. Part 2 of 2.


  Though capital has tended to liberate man, it has greatly complicated
  his social and industrial organization. The abuse of capital by unfair
  capitalists does not destroy the fact that it is the basis of modern
  industrial society. Through capital and invention the present generation
  enjoys a higher degree of freedom than any that ever preceded it on
  earth. This is placed on record as a fact and not in justification of the
  many misuses of capital by thoughtless and selfish custodians.
  6. Fire in Relation to Civilization
  Primitive society with its four divisions industrial, regulative, rel-gious,
  and mi-itary rose through the instrumentality of fire, animals, sla-es,
  and property.
  Fire building, by a single bound, forever separated man from animal; it
  is the basic human invention, or discovery. Fire enabled man to stay
  on the ground at night as all animals are afraid of it. Fire encouraged
  eventide social intercourse; it not only protected against cold and
  wild beasts but was also employed as se-urity against gh-sts. It was
  at first used more for light than heat; many backward tribes refuse to
  sleep unless a flame burns all night.
  Fire was a great civilizer, providing man with his first means of being
  altruistic without loss by enabling him to give live coals to a neighbor
  without depriving himself. The household fire, which was attended by
  the mother or eldest daughter, was the first educator, requiring
  watchfulness and dependability. The early home was not a building
  but the family gathered about the fire, the family hearth.
  When a son founded a new home, he carried a firebrand from the
  family hearth.
  Though Andon, the discoverer of fire, avoided treating it as an object
  of wo-ship, many of his descendants regarded the flame as a fetish or
  as a sp-rit. They failed to reap the sanitary benefits of fire because
  they would not burn refuse.
  Part 2 of 2.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110807-The Whale In Lompoc, Calif.-60560.html[12/03/2022 10:29:06]
