{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T14:13:24Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31449, "source_ctime_ns": 1790699580911478828, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111121-DK-s-Experiences-Of-Being-Controlled.-Part-4.-982-2048fe6f82.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790699580775953470, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111121-DK-s-Experiences-Of-Being-Controlled.-Part-4.-982-2048fe6f82.pdf", "source_sha256": "8a604119ba0ecf2e855461b71051f88b5280bdad1cebf440667749e363ed3d15"}

DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 4.


  Subject: DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 4.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 21/11/2011, 16:11
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled.                           Part 4.     Nov. 21, 2011.
    Here he comes in contact with a person who acturally believe that
  he was doing the right thing in torturing DK.
  .......................................................
  .......................................................
                                         I gather they thought that the
  lightning
  could be used as a plausible explanation of what had initiated the
  psychotic breakdown, that they were arranging to simulate by
  using the brain implant. They then incessantly tortured me for three
  days. All along I was c-rsing them, and sincerely wished that they
  would suffer forever in the eternal fire. I dont think I have ever felt
  such a strong wish at any time. (I no longer feel that way about it.)
  During those days they ought to have understood, that I knew
  about the mind-control device, but I never stated it clearly and
  you never know with people. On the third day, I came to the decision
  that I would hang myself in one of the trees, if they hadn't stopped
  the torture, before the evening of the fourth day. Since there were
  no signs of much improvement, I made preparations, found a rope
  and tried to focus on the practical aspects of the hanging, of what
  could go wrong. I didn't wan't to survive with some severe brain
  damage or a broken neck or something. I thought that that particular
  forest wasn't a very inspiring place to die in, but I was really
  determined to get away from the deep humiliation, that they were
  forcing on me. A doctor was called by somebody and that doctor
  calmly tried to convince me not to ki-l myself. I never gave any
  explanation of why I had that intention, since I had never told
  anybody about the mind-control horror I was enduring. I felt sorry
  for the doctor. She had travelled a long way and I thought one
  should reward people for showing empathy like that. In any case,
  I accepted, to once more be sent to a mental hospital. At the
  hospital, there were some friendly people, who told me they had
  many fine medicines, that would be suitable. But this time there
  were no threats. I also had made a decision not to say anything
  about the reason for being there. I told them, they wouldn't beleive
  me, and that I would be worse off if I told them. The torture did
  not stop at the mental hospital although the mind controllers,
  decreased the total amount of torture.
  Not surprisingly, I had been placed in a room, where my room mate
  suffered from cyclic psychosis. The mind controllers regularly
  tortured and humiliated me in my room. Both on other previous
  occasions, and in the hospital, they subjected me to manipulations
  where the brain implant was used in a very sophisticated manner.
  To begin with, it was used to create sounds inside my head, that
  made it appear as if somebody was constantly manoeuvering the
  water tubes above my head. On the same time they were affecting
  those parts of the brain, through the implant, that affect the
  senses for heat and cold, making it appear as if they were really
  changing the temperature of the water in a chaotic manner.
  Everybody knows how watertaps can sometimes behave in very
  annoying ways, without any need for any deliberate sabotage,
  but here it wasn't any natural cause, and it was a deliberate
  harassment, intended to make my conditions unpleasant and to
  provide the symptoms of insanity that they were so eagerly
  striving for. Note that I had been prepared by actually being
  surveyed by people walking above my head for periods of
  several months or more, so it wouldn't have seemed out of
  the question, that somebody might actually be standing
  somewhere in some service shaft and adjusting the waterflow
  or the cold / warm water ratio. It isn't easy to tell exactly
  when a sound is a real one and when it's just inside your head.
  But there is a way that probably is quite reliable. If the real
  sound has very low dynamical content, that is the strongest
  and the weakest parts don't differ too much, then it's harder
  to tell the difference, but in most cases, genuine sounds,
  caused by some physical act, are usually accompanied by fairly
  strong impulses of various kinds that cause waves to travel


20111121-DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 4.-982.html[12/03/2022 10:29:48]
DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 4.

  several different ways and not only to the ear through the air,
  but also to the head through the legs from the ground, a
  seismic wave if you like. You get a more 3-dimensional feeling
  in a manner of speaking. The sounds they have produced sofar,
  with the implant, can be characterised by lacking in that kind of
  content. The reason is probably that they can't afford to use a
  high dynamic range in the electronic equipment that they use,
  since that would lead to an audible noise level, significative for
  electronic equipment. But this technology is rapidly developing,
  and they will undoubtedly continue to perfect the illusion.
  During the torture session, which preceeded this second
  encounter with the mental health care, among other things
  they used the brain implant to simulate that the water to the
  shower in the place where I stayed would be contaminated,
  smelling unpleasantly. There wasn't anything wrong with the
  water, but the illusion was quite good and it took a little while
  before I realized, that the sense of smell, can be just as easily
  manipulated through the brain implant as any of the other
  senses.
  I am fully aware of the fact that there are some forms of brain
  damage or sickness, that sometimes can produce similar
  effects. This awareness also, made me keep all these
  observations to myself. If you constantly feed the controllers
  with information about your current impressions, you make it
  possible for them to be more successful in their deception
  and manipulation, but when you tell them nothing and you let
  the years go by, they have much fewer options and they have to be
  extremely cautious and planning to foresee everything. They are to
  some extent, but the task is too formidable. The Machiawellian
  mind needs a little input to thrive. So the best is not to give him
  any. This kind of counter measure only works as long as they want
  to study you 'live'.
  Otherwise it is possible to deprive a person of the control of the mind
  to any degree.
  During the prolonged torture session, there were some incidents where
  they experimented with me in such a way that I could estimate the
  resolution that the electronic device had on my skin. It seemed to be
  very high and I knew that this meant that there must be a large number
  of independent connection points between the implant and the brain.
  Later I have learnt that modern brain implants exist, which establish
  such contact by somehow stimulating the neurons to grow, or move
  microscopically, so that they become partially encapsulated in small
  cavities in the electronic device.
  I was wondering, whether the implant can be used to read a persons
  handwriting, by monitoring the signals in the brain caused by the
  motions of the hand. I don't think so, but that may be coming. All along
  I did have a very distinct impression that the mind controllers were
  arranging a well thought-out combination of symptoms, that would fit
  into some psychiatrists clinical experience, in order to turn the
  truthful recount of my experiences into a we-pon in the hands of the
  state perpetrators. I wonder how much of the clinical experience of
  present day psychiatry, which, unknowingly, derives from the study of
  such human guinea pigs.
  Note added later:
  Later, I read somewhere, that students of psychiatry are sometimes given
  examples of paranoid schizofrenia, which seem to be aimed at preparing
  unknowing psychiatrists for the situations typical when people are
  subject to state t-rror of the kind under discussion, so that the
  victims allegations and description of symptoms will, falsely, appear to
  be a common occurrence among genuine cases of schizofrenia.
  ----------------
  This paragraph is written after the rest of the text, as an afterthought
  and inserted where it belongs chronologically, but I didn't remember
  this until after everything else was written.
  As I am writing this, I suddenly also remember being talked to, at the
  time of the peak of the torture period, by more than a single person,
  but there was one that stood out. Somebody who seemed confident
  (selfassured) and enthusiastic about what he was doing. I also had the
  impression that this person had some sort of psychiatric background or
  at least was familiar with psychiatry. This may have lasted for less
  than an hour or at the most a few hours. This person seemed to think
  that, whatever it was that they intended to do or for whatever purpose,
  he was in his full right of doing it. I was going do get a lesson and he
  would be the teacher or the pilot or whatever. He didn't sound cruel. He


20111121-DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 4.-982.html[12/03/2022 10:29:48]
DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 4.

  just seemed to be very confident that he was doing the right thing. This
  would seem to fit better with a different explanation from that I gave
  earlier, namely that the intention would be some kind of shock therapy
  as a part of a long-term experiment. The fact that I was allowed to hear
  several voices may have been a way of telling me that there were several
  people behind the decision to treat me thus. Maybe those guys really
  feared that they would end up in the ethernal fire and that they needed
  to strengthen their morale by showing me that they were at ease and that
  they were sure that they weren't doing anything bad. It was only I, stupid
  kid that I am, not to understand their great wisdom.
  Part 4.
  Johnfw@mlode.com                 johnfw@mlode.com


20111121-DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 4.-982.html[12/03/2022 10:29:48]
