{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T09:08:24Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31028, "source_ctime_ns": 1790780781027219477, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110406-Lucifer.-Part-4.-517.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790780781025825601, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110406-Lucifer.-Part-4.-517.pdf", "source_sha256": "3b9268cec83816199cc53428471e3c9949b2d7d72a819435fb3f0b403b03232c"}

Lucifer. Part 4.


   Subject: Lucifer. Part 4.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 06/04/2011, 06:48
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Lucifer.           Part 4.
   April 5, 2011.
      This shows how the early people on Earth were taught.
   ............................................
   ............................................
   These guardians of health also sought to introduce handshaking in
   substitution for saliva exchange or b-ood drinking as a seal of personal
   friendship and as a token of group loyalty. But when out from under the
   compelling pressure of the teachings of their superior leaders, these
   primitive peoples were not slow in reverting to their former
   health-destroying and d-sease-breeding practices of ignorance and
   superstition.
   The planetary council on art and science.
   This corps did much to improve the industrial technique of early man
   and to elevate his concepts of beauty. Their leader was Mek.
   Art and science were at a low ebb throughout the world, but the
   rudiments of physics and chemistry were taught the Dalamatians.
   Pottery was advanced, decorative arts were all improved, and the
   ideals of human beauty were greatly enhanced. But music made little
   progress until after the arrival of the violet r-ce.
   These primitive men would not consent to experiment with steam power,
   notwithstanding the repeated urgings of their teachers; never could
   they overcome their great fear of the explosive power of confined steam.
   They were, however, finally persuaded to work with metals and fire,
   although a piece of red-hot metal was a terrorizing object to early man.
   Mek did a great deal to advance the culture of the Andonites and to
   improve the art of the blue man. A blend of the blue man with the Andon
   stock produced an artistically gifted type, and many of them became
   master sculptors.
   They did not work in stone or marble, but their works of clay, hardened by
   baking, adorned the gardens of Dalamatia.
   Great progress was made in the home arts, most of which were lost in
   the long and dark ages of r-bellion, never to be rediscovered until modern
   times.
   The governors of advanced tribal relations.
   This was the group intrusted with the work of bringing human society
   up to the level of statehood. Their chief was Tut.
   These leaders contributed much to bringing about intertribal
   marriages. They fostered courtship and marriage after due deliberation
   and full opportunity to become acquainted. The purely military w-r
   dances were refined and made to serve valuable social ends. Many
   competitive games were introduced, but these ancient folk were a
   serious people; little humor graced these early tribes.
   Few of these practices survived the subsequent disintegration of
   planetary insurrection.
   Tut and his associates labored to promote group associations of a
   peaceful nature, to regulate and humanize wa-fare, to co-ordinate
   intertribal relations, and to improve tribal go-ernments. In the vicinity
   of Dalamatia there developed a more advanced culture, and these
   improved social relations were very helpful in influencing more remote
   tribes. But the pattern of civilization prevailing at the Prince's
   headquarters was quite different from the barbaric society evo-ving
   elsewhere, just as the twentieth-century society of Capetown,
   South Africa, is totally unlike the crude culture of the diminutive
   Bushmen to the north.
   The supreme court of tribal co-ordination and r-cial co-operation.
   This supreme council was directed by Van and was the court of appeals
   for all of the other nine special commissions charged with the supervision
   of human affairs. This council was one of wide function, being intrusted
   with all matters of earthly concern which were not specifically asigned


20110406-Lucifer. Part 4.-517.html[12/03/2022 10:26:04]
Lucifer. Part 4.

   to the other groups. This selected corps had been approved by the
   Constellation Fathers of Edentia before they were authorized to assume
   the functions of the supreme court of Urantia.
   The Prince's Reign
   The degree of a world's culture is measured by the social heritage of its
   native beings, and the rate of cultural expansion is wholly determined
   by the ability of its inhabitants to comprehend new and advanced ideas.
   Slavery to tradition produces stability and co-operation by sentimentally
   linking the past with the present, but it likewise stifles initiative and
   enslaves the creative powers of the personality. The whole world was
   caught in the stalemate of tradition-bound mores when the Caligastia
   one hundred arrived and began the proclamation of the new g-spel of
   individual initiative within the social groups of that day. But this
   beneficent rule was so soon interrupted that the ra-es never have been
   wholly liberated from the slavery of custom; fashion still unduly
   dominates Urantia.
   The Caligastia one hundred graduates of the Satania mansion worlds
   well knew the arts and culture of Jerusem, but such knowledge is nearly
   valueless on a barbaric planet populated by primitive humans. These
   wise beings knew better than to undertake the sudden transformation,
   or the en masse uplifting, of the primitive -aces of that day. They well
   understood the slow evol-tion of the human species, and they wisely
   refrained from any radical attempts at modifying man's mode of life on
   earth.
   Each of the ten planetary commissions set about slowly and naturally to
   advance the interests intrusted to them. Their plan consisted in attracting
   the best minds of the surrounding tribes and, after training them, sending
   them back to their people as emissaries of social uplift.
   Foreign emissaries were never sent to a r-ce except upon the specific
   request of that people. Those who labored for the uplift and advancement
   of a given tribe or ra-e were always natives of that tribe or rac-. The one
   hundred would not attempt to impose the habits and mores of even a
   superior -ace upon another tribe. Always they patiently worked to uplift
   and advance the time-tried mores of each r-ce. The simple folk of Urantia
   brought their social customs to Dalamatia, not to exchange them for new
   and better practices, but to have them uplifted by contact with a higher
   culture and by association with superior minds. The process was slow but
   very effectual.
   The Dalamatia teachers sought to add conscious social selection to the
   purely natural selection of biologic ev-lution. They did not derange human
   society, but they did markedly accelerate its normal and natural evolu-ion.
   Their motive was progression by evoluti-n and not revol-tion by rev-lation.
   The human ra-e had spent ages in acquiring the little reli-ion and morals
   it had, and these supermen knew better than to rob mankind of these few
   advances by the confusion and dismay which always result when
   enlightened and superior beings undertake to uplift the backward
   rac-s by overteaching and overenlightenment.
   When C-ristian missionaries go into the heart of Africa, where sons
   and daughters are supposed to remain under the control and direction
   of their parents throughout the lifetime of the parents, they only bring
   about confusion and the breakdown of all authority when they seek, in
   a single generation, to supplant this practice by teaching that these
   children should be free from all parental restraint after they have attained
   the age of twenty-one.
   7. Life in Dalamatia
   The Prince's headquarters, though exquisitely beautiful and designed
   to awe the primitive men of that age, was altogether modest. The buildings
   were not especially large as it was the motive of these imported teachers to
   encourage the eventual development of agriculture through the introduction
   of
   animal husbandry. The land provision within the city walls was sufficient to
   provide for pasturage and gardening for the support of a population of about
   twenty thousand.
   The interiors of the central temple of worship and the ten council mansions
   of the supervising groups of supermen were indeed beautiful works of art.
   And
   while the residential buildings were models of neatness and cleanliness,
   everything was very simple and altogether primitive in comparison with
   later-day developments.


20110406-Lucifer. Part 4.-517.html[12/03/2022 10:26:04]
Lucifer. Part 4.

   At this headquarters of culture no methods were employed which did not
   naturally belong on Urantia.
   The Prince's corporeal staff presided over simple and exemplary abodes
   which they maintained as homes designed to inspire and favorably impress the
   student observers sojourning at the world's social center and educational
   headquarters.
   The definite order of family life and the living of one family together in
   one
   residence of comparatively settled location date from these times of
   Dalamatia and were chiefly due to the example and teachings of the one
   hundred and their pupils. The home as a social unit never became a success
   until the supermen and superwomen of Dalamatia led mankind to love and
   plan for their grandchildren and their grandchildren's children. Savage man
   loves his child, but civilized man loves also his grandchild.
   The Prince's staff lived together as fathers and mothers. True, they
   had no children of their own, but the fifty pattern homes of Dalamatia never
   sheltered less than five hundred adopted little ones assembled from the
   superior families of the Andonic and Sangik ra-es; many of these children
   were orphans. They were favored with the discipline and training of these
   superparents; and then, after three years in the schools of the Prince (they
   entered from thirteen to fifteen), they were eligible for marriage and ready
   to receive their commissions as emissaries of the Prince to the needy tribes
   of their respective rac-s.
   Fad sponsored the Dalamatia plan of teaching that was carried out as an
   industrial school in which the pupils learned by doing, and through which
   they
   worked their way by the daily performance of useful tasks.
   Part 4.
   John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110406-Lucifer. Part 4.-517.html[12/03/2022 10:26:04]
