{"created_utc": "2026-10-07T14:29:00Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30914, "source_ctime_ns": 1790714195501022116, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110428-The-Lucifer-Rebellion.-Part-2.-566-2b5b848553.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790714195491673405, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110428-The-Lucifer-Rebellion.-Part-2.-566-2b5b848553.pdf", "source_sha256": "774f4a4adc24a0a0779fc4aaabc6c497dc11ae7f5177a0fd78a598c70b74d7e9"}

The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 2.


   Subject: The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 28/04/2011, 19:52
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: The Lucifer Rebellion.                   Part 2.
   April 28, 2011.
      This talks about when the "Sons Of G-d Saw The Daughters          Of Men-----."
   ......................................................
   ......................................................
   ppg (756.4) 67:3.3
   The traitorous Prince marshaled the disloyal midway creatures and other
   groups of rebel personalities and organized them to execute his bidding,
   while Van assembled the loyal midwayers and other faithful groups and
   began the great battle for the s-lvation of the planetary staff and other
   marooned celestial personalities.
   During the times of this struggle the loyalists dwelt in an unwalled and
   poorly protected settlement a few miles to the east of Dalamatia, but their
   dwellings were guarded day and night by the alert and ever-watchful loyal
   midway creatures, and they had possession of the priceless tree of life.
   Upon the outbreak of rebellion, loyal cherubim and seraphim, with the aid of
   three faithful midwayers, assumed the custody of the tree of life and
   permitted only the forty loyalists of the staff and their associated
   modified
   mortals to partake of the fruit and leaves of this energy plant. There were
   fifty-six of these modified Andonite associates of the staff, sixteen of the
   Andonite attendants of the disloyal staff refusing to go into rebellion with
   their masters.
   Throughout the seven crucial years of the Caligastia rebellion, Van was
   wholly devoted to the work of ministry to his loyal army of men, midwayers,
   and a-gels.
   The s-iritual insight and moral steadfastness which enabled Van to maintain
   such an unshakable attitude of loyalty to the universe g-vernment was the
   product of clear thinking, wise reasoning, logical judgment, sincere
   motivation,
   unselfish purpose, intelligent loyalty, experiential memory, disciplined
   character, and the unquestioning dedication of his personality to the
   doing of the will of the Father in P-radise.
   This seven years of waiting was a time of heart searching and s-ul
   discipline. Such crises in the affairs of a universe demonstrate the
   tremendous influence of mind as a factor in spir-tual choosing.
   Education, training, and experience are factors in most of the vital
   decisions of all ev-lutionary moral creatures. But it is entirely
   possible for the indwelling sp-rit to make direct contact with the
   decision-determining powers of the human personality so as to
   empower the fully consecrated will of the creature to perform
   amazing acts of loyal devotion to the will and the way of the Father
   in Par-dise. And this is just what occurred in the experience of
   Amadon, the modified human associate of Van.
   Amadon is the outstanding human hero of the Lucifer rebellion.
   This male descendant of Andon and Fonta was one of the one
   hundred who contributed life plasm to the Prince's staff, and
   ever since that event he had been attached to Van as his
   associate and human assistant. Amadon elected to stand with his
   chief throughout the long and trying struggle. And it was an
   inspiring sight to behold this child of the evol-tionary r-ces
   standing unmoved by the sophistries of Daligastia while throughout
   the seven-year struggle he and his loyal associates resisted
   with unyielding fortitude all of the deceptive teachings of the
   brilliant Caligastia.
   Caligastia, with a maximum of intelligence and a vast experience in
   universe affairs, went astray embraced s-n. Amadon, with a minimum of
   intelligence and utterly devoid of universe experience, remained
   steadfast in the service of the universe and in loyalty to his associate.
   Van utilized both mind and sp-rit in a magnificent and effective
   combination of intellectual determination and spi-itual insight, thereby
   achieving an experiential level of personality realization of the highest
   attainable order. Mind and spir-t, when fully united, are potential for
   the creation of superhuman values, even morontia realities.
   There is no end to the recital of the stirring events of these tragic days.
   But at last the final decision of the last personality was made, and then,
   but only then, did a Most High of Edentia arrive with the emergency
   Melchizedeks to seize authority on Urantia. The Caligastia panoramic


20110428-The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 2.-566.html[12/03/2022 10:26:13]
The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 2.

   reign-records on Jerusem were obliterated, and the probationary era
   of planetary rehabilitation was inaugurated.
   4. The Caligastia One Hundred after Rebellion
   When the final roll was called, the corporeal members of the Prince's
   staff were found to have aligned themselves as follows: Van and his
   entire court of co-ordination had remained loyal. Ang and three members
   of the food council had survived. The board of animal husbandry were
   all swept into rebellion as were all of the animal-conquest advisers.
   Fad and five members of the educational faculty were saved. Nod and
   all of the commission on industry and trade joined Caligastia.
   Hap and the entire college of revealed r-ligion remained loyal with Van
   and his noble band. Lut and the whole board of health were lost. The
   council of art and science remained loyal in its entirety, but Tut and the
   commission on tribal go-ernment all went astray. Thus were forty out
   of the one hundred saved, later to be transferred to Jerusem, where
   they resumed their Paradise journey.
   The sixty members of the planetary staff who went into rebellion chose
   Nod as their leader. They worked wholeheartedly for the rebel Prince
   but soon discovered that they were deprived of the sustenance of the
   system life circuits. They awakened to the fact that they had been
   degraded to the status of mortal beings.
   They were indeed superhuman but, at the same time, material and mortal.
   In an effort to increase their numbers, Daligastia ordered immediate
   resort to s-xual reproduction, knowing full well that the original sixty and
   their forty-four modified Andonite associates were doomed to suffer
   extinction by d-ath, sooner or later. After the fall of Dalamatia the
   disloyal
   staff migrated to the north and the east. Their descendants were long
   known as the Nodites, and their dwelling place as the land of Nod.
   The presence of these extraordinary supermen and superwomen, stranded
   by rebellion and presently mating with the sons and daughters of earth,
   easily gave origin to those traditional stories of the go-s coming down
   to mate with mortals.
   And thus originated the thousand and one legends of a mythical nature, but
   founded on the facts of the postrebellion days, which later found a place
   in the folk tales and traditions of the various peoples whose ancestors
   had participated in these contacts with the Nodites and their descendants.
   The staff rebels, deprived of spiri-ual sustenance, eventually di-d a
   natural
   dea-h.
   And much of the subsequent idolatry of the human races grew out of the
   desire to perpetuate the memory of these highly honored beings of the days
   of Caligastia.
   When the staff of one hundred came to Urantia, they were temporarily
   detached from their Thought Adjusters. Immediately upon the arrival of
   the Melchizedek receivers the loyal personalities (except Van) were
   returned to Jerusem and were reunited with their waiting Adjusters. We
   know not the fate of the sixty staff rebels; their Adjusters still tarry on
   Jerusem. Matters will undoubtedly rest as they now are until the entire
   Lucifer rebellion is finally adjudicated and the fate of all participants
   decreed.
   It was very difficult for such beings as angels and midwayers to conceive of
   brilliant and trusted rulers like Caligastia and Daligastia going astray
   committing traitorous s-n. Those beings who fell into si- they did not
   deliberately or premeditatedly enter upon rebellion were misled by their
   superiors, deceived by their trusted leaders. It was likewise easy to win
   the support of the primitive-minded evo-utionary mortals.
   The vast majority of all human and superhuman beings who were victims
   of the Lucifer rebellion on Jerusem and the various misled planets have
   long since heartily repented of their folly; and we truly believe that all
   such sincere penitents will in some manner be rehabilitated and restored
   to some phase of universe service when the Ancients of Days finally
   complete the adjudication of the affairs of the Satania rebellion, which
   they have so recently begun.
   5. Immediate Results of Rebellion
   Great confusion reigned in Dalamatia and thereabout for almost fifty years
   after the instigation of rebellion. The complete and radical reorganization
   of the whole world was attempted; rev-lution displaced evol-tion as the
   policy of cultural advancement and ra-ial improvement. Among the
   superior and partially trained sojourners in and near Dalamatia there
   appeared a sudden advancement in cultural status, but when these new
   and radical methods were attempted on the outlying peoples, indescribable
   confusion and racial pandemonium was the result. Liberty was quickly
   translated into license by the half-evo-ved primitive men of those days.
   Very soon after the rebellion the entire staff of sedition were engaged in
   energetic defense of the city against the hordes of semisavages who
   besieged its walls as a result of the doctrines of liberty which had been
   prematurely taught them. And years before the beautiful headquarters
   went down beneath the southern waves, the misled and mistaught tribes


20110428-The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 2.-566.html[12/03/2022 10:26:13]
The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 2.

   of the Dalamatia hinterland had already swept down in semisavage
   assault on the splendid city, driving the secession staff and their
   associates northward.
   Part 2.
   John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110428-The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 2.-566.html[12/03/2022 10:26:13]
