{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T03:05:28Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30926, "source_ctime_ns": 1790745361012498829, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111015-Trouble-In-Iran.-920-41959cd41b.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790745361009592955, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111015-Trouble-In-Iran.-920-41959cd41b.pdf", "source_sha256": "5b3889749f2778be81a1a5b8b70f6fc0c20d0cef0aeac5ac4e710eb09a3ef2dd"}

Trouble In Iran.


   Subject: Trouble In Iran.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 15/10/2011, 06:47
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Trouble In Iran.
   Oct. 14, 2011.
      Here is some information that was sent to me about Iran.
   ...............................................................
   ...............................................................
   Sent: 10/13/2011
   Subj: ++++ URGENT P-AYER
   NEEDED ++++ IRANIAN PASTOR FACES EXECUTION ++++
   Iranian Pastor Yousef Nadarkhani faces execution at any moment for
   refusing to renounce his faith in C-rist.
   This Pr-yer Chain is calling ALL Ch-istians and believers of r-ligious
   freedom
   and human rights into action NOW on behalf of this Iranian pastor, who faces
   execution!
   Pastor Youcef Nadarkhani never practiced the Muslim faith and converted
   to Ch-istianity at age 19, becoming a pastor later. But the courts say that
   since his mother and father were practicing Muslims, he must recant his
   Ch-istian faith or d-e. So far, in three court appearances, he has refused
   to
   do so - RISKING EXECUTION AT ANY MOMENT. The Iranian Supreme
   Court often acts quickly in administering the de-th penalty.
   According to a report, when asked by judges to "repent," Yousef replied:
   "Repent, What should I return to? To the blasphemy that I had before
   my faith in Ch-ist?"
   The judges replied: "To the re-igion of your ancestors - I-lam." To which
   Youself replied: "I cannot."
   It's time for the body of Chr-st to act, to pr-y, to plead for the life of
   our
   Brother before Chris- so that His servant may be spared.
     This is what you are asked/called to do. As soon as you receive this
   email,
   PR-Y IMMEDIATELY. Then call your pastor, your deacons and the people
   of your Chu-ch so that they may all -ray too. Then forward this PR-YER
   REQUEST to every CHR-STIAN you know so that they may p-ay also.
     The B-ble States, "If G-d is with us, who can stand against us."
     W-ite House Condemns Possible Execution of Iranian Pastor
     By Joshua Rhett M-ller
      An undated photograph circulated by religious rights organizations shows
   Youcef Nadarkhani and his family.
     The Wh-te House condemned the conviction and possible de-th sentence
   for an Iranian pastor who refuses to renounce his Chr-stian faith on
   Thursday, saying the execution would further demonstrate Iranian
   authorities "utter disregard" for relig-ous freedom.
     Youcef Nadarkhani, 32, who maintains he has never been a Muslim as
   an adult, has Islamic ancestry and therefore must recant his faith in
   Jes-- Ch-ist, the 11th branch of Iran's Gilan Provincial Court has
   ruled. Iran's Supreme Court had ordered the trial court to determine
   whether Nadarkhani had been a Muslim prior to converting to
   Chr-stianity.
      "Pastor Nadarkhani has done nothing more than maintain his devout
   faith, which is a universal right for all people," the statement released
   by the Whi-e House read. "That the Iranian authorities would try to force
   him to renounce that faith violates the religio-s values they claim to
   defend, crosses all bounds of decency, and breaches Iran's own
   international obligations. A decision to impose the dea-h penalty would
   further demonstrate the Iranian authorities' utter disregard for religi-us
   freedom, and highlight Iran's continuing violation of the universal rights
   of


20111015-Trouble In Iran.-920.html[12/03/2022 10:29:35]
Trouble In Iran.

   its citizens. We call upon the Iranian authorities to release Pastor
   Nadarkhani, and demonstrate a commitment to basic, universal human
   rights, including freedom of rel-gion."
     Attorney Mohammad Ali Dadkhah told The Associated Press on
   Thursday that his client has appeared before the appeals court over
   the past four days and expects a ruling by the end of next week.
   Dadkhah said he believes there's a "95 percent chance" of acquittal
   for Nadarkhani.
     Dadkhah said neither Iranian law nor clerics have ever stipulated
   the dea-h penalty as punishment for converting from Is-am to
   Chr-stianity.
     The judges in the case, according to the American Center for Law &
   Justice (ACLJ), demanded that Nadarkhani recant his Chr-stian faith
   before submission of evidence. Though the judgment runs against
   current Iranian and international laws and is not codified in
   Iranian penal code, the judge stated that the court must uphold the
   decision of the 27th Branch of the Supreme Court in Qom.
     When asked to repent, Nadarkhani stated: "Repent means to return.
   What should I return to? To the b-asphemy that I had before my faith
   in Ch-ist?"
     "To the rel-gion of your ancestors, Islam," the judge replied,
   according to the American Center for Law & Justice. "I cannot,"
   Nadarkhani said.
     An unnamed source close to Nadarkhani's attorney told the American
   Center for Law and Justice that a judge has agreed to overturn
   Nadarkhani's de-th sentence, but the report could not be
   independently confirmed.
     Even if the sentence is overturned, Jordan Sekulow, the executive
   director of the ACLJ, said the message is that it would be unlikely
   that Nadarkhani would be set free.
     Nadarkhani is the latest Ch-istian cleric to be imprisoned in Iran for
   his re-igious beliefs. According to Elam Ministries, a U-ited
   Kingdom-based organization that serves Chr-stian ch-rches in Iran,
   there was a significant increase in the number of Christia-s arrested
   solely for practicing their faith between June 2010 and January 2011.
   A total of 202 arrests occurred during that six-month period, including
   33 people who remained in pr-son as of January, Elam reported.
     An Assyrian evangelical pastor, Rev. Wilson Issavi, was impr-soned
   for 54 days for allegedly converting Mus-ims prior to his release in
   March 2010, Elam officials told
   FoxNews.com.
     Nadarkhani, a pastor in the 400-member Ch-rch of Iran, has been
   held in that country's Gilan Province since October 2009, after he
   protested to local education authorities that his son was forced to
   read from the K-ran at school. His wife, Fatemeh Pasandideh, was
   also arrested in June 2010 in an apparent attempt to pressure him
   to renounce his faith. She was released in October 2010, according
   to Amnesty International.
     Nadarkhani was sentenced to -eath for apostasy last September
   based on rel-gious writings by Iranian clerics, including Ayatollah
   Khomeini, the founder of the Isla-ic Republic of Iran, despite the
   fact that there is no offense of "apostasy" in the nation's penal code,
   Amnesty International reports.
     In June, the Supreme Court of Iran ruled that a lower court should
   re-examine procedural flaws in the case, giving local judges the
   power to decide whether to release, execute or retry Nadarkhani.
     The verdict, according to Amnesty International, includes a provision
   for the sentence to be overturned should Nadarkhani renounce his f-ith.
     Elise Auerbach, an Iranian analyst for Amnesty International USA,
   told
   FoxNews.com
   that an execution for apostasy has not been carried out in Iran since
   1990. Nadarkhani's sentence is a "clear violation of international law,"
   she said.
     "The key is to keep up the pressure and to publicize the story because
   it obviously outrages most people," Au-rbach said.
     "It's part of the pattern of persecution based on reli-ion in Iran."
     Kiri K-nkhwende, a spokeswoman for Chr-stian Solidarity Worldwide,
   a human rights organization that specializes in religi-us freedom, told
   FoxNews.com


20111015-Trouble In Iran.-920.html[12/03/2022 10:29:35]
Trouble In Iran.

   that Na-arkhani was asked for the fourth time to renounce his faith
   during a hearing early Wednesday and he denied that request.
     "We're waiting to hear the final outcome," she told
   FoxNews.com
   . "We're still waiting to hear what they've decided."
     Kankhwende said Nadarkhani could be executed Wednesday or Thursday.
   "Iran is unpredictable," she said. "We can't say when it might happen. It's
   a very real threat, but we can't say when exactly."
     Officials at the U.S. St-te Department declined to comment when
   reached on Wednesday.
     House Speaker John B-ehner said Nadarkhani's case is "distressing
   for people of every country and creed," according to a statement
   released on Wednesday.
     "While Iran's go-ernment claims to promote tolerance, it continues to
   imprison many of its people because of their f-ith," the statement read.
   "This goes beyond the law to an issue of fundamental respect for human
   dignity. I urge Iran's leaders to abandon this dark path, spare
   [Nadarkhani's] life, and grant him a full and unconditional release."
     Father Jonathan M-rris, a C-tholic priest in the Archdiocese of New
   York and an analyst for Fox News Channel, said Nadarkhani's case is
   "unmistakable evidence" that Iran is executing Chr-stians simply
   because they refuse to become Mu-lims.
     Morris continued: "Will P-esident O-ama, and the free world, allow
   the U-ited Nations to continue in its c-wardly silence on this matter?"
   Read more:
   http://www.foxnews.com/world/2011/09/28/iranian-pastor-faces-execution-for-refusing-to-recant-
   christian-faith/#ixzz1aiqT38B2
   John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20111015-Trouble In Iran.-920.html[12/03/2022 10:29:35]
