{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T13:06:59Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33765, "source_ctime_ns": 1790768413898167025, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111226-Top-10-Things-Byran-Learned-In-2005.-60881.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790768413801161107, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111226-Top-10-Things-Byran-Learned-In-2005.-60881.pdf", "source_sha256": "ec05767d439727b19aeb7d048d5646f3a14262c508e3e69f0622a8b0950add85"}

Cons. Journal. Part 4.


   Subject: Cons. Journal. Part 4.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 25/12/2011, 06:22
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

   Subject: Consp. Journal.               Part 4.
   Dec. 24, 2011.
     This discusses a star map that was given to Betty Hill who was
   abducted by the Greys.
   ......................................................
   ......................................................
   In reply, the alien shows her a three-dimensional star map
   consisting of points of light connected with different sorts of
   lines to indicate both light and heavy trade routes and various
   occasional expeditions. Betty then asks, "Well, where are you on
   the map?"
   The alien responds by saying, "Well, do you know where YOU are
   on the map?" Betty replies that she has no knowledge of
   astronomy. At which point, the alien tells her that since she
   doesn't know where she is on the map, it wouldn't do much good
   to tell her where he is.
   When Dr. Simon heard this story, he gave Betty a posthypnotic
   suggestion to draw the map later but only if she felt she was
   remembering it accurately. Betty did as she was asked and drew
   the map, presumably accurately.
   Enter Marjorie Fish, who doubted the Hill's story because she
   felt the aliens the Hills described looked too humanoid. But
   Fish did venture to make several three-dimensional models based
   on Betty's map using the best available distance-between-the-
   stars data available at the time. After a lot of trail and
   error, Fish succeeded in matching Betty's map to the actual
   locations of various stars cataloged in the then-current
   astronomical reference works. Her conclusion was that the aliens
   had told Betty that they originated from a binary star system
   called Zeta One and Zeta Two Reticuli. Some people have been
   calling the aliens "Zetas" ever since.
   Fish presented her findings to Dr. J. Allen Hynek at the Adler
   Planetarium in Chicago and at a M-FON conference. When the
   article about her work appeared in "Astronomy Magazine," it
   received more reader reaction than anything the magazine had
   published before or since. Clearly something important was
   happening here.
   There were other competing theories to Marjorie Fish's work,
   and the author of "Set Your Phaser To Stun," Steve Pearse, does
   a very thorough job of digging into the history of the
   controversy. In fact, his in-depth coverage of the entire star
   map phenomenon is immaculately fair and reasonable.
   But now comes Pearse's own theory. As well known abductee and
   author Kay Wilson recounts in her foreword to Pearse's book, "It
   was a beautiful summer night in the Pacific Northwest in July of
   1993 when my husband had an exchange with a being that has come
   to be known in the vernacular as a Grey. I also saw them that
   night, but he was chosen by this Being as the person to converse
   with. As my husband Erik relayed his account of the conversation
   to me, I wrote down everything he said verbatim, because in my
   heart I understood the importance of what I was hearing."
   Erik's conversation with the Grey is recorded by Pearse thusly:
   "We go on the deck," Erik says, "and I ask him, 'Are you from
   the Pleiades?' The Being adamantly replies, 'No.' I ask him
   where he is from. We look in the sky to see the Big Dipper. He
   says, 'See the Ursa Major?' I reply, 'Yes.' The Being then tells
   me, 'The star cluster to the right and below. The one with the
   triangle to the left and the little stars in between . . . we're
   from that one. The fourth planet from our sun.'"
   Pearse would seemingly randomly run across this information on


20111226-Top 10 Things Byran Learned In 2005.-60881.html[12/03/2022 10:30:55]
Cons. Journal. Part 4.

   the Alien Jigsaw website that Kay Wilson maintains in the year
   2000. It so piqued his curiosity that he has been researching
   the star map phenomenon ever since. Pearse believes that the
   "verbal map quest" that Erik Wilson received from the Grey
   perfectly dovetails with Betty Hill's original star map,
   particularly in the matter of the triangular star cluster found
   in both Betty and Erik's version of what they were told.
   In order to understand Pearse's theory, one has to bypass the
   Marjorie Fish model as well as the theories of others who took
   paths similar to hers. Pearse makes his argument in voluminous
   detail, and some of it is very technical and perhaps over the
   head of the casual reader, which I must admit includes me. But
   one doesn't have to know how to crunch the numbers in order to
   be fascinated by what may be a genuine and crucial piece of the
   overall puzzle. The Greys have to be from SOMEWHERE, and
   Pearse's reasoning could be completely on target. It remains, of
   course, impossible to know one way or another at this point.
   Prior to the publication of "Set Your Phaser To Stun," Pearse
   approached people like the Mutual UFO Network and others in the
   UFO community and was completely ignored. It seems no one wanted
   to challenge the authenticity of the Fish-Hill map and its
   convenient Zetas, and the more normally open minds on the UFO
   subject were apparently summarily closed in this case.
   Perhaps the newly named Hill-Wilson star map will find its
   adherents and its place in the general scheme of things, perhaps
   not. But "Set Your Phaser To Stun" deserves to be read in any
   case, not only for its groundbreaking new approach to the point
   of origin for the UFO occupants, but also as a story of the very
   human need to find real-world answers to a phenomenon that so
   far has given us more questions than we can comfortably bear.
   ["Set Your Phaser To Stun" by Steve Pearse is available on
   Amazon.com as both a paperback and a Kindle book. The book can
   also be ordered from the Xlibris Corporation at 1-888-795-4274
   or by emailing Orders@Xlibris.com
   If you enjoyed this article, read more articles and interviews
   at Sean Casteel's "UFO Journalist" website at:
   www.seancasteel.com
   - HERE THERE BE M-NSTERS DEPARTMENT -
   Chasing the Dragon
   By Nick R-dfern
   For three years Richard Freeman worked as Head of Reptiles at
   Twycross Zoo, England and, today, is the Zoological Director of
   one of the world's premier cryptozoological investigation
   groups: namely, the Center for Fortean Zoology. And while
   Freeman has a passion for all aspects of cryptozoolgy, it is the
   dragon that fascinates him most of all.
   "I started my career as a zoologist - so I had a grounded
   training," says Freeman. "But cryptozoology was my passion. Now,
   I have had a particular passion - an obsession, I suppose - for
   years with dragons. But there was something that always puzzled
   me: no-one had ever thought, for more than a hundred years, to
   publish a definitive, non-fiction book on the subject. And as I
   am a qualified zoologist, I thought: why not me?"
   Why not, indeed? In fact, that is precisely what Freeman has
   done in his book, Dragons: More Than A Myth?
   I asked Freeman about his theories and discoveries with regard
   to dragons. He replied: "Well, that's a bit difficult to answer
   because there are several things going on. It's important to
   note that I've traveled the world pursuing these creatures - the
   Gambia, Mongolia, Thailand, and right here in England with some
   of the old legends from past centuries. And of one thing I can
   be certain: there isn't just one answer to the question of what
   dragons are or what they may be."
   Freeman continued: "There are many creatures that have become
   linked to the lore and legend of what today we perceive and view
   as dragons, and some of these creatures are distinctly different
   to each other. But that should not take away from the fact that
   dragons are a real phenomenon."


20111226-Top 10 Things Byran Learned In 2005.-60881.html[12/03/2022 10:30:55]
Cons. Journal. Part 4.

   On this latter point, Freeman elaborates: "I am absolutely
   certain, having reviewed many ancient reports of dragon
   activity, that many sightings - perhaps two or three hundred
   years ago and probably further back - were genuine encounters,
   but where the witnesses were seeing what I believe to have been
   huge snakes, giant crocodiles, and the Australian 'monster
   lizard' Megalania."
   Freeman makes a noteworthy, and thought-provoking, point: "Any
   mention of dragons always conjures up images of fire-breathing
   monsters, and there are definitely reports that fall into that group.
   But, when you look into many of the earliest, ancient legends, you
   find that the dragon is more often associated with water. So, I
   have a theory that some of the better lake monster accounts from
   centuries ago may well have influenced dragon tales."
   On this point, he adds: "Personally, I also believe that some
   classic tales of dragons in England in Medieval times, and tales
   of beasts such as the Lambton Worm, probably have their origins
   in lake monster accounts, giant eels, etc., that have then
   mutated into tales of dragons on the loose. But the important
   point is that this shouldn't detract from the fact that people did
   see something."
   I asked him: "You mean that the ancients were seeing lake
   monsters and, having been exposed to dragon legends, believed
   them to be - or interpreted them as - dragons, too?"
   "Exactly," Freeman replied.
   Of course, the biggest question of all was: are there creatures
   still living today that Freeman believes have helped perpetuate
   the image of the dragon? He is certain there are: "I would
   pretty much stake my life on the fact that Megalania still
   exists - or did until very recently - in the large forests of
   Australia, and that also roamed New Guinea. This was a huge,
   ki-ler-beast; a massive monitor lizard that exceeded thirty feet
   in length. In literal terms, this was a classic dragon-type
   animal."
   I questioned Freeman about his research into an animal known as
   the Naga of Thailand that he believes is responsible for some
   dragon tales. He told me: "There is no excuse for not getting
   out into the field and doing firsthand investigations; none at
   all. In fact, it's vital. I have no time for the armchair
   theorist. And one of the experiences that I will remember for
   the rest of my life was traveling to Thailand with the Discovery
   Channel in 2000, where we chased giant snakes - the Naga - in
   the caves and tunnels that exist deep below Thailand.
   "It's very easy to see why the inhabitants in times past
   considered them to be dragons. The Naga is apparently a large
   snake, a very large one - maybe in the order of literally tens
   of feet in length, oil-drum-sized bodies, and definitely big
   enough to take a whole man."
   And similar accounts abound elsewhere, too: "There have come
   reports from the Congo of an animal known as Mokele-mbembe.
   Again, it has cross-over qualities with dragon legends, but I'm
   sure that it will be shown in time to be some sort of giant
   monitor lizard, too."
   But what of the definitive, fire-breathing dragons of legend:
   does, or did, such a creature exist? Freeman makes a very
   intriguing observation: "Back in 1979 Peter Dickinson wrote a
   book that was titled The Flight of Dragons. Dickinson had come
   up with this idea - an excellent theory, in fact - that real-
   life dragons did exist and that they were the descendants of
   dinosaurs such as the Tyrannosaurus Rex. Dickinson suggested
   that these animals developed large, expanded stomachs that would
   fill with hydrogen gas, which would come from a combination of
   hydrochloric acid found in the juices of the digestive system
   that would then mix with calcium found in the bones of their prey.
   Part 4.
   John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20111226-Top 10 Things Byran Learned In 2005.-60881.html[12/03/2022 10:30:55]
