{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T07:09:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29138, "source_ctime_ns": 1790721627546150174, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110707-Montauk.-Part-4.-60484.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790721627196645477, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110707-Montauk.-Part-4.-60484.pdf", "source_sha256": "b0682532ba794349c41a1ac4808248f128da5bb5547dff73a9aec169a1b6e8d4"}

Saint Germaine And The Declaration Of Independence.


  Subject: Saint Germaine And The Declaration Of Independence.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 06/07/2011, 22:00
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: St. Germaine And The Declaration Of Independence.      July 6,
  2011.
     Did St. Germaine write the Declaration of Independence?
  ..........................................................
  ..........................................................
  Jan-s
  Update by Sheldan N-dle for the S-iritual Hierarchy and the Galactic
  Federation
  13 Cimi, 4 Kumku, 7 Ik
  Selamat Balik!
   We return! The major operations leading to full
  disclosure are moving steadily forward. We monitor these activities with
  an eagle eye to ensure that they overcome any resistance put up by the
  dark. The various policies professing to 'save' the economies of several
  nations are mere window dressing, designed to cover up the irremediable
  inadequacies of your global structures. In truth, the economies of your
  world are sinking under a massive debt that is impossible to recover
  from. Debt forgiveness is the only way out for these many beleaguered
  nations, but the greed of the dark's minions prevents this sensible
  solution from being enacted. This is why what our Earth allies are doing
  is so vital to your future. The present economic system, like the rest
  of your reality, has had its 'time in the sun', and this sun is now
  setting. Our Earth allies are fully aware of this and are working
  diligently to implement a new economic system, which is nevertheless to
  be only a stopgap while you progress swiftly toward your destiny as
  fully conscious Beings of Light.
          This progression toward full consciousness means that a grand
  transformation is rapidly overcoming the control of the dark. The
  difficulty has been the dark's refusal to acknowledge what is happening
  around them. The Ascended Masters have wondrously altered the grids of
  your reality and, with your help, infused Light into every corner of
  your world. Love and Oneness is your future. The h-tred, schisms, and
  wholesale manipulation wreaked by the dark's minions through the ages,
  and which constitute your familiar world, are fading fast, and we are
  here to assist the Light to manifest the new, fully-conscious realm.
  This time of year is important as it marks the remembrance of one of
  Saint Germaine's most cherished projects: the American Declaration of
  Independence. The unalienable rights promised to all do indeed include
  Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness, which translate into
  freedom, personal sovereignty, and following your true inner joy. These
  qualities lie at the heart of what being fully conscious is all about,
  so let's look at this more closely.
          Being fully conscious is a true state of d-vine grace: you are
  able to communicate easily with your higher self (your di-ine I Am
  Presence) and live in a wondrous realm which integrates the physical
  with the sp-ritual; in this state of Beingness, you can plan your life
  with your spi-itual councils, seek wisdom from your experiential life
  encounters in the physical, and contribute to the unfolding of the
  divine plan in all the realms you move through each day. In this way,
  you grow spiritually, mentally, and emotionally. The wisdom garnered is
  shared constantly with your immediate podlet (a family-like community
  of up to 64 individuals) that you have known since babyhood. This
  knowledge helps not only yourself but your podlet and your entire
  society as well. Galactic society is a vast interconnected maze you are
  happily entwined in. It provides you with knowledge, wisdom, and above
  all, a way to contribute your abilities to sustaining the magnificent
  star-nation you reside in.
          The ongoing defiance of the dark c-bal is indicative of the
  overbearing entitlement it has used to justify its domination of you
  for nearly 13 millennia. Our Earth allies are about to wrest its
  members from their now-shaky perches, but it has taken a weighty
  coalition of powerful individuals, Ascended M-sters, and several very


20110707-Montauk. Part 4.-60484.html[12/03/2022 10:27:52]
Saint Germaine And The Declaration Of Independence.

  wealthy groups dedicated to the Light to bring the dark ones to the end
  of their long reign. The deciding factor in this is us: the first
  contact team of the Galactic Federation. Our presence tells these
  ca-alists that this 'quiet r-volution' is unlike any they have
  previously encountered, as they are up against an alliance backed by
  two elements that are greater than they are: your spir-tual and your
  space families. Now, indeed, the global tide has turned. The only
  remaining question is how long before a momentous global power shift
  follows. This power shift is geared toward acknowledging first contact
  and, with it, the expunging of a realm created long ago by Atlantis and
  their Anunnaki allies.
          Blessings, dear Hearts! We return to your divine Presence! Our
  associates are readying the 'special greetings' we have recommended for
  the dark ones. The results of this 'package of goodies' are div-ne, as
  they are to secure your freedoms and manifest the personal sovereignty
  you brought in last week. This time of year has a special significance
  for Saint Germaine as it celebrates the occasion, over two centuries
  ago, when he boldly proclaimed the prototype for your emancipation from
  your status as enslaved chattel imposed on you by the dark. This
  document, which established the imperatives behind your liberation, is
  being used once again as the foundation for the legal pronouncements
  that are ready to be made public. In effect, these constitute a 'second
  American Re-olution', but this time it is to free not only A-erica but
  the entire world. These officially authorized decrees are to swiftly
  initiate the means to set up a whole slew of new gov-rnments.
          We have watched you suffer under the relentless heel of the dark
  ca-al, and these Beings are still unable to see that their time for
  letting go has arrived. What is coming will wake them up and orient
  their sight clearly on the birthing of a new world. Our divi-e purpose
  is to spread the Light across this beautiful globe and prepare you for
  full consciousness. This mass global ascension is firmly decreed by
  H-aven and sanctioned by the Creator. We are in joy that this sac-ed
  moment is upon us. Our associates have done much to prepare for the
  series of special announcements that are to signal the creation of a
  new reality filled with prosperity, freedom, and sovereignty for all.
  It will also be a time when our Agarthan family can reintroduce
  themselves to you. We intend that this be done swiftly, easily, and
  with much joy!
          As the time comes for a new epoch to be launched, we wish to note
  that the mission we all took on millennia ago is reaching its moment of
  fruition. The formal arrival of the Galactic Federation of Light anchors
  in this new era for humanity. The days ahead will be characterized by
  much joy as the procedures leading to the mass landings are announced.
  The new governm-nts and new prosperity will change greatly your way of
  life, and the weighty responsibilities you are to take on will also
  reprioritize your outlook on life as the implications of the information
  you will be privy to begin to take hold. However, be assured that you
  will be able to handle it and apply it to your personal environment.
  Just know that this moment is a profound one. You are to go through the
  beginning stages of acknowledging your ascension and putting to rest
  your misplaced anxieties.
          Today, we continued our discussion and gave you a brief
  accounting of unfolding events. We wish to reiterate that these events
  constitute the start of the transformation of your reality. The time
  comes for us to meet and celebrate our new adventures together! Know,
  dear Ones, that the countless Supply and never-ending Prosperity of
  He-ven are indeed Yours! So Be It! Selamat Gajun! Selamat Ja! (Sirian
  for Be One! and Be in Joy!)
  Planetary Activation Organization | Mailing Address: P. O. Box 4975, El
  Dorado Hills, California 95762 USA
  Voicemail: 808-573-3110 | E-mail: info@paoweb.com | Website address:
  www.paoweb.com
  (JW I have read an account in the past of when the framers of the
  Declaration of Independance were in a closed room and not been able
  to figure it out, St. Germaine was said to appear in a closed room with
  them and give them the draft to the Declaration of Independence.)
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110707-Montauk. Part 4.-60484.html[12/03/2022 10:27:52]
