{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T11:26:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32608, "source_ctime_ns": 1790679132594289949, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110413-Re_airfoil-patent-4-066-226---Paper-10.jpg-1_1---Paper-11.jpg-1_1---Paper-12.jpg-1_1---Paper-13.jpg-0_1--60128.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790679132591513148, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110413-Re_airfoil-patent-4-066-226---Paper-10.jpg-1_1---Paper-11.jpg-1_1---Paper-12.jpg-1_1---Paper-13.jpg-0_1--60128.pdf", "source_sha256": "599c6add9b2d2d75f51f8cca999873eb9036cbaf3a5d7be1ddf6c882185b5f7a"}

Space People In Death Valley. Part 2 of 2.


   Subject: Space People In Death Valley. Part 2 of 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 13/04/2011, 03:16
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

   Subject: Space People In Death Valley.                             Part 2 of 2.                             April
   12, 2011.
      Here she talks about the space people in Death Valley.
   ..........................................................
   ..........................................................
   MY EXPERIENCE OF ETs BASED IN DEATH VALLEY, CALIFORNIA IN
   (APPROX) 1998.
   I read Dreamland in the Rockies by B-anton about the aliens under Death
   Valley. Then after trying all evening to contemplate the meaning of it,
   upon waking up in the morning, I felt the etheric presence of four human
   alien men, trying really strongly to send greetings by t-lepathy. I knew
   that it was the aliens under Death Valley, as they said it was very clearly.
   However it was so overpowering that I was unsure what to do, as I didn't
   want to be forced into communication, especially by four of them. I felt a
   bit threatened and wondered if they were trying to control me, so ignored
   them. But they kept it up for about four days and in the end I replied - I'm
   sorry I just don't like being overpowered like this, because I don't know
   anything about you, but I would like to speak if you have a woman there.
   Do you have a woman on your base? If so may I please speak with one?
      Straight away this was arranged and I could te-epathically hear them
   analyzing who to choose. They must have tried to pick my personality type
   which to them was some creative artistic type who loved cooking etc.
   That fits me in part as I was a signwriter and display artist for years, so
   we were definitely in tune there emotionally. A woman sent her warm
   greetings and I really liked her. We sussed each other out the way women
   do with feelings and got quite a rapport going woman to woman style.
   However I only picked up one single word after three days constant
   emotional communication. But she was definitely my type of friend, so
   it was a pity there was no head connection. The only word I picked up
   was that she was from "Lyra" and I'm sure of that as I heard it quite a
   few times. Others have mentioned this place too, so they are obviously
   human like us there. Might be the same place some of our alien ancestors
   came from.
      I had to say by telepathy back, I really like this woman but I can't hear
   her speak, do you have anyone else who I may speak with please that
   may come through more clearly? Immediately after a few seconds,
   another woman came, possibly they had her as second choice as they
   didn't spend time looking.
      She was so intelligent and and clear headed that it was making me get
   a headache. Razor sharp thoughts, maybe a techno-whiz or something. I
   felt as if my brain was on speed and I was unable to cope, so after maybe
   half a day I told them, I was really sorry but this lady is too intelligent
   for me. I couldn't catch any message as her thoughts were too fast.
      Then they had another think and after a few hours picked out another
   lady who had a million ideas and her mind was so cluttered with such
   a variety of experiences looked at from all angles, that I couldn't pick
   out any one thing she was saying. I had to give up after a couple of days
   and say I just can't pick up one single particular thing. Though there
   was plenty of it. She seems to be impressionable and took in a lot
   pictorially when she experienced things and they left vivid impressions.
   But although I also think in pictures and use the right brain, I
   philosophize
   abstractly at the same time and try to connect multiple things to make
   a complete picture. They all seemed pretty normal humans to me at that
   point. I was rather surprised to find how different they were from each
   other, but maybe they were different r-ces.
   Then they had another good think and then a man came through. A man
   in charge there, as he had authority. He was as clear as can be as if
   talking
   face to face. Perfect reception, but I think they used technology to
   enhance it as it was so clear, because I really don't think my own
   telep-thy is as good as this yet, unless he had an extraordinarly natural
   ability to amplify himself. (I'm OK with telepat-y with certain rac-s, but
   it
   depends on how someone thinks and what parts of the brain they use.)
      He said that there were many people here of a Universal Security Force
   from
   throughout the universe, who were developing ways to stop some other


20110413-Re_airfoil patent 4,066,226 - Paper-10.jpg (1_1) - Paper-11.jpg (1_1) - Paper-12.jpg (1_1) - Paper-13.jpg (0_1)-60128.html[12/03/2022 10:26:07]
Space People In Death Valley. Part 2 of 2.

   straggler entities from activating the world gridlines, to bring the earth
   into
   a higher frequency artificially. He said they would not let this occur and
   had very advanced technology to stop this. He also said they were not
   interested in giving us messages to live by and were only contacting
   people who took an interest in the state of the world today. They didn't
   want to have to explain things, as they wanted people to communicate
   with who would already have looked into such matters as global pol-tics
   and the alien situation etc.
     They just basically wanted to say and prove that they were here for this
   reason, to specifically stop the destruction of the physical earth by HAARP
   and other scalar transmitters creating time riffs and for myself and others
   to know this and pass it on. They do not intend colonizing or living here
   and
   are only gathering information to bring back to where they meet to give an
   evaluation of what is being done and by whom.
     They are physical but can use their other s-irit vehicles to travel around
   invisibly and know what is going on in the inner worlds and the parallel
   universe. They are doing this to take note of which forces are invisibly
   operating in the inner worlds, that are controlling the aliens who are
   trying
   to activate the gridlines. They are Universe Intelligence Officers, who
   make sure the inhabitants of each planet stay within designated
   evo-utionary boundaries.
   Upon being asked why so many aliens are here abducting, this man said that
   the protection order of this planet had expired, due to karmic retribution
   being in place and though many thousands of aliens are living here among us
   here undetected, and manipulating for good behind the scenes, mankind has
   to gain the experience to overcome these problems and mature. He added that
   everyone is judged and catalogued for their future destiny according to what
   they do to help or how they react to the abduction situation. People get
   training and knowledge when they sleep and wake up with it he said. Then
   he said they would return home and would contact me when they got back,
   as they have the information they need and have ability to get a continuous
   update by technological and spiri-ual means. They were from all over the
   universe and human.
     I did get some more contact with them about 2 years later, which was this
   year (2000) and though I'm not communicating with them mentally due to
   the complicated nature of their work here in dealing such things as
   wea-ons testing in China Lake, California among other places etc. and my
   inability to grasp the enormity of what they are doing universally, I am
   communing with them emotionally and feel a contact with them in my
   dreams. Additional note: It is now June 2001 and I have had alien telepa-hic
   help during writing articles about what is happening scientifically with the
   manipulation of consciousness running through the gridlines, using
   technology. I wrote them all under different names so won't reveal those at
   present. But this information will reach those who need to know exactly
   what is going on in full, world wide before it is too late. They are also
   helping others with research.
     [Dec 6 2001. Last Update.] They are still with me and showing me stuff in
   the parallel universe of earth. They are also involved in the natural
   evo-vement of this planet into another frequency, which uses the interaction
   of all the planets in the solar system to evoke patterns of development
   here in our consciousness. In this they work with selected people in our
   solar system, including Venusians. I know some people may deny there
   are humans living on Venus, but I have witnesses who saw the spaceships
   parked outside my window sometimes when they came to visit. But they
   used to slide out of their body and communicate in their etheric double
   standing in my room. As I had some etheric vision, I partially saw them.
   I'm not saying Je--s is a Venusian, but as He is King of the Universe, He
   does rule all the planets as such. Each planet has a leader, who is their
   representative in the universal hierarchy and has to answer to Jes--. I
   know now that these aliens from Death Valley who contacted me work
   with all the local planets in our solar system's secur-ty forces, and have
   control over the karma of individuals. Earth would have the proper
   se-urity representatives, but they don't make themselves obvious. We
   have had to try to be independent since the Flood 12,000 years ago
   approximately. But anyone i-carnate since the Flood would have been
   contacted if they had needed to know this. 12,000 years is a small span,
   compared to the length of time we spent in Atlantis with alien contact.
   Sometimes it's best to learn how to communicate with your own kin, just
   to get focused on what's important. Aliens tend to take over a bit, and
   the small stuff gets forgotten. We've got s-ul now and learned all sorts
   since we went back to a primitive state. And much variety has been
   developed in civilizations all over, which wouldn't have occured, should
   aliens have come here and showed us how to make crystal domes or
   whatever they live in on their planets. People have learned the crafts and
   to be artistic without them. It's nice to rest from technology and to get
   mellow, but we can get it back again and this time know right from wrong,
   from our own trial and error experiences in this necessity.
   MORE STORIES


20110413-Re_airfoil patent 4,066,226 - Paper-10.jpg (1_1) - Paper-11.jpg (1_1) - Paper-12.jpg (1_1) - Paper-13.jpg (0_1)-60128.html[12/03/2022 10:26:07]
Space People In Death Valley. Part 2 of 2.


   MY EXPERIENCES WITH ETs
   MY TRIP ACROSS THE PARALLEL UNIVERSE
   I MET J--US ON THE TUBE TRAIN
   SEMBE: Ancient Time Traveller. A p-st life in Persia.
   TIMELINES
   WHAT IS TIME?
   ARE ETS TRYING TO CHANGE OUR REALITY WITH TECHNOLOGY?
   TECHNOREALITIES: The Fake Second Coming
   I GREETED MYSELF IN THE PYRAMID AS AN ATLANTEAN SCIENTIST,
   OPERATING TIME TRAVEL TECHNOLOGY
   I REMEMBER AN ATLANTEAN TIME MACHINE Part 2
   Twelve Things You Should Know About Scalar Wea-ons
   The Anomalies in Navy Electrolyte Experiments at China Lake
   Soviet Sca-ar We-pons by Tom Bearden
   Soviet Tactical D-ath Ray by Tom Bearden
   Time Polarization: Significence and Weapo-ization by T Bearden
   Back to Homepage and more true time travel stories
   Part 2 of 2.
   John Winston.           johfw@mlode.com


20110413-Re_airfoil patent 4,066,226 - Paper-10.jpg (1_1) - Paper-11.jpg (1_1) - Paper-12.jpg (1_1) - Paper-13.jpg (0_1)-60128.html[12/03/2022 10:26:07]
