{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:33:43Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32816, "source_ctime_ns": 1790671089363877913, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110722-EMF-Radiation.-Part-2-of-2.-and-Jokes.-60523.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790671089290588284, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110722-EMF-Radiation.-Part-2-of-2.-and-Jokes.-60523.pdf", "source_sha256": "3d3f16557c6dbf6be7d6d038cdadb63e413e9fc01705019349dad93d420187f8"}

EMF.


  Subject: EMF.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 22/07/2011, 15:39
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: EMF Radiation.
  July 21, 2011.
       This suggest that we may be radiated and not be aware of it.
  .........................................................................
  .........................................................................
  Worse than Cigarettes? The Silent Enemy Harming Your Health Today...
  Posted by: Dr. M-rcola | July 09 2011
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v-b9RnClSQbE
  Total video Length: 0:45:30
  Download Interview Transcript
  Visit the Me-cola Video Library
  Vickie W-rren is a former Executive Director of the Bau-Biologie Group for
  the U-ited States. She now heads up the non-profit organization Wings of
  Eagle Healthy Living, dedicated to grassroots education. Here, she discusses
  the detrimental health effects of electromagnetic fields, and what you can
  do
  to protect yourself and your family from excessive EMF exposure. Sources:
       Video Transcript
  Dr. Mer-ola's Comments:
  Many still do not realize that they're chronically exposed to something that
  can
  deteriorate their health, and, unless it's identified and re-mediated, can
  lead
  to premature d-ath an exposure that is completely invisible, tasteless, and
  odorless. The exposure I'm referring to is electromagnetic fields, or EMF.
  Five Primary Sources of Electromagnetic Field Exposure As Vickie Wa-ren
  explains in this interview, there are basically five primary sources of
  dangerous EMF that surround you on a daily basis:
  1. Electric fields: These are the fields that emanate from anything that has
  voltage; basically anything electric, such as lamps, electrical wiring,
  outlets,
  extension cords, electrical appliances, and power outlets.
  Electric fields can affect the electrical communication in your body, such
  as
  your brainwaves, or the ability of your neurons to fire and communicate. It
  can
  also impede inter-cell communication anywhere in your body. Health problems
  that can manifest as a result to this type of exposure include neurological-
  and
  behavioral changes, altered cell growth, cell mutations, fibromyalgia,
  chronic
  fatigue, and even c-ncer.
  Magnetic fields: The Environmental P-otection Agency (EPA) has labeled
  magnetic fields a class 3 carcinogen. These fields can occur when there is
  an
  imbalance in the electrical wiring, and around electrical motors such as the
  motor in your refrigerator.
  A MAJOR source of magnetic fields is next to the main power meter for your
  house. You definitely want to avoid sleeping up against a wall that has a
  power
  meter on the outside. Electric clock radios can also generate magnetic
  fields.
  Fortunately, the effect drops off dramatically with distance, so simply
  putting
  some distance typically about five or six feet between yourself and the
  source is usually sufficient to drastically reduce or eliminate the danger.


20110722-EMF Radiation. Part 2 of 2. and Jokes.-60523.html[12/03/2022 10:27:59]
EMF.

  3. Power lines, whether above- or underground.
  4. Metal plumbing: Yes, older metal plumbing done frequently carry a
  current.
  5. Wireless communications: This includes wireless power meters (so-called
  SmartMeters), cell phones, cell towers, wireless routers, and cordless
  phones.
  Most of these types of technologies expose you to both electric- and
  magnetic
  fields.
  According to Vickie, cordless phone bases are a MAJOR source of exposure,
  and should never be kept in your sleeping area. While the handset is a
  source
  of exposure while you're talking on the phone, the base transmits
  constantly,
  whether the phone is in use or not. Still, it's best to use the speaker
  phone
  or a headset when using a cordless phone because the thermal impact of the
  antenna can also cause problems, particularly if you're frequently on the
  phone or talk for long periods of time.
  The thermal impact is what the SAR rating on the phone refers to.
  The radiation emitted by wireless communications decreases linearly, so you
  have to put a significant amount of distance between yourself and the source
  to
  sufficiently reduce your exposure. Having walls between yourself and the
  source
  will also help; preferably with reflective barriers such as metal foil and
  certain types of metallic paint.
  Ideally, you'll want the cordless base station located at least three full
  rooms away from where you're sleeping. Keeping a cordless phone base on
  your
  desk is not recommended, as you'll be continuously blasted with radiation
  throughout your work day.
  The Latest Danger is 'Smart Meters'
  Some areas of the Un-ted States have already begun installing a so-called
  'smart
  grid,' where utility meters transmit data on your household energy usage
  wirelessly to the utility. Eventually, they want to expand this to
  installing
  smart meters on each household appliance within your home, to individually
  transmit the usage data to the smart meter.
  If this technological advancement is allowed to spread across the nation,
  public health may plummet across the board.
  According to Vickie, they've already seen a direct correlation between
  increasing health complaints in neighborhoods where smart meters have been
  installed. An excellent interview on the radio frequency these new energy
  strategies will bring into your home can be found at on
  ElectromagneticHealth.org.
  It features Blake L-vitt, author of Electromagnetic Fields and a long-time
  science writer on this topic, and Duncan C-mpbell, Esq, a visionary thinker
  on the future of utilities and new energy technologies.
  "Usually, the first issue that people start talking about is inability to
  sleep,
  or mood swings, along with headaches," Vickie says.
  How can you protect your health if your community forces one on you?
  "We've talked to several people in Australia. What they're doing is to put
  a reflective barrier to keep radiation from your meter from coming into the
  home," Vickie says. "The problem is you've also got to be aware of your
  neighbor's meters and where they are located."
  This can be a significant challenge if you live in a densely populated area
  or in a multi-unit dwelling. You'd have to identify all the sources, and
  address
  all of them.
  However, you may be able to request that your meter be set up to transmit
  information only once a day, as opposed to once every minute. So if your
  home is
  outfitted with a smart meter, talk to your utility company and see if you
  can
  change the transmission rate to once every 24 hours, ideally during a time
  that you're not home. And then tell your neighbors and ask them to do the
  same.


20110722-EMF Radiation. Part 2 of 2. and Jokes.-60523.html[12/03/2022 10:27:59]
EMF.

  How to Decrease EMF Exposure while Sleeping
  First, begin with a visual inspection of your bedroom to identify sources of
  electric- and/or magnetic fields. Vickie recommends sleeping with your head
  away
  from the wall, facing the center of the room even if it means lying with
  your
  head facing the headboard end of your bed.
  Why?
  Because unless you live in a community that requires buildings to have
  shielded
  conduits, you will be exposed to electrical fields from the wiring in your
  walls. There are not many communities that require this however. Outside
  of Chicago, where I live, the building code does require electrical wires to
  be
  run through a shielded pipe, which reduces both fire hazard and electric
  field
  radiation. However, single family homes in most areas of the US have bare
  wires running through the walls.
  If you're not sure whether your wiring is shielded or not, you can purchase
  a
  volt sensor from your local hardware store. Just run it up and down across
  your
  wall, and if the meter detects an electric field, you know you're being
  exposed.
  Re-mediating open wiring in a home that's already built can be an expensive
  venture. The least expensive fix, should your bedroom walls emit electric
  fields, is to simply turn off the particular circuit breaker for your
  bedroom at
  night.
  Be aware that just turning your lights off does NOT eliminate electric
  fields,
  because the electrical outlets always carry voltage, whether the light is
  on or off. Next, make sure everything around your bed is battery powered.
  How to Determine Your Level of Magnetic Field Exposure
  While you can safely assume that you're being exposed to electric fields
  from
  lamps, appliances and wiring in your walls, magnetic fields is another
  matter.
  There is no way to know whether or not you have a magnetic field problem in
  your
  home, unless you test for it.
  Again, magnetic fields can be generated from power lines nearby, whether
  overhead or beneath the ground, motors such as your refrigerator and power
  meters, as well as older types of metal plumbing.
  "I recommend you use a Gauss meter," Vickie says. "There is a plethora of
  them available on the market that are fairly inexpensive. Get together with
  your
  friends and family and buy one, because you only have to measure once."
  Another source of magnetic fields that most people are clueless about is
  your
  hair dryer. A hair dryer can actually emit greater magnetic fields than your
  refrigerator! So if you can avoid using one, you'll be better off for it.
  Unfortunately, whereas you can shield against electric fields, you cannot
  shield
  against magnetic fields they go straight through metal, including lead. The
  only way you could protect yourself against it is to completely encase the
  source and ground it, using a so-called Faraday cage.
  Other problematic sources include cordless telephone bases, which I
  discussed
  above. Laptop computers are another high energy source of both electric- and
  magnetic fields, so avoid putting a laptop directly on your lap. You can
  block
  the thermal effects by using a lap pad, and you can shield against the
  electric
  field by adding a reflective material or metal to it, but you cannot block
  the
  magnetic field component.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20110722-EMF Radiation. Part 2 of 2. and Jokes.-60523.html[12/03/2022 10:27:59]
EMF.


20110722-EMF Radiation. Part 2 of 2. and Jokes.-60523.html[12/03/2022 10:27:59]
