{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T07:55:49Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32157, "source_ctime_ns": 1790665982630014258, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110526-DK-And-David-I.-Part-2.-628.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790665982615009317, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110526-DK-And-David-I.-Part-2.-628.pdf", "source_sha256": "a814f51e8576a164005a8a7a2233f4007ed78b16b22cdd483234b92f40fc925a"}

DK And David I. Part 2.


  Subject: DK And David I. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 26/05/2011, 16:06
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: DK And David I.                   Part 2.
  May 26, 2011.
    The purpose of my trip to Boise, Idaho was to witnees my granddaughter's
  high school graduation. As most of you already know, my number four son
  died of drinking and no exercise 11 years. I had been told that his best
  friend E-rl had said he would swear that my son Edwin had appeared to
  him and he could hear Edwin laughing after he had died. I confrounted Ea-l
  about this and he said that it was true.
  ...........................
     This explains more about how David I. is being protected.
  ........................................................
  ........................................................
  The deeper message needs to be that each and every human being has the
  potential and capacity to connect with their d-vine aspects, their di-ine
  multidimensional nature, and that they too can hear the voice of their
  individual G-dhead, the Div-ne Aspect of their being in their own way
  and it would not necessarily always be a male representation of that Divi-e
  Essence.
  Many might find a female voice speaking to them - something that many who
  have grown up in a C-ristianized belief system still find very hard to
  believe
  or accept.
  As to the secondary level of the question of why many think that they have
  the only true representation of Go-, the only true understanding and belief;
  this has much to do with a dualistic understanding that humanity is tied
  into at
  this time.
  This Awareness reminds all that in a dualistic system of belief one is
  either
  right or wrong.
  The ego cannot allow itself to consider that it might be wrong on what is
  held as its Truth and therefore holds that the conceptualization of the
  Div-nity
  of -od must be right the way they think it to be.
  Thus individuals are convinced that their versions of the -ivine, of G-d,
  are
  the correct observations and beliefs of this matter.
  This is further supported when they share a common ground with others who
  hold this conceptualization of Go-, for example, of -od being an old man
  sitting on a throne with his flowing beard and his flowing robes, judging
  each
  and every individual who comes before him.
  Many reject this concept now, for they have already expanded their
  conceptual
  understanding of the Di-ine. But there are many who still hold an old
  traditional
  belief of a demanding Go-, a punishing G-d, and a vengeful -od.
  These individuals in their beliefs will put out to others that they are
  right, and
  in the extreme would force others to believe as they believe.
  This was part of the development of man's understanding of the higher
  powers.
  There were times when people were put to de-th if they were heretics to the
  existing beliefs that were given at that time.
  Many, many, many millions of women were destroyed at that time, burnt at the
  stake because of their nature as the temptress, as defined in the deep
  beliefs
  and stories put out by these beings who held that very strict belief and
  conceptualization of G-d.
  This is no longer the case, but if certain social conventions were removed
  and these people were given ultimate power once again, these people who
  hold such drastic concepts of Go- as a vengeful -od they might indeed rise
  once
  again, due to dualistic thinking, due to their thought that they are right
  and


20110526-DK And David I. Part 2.-628.html[12/03/2022 10:27:26]
DK And David I. Part 2.

  others are wrong and those who are wrong must be shown the error of their
  ways, must be punished, and must be even tortured to renounce their
  erroneous
  thinking on this matter.
  If they were given unbridled power, they might again bring in such a
  scenario.
  But at this time the general level of consciousness and the thought
  regarding
  the Di-ine has indeed evo-ved to a much more liberal level that has much
  more
  tolerance than it once had.
  Yet there still are pockets of society and nations that hold older beliefs
  and more fundamental beliefs, that are trying to push their way ahead.
  Generally speaking, the more fundamental r-ligions, be they J-daic, M-slim,
  C-ristian or any other fundamental belief system, would still force the
  populace
  to believe as they, for they have the right of it, as they believe.
  This, of course, is erroneous but this is still how it is held.
  Ascension would see the dropping of such rigid dualistic thinking in favor
  of a
  much more expanded awareness.
  Those old conceptualizations of div-nity, of -od Itself would be seen
  to have simply been phases of thought; levels of thinking that defined the
  experience for those having that extreme experience at that time.
  In the society that exists after Ascension, such radical strict
  black-and-white dualistic thinking simply would no longer exist, as Unity
  Thinking and belief would have replaced such dualistic thinking.
  However, that which is planet B and the scenarios that would be available to
  planet B might well see a revival of such extreme attitudes and behavior.
  This
  completes this answer.
  Questioner: (Thank you) Can we go back to David I-ke for just a sec?
  Is he being protected in the sense that he's not "bothered" by the Powers
  That
  Be?
  Cosmic Awareness: He is being protected, but he must always be observant
  to the fact that he too must be somewhat careful about how he pushes.
  His level at this time is barely accepted by those Powers That Be, for they
  do understand to eliminate him at his point would make a martyr of him and
  many would become even more convinced that all that he has ever said, as
  radical as it seems to many, must be correct, for he was eliminated.
  Of course, another danger if he becomes too popular is that they might take
  him out in an airplane accident, even though hundreds of others might also
  d-e.
  It is to be remembered that those Powers That Be who have taken others
  out that have proven too dangerous to them are not concerned with the
  dea-h of several people or even several hundred people to achieve their
  ends.
  Therefore, even though this Awareness says that this entity is being
  protected, he cannot disregard the protocols of protection that exist
  around him by becoming too abrasive and too demanding that he be paid
  attention to.
  He is aware of this and therefore, generally speaking, although many know
  of him, keeps a fairly low level of attention on himself, and is low key in
  this manner although his voice is most definitely still being heard.
  Curiously enough, as this Awareness spoke earlier, the Interpreter did
  meet this entity several years ago and had the opportunity at that time to
  express to David I-ke the information contained by the Cosmic Awareness
  Communications newsletters and of the organization itself and even of this
  Awareness, and this entity has indeed gone to that which is the CAC site,
  and has even familiarized himself with information from the CAC newsletter
  and the information of this Awareness.
  He is a spi-itual being who is here indeed to fulfill a high purpose, the
  purpose of illuminating the truth for those who are seeking it.
  Paul-Thinks-G-d-Is-Crazy
  Questioner: Thank you, I just wondered. This next question comes from
  Paul Som-rville. He writes: "Something came to my attention that makes
  me think twice. Ma-thew and SaLuSa talk about Earth ascending. There
  should be an uplifting.
  Awareness seems to be saying the opposite, saying we may have to experience
  transmogrification or find portals and vortexes to go through. That sounds
  like
  Earth is not ascending and we have to take unusual measures if we want
  to escape.
  If G-d designed this planet A and planet B stuff, then I wonder if Go- is
  crazy. Earth should ascend and those mentally, morally or otherwise unfit
  should go elsewhere. Maybe we could find a portal for the I-luminati and


20110526-DK And David I. Part 2.-628.html[12/03/2022 10:27:26]
DK And David I. Part 2.

  push them through it.
  Planet B never made sense to me. Why should the Earth fail to ascend
  or any part of the Earth? What is wrong with the part that doesn't ascend?
  We don't need a continuation of the little Greys breeding like rats under
  Arizona or the Orion Reptoids shape-shifting to appear as humans. If the
  whole planet ascends, then the garbage gets flushed. Does -od really have
  a better idea? I doubt it.
  Love and light Paul." Comments please?
  Cosmic Awareness: This Awareness wonders if this individual has truly
  understood what this Awareness has been speaking about, that the Earth
  will ascend. This Awareness has never said the Earth will not ascend.
  This Awareness has always said that the aspect of Earth that raises its
  consciousness, and that is raising its consciousness, will separate from
  that stream of consciousness reality that will constitute the Planet B that
  will be a continuance for those who have no wish or desire to ascend at
  this time.
  This individual seems to fail to understand the eternal nature of the s-ul
  and its prerequisite to have many experiences in many different realities,
  even beyond that which is the reality of 3rd dimensionality on this planet.
  Because the so-l is multidimensional in nature and has millions, even
  billions, even an infinite amount of experiences in the various realities
  that
  exist within the mind of G0d Itself, Planet B is but a small little theme
  park
  to experience for those who wish to experience it, those who wish to
  play in this paradigm that defines the beliefs of a 3rd dimensional reality
  that
  is disconnected from its spi-itual nature.
  The G-d Essence does not condemn any aspect of the -oul or s-uls who
  choose to have experiences from ever returning back into the fabric of the
  sou-.
  The-purpose-of-sp-ritual-evolution-is-to-expand-Consciousness and the
  awareness on all levels.
  Thus, even the planet itself is seeking to expand her consciousness, her
  level of spiri-ual awareness of herself of itself as a planet that has a
  conscious identity and even that which could be understood as an
  expression of the so-l itself.
  Thus, in the efforts of the planet, of Mother Earth, of Gaia seeking to know
  herself at a higher level, she is moving towards that expansion into that
  higher frame of consciousness that is Ascension.
  The many who wish to be part of this can indeed partake in it and not
  all will pass through vortexes and portals. Many will simply continue their
  lives and may not even understand that an event occurred in the first place.
  What they will see and understand is that life has changed.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110526-DK And David I. Part 2.-628.html[12/03/2022 10:27:26]
