{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T14:33:52Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27111, "source_ctime_ns": 1790686608684800783, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111025-They-Are-Ready-To-Come-In.-938.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790686608682195827, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111025-They-Are-Ready-To-Come-In.-938.pdf", "source_sha256": "d59ce02da556c94e72261ed29d1f118a3509f8cf0e13ed107976ba847e695bf8"}

They Are Ready To Come In.


  Subject: They Are Ready To Come In.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 25/10/2011, 06:48
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: They Are Really To Come In.                              Oct. 24,
  2011.
     This say the space people are really for Disclosure.
  .........................................................
  .........................................................
  Ja-is
  From: Michael Q-insey [mailto:michael.quinsey@mypostoffice.co.uk]
  Sent: Monday, October 24, 2011
  SaLuSa 24-October-2011
  The speed at which matters are moving ahead, means that almost
  on a daily basis there is progress being made towards changes that
  will be for the betterment of all people. It will take time to manifest
  but the foundation has now been firmly laid in place. All issues apart
  form First Contact draw nearer and that gives our allies every
  opportunity to push for an early outcome. With the expected big
  increase in levels of consciousness following 11.11.11, the stage
  will be set for the outworking of the final needs to achieve success.
  It can no longer be delayed and you shall be aware of its
  commencement.
  The dark Ones are clearly in retreat, but do not go gracefully and
  would rather have their last attempts to create chaos. However,
  they will not have that pleasure as we are already aware of their
  plans. They are no longer entitled to the level of freewill that they
  have previously enjoyed. It is with joy that we intercede in their
  actions, and they know that their freedom is soon to be taken
  from them. Our allies with our help are gradually putting the
  dark Ones where they can no longer carry out the heinous
  acts. They are effectively being taken out of your society so
  that you may proceed unhindered with the work of the Light.
  We note that more people than ever are becoming aware of
  Ascension, and are seriously investigating what it will mean
  to them. Fortunately there are so many of you that are
  sufficiently enlightened, that they do not have to go far to find
  their answers. The fact that there is more than one time line
  allows them to consider a number of possibilities, and that
  will enlarge their outlook and understanding. Given time the
  whole picture will become clear, as we are also involved in
  making sure you all have a good idea of what is ahead of you.
  Changes there must be, but in the nature of advancement and
  progress to place you on the path to Ascension, and beyond.
  It is all part of your planned e-olution, and deep down you
  know this to be true.
  The period you are in now is for some unreal, as they are new
  to the idea of such far reaching changes. It matters not of
  which beliefs you hold, as the outcome will be the same, and
  you will learn more about the Supreme Creator and the G-ds.
  They have also been creators of all you see in your physical
  existence, and we talk of the beginning of your journey into
  the lower dimensions. As you are beginning to understand,
  there have been other Beings in more recent times who have
  also presented themselves as Go-s. In your history they are
  known as the Annunaki of the planet Nibiru, and responsible
  for much of the information that is held and used by r-ligious
  bodies. This is another area that we will clarify, and in so
  doing it will enable people to come together with common
  beliefs that reflect the truth.
  You do not yet fully realize how much you have been kept in
  the dark over thousands of years. Your reality has been
  fabricated by the I-luminati, who have led you to believe that
  you are so much less than what you really are.
  Yet to your credit, you have awoken to the Light that has
  steadily increased to bring you back to the true reality. As


20111025-They Are Ready To Come In.-938.html[12/03/2022 10:29:39]
They Are Ready To Come In.

  you can imagine you have a busy year ahead when the
  benefits will far out weigh any inconvenience you may
  experience. At least you have been warned as to what to
  expect, if by chance you find that you are in areas that will
  be subject to physical changes.
  With all that will be happening please remember that the higher
  reason is for your s-iritual ev-lution, and learn from your
  experiences as you go along. After all, you are still following
  your life plan and may yet have lessons to learn. However,
  after so many lives in the cycle of Duality, it would not be
  surprising if you had all but completed them. Ask yourself if you
  are able to live and work in the Light at all times, and can you
  look at another s-ul and only see the best in them. Treating
  others as your equal and acknowledging the Oneness of All
  Life. If you can, have no fears as to whether have lifted up
  your level of consciousness, as it would be quite apparent
  that you have.
  Finding your true self is most satisfying and enables you to
  live in the midst of the lower vibrations with ease and
  without being affected by them. Indeed, your very presence
  has the effect of transmuting such energies. You and
  thousands upon thousands like you, are giving of yourselves
  in service in this way. A kind word or just a smile can lift
  up another person for quite a long time. That is the power
  you carry often without realizing the potential you have for
  doing good.
  The financial woes continue to look serious in Europe, and those
  charged with finding a solution are not optimistic that they can
  find one. At best they can only put off the inevitable collapse
  that will quickly pass from one country to another, and the to
  other parts of the world, The answer does of course involve
  total change to a new system that puts a stop to the misuse
  of your money, and also safeguards its value. That is all waiting
  to come out as and when the right opportunity presents itself,
  and not before. So all we can ask is that you keep the solution
  in your mind, so as not to be distracted by any other happenings
  leading up to it.
  Dear Ones, we are pleased that after all of this time we can talk
  of how near events are to happening, that eventually will
  totally change your lives.
  Those who have followed the developments for many years, will
  of course be better prepared for what is about to happen. With
  Disclosure should come the freedom we seek to start working
  openly with you, and access to your media to broadcast the
  facts as to why we are here. May know already, but equally
  many have little idea as to what is about to change their lives
  so completely. We must initially be aware as to how well we
  are received, and be sure we have the majority of you accepting
  our help for you. Clearly we would much prefer to work openly
  than at a distance. In any event a lot that we will do will be
  directly from our craft, as we have no necessity to actually
  be upon the Earth.
  I am SaLuSa form Sirius, and ready to do my part as a member
  of the Galactic Federation teams that are poised to commence
  their work. We shall do everything as an act of Love, for you
  our Brothers and Sisters.
  Thank you SaLuSa.
  Mike Qu-nsey.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20111025-They Are Ready To Come In.-938.html[12/03/2022 10:29:39]
