{"created_utc": "2026-10-06T21:46:54Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27792, "source_ctime_ns": 1790790990072437794, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110528-Is-This-Earth-A-Prison-Planet_-632-64386f7400.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790790989915492433, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110528-Is-This-Earth-A-Prison-Planet_-632-64386f7400.pdf", "source_sha256": "3a8613e0f1c1d1990d40cbf15e2ce99ca873f069f30a1a417e82f5836126f0bc"}

Is This Earth A Prison Planet?


   Subject: Is This Earth A Prison Planet?
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 28/05/2011, 00:03
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Is This Earth A Prison Planet?
   May 27, 2011.
      This discusses a prison planet.
   ............................................................
   ............................................................
   Ja-is
   From: michael qu-nsey
   michael.quinsey@mypostoffice.co.uk
   Sent: Friday, May 27, 2011
   SaLuSa 27-May-2011
   Your progress continues to delight us, and our interest is in your
   collective levels of consciousness. How they have grown in a relatively
   short time compared to last century. It is this success that has placed you
   firmly upon the path to Ascension. It means that you have overcome the
   intent of the dark Ones to prevent your onward progress. Now you have
   realized that the power lies in your own hands, and it has largely removed
   the fear factor that was so essential to the dark Ones success. Their
   control over you is ebbing away, and there is no longer any way that they
   will regain it. That is an absolute promise from us to you, and very soon
   there will be actions that shall back it up. Needless to say, the last half
   of this year will be a great turning point in your lives.
   Suddenly worldly matters are indicating a positive move towards peaceful
   settlements of old differences and wars of recent times. That is how the new
   energies bring out the Light in those involved in such issues, and it is
   getting progressively harder for those who would rather perpetuate the old
   ways. It will go further when the g-vernmental changes can proceed, and then
   you will see real action combined with our coming. Because we are meticulous
   in our planning, what to you may seem impossible tasks to complete in such a
   short time to Ascension will present no problem to us. You asked for help
   and we are here to answer that call, and we have been di-inely authorized to
   contact you. Our coming together was always planned and is a natural step
   upwards, as your consciousness grows and rapidly rises towards our level. We
   were One in the past, and it is your destiny and right to join us to renew
   your journey through the higher dimensions.
   Sadly but nevertheless by their own choice, there are numbers of s-uls who
   are insufficiently awakened at this time to even grasp the significance of
   the coming times. However, they will be cared for and given great love and
   care to settle them into a new environment. It will not be far removed from
   this present one, so that they can continue to i-carnate into familiar
   surroundings. Then due to the cyclic nature of life, there will yet again
   come another opportunity to ascend. If your heart and love are with these
   so-ls, then you can serve them as we have served you for many thousands of
   years. The last time we walked on Earth with you in a peaceful period, was
   in Atlantean times long before its downfall. High states of s-irituality
   were reached and many of you were there to experience it, and now you are at
   a similar stage but this time you will ascend.
   The Universe also rejoices at your success, as it will complete the picture
   so that every part of it can ascend. Believe us Dear Ones, that your future
   is followed very closely, as the experiment you have been involved in has
   resulted in wonderful advances in your e-olution. Each one of you has been
   where many others would not wish to go, and endured tough and often wretched
   lives to experience duality. You did however know what a wonderful
   opportunity it presented to become a mentor to other sou-s, who might desire
   to tread the same path. Service to others becomes a natural ambition once
   you reach the higher dimensions.
   Having been earthbound for so long you have acquired a strong affinity with
   Mother Earth, which is why so many of you chosen to stay with her. It will
   be a grand experience to ascend together, and wonderful to see Mother Earth
   once again in all her splendor. If for example you decide to join us, then
   your life will be largely spent on board our great Motherships. In fact some
   are so large that they can easily replicate the surface of any planet. So it
   is like home-to-home and complete with other forms of life such as animals.


20110528-Is This Earth A Prison Planet_-632.html[12/03/2022 10:27:27]
Is This Earth A Prison Planet?

   They are no longer wild and have completely lost their primitive instinct
   for survival, as they live in perfect peace happiness. Such peace is a
   feature on all of our craft, and life is as satisfying as it could be
   anywhere else. The comradeship and partnership also includes families, and
   they have all that they could need for a happy and contented life.
   The Earth has been referred to as a prison planet and indeed that is what it
   became. However, it was Man who allowed the insidious tentacles of the dark
   Ones to gradually bring you into a state of control, so much so that you
   relinquished your power to them. Fortunately you woke up just in time to
   take back your power to decide your own future. In the space of just forty
   years you have brought so much to Earth it has re-created the grid around
   it, and it is soon due a great input of energy that will draw the new Earth
   nearer to manifestation. You are certainly not alone when it comes to
   preparing everything in readiness for Ascension, as there are legions of
   souls helping that are even from other Universes. It will be a memorable
   occasion when it occurs and many wish to be present to witness it.
   Tucked away in your homes it might seem that all of our talk is but a dream,
   but you will physically experience Ascension albeit your bodies will have
   been suitably prepared by that time. As so many of you have already found,
   the new energies are powerful and are affecting you in a number of different
   ways. That is your assurance that things are happening as we advise you, and
   we expect even more of you to begin to experience greater levels of
   consciousness. You will find a peace settling upon you that enables you to
   keep calm whatever the circumstances, a sure sign that you are making good
   progress. It will be like your experience of time speeding up, and be quite
   substantial as you edge your way towards becoming a Galactic Being.
   There are many wonders awaiting you, and the guarantee of world peace will
   set you all at ease. Then you can get together to appreciate the differences
   between you all that make you unique. With the understanding that you are
   All One the racial tensions and disputes will disappear, and r-ligion such
   as you know it will reform to be based upon the new truths that will be
   revealed. The One G-d will be accepted for all followers, and at a stroke
   remove what has proved to be the root of many problems and w-rs over the
   centuries.
   I am SaLuSa from Sirius, and guide you to the truth that must surface and be
   acknowledged if you are to unite.
   Thank you SaLuSa,
   Mike Quinsey.
   To "subscribe" to the ET First Contact List go to:
   http://treeofthegoldenlight.com/new_subscribe.html
   or
   www.treeofthegoldenlight.com
   and click on the "subscribe" button.
   John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110528-Is This Earth A Prison Planet_-632.html[12/03/2022 10:27:27]
