{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T15:40:05Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 28224, "source_ctime_ns": 1790719240844075561, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110723-We-My-Have-Lived-Several-Hundred-Lives-On-Earth.-752.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790719240827286113, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110723-We-My-Have-Lived-Several-Hundred-Lives-On-Earth.-752.pdf", "source_sha256": "2931d85c513a6e7dc772f4452dac22037e43e0e4d58c783dfe5f8df80a2aa3dd"}

We My Have Lived Several Hundred Lives On Earth.


  Subject: We My Have Lived Several Hundred Lives On Earth.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 23/07/2011, 06:33
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: We May Have Lived Several Hundreds Of Lives On Earth.                          July
  21, 2011.
    This suggests that we may have lived several hundreds of lives on this
  earth.
  ..............................................................
  ..............................................................
  Jan-s
  From: michael qui-sey
  michael.quinsey@mypostoffice.co.uk
  Sent: Wednesday, July 13, 2011
  SaLuSa 13-July-2011
  There are many conflicting ideas as to how the final months will proceed
  through to Ascension. Our answer to that is to suggest that you do not hold
  too rigidly to your present views. Be ever ready to move according to what
  you learn as new, and be assured that much will be happening very soon. The
  entire picture is not held by any one individual, and many contribute to
  your knowledge. Intuitively you should know what to believe. In time there
  will be no doubts at all, as we will be able to be more open by contacting
  the public through television and the mass media. Also the M-sters who are
  revered and whose word is respected, will walk amongst you once more. Be
  sure that by the time choices will have to be made, and people will know
  exactly what is at stake. Each s-ul will go within and become aware of their
  life plan, and if choosing not to ascend will have made a reasoned choice.
  Once people can grasp the importance of each so-l exercising its freewill
  and making its own path, they will realize that relationships for the
  purpose of earthly experiences are often only of a temporary nature.
  Therefore be prepared for friends or even family members to choose
  differently to you. Just imagine how many relationships you have experienced
  through several hundred lives on Earth. Wherever you travel you will find
  that many so-ls will recognize each other for that reason. The love
  vibration is the strong energy that keeps the link alive between you. When
  you meet your true family amongst your Space friends, it will certainly be a
  wonderful reunion and you will immediately recognize them. Some of you will
  meet before Ascension when you are invited aboard their craft, but that will
  not apply to everyone. When you consider these more personal aspects, you
  will realize what a wonderful time lays ahead.
  The Chaos on Earth is actually increasing as the dark powers try to ignore
  the eventual outcome. Doing so will not make their problems go away, but
  will ensure their downfall, and it will also result in the changes becoming
  more urgent, and the people will clearly see that nothing short of a
  complete change will provide the answers. You are nearly at the half way
  house, where you have to decide whether you want to remain in duality or go
  forward and ascend. We know some of you wonder how that can apply to
  children or babes, and we will tell you that their decision was made before
  they i-carnated. You might also question what the point is of them being on
  Earth for such a short period. The answer Dear Ones, is that they wish to
  link with their Earth family and it most likely means that they will go
  forward together.
  The Plan for this Universe is immaculate and your little Earth is so
  important to the final outcome. You have an affect on everything that is far
  greater than you could possibly imagine. Your vibrations are not helpful to
  the other Suns and planets and that bears little relevance to your size. It
  is the low vibration that can unsettle things such as their orbits, although
  it has to be said that the Light is at present the dominant force. We are
  doing all we can to keep it that way, and can assure you that we will
  succeed. When you come down to basics, you will understand that everything
  around you is energy in some form or another.
  The outpouring of energies that are being sent to Earth is achieving its
  goal of lifting you up. Many s-uls are noticing that they have slowly become
  much calmer, particularly when faced by circumstances that could easily have
  upset them. That is a sign that you are attracting the higher energies to
  yourself, and so it shall continue. As beacons of Light you are helping to


20110723-We My Have Lived Several Hundred Lives On Earth.-752.html[12/03/2022 10:27:59]
We My Have Lived Several Hundred Lives On Earth.

  transmute the lower energies, and hastening the time when they will have
  lost their power to dictate what takes place on Earth. Already it is
  declining and their frustration is showing as they hit out as a last
  desperate attempt to hold on to it. The Light grows faster and time is still
  speeding up, and that tells you how well you are doing in combating the
  attempts to deflect you from your path to Ascension.
  As individuals you find it hard to access how the changes are progressing,
  but know that we of the Galactic Federation are always engaged in some
  activities in connection with Ascension. Most of them are carried out beyond
  your sight or are so subtle that you would not notice them anyway. That is
  possible because of our advanced technology, and our ability to s-cretly
  monitor everything that is going in. One area that would interest you is
  where Chemtrails are concerned as we have been clearing them away, as we
  have done in the past to keep your skies free from n-clear fall out. That
  much we are allowed to do, as the dark Ones do not have it all their own
  way. Pollution in general is something that we have kept down, in both your
  interests and that of Mother Earth. When we can work openly and the actions
  of the dark Ones are brought to a halt, we will complete the cleansing and
  that will take next to no time.
  So you can see from the way we operate that you have little to worry about,
  as we are on top of the problems that beset you. We not only operate
  directly from our Spacecraft above your Earth, but also have some bases
  underground and on the seabed. Many have been in existence for millennia of
  time, and records of them exist in your ancient history. It is only in
  comparatively recent times that you have understood the meaning of such
  reports. Your flying shields, chariots, fiery balls and even G-ds have been
  reference to the activity of Space Beings and their craft. In truth we have
  always been with you, and helped you out of problems that might have had
  serious consequences.
  I am SaLuSa from Sirius, and we continue with our enlightenment of you, and
  you have come so far in a relatively short time. You have a good
  understanding of our place in your lives, and the ability to question what
  you are given. That we encourage as you should satisfy yourself that what
  you accept is in line with your conclusions. We never enforce our words upon
  you, but simply ask that you carefully consider what we pass on to you. You
  must know by now that eventually only the truth will remain, and every so-l
  will eventually reach that level of understanding through raising their
  consciousness. Keep going and the pathway will gradually become much clearer
  and free from obstacles.
  Thank you SaLuSa
  Mike Quin-ey.
  To "subscribe" to the ET First Contact List go to:
  http://treeofthegoldenlight.com/new_subscribe.html
  or
  www.treeofthegoldenlight.com
  and click on the "subscribe" button.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110723-We My Have Lived Several Hundred Lives On Earth.-752.html[12/03/2022 10:27:59]
