{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:36:22Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31006, "source_ctime_ns": 1790677479539859056, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110414-Dreamland-In-The-Rockies.-537-0d61c300ec.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790677479436219436, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110414-Dreamland-In-The-Rockies.-537-0d61c300ec.pdf", "source_sha256": "491d5b3ae49cce86f62b830aae78b26145d1a08e991a6ca734a9f6546b824f1c"}

Dreamland In The Rockies.


  Subject: Dreamland In The Rockies.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 14/04/2011, 15:02
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Dreamland In The Rochies.                   Part 3,         April
  13, 2011.
  This talks about things that are seen around Salt Lake City, Utah.
  ..................................................
  ..................................................
  The main differences between the hubrids and rebrids would be round
  pupils vs. slit vertical pupils; five fingers vs. four, external
  reproductive
  organs vs. internal; and crimson b-ood vs. the greenish fluid used by the
  Grays. Of course this "test" would not always apply to the "Chameleons",
  which may require an entirely different method of identification. Many if
  not most of the hubrids are unwilling s-aves of the reptilian grays, and
  are being forced to engage in p-ychic w-rfare against humanity, etc.
  Given the chance, the Hubrids and the Nordics who are sl-ves of the
  Reptilians will rebel).
  Some years ago I came across a reference to a "w-r" taking place as
  early as the 1940's within vast cavern systems below the Salt Flats in
  Utah.
    This apparently involved an i-vasion of human territories within
  "Dreamland" by a joint force of human s-rcerers working with reptilian
  hominoids.
  This underground "Cult of the Serpent" had re-taken possession of the
  ancient subterranean systems that the antediluvian Atlanteans had
  established below the east coast of the U-ited States (New York,
  Washington DC, Boston, etc.), and then had apparently invaded the
  Dreamland system itself. It is possible that these so-cerers were
  controlled by the Reptilioids and the Reptilian Infiltrators - like those
  "chameleons" that have been seen at the surface of the DOUGWAY
  m-litary installation of Utah, a facility which sits atop the Bonneville
  Salt Flats. It is also alleged that in the late 1930's or early 1940's
  Reptilian forces began moving their centers of operation from Central
  and South America and into the underground systems of the Southwest
  namely Mt. Archuleta/Dulce.
  The Dulce facility was apparently constructed originally (the lower levels,
  that is) by humanoids, and later taken over by the reptilian grays over a
  period of time, until the mid 1940's when the U.S. go-ernment gained the
  ability to track UFO flight paths and discovered the massive underground
  installations below the Dulce area. In order to remain hidden from the
  human public at large the Grays opted to make a "treaty" with this hybrid
  (U.S. & S-cret) Gov-rnment to buy time for them to take control of the
  minds of the human agents. They allowed the C-A to possess a few of the
  upper levels and expand them, but the base workers literally "lost their
  minds" to the Alien controllers via implantation. Below level-7 there were
  ancient tunnels that led to still deeper cavern systems - these the
  Reptilians
  retained for their own purposes. It is said that some of the returning
  extraterrestrial "Grays" joined up with the taller native subterranean
  Reptilioids operating deep below the Four Corners region, which had given
  the Grays access to the base network- These re-elations which I learned
  from THE DULCE PAPERS and several other sources merely confirmed my
  previous suspicions that my "underground dreams" may have been more than
  mere fantasy. Also I realized that I was indeed an implantee, and learned
  something that I must share with others who have likewise been implanted.
  Through the process of Divine Grace (connecting to the Life-Source of All),
  it is possible to use the te-epathic implants by which an abductee's mind is
  influenced or "controlled" by the Reptilian collective, and turn it back in
  their face, using it as a we-pon against them.
  The Reptilians are taking a chance by connecting humans into their
  collective
  via the implants, and I have found that it is possible to turn things around
  and
  use the implants to probe their darkest sec-ets, intimidate them, possibly
  communicate with the hybrids, and virtually raise all kinds of h-ll with the
  Reptilian collective mind... PROVIDING that all this is done under the
  direction of Di-ine Grace.
  Also, other confirmations of my "impressions" began appearing. A friend of
  mine who lives in central Utah yet who I will not name told me of an


20110414-Dreamland In The Rockies.-537.html[12/03/2022 10:26:07]
Dreamland In The Rockies.

  abduction that he had as a child (he and his sister often met the grays in
  the
  basement of their home, but retained no memory of what happened next).
  He told of having flashes wherein he saw himself in a disk flying over the
  Grand
  Canyon, and traveling through a vast cavern with an ancient city at one end
  and an elevator that ran up the wall, disappearing through the roof - also
  references to a Dulce-like base, hybrids and other memories similar to my
  own.
  I personally was drawing "plans" for an underground base below the 4-corners
  long before I had ever heard about Dulce.
  Other reports that came my way include the following: -- R.W. of Salt Lake
  stated that he entered a cave up on the bench of the western Rockies
  northeast of Salt Lake several years ago with a friend. Deep inside they
  saw an orange colored reptilian humanoid coming around a rock. They left in
  a hurry in absolute terror and never returned.
  -- Another young man, R.D., busted into a tunnel near the Crossroads Mall
  in downtown Salt Lake after pulling a locked manhole cover up with a chain
  tied to his truck, prompted by rumors of reptilians stalking tunnels under
  Salt Lake, reports that the activity under Salt Lake City is tied-in with
  the
  Groom Lake scenario, and stories of people who had disappeared after
  entering the tunnel labyrinth. Things he saw in the 3rd sub- basement level
  and below, during this and other explorations, included: a long tunnel with
  an ancient wooden door at the end; a room from which a greenish
  luminescent glow emerged; men dressed in suits carrying Uzi machine
  guns off in the distance who were walking through a large chamber; an
  apparently "bottomless" pit; and a large tunnel "big enough to drive a truck
  through" that was strung with lights and led southwest (in the direction of
  Little Cottonwood Canyon). In this large tunnel he saw unusual tracks in the
  dust made by some king of THREE-TOED biped creature (a reptilian?).
  Other stories connected with the CROSSROADS area: One man who worked in
  the tunnels was startled when he touched a tunnel wall and his arm went
  THROUGH the wall. Some time later he tried it again in the same spot and the
  wall was SOLID; a Spanish woman who worked nights on a cleaning crew in
  the Crossroads Mall quit her job after (what she could only describe as) a
  "d-mon" came around a corner, hobbled up to her, snarled viciously and went
  past her down the hall.
  -- A woman by the name of Barbara who worked as a hair stylist in Dougway,
  UT., stated that reptilians passing themselves off as human beings had
  infiltrated the adjacent Dougway base. She had seen ONE OF THE BASE
  C-MMANDERS transform temporarily before her eyes into a reptilian-like
  entity. These "chameleons" have also been seen working in the surface
  installations of the underground bases near Dulce, N.M.; Groom Lake,
  NV; Deep Springs, CA; and the Madigan facility south of Seattle. Sources
  have indicated that much of the Groom Lake alien-interaction activity has
  been extended into the Dougway underground and similar underground
  structures below Idaho. There are also reports of "androids" working at the
  Dougway base as well. The EG&G corporation, which does much of the
  hiring for the Nevada Test Site, is also very active in the Mil-itary bases
  near
  Dougway Proving Grounds.
  -- I.D. of Salt Lake City stated that years ago she had heard that workers
  excavating below Trolley Square, just southeast of Crossroads, had
  broken into strange "catacombs" underground.
  -- KS. of Salt Lake City reported an abduction near the Sugarhouse Mall
  district, southeast of Trolley Square, during which she recalls meeting
  with a man and a short "gray" in a huge underground room, in which she
  saw several other people - possibly abductees. She remembers, even in her
  partially- conscious state, becoming angry at the fact that this guy was
  giving her all kinds of instructions and recalls asking him who the he-l
  he thought he was by ordering her around like that... She said the man "may"
  have been human, but she was not sure. KS. was also told by another friend
  of an abduction that had occurred to him near this same Mall, during which
  the aliens removed and later re-attached one of his legs. Other friends of
  hers had told her of encountering para-humans [MIB types] up in the mountain
  canyons east of Salt Lake City, including the Parley's Canyon area... these
  encounters taking place in areas where large underground caverns or bases
  were supposed to exist. There have also been reported encounters with
  Nordic-like beings as well as with Reptilians in the canyons East of Salt
  Lake. In one case the Nordics politely asked one man via a tel-pathic beam
  from a cigar-shaped craft - fully visible to him and hovering above
  Emigration Canyon - if he would like to come with them...although the man
  refused the offer. Another man by the name of "Dan" was forcibly abducted by
  tall green-skinned Reptilians with large black eyes just to the north in
  City Creek Canyon (these canyons run from north to south beginning with City
  Creek, Emigration, Parleys, Big Cottonwood and Little Cottonwood).


20110414-Dreamland In The Rockies.-537.html[12/03/2022 10:26:07]
Dreamland In The Rockies.

  This indicates to me that there is a conflict of sorts in this area, and
  KS. did in fact tell me of a very vivid "dream" wherein she encountered a
  blond man in a b-ack "astronaut" uniform who asked her if she recognized
  him.
  Part 3.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110414-Dreamland In The Rockies.-537.html[12/03/2022 10:26:07]
