{"created_utc": "2026-10-06T20:10:46Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32350, "source_ctime_ns": 1790778975285366145, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111103-What-David-I.-Thinks-The-Reptilians-Look-Like.-950.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790778975280691690, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111103-What-David-I.-Thinks-The-Reptilians-Look-Like.-950.pdf", "source_sha256": "1a32c49e2c1cc13e1ceebe9d6b68f497b526260c74d52da2c33ad622c56a74dc"}

What David I. Thinks The Reptilians Look Like.


  Subject: What David I. Thinks The Reptilians Look Like.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 03/11/2011, 04:22
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: What David I. Thinks The Reptilians Look Like.                               Nov. 2,
  2011.
     Here is what David I. says about the reptilians.
  .............................................................
  .............................................................
  http://www.greatdreams.com/reptlan/reptile.jpg
  http://www.anw.com/kesara
  www.anw.com/kesara
  "Drawing by Kesara as described by Pamela S-onebrooke
  WHAT DO THE REPTILIANS LOOK LIKE?
  http://www.greatdreams.com/reptlan/repleo.htm
  King Leo: (This is one of the good types)
  Other Types
  The Reptilian Aliens which are called Reptoids are proportional in
  size to modern humans. They have a snake like or lizard appearance.
  These are highly advanced entities but viewed as being of a negative,
  hostile or dangerous disposition since they regard humans as a
  totally inferior r-ce. They would perceive us much the way we would
  perceive a herd of cattle. The information about these creatures
  varies from source to source. Supposedly they consider Earth their
  ancient outpost and want to have complete control over it because
  their planet is becoming unable to adequately support life.
  The so-called "Reptilians", or "Reptoids", is noted that there is
  no implication in these descriptors other than of intelligent,
  communicative persons. What distinguishes these "Reptilian"
  extraterrestrials is their skin, which has small, fine scales,
  rather than smooth, their face, which has larger-than- human
  yellowish-green eyes with a "starburst"-shaped pupil, the
  eyes often oval, and an almost snout-like blunt process in the
  area of the nose and mouth, giving this type an almost
  dragon-like humanoid appearance.
  Another group of extraterrestrials for convenience, I call the
  "Jawas", after their resemblance to the creatures in the film,
  Star Wars. This group is distinguished by their clothing. They
  wear hoods and robes, are generally short (three to
  four-and-a-half feet tall), and their faces are concealed by the
  shadows thrown by their hoods. Sometimes there is a much
  taller hooded and robed one on board the UFO, who often stands
  to the Experiencer's left as she/he lies on the ET medical
  examining table.
  This Tall One appears to direct the procedures, and often is
  the one who t-lepathically communicates with the Experiencer.
  A few Experiencers have noted glowing eyes under the "Jawas'"
  hoods.
  Other Experiencers have reported that when they got a glimpse
  of the Being whose face was shadowed by the hood, it was a type
  of "Gray". Still others saw neither glowing eyes nor "Grays"
  under the hoods, but rather never could distinguish the features
  in the shadows of the hoods. There are often mixed- ra-e crews
  on the UFO's. In such cases there could be "Jawas" or "Praying
  Mantis" types or "Reptoids" or "Grays", joining in a coordinated
  effort in carrying out scientific or medical tasks.
  Few Experiencers have noted robot-like figures, whose movements
  and "vibes" (or rather lack thereof) strongly suggest that these
  are robots sent remotely by the extraterrestrials to observe,
  reconnoiter, and possibly retrieve objects. The robot-like figures
  appear to be relegated to the more impersonal tasks of information
  - gathering and stealthy surveillance, without the risk to the
  extraterrestrials that they would otherwise run of possibly
  encountering hostile human responses.
  Upon closer looking, the experiencer was able to see the actual
  nonhuman face of the extraterrestrial behind the mentally-imposed
  "human" mask.


20111103-What David I. Thinks The Reptilians Look Like.-950.html[12/03/2022 10:29:42]
What David I. Thinks The Reptilians Look Like.

  Extraterrestrials are capable of producing 'screen memories' and
  what the abductee sees is not necessarily what is the true version
  of what has been seen.
  Few rac-s today have actually remained as pure genetic stock, with
  the exception of two -aces that the Andromedans say are really
  genetically clean.
  That is the Reptilians from Alpha Draconis, and the other is what
  we call, or know as the E-ohim, which are a very ancient r-ce of
  humans that survived Lyra.
  All other ra-es are a varied degree of hybrid or mixture of rac-s of
  different genetic stock.
  DRACO MOTHMEN
  In the constellation of Draco, there is another r-ce of entities which
  has in the past visited Earth. They are 8-foot-tall, dark, nocturnal
  aliens who appeared around graveyards and parks. They have red
  eyes that glow in the dark and wings to fly. They are referred to by
  us as Mothmen.
  They are also the source of legends of the past relating to gargoyles
  and Valkeries. Even some qualities of v-mpires have been taken
  from the qualities of this creature -- the ability to fly and nocturnal
  habits. The Mothmen have no particular influence on earth at this
  time other than as causing panic and a cause for curiosity. They
  are mostly hidden underground and do not wish to attract attention.
  R-LIGIOUS CONNECTIONS
  The Vedas divide the beings of the Universe into 3 basic
  classifications: The Buttahs: Being that dwells in s-iritual darkness.
  The person may be intellectually developed. The Buttah are normally
  associated with nightmares, abductions and the taking of small
  children. They usually come around at night. The Grey aliens who do
  abductions falls into this category. The Reptilians are also part of this
  group. They are usually not very physically attractive. Apparently long
  ago there was a visitation long ago by Buttahs called Wacshashas
  who were negative, powerful, aggressive beings.
  THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE REPTILIANS AND THE GREYS
  The most common encounter between Humans and Aliens appears to
  be with the beings called Greys. They are said to be about four feet
  tall and get their name from the color of their skin. They look
  insectoid in nature with large heads and large black eyes. They have
  limited facial features including a dot of a nose with a slit type mouth.
  They have no visible reproductive organs. It is reported that they are
  subservient to the Reptilians and appear to be a worker-technician
  class. Some people relate that they are cruel, others state that they
  appear benevolent In addition, they are supposedly here to ready us
  for our next step. The problem is that what the next step is, varies
  from one source to another. Some say that they are here to infuse
  new life in their dying species through genetic manipulation with
  human DNA. Others say that they are here as a scouting type party
  for a full scale i-vasion from the Reptilians. Another opinion is that
  they are here to help humans move to the next step of our
  ev-lutionary process.
  According to the Andromedans, the Greys are training us to fight
  their w-r against the Draconians (One of their m-sters) when they
  get here, because they are going to use us as their soldiers. Just
  like when our mi-itary sends in the infantry and marines, those
  implanted will be the first ones on the beach. While the Greys sitting
  back on board their ships, and wondering how the battle is going.
  They have chosen our world to be the battle ground.
  At the same time they are still going about preparing the earth for its
  new owners. Apparently, the Greys are going to make this attempt,
  but the* inevitable truth is that the Reptilians from Alpha Draconis
  are on their way here now. And this has very serious implications
  for us. We have boxed ourselves into a corner and the only way we
  can change the outcome is that we have to consciously become
  aware of what our world is really about, what's really going on here.
  WHAT IS THE PERCENTAGE OF ABDUCTIONS?
  According to Britain's highly respected UFO abduction researcher
  and retired police officer, Anthony D-dd, reports of Grays comprise
  about 75-80% of alleged encounters while Nordics, Reptilians and
  Praying Mantis types round out the other 20-25%.
  THE REPTILIANS VS THE RENEGADE MI-ITARY
  The renegade mili-ary-in-elligence units deliberately intimidate,


20111103-What David I. Thinks The Reptilians Look Like.-950.html[12/03/2022 10:29:42]
What David I. Thinks The Reptilians Look Like.

  physically abuse, and even gang-r-pe the civilians they kidnap. The
  extraterrestrials do not. (Although the psychological w-rfare division
  of the rengegade mil-tary-inte-ligence units, and their dupes who
  swallow their progaganda, put out lurid false stories in UFO
  magazines, books and internet newsgroups about "ra-ing
  reptilians" and other sci-fi comic book fantasies.)
  WHERE DO THE REPTILIANS LIVE?
  http://www.greatdreams.com/mojave.htm
  MOJAVE CALIFORNIA
  NEW YORK CITY - may prove that giant cavities exist in granite at
  depths of more than 11 miles, conclusions which have also been
  supported by Louis V. K-ng, a mathematician who calculated that, at
  normal temperatures, a cavity would exist at a depth of between
  17.2 and 20.9 miles. R. L. Blain-S-nders, in an article titled 'TUNNELS
  AND CAVERNS BENEATH NEW YORK CITY,' which appeared in the
  Fall, 1981 issue of SHAVERTRON, described the author's knowledge
  of a large triangular system of tunnels utilized by a 'M-sonic lodge',
  deep below the surface of New York City. There is in fact evidence
  that Dorr did dynamite shut the lower level of 'Kin Sabe' cave in
  Kokoweef Peak, and there are present-day attempts to break
  through into this underground system.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com'


20111103-What David I. Thinks The Reptilians Look Like.-950.html[12/03/2022 10:29:42]
