{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T14:25:44Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30640, "source_ctime_ns": 1790686488730964465, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110601-Re_Groom-Lake-scanner-audio-May-2011-60325.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790686488726842344, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110601-Re_Groom-Lake-scanner-audio-May-2011-60325.pdf", "source_sha256": "299f20ff8d3611bfed7647533dc1da063ee5ff60b76d19787bb164abf8a4b132"}

666. Part 2.


   Subject: 666. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 01/06/2011, 16:06
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

   Subject: 666.         Part 2.
   June 1, 2011.
      This gets into the subject of Ouija Boards.
   ................................................
   ................................................
                                        The-Clock-Of-The-Long-Now
   Questioner: (Thank you) We have something from Jon S-rongbow.
   It concerns the clock of the Long Now.
   He writes, "The Long Here and the Long Now is how musician Brian E-o
   describes life as the process of creating reality through the imagination.
   The Long Now Foundation is a group of brilliant people who are trying
   to put the 'what if' notion out into consciousness. What if Earth is not
   doomed? What if human life continues for thousands of years?
   What if we stop destroying the world and each other and try other
   approaches?
   The clock of the Long Now is a project they are currently working on.
   They are building a giant clock that when set into motion will keep time for
   10,000 years.
   The Long Clock was originally conceived by computer scientist Danny H-lls,
   as an alternate way of viewing time.
   Stewart B-and, the creator of the Whole Earth catalog, is one of the board
   members of the Long Now Foundation and has become a spokesman for this
   new way of seeing and looking at time and space.
   They are building this giant clock in the mountains of Texas and a second
   clock is proposed for Nevada. When I heard that people like En- and Br-nd
   were behind this, and Amazon.com founder Jeff B-zos, who is funding it, I
   was impressed.
   What a brilliant but simple concept to get people to think about things
   differently. I thought Awareness would get a kick out of it as well and
   possibly have some thoughts to share concerning such an undertaking." Your
   thoughts please?
   Cosmic Awareness: This Awareness gets a kick from this presentation of
   information, for the kick that this Awareness gets is that it supports much
   that
   this Awareness has often discussed and presented.
   The concept of focusing into the greater distance, the future 10,000 years
   into the future is one way of choosing a timeline towards which one puts
   one's energies and beliefs.
   If one presents the concept that there will be a future extending 10,000
   years ahead where humanity survives and prospers, then one will
   automatically start to direct their perception of reality towards this goal.
   They will begin to experience the timelines that take them away from the
   timelines that many occupy now, those that are largely controlled and
   governed by the actions of those who are directing humanity's beliefs and
   the
   focusing of their energies, their energies of creation.
   This new concept, which is not new at all, is one where those who are
   impressed by those individuals who are involved will gladly put their
   energies of creation towards the experiencing of a timeline that will take
   them
   there.
   Not literally that they themselves will arrive 10,000 years in the future,
   but rather they will be part of a collection of many who are adding their
   energies together, creating a new collective mind, and thus a new
   collective
   reality that would eventually lead humanity to this goal 10,000 years in
   the future.
   But at the same time, this Awareness says that this set of goals towards
   survival, towards making it to 10,000 years in the future, is one of the
   scenarios of Ascension that this Awareness has seen.
   It is a positive outlook to that which is happening in the times that are
   unfolding at this present time. The Long Now can also be understood to
   be the reflection of the moment that any and all live in.
   The Long Now could also be considered the short now; the short moment
   that one is alive in. This present moment that one is alive in is truly the
   only
   moment that can be energized.


20110601-Re_Groom Lake scanner audio May 2011-60325.html[12/03/2022 10:27:31]
666. Part 2.

   Thus, while 10,000 years from now may be an intriguing goal towards which
   to focus, one must still put one's energies into the present moment, the
   short Now, the Now of Now.
   In doing this one will then begin the more active creation of the experience
   of one's life, and even though one has a vision of the future that ensures
   mankind's survival, one must still survive at this present time.
   Thus by being aware that one truly only lives in the present moment,
   one can focus their attentions to this moment, holding that mankind will
   survive.
   This Awareness is mostly trying to say that by staying in the moment, one
   lends the energy of their creative nature towards creating in this moment
   all
   possible futures, including the future of the Long Now.
   This is a very appropriate future to stay focused on, for it will lead those
   who truly hold this to be so into the Ascension experience. This Awareness
   feels complete at this time.
   Questioner: If there are additional questions I'm sure the membership will
   write. Thank you.
                                               All-About-D-mons
   The next one comes from Larry K-ll.
   He writes concerning the "CloseZone program - De-onic Infiltration".
   He writes, "What is the source of dem-ons and how and why are they created?
   Don't we have plenty of challenges without them interfering with our lives?"
   An excerpt of this report is included.
   Cosmic Awareness: This Awareness does not require the excerpt.
   In many ways those realities that include concepts such as demo-ic forces,
   demon-c beings, is a highly creative consciousness that is focused on such
   possibilities that there are -emons.
   This is a highly focused level of consciousness that has been created
   through the C-ristianized philosophies and belief systems that have been
   perpetrated on humanity for approximately 2000 years.
   There are other systems of belief that also include concepts of e-il and
   d-mons and de-onic m-sters, such as Satan or Ahriman.
   This is part of dualism and dualistic thought that has been part of the
   human experiment from the dawn of time, but most particularly in the last
   2000+ years.
   The need to have dem-ns is one that is almost juvenile in nature, in that
   there is a need to have the bogeyman as a real part of one's life because
   the
   demons, the creatures of the dark, the bogeyman, represent the dark forces,
   the dark nature of ev-l.
   It is a dualistic thought process, a philosophical system of thought that
   demo-s then have a huge place in the order of things, and one can prove
   their devotion to the Light and to G-d by battling those demo-s, battling
   the
   shadows of darkness that are personified in the de-onic beings that many
   believe in, and that this particular site specializes in.
   Many would be offended by the words of this Awareness to state that
   demons do not truly exist except in the minds of the beholders.
                        Many-saw-Reptilian-Beings-on-the-Planet
   Demo-s originally came to be so because of the Reptilian Beings that were
   on the planet that many often would see.
   They had no way of understanding these creatures they were seeing, and
   due to the manipulation of thought and the dualistic conflict of good and
   e-il the Reptilians easily became demo-ic in nature.
   Indeed, if one looks at some of the Victorian representations of de-ons,
   one can see their reptilian nature.
   At this time as more and more are starting to become aware that the
   extraterrestrial beings that are Reptilians as that which may have founded
   the mythos of demo-s and dem-nology, one can start to discount more
   and more demo-s as being truly relevant.
   However, there still remains the fact that many who believe in d-mons
   will not be dissuaded that they do not exist, for one's belief system does
   create one's reality.
   Therefore, this Awareness presents this information to those who are
   willing to question these beings altogether, and who are willing to
   recognize
   that they may have been derived from the Reptilians that have been on the
   planet for eons, and if they are willing to understand this is all part of
   that which is dualistic thinking, where all of Go-'s energies are divided
   into the light and into the dark, each having representatives for the
   belief systems held.
   For example, while de-ons may very much represent the e-il forces of
   the dark, A-gels and cherubs and such represent the creatures of the
   Light at those higher s-iritual levels.
   If demo-s do not occur, then this Awareness would also have to say that


20110601-Re_Groom Lake scanner audio May 2011-60325.html[12/03/2022 10:27:31]
666. Part 2.

   ang-ls as well do not exist. But again, many would be challenged by
   this, as many believe in ang-lic beings.
   In some ways it is the beliefs that create these beings and give them
   validity.
   Therefore, while this Awareness could say an-els do not exist, de-ons
   do not exist, It is aware of the power of belief to create such, and
   therefore
   It does also say they do exist in a very real way for those who hold them
   to be so.
   All are simply different layers or levels of expression of consciousness
   that
   has a place in the human experiment of that which is the physical universe.
                                          Avoid-The-Ouija-Board
   Questioner: (Thank you.) Reference was made in the report that the
   Ouija board was responsible for creating d-mons. Is this in fact active
   with this de-on concept?
   Cosmic Awareness: This is erroneous. The Ouija board did not create
   dem-ns.
   Part 2.
   John Wisnton.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110601-Re_Groom Lake scanner audio May 2011-60325.html[12/03/2022 10:27:31]
