{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:18:31Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27843, "source_ctime_ns": 1790673972538856022, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110717-More-People-Are-Turning-To-The-Light.-739-0a01ba5a0d.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790673972529608600, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110717-More-People-Are-Turning-To-The-Light.-739-0a01ba5a0d.pdf", "source_sha256": "eb70777d683764004794aabf8f1193781b04196c5a361efbcd8545bfa568615d"}

More People Are Turning To The Light.


  Subject: More People Are Turning To The Light.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 17/07/2011, 22:12
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: More People Are Turning To The Light.
  July 17, 2011.
     It appears that more people are turning towards the light.
  ......................................................
  ......................................................
  Ja-is
  From: michael qu-nsey
  michael.quinsey@mypostoffice.co.uk
  Sent: Monday, July 11, 2011
  SaLuSa 11- July-2011
  As promised the cobwebs of deceit and falsehood are gradually being cleared
  away, and each day the r-velations grow. They show how the authorities have
  been corrupted, and the necessity to remove all of those involved. If you
  are ever to establish an honest and trustworthy establishment, it is
  obviously necessary to replace each person with those that are known to be
  right for the times you are in. Many of you have been groomed for such an
  occasion, and if you are not already working for the Light your time will
  soon come. We invite everyone to help in whatever way they can, even if only
  to send out Love and Light. Your contribution does not have to be special,
  as long as it comes from the heart and s-ul. As the Collective of Humanity
  you are in fact doing enormously well, and so the energy continues to grow
  exponentially.
  We see that people are no longer afraid of talking their truth, and
  confidence grows as each day takes you nearer to the commencement of a
  series of major events. As you must realize the waiting has to stop sooner
  or later, as the pressure upon the dark Ones is creating opportunities for
  our allies to move on. There comes a time when people have to bow down to
  the conditions around them, and concede that they no longer hold the power.
  Our desire is to signal the start of disclosure, so that the truth can be
  released as to the presence of our spacecraft, and then logically the
  personnel who operate them. You also need to be aware of the many contacts
  we have made, with both your p-litical and m-litary representatives for
  peaceful reasons. There will be many questions asked when it is revealed how
  many times we have attempted to bring world peace into being.
  Making contact with you is a most natural development as part of your
  growth. You have long participated in conquering Space, and it is now time
  to meet your Space family. You cannot in fact venture any further than you
  do now, as there is no way that you will be allowed to take your we-ponry
  outside of your Earths atmosphere. Enlightened Man will be able to do so,
  and indeed you shall join us in outer space. Our craft are not just for
  transporting us around, but are self contained for distant travels even to
  other Universes. Some of them have already been stationed near your Earth
  for about 50 years. We come and go at our leisure in smaller craft intended
  to travel in your atmosphere, and these are the ones you most frequently
  see.
  You are about to make a quantum leap into the future, and we are here to
  ensure it is a success. By now you should have a pretty good idea what it
  entails, but nevertheless we know it will still surprise you. Your rapid
  rise from out of the darkness into the Light is by no means complete, but
  all of the time you work on your own enlightenment you are accelerating the
  changes. Peace and contentment can be experienced by some individuals, but
  the goal is to lift up everyone in preparation for Ascension. Many paths
  lead to it, and they allow for each individuals own vision of how it will
  manifest. It does not matter what you believe now, except that you are ready
  for the great day when all will be played out as told you.
  The confidence of the dark Ones is fading fast as they can no longer command
  the obedience of their minions. Some are awakening to the Light within and
  making dramatic changes in their lives. That is not unexpected as many have
  been forced to work with them, and often there seems to be no way out. That
  is all changing and our allies are taking advantage of any weakness in the
  ability of the dark Ones to control their future. The great societies that
  the dark Ones have infiltrated will identify them and they will be


20110717-More People Are Turning To The Light.-739.html[12/03/2022 10:27:56]
More People Are Turning To The Light.

  discharged of their responsibilities. In this respect your U-ited Nations is
  no exception. S-crecy cannot be maintained under our watchful eye, and there
  are literally no hiding places that we are unaware of. In fact there are
  none that are impregnable, and we have the means to remove those individuals
  that continue to be a danger to the population. Once the D-vine Plan
  commences there will be much activity in many places of authority such as
  the P-ntagon.
  We ourselves sometimes tire of the continual bickering that goes on between
  your po-itical parties. There will be none of that in future as there will
  be a different system that makes for quick decisions in the best interests
  of everyone. There will be no hidden agendas, and all dealings will be made
  known so that people can have full knowledge of what is happening. We do not
  indulge in po-itics but have our Councils that are truly representative of
  all opinions. We have total trust in their enlightened decisions because
  there is no question of self-interest being involved. Your politi-al systems
  are corrupt and even ignore your own Laws and Statutes. They had to fail, as
  they would in any event have imploded upon themselves. It could have been so
  different but you did not have sufficient people of the Light, to maintain
  the levels you needed for a fair and just society.
  However, you have learnt a lot from being in duality, and it has
  strengthened your ability to withstand the negative energies. If you had
  not, it is doubtful that you could have reversed the trends towards
  self-destr-ction. Now you have the promise of changes that will provide a
  new life, which by comparison to your present one will be nothing short of
  hea-enly and blissful. Peace is settling upon Earth regardless of what you
  think, and the days of w-rs are almost over. Your fears are therefore being
  answered, and you can concentrate on the happy future that is rising up
  before you.
  Mother Earth quietly continues with her own cleansing, which is far from
  complete. Some major changes are being held back, and best allowed to
  proceed when we are with you and can openly monitor and control them.
  There is not as some believe the intent to destroy parts of the Earth, with
  the consequent de-th of many people. It is quite the opposite, and our
  endeavors will ensure that only those who arranged to leave the Earth
  before Ascension will do so.
  I am SaLuSa from Sirius, and pleased once more to have had the opportunity
  to enlighten you as to our present activities.
  Thank you SaLuSa.
  Mike Qui-sey.
  To "subscribe" to the ET First Contact List go to:
  http://treeofthegoldenlight.com/new_subscribe.html
  or
  www.treeofthegoldenlight.com
  and click on the "subscribe" button.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20110717-More People Are Turning To The Light.-739.html[12/03/2022 10:27:56]
