{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:52:47Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33465, "source_ctime_ns": 1790678164275444495, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110426-Weird-Experiences.-Part-2-of-2.-60173.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790678164274254244, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110426-Weird-Experiences.-Part-2-of-2.-60173.pdf", "source_sha256": "01970d011d605dc5ebe4a8def2d4dd4392849af9bdd02dce651a3fbdde57447c"}

Weird Experiences.


  Subject: Weird Experiences.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 25/04/2011, 22:46
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Weird Experiences.
  April 25, 2011.
     Here are some weird experiences that people seem to be having.
  ...........................................................
  ...........................................................
  Thanks for this, J-nis. I've been having similar experiences mentioned
  in this article. For instance, I've recently met people whom I've
  recognized instantly, but have never met before.
  I've also stopped at a coffee shop on my way to work. Then, when I tried
  to go back again, it wasn't there. Yesterday, there's a sign saying this
  coffee shop is coming.
  Anyone have any ideas what these incidents are about?
  To-i
  From: Janis G-lbreath
  To: wayfarer@janisg.net
  Subject: E-olving Beyond Linear Time
  An interesting dissertation on timelines
  Jan-s
  From: TRANSITIONS
  no-reply@wordpress.com
  Ev-lving Beyond Linear Time
  Den-se | April 17, 2011
  | Tags: 11-11 portals, 11-11-11 and entering Universal Society, 3D, 5D,
  Ascended Earth, Dark Ones, lightworkers, linear time, multiple Earths,
  ongoing ascension process, polarized consciousness, Quantum
  consciousness, starseeds, world reality expiration date | Categories:
  New Humans, New Earth | URL:
  http://wp.me/pnJS1-3kE
  On April 13, 2011 De-ora wrote in a Comment:
  "Hey everyone! Got a question about all the weirdnesses going on for
  each of us and for all of us collectively.
    On other non-sp-ritual/ascension sites, people are talking about what
  I can only describe as "timeline blips". One guy was talking about
  having talked to a very distinctive sounding guy about ordering a very
  specific package of software on Wednesday, ordering it, and then on
  Friday the distinctive guy calls again to order the software. The guy
  checks for the order he remembers placing and no order there.
    My point here is that I have had lots of little timeline blips like this
  sort of deja vu all over again but not really deja vu I *know* I did
  something and now it isn't done. The prevailing theory on this
  non-spirit-al website is that there are timeline blips because of multiple
  running timelines. I know that I have read that there are several
  possibilities at the *end* of this period, one where the dark ones go
  forward on the catastrophic timeline (3D), one were we all go off and
  live in happy spiritu-l communities (4D) and one where we are light
  bodies (5D). My personal jury is still out on this particular theory but
  I'd love to hear what everyone else says.
    Lastly, I guess I am also asking if anyone else is experiencing
  these blips and actually having to do something over again that you
  *know* you did only a few days before.
     Be well, stay centered and ride the energy waves!
     Love in light!"
     D-b
  This subject covers a lot of multidimensional Ascension ground but


20110426-Weird Experiences. Part 2 of 2.-60173.html[12/03/2022 10:26:12]
Weird Experiences.

  let's scratch away at it.
  Think of pre-Ascension 3D (third dimension) as a very narrow frequency
  band with highly specific and polarized energies and polarized
  consciousness all happening within linear time in dense physicality
  within specific cycles of time within specific locations in physical
  space. Having lives within physical 3D is like riding the most intense,
  dangerous, fastest, frightening and exciting ride at any amusement
  park anywhere. Life in physical 3D is like believing in Santa Clause
  and the Tooth Fairy because you have amnesia to ALL that naturally
  exists beyond the narrow band of physical 3D. What would be the point
  of i-carnating in 3D physicality if you consciously remembered that
  the Tooth Fairy and Santa don't really exist? So, to get the highly
  polarized full effect, and hopefully the different s-iritual learning's
  and impact from lives lived in physical 3D, our Higher Self helps
  us put on awareness blinders and descend into linear time with
  amnesia when we enter 3D physicality so we can deliberately forget
  everything that exists elsewhere including the greater aspects of
  ourselves. This way we can focus entirely within the physical
  polarized 3D ride within linear time.
  It is the compressed Ascension Process that's breaking apart the
  stuck old polarized linear 3D world we all in-arnated into because
  we've reached the Expiration Date for this polarized physical 3D ride
  on this Earth. This Expiration Date (the end date of the Maya Calendar)
  is a built-in safeguard so the Dark Ones many who've also become
  lost within this ride would not continue controlling, limiting and
  destroying the species and planet and much more. Freewill of course,
  but within a time-limit because Source/The All That Is ain't stupid!
  Polarized consciousness thinks in highly polarized ways, so people
  typically think and believe things are b-ack/wh-te, good/bad, either/or
  etc. Sometimes they think in those old polarized linear ways about
  the Ascension Process and this is why many run into difficulties
  trying to comprehend which "reality", which "world", which "Earth"
  etc. will be the one. The truth is that there will be (and are already)
  two primary Earth worlds and timelines born out of the Ascension
  Process and its Expiration Date. Actually there could be many, but
  lets focus on the main probable Earth worlds that are manifesting
  out of the Ascension Process and Expiration Date.
  EARTH # 1, EARTH # 2, EARTH # 3...
  1.) This is the NEW 5D Ascended Earth that's been taken back from
  the Dark Ones, cleansed, transmuted, Rewired, relocated and
  repositioned to house vastly more Light and Unity or High Heart
  Consciousness. This Process hasn't completed yet and is still
  unfolding today, albeit at a very accelerated pace from 2011 on. This
  NEW Earth is a non-polarized unified 5D Earth world and reality that
  exists within an entirely NEW timeline in a NEW location in space. It
  exists within a dimension that can perceive and be quantum, as
  opposed to strictly linear, ( and its Ascended/e-olved inhabitants won't
  be handicapped with awareness blinkers and amnesia but will naturally
  have a much larger multidimensional consciousness and perspective
  well beyond polarized linear time and space.
  1. a) There will exist a wide range of s-uls on this NEW Ascended Earth
  world and dimension. However, everyone must be functioning within a
  specific higher frequency range to even be able to reach and exist on this
  NEW Earth world. There will be a hierarchy of people (those Stair Steps)
  who are much more familiar with functioning beyond the old 3D polarized
  Earth ride of old that will be the NEW Teachers, the NEW Guides, the
  NEW multidimensional Assistants etc. Everyone will exist within a
  tremendously higher frequency 5D Earth world with unified hearts and
  evo-ving unified consciousness, but there will be a wide range of so-ls
  existing, working, growing and evol-ing within this NEW 5D Earth world.
  2.) The old lower frequency polarized patriarchal controlled 3D Earth world
  has separated from the #1 Earth world and reality. It's done so because
  those people have no interest at this time in utilizing the Cosmic and
  Galactic Light Energies now available to everyone to ev-lve/ascend. Those
  people still desire or need to ride that particular dense, polarized, linear
  reality ride so they will have an appropriate world in another space, in
  another timeline to do exactly that. It just will not and cannot be the
  same Earth, the same world, the same reality or the same frequency
  band that Earth #1 is. A lower frequency cannot co-exist within a higher
  frequency so there are two, three, or however many realities/worlds
  created that are needed; one for each level and group of sou-s to
  continue learning and evol-ing within.
  3.) There may be a third Earth-like world reality born out of the current


20110426-Weird Experiences. Part 2 of 2.-60173.html[12/03/2022 10:26:12]
Weird Experiences.

  Ascension Process and Expiration Date that has far less polarized extremes
  in it. It will probably still have polarity for those -ouls who want or
  need to learn within a polarized world reality, but it will be less negative
  and controlled than the current falling patriarchal Earth world we
  inca-nated into. In other words, the Dark Ones/e-ite will not control this
  probable polarized world as they have in the 3D world we incarn-ted into.
  4.) This Earth-like world is one I've c-airvoyantly seen and felt working
  very hard to build and form itself throughout my entire lifetime. It's a
  totally negative, dark world where humans are looked upon exactly as
  most humans has viewed cattle, pigs, chickens etc. as sources of food
  and beasts of burden. The humans on this world are treated with utter
  disrespect and they don't even know it. There is no freedom whatsoever,
  they've been severely altered genetically, most are implanted with
  certain machines to further remove them from their spiri-ual true selves
  and Source/All That Is awareness plus make them even better little
  worker automatons 24/7.
  This probable world is so e-il, so dark and totally controlled by the Dark
  Ones and there is no Light at all in it. It is the extreme polar opposite
  and humanity is seen by the Dark Ones as deficient in every way. It's an
  el-tist world where humans are the planetary food and fuel source and
  beasts of burden slave labor. The humans have been so thoroughly
  deceived by the Dark Ones that they believe being implanted with
  high-tech machines is special and therefore makes them special and
  more valuable. Of course all it really does is make them less human,
  less conscious, more trapped, and more easily controlled by the Dark
  Ones.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20110426-Weird Experiences. Part 2 of 2.-60173.html[12/03/2022 10:26:12]
