{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T08:01:44Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31284, "source_ctime_ns": 1790668047899449492, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110909-Is-Comet-Lenin-A-Mother-Ship_-Part-2.-852-04ec0ab52e.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790668047893015445, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110909-Is-Comet-Lenin-A-Mother-Ship_-Part-2.-852-04ec0ab52e.pdf", "source_sha256": "be2d7b3fa046db36463c63865c4711a5d27c0bfd14623e7a86caa8fdb337c531"}

Is Comet Lenin A Mother-Ship? Part 2.


  Subject: Is Comet Lenin A Mother-Ship? Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 09/09/2011, 15:40
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Is The Comet Lenin A Mother-Ship? Part 2.
  Sept. 9, 2011.
     This explains some of the functions of Elenin.
  ................................................................................
  ................................................................................
  The impact of the Mother-ship of the Galactic Federation, known as Elenin,
  will
  not be at the gravitational level, as it has been intentionally disseminated
  by
  N-SA specialists, but at the high-frequency levels, which currently cannot
  be
  measured with material instruments. In this respect all astronomical data
  that
  have been given by NA-A are irrelevant.
  I have proved in my scientific books that there is an upper limit of
  discrimination,
  which material devices cannot overcome. This is the famous Planck's constant
  h,
  which is the smallest quant of energy that can be currently measured.
  This fact is in the center of present-day failed quantum mechanics and is
  known
  as the Heisenberg; Uncertainty Principle or the Copenhagener Interpretation
  of
  the breaking of the wave function. I am quite specific on this issue in my
  answer
  to you, as I want to counter-balance the scientific f-aud of NAS- with sound
  scientific arguments.
  The Planck's constant is the basic action potential of the electromagnetic
  spectrum. All the information, which humans acquire from the universe, is
  limited to the electromagnetic spectrum.
  This is illustrated by the constant speed of light c, which is the carrier
  of all
  information at the micro- and macro-level. However, the high frequency
  realms
  are not limited by the speed of light. Their simultaneity and synchronicity
  is
  the proof that all energetic interactions in these realms occur immediately
  without any speed limitation.
  The limited speed of light is the basic camouflage for the hallucinatory
  perception of 3d-space-time by the narrow human senses. In this respect
  -ASA only reiterates the global human illusion as to stir confusion and
  create
  new fear with respect to the End Times. It is very important to understand
  this fear-mongering strategy of the dark C-bal, as it will be the greatest
  hindrance
  to Ascension in the coming days.
  Before I proceed with my elaboration on the positive effects of Elenin, one
  last proof for N-SA's policy of fr-ud. Several days ago, the Orion Empire
  launched a massive n-clear strike against Elenin, as I was informed by the
  causal worlds. The missile exploded in the stealth shield of this
  mother-ship
  of the Galactic Federation, but had no effect on its orbit.
  There was a huge explosion that was observed by many astronomers. To
  cover-up this attack, the Ca-al p-opaganda of the paid de-eivers in NA-A
  announced last week that Elenin will intercept with the coronal mass
  ejections from the sun and this will cause an explosion three days later.
  How did they know it in advance, except that they were informed about
  this assault, is not explained. And how such a singular explosion could
  occur with the sun flares physically remains still a mystery. NAS- has
  given no explanation to it. This is the greatest nonsense that has ever been
  distributed in the mass me-ia, and it defies any reasonable scientific
  mind. But this latest awkward frau- also shows in what a precarious
  situation -ASA currently is.
  Now back to my sound scientific explanation of Elenin's impact. As I said
  already, all our information comes from the electromagnetic spectrum,
  Humans are essentially "eye-animals", as I call them. This holds true for
  all astronomic information. This information is systemically flawed. What
  all humans still do not truly understand, is that there is no difference


20110909-Is Comet Lenin A Mother-Ship_ Part 2.-852.html[12/03/2022 10:29:21]
Is Comet Lenin A Mother-Ship? Part 2.

  between electromagnetism and gravitation.
  I have proved this for the first time, after I discovered the Universal Law.
  The
  proof can be found in volume I and volume II on physics. But I can explain
  the
  unity of electromagnetism and gravitation with a simple example.
  The Germans developed the magnetic train in the 70s, but never realized it
  in this country. The company that developed this technology comes from
  Munich, where I live. However, they built the first and only magnetic train
  in
  China, Shanghai. This train is based on the following energetic principle:
  Huge magnets establish alternating electromagnetic fields between the
  rails and the body of the train, which are opposite in direction to the
  gravitation and offset its force. The train is elevated and slides like a
  hovercraft without any resistance upon this electromagnetic field.
  This is a simple practical example which shows that the two forces are
  interlinked precisely, they are manifestations of one primordial energy,
  which is All-That-Is. This is the basic statement of the new physical theory
  of the Universal Law.
  At this place I must make your readers aware of the fact that according to
  the standard model, which is the most advanced theoretical model of
  present-day f-iled physics, gravitation cannot be integrated with
  electromagnetism and the other two fundamental forces.
  This i-norance of conventional physics brings into a focus all the bogus
  argumentation of NA-A with respect to the effects of Elenin. This
  ign-rance can also be seen in W-kipedia, which does not mention in its
  essay on gravitation that this force cannot be integrated with the other
  three fundamental forces in the standard model. Everywhere, one looks
  upon a topic more closely, one only finds igno-ance. This is the deplorable
  situation on earth prior to Ascension.
  Hence the necessity for the new Theory of Ascension of the Universal Law
  to reach finally humanity.
  Elenin's First Function
  The actual effect of Elenin will be in the high frequency astral levels,
  beyond
  the detection of material instruments, which are limited to the
  electromagnetic
  spectrum. In the first place, it will augment the wobbling of the earth,
  which
  is in a process of mitosis, to use this term from biology, describing the
  division of growing cells from the original one. The same phenomenon is also
  observed with earth in the End Times. This wobbling of the earth has begun
  after the last portal 10.10.10 was opened and is now gaining momentum. The
  earth wobbling causes the split of the two earth versions - the ascended
  earth
  A and the catastrophic earth B. This wobbling will reach a preliminary peak
  after
  October 16, when Elenin is nearest to the earth and will subside in the
  following months. This peak will lead to significant consequences for
  mankind
  and earth, which I will discuss below.
  During the time between October 16 and November 11, the veil between
  3d-space-time of earth and the high frequency realms of the so-ls, defined
  as 5th and higher dimensions, will become very thin for a short period of
  time.
  During this time, Elenin and the other cosmic forces that manage the
  Ascension of our planet will establish numerous interdimensional portals on
  many places on earth. These portals will remain throughout the next
  year, when mass Ascension of humanity is scheduled to take place in
  December 2012. Some of these portals will stay after that and will link the
  catastrophic earth B with the ascended earth A for some time, so that
  some laggards will still have the possibility to ascend after mass
  Ascension.
  They will be like a driver on a highway, who has missed the right exit and
  takes the next one, but still arrives at his final destination with a minor
  delay.
  Purely for this reason, the period between October 16 and November 11,
  2011 is the ideal time for the First Wave of Ascended human M-sters to
  take place. This is will be the most dramatic event in the history of
  mankind.
  It will be the actual "First Contact" with us - we will encounter us for the
  first time as immortal, multidimensional beings. This insight will
  profoundly
  change human perception of mankind as a transgalactic civilization. The
  subsequent appearance of representatives from the Galactic Federation,
  the Inner Earth Agartha, etc. will be of secondary importance, contrary to
  the current aspirations and expectations of many light workers.
  With the First Wave of Ascended Ma-ters, the Time of R-velations will begin.
  Mankind must be informed about the insidious role of the Powers That Be
  from the Orion Empire that have controlled this planet and humanity for more
  than 10,000 years. The collapse of the financial system, the stronghold of


20110909-Is Comet Lenin A Mother-Ship_ Part 2.-852.html[12/03/2022 10:29:21]
Is Comet Lenin A Mother-Ship? Part 2.

  these dark forces, will precede this event and will contribute to their
  demise and expose.
  Elenin's Second Function
  In this respect Elenin will be also a relay station for some ascended human
  entities, before they establish themselves firmly in the 5th dimension and
  help
  prepare the already existing blueprint of the new humanity for the arrival
  of
  billions of ascended human beings at the end of 2012. From this
  mothers-ship,
  the members of the Galactic Federation will be also able to lower their
  frequencies and to acquire a human-like light body that will enable them to
  communicate with the earth people. Since most of these galactic
  civilizations
  dwell in the 8th and higher dimensions, it is very difficult for them to
  lower
  directly their energy as to appear in a physical vessel on earth. They need
  such
  relay stations as Elenin to perform their energetic transformation in a
  stepwise
  manner.
  This is the second function of Elenin in the public manifestation of the End
  Times on earth.
  Part 2.
  John Winston          johnfw@mlode.com


20110909-Is Comet Lenin A Mother-Ship_ Part 2.-852.html[12/03/2022 10:29:21]
