{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:07:46Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31552, "source_ctime_ns": 1790683391311243976, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110531-Weather-For-June.-Part-2-of-2.-641-12fd1e4583.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790683391302305890, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110531-Weather-For-June.-Part-2-of-2.-641-12fd1e4583.pdf", "source_sha256": "272db8db4f783a5ac1f0b631370c15cacc26dcc9a52f7b6558b48b6b80b8fd70"}

Weather For June. Part 2 of 2.


   Subject: Weather For June. Part 2 of 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 31/05/2011, 23:21
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Weather For June.                               Part 2 of 2.
   May 31, 2011.
      This shows how to make a protective shield around your body.
   ..............................................
   ..............................................
                If one insists upon studying these things, d-mons and e-il
   thoughts
   will come into the mind and even into materiality. Ev-l is not just a
   r-ligious
   word, it is an actuality, created by beings who turned their G-d-given
   abilities
   into a system of obtaining power - power they are trying their best to
   expand
   into your universe and others nearby. To call a human being evi- is a
   misnomer, for no i-carnated s-iritual being can ever approach the meaning
   of that word, unless one of the fallen a-gels has been able to fall into
   flesh,
   which is rare.
              Your own thought patterns set up fields of protection against
   such -vil
   beings. One cannot dabble in b-ack magic, and then call out to -od for
   protection from the de-ons! The decision has to be made, one way or the
   other. Whatever you think, you create. Can you create your own dem-ns?
   Absolutely. They will probably be a poor substitute for the real thing,
   though.
              Remember the old saying Be constantly in p-ayer? This is another
   way of saying to keep your thoughts on a high level of love, caring, and
   giving.
   Many people talk to G-d all the time, or to their An-els, knowing they are
   heard and knowing what they need is being created for them in their best
   interest. This frame of mind itself creates a mighty wall of protection
   that
   evil ones cannot even begin to breach. We have said many times that fear,
   anger, guilt, and resentments build a wall between you and Go-; that is
   correct. Complete protection against any form of ev-l can only be
   accomplished when there has been complete forgiveness for real or
   imagined assaults, complete trust in Go- for protection, and complete,
   unrestricted love for all beings.
              The fear, lust for power and greed in the world, today have
   created
   situations that leave many people in fear of their lives. Those who know
   truths that others in high places do not wish to be known find themselves
   in dangerous situations. Let us make this very clear; the mental creation
   of a Shield of White Light, when fully understood, is an extremely powerful
   wall of protection! However, it must be created with the full understanding
   that you are calling upon the most powerful forces in the universe to
   surround you with that protection, not just a light. Intensify that Light
   until you can really feel that power, then relax and let it be. If you feel
   under any kind of threat, put up that power around you.
           This power consists of Creative Love, the actual Power of -od.
   There is nothing that can break through that wall, unless you allow it to
   do so. Know that your understanding and creation of that Light must
   come from perfect trust; one negative thought of disbelief will destroy
   your wall of protection. Trust in the L-rd is a powerful set of words; in
   this world of skepticism and suspicion, it is hard to do. Practice this
   Trust, especially now. You all have need of that sp-ritual protection as
   you go forward to help teach and heal. Those of you who c-annel need
   very much to allow only the highest thoughts from Universal Mind to
   come through that Light, and they will. Can this actually stop someone
   from harming you? Yes. Yes. Yes. Such an intention by anyone will
   come up against an entirely different emotional vibration that will make
   them back off.
   Even animals are affected by the Shield of W-ite Light they feel it even
   more and recognize it as a strong deterrent to their hunger or anger.


20110531-Weather For June. Part 2 of 2.-641.html[12/03/2022 10:27:29]
Weather For June. Part 2 of 2.

              How does one use this to protect against the danger of falling
   buildings, fire or flood? How long does the field last?
                   Ordinarily, the Shield of Wh-te Light lasts as long as the
   person
   needs it. This is determined by your inner Higher Self. If there is a
   continuous dangerous situation of any kind that you wish protection
   against, it will stay in place constantly. On the other hand, this has a
   lot
   to do with your own belief and trust in this protection.
   Many people jump in and out of belief systems and practices, as they
   would a change of clothes. A Whi-e Light that is created for a specific
   purpose fades away if and when that person either has no further
   conscious need of it or if, for some reason, their faith in such protection
   is eroded by someone telling them it is nonsense. Your trust, your f-ith,
   your knowing, is the fuel that creates and keeps in place that beautiful
   Light of Protection.
               Do you really need to go around with this concentration of
   creating
   such a force field all the time? Of course not. You do have an inner
   warning
   system, remember. If you have learned to listen to inner guidance, it will
   tell you when you need to put up your Spiritual Shield. To those of you
   who live in areas of earthquake activity or near a pregnant volcano, it
   might
   be well, just for your own peace of mind, to set your Shield into place each
   morning. Can a Spiri-ual Shield keep a house from falling on you? Of
   course not. The Spi-itual Shield does work with your inner warning system,
   however, as it picks up vibrations from all around you, activating your
   inner
   guidance to warn you of danger. Then, it is up to you to get away from the
   source of the danger. Ultimately, it is up to you to take care of
   yourselves;
   this Spirit-al Shield is given by G-d to protect you from negative
   vibrations
   and to alert your warning system.
              Can you protect someone else with your Shield? No, the Light is
   a
   very personal thing. You can set into place a Shield of Whi-e Light around
   another person, especially when they are ill or in danger they might not be
   aware of, but only if their conscious mind accepts the concept of such
   protection. Most people can feel the difference in the vibrations around
   them when this is done. If, for any reason, they feel uncomfortable with
   it,
   the Shield will dissipate. It is better to let the person know what you
   intend to do and why, so they may relax and accept it. Many people feel
   unqualified to be able to do such a thing and ask someone else to do it for
   them. As long as they can accept what is being created, it will work.
                   Can one draw others into your own Shield of Light? The
   circumstance varies quite a bit. In the case of a sudden emergency, pulling
   someone to you, touching your body closely, will encase them in this
   protective element. A mother holding a child, especially, will always
   provide
   that extra protection for the child, or for any person who is not able to
   think
   clearly for themselve.
              There is more to this than simply creating a Living Wall of
   Light; there
   is the matter of working with that Light. By this, we mean that human
   beings have a way of accepting into themselves whatever they see, hear or
   feel. It is the duty of the nerves in your bodies to be actively alert to
   feed all
   sensory perceptions into your minds and bodies. You cannot turn all of this
   off, of course, for then you would be dead. However, you can censor what is
   accepted into your mind. Unwanted emotional perceptions of people or
   circumstances that create intense fear can be blocked with the help of the
   Shield of Light. If or when such emotions of fear start to build up in the
   emotional field, draw upon the light vibrations in your Shield to come into
   your bodies just below the Heart Chakra. That Light of Love will transpose
   the negative emotions into strength and self-confidence; emotions that
   you can work with to deal with any uncomfortable situation.
              The coming months and years contain many challenges to humanity,
   the animal kingdom, and Mother Earth herself. The new balance that must be
   found is what this is all about. The constant, fluctuating frequencies that
   are hitting your bodies and minds are part of the seeking for balance of a


20110531-Weather For June. Part 2 of 2.-641.html[12/03/2022 10:27:29]
Weather For June. Part 2 of 2.

   new frequency for the Earth. As the inner core of your planet is pushed
   this
   way and that, rocks heat and cool, fractures permit new positioning of the
   in and outer mantels, all is in a constant striving toward this goal; just
   so
   are your bodies undergoing changes and stress as they seek the new
   frequencies.
              Use the Shield of Light as a tool to keep you in balance and as a
   sign
   of the certain Love of G-d always around you. Most of you are aware that
   your direction has already been decided before you came into this lifetime
   and no matter what happens, you are well prepared. Bring into the months
   and years ahead your inner power, your inner wisdom, and your inner strength
   to every circumstance and you will have succeeded in your purpose for
   living.
   ***********
   In order for new readers to have their e-mail addresses added to the
   distribution list to receive the Newsletter every month, please do the
   following:    Send a blank e-mail from your own e-mail address to:
   ruth_ryden_newsletter-subscribe@yahoogroups.com
                                                   Then just send. No message necessary.   Yahoo
   will send
   confirmation.
                      Telephone: 928-474-3515
         Or to my mailing address:
                                 Ruth Ryden
                                 2806 N. Apple Lane
                                 Payson, Arizona 85541-7328
   Part 2 of 2.
   John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110531-Weather For June. Part 2 of 2.-641.html[12/03/2022 10:27:29]
