{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T10:58:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 26894, "source_ctime_ns": 1790713535085526632, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111023-What-Does-An-Bigfoot-Like-To-Eat_-934-2ad431ad3e.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790713534325256779, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111023-What-Does-An-Bigfoot-Like-To-Eat_-934-2ad431ad3e.pdf", "source_sha256": "8c7766ed368862aa4002eee97efcb792755855eb5efeff675029667623974e92"}

What Does An Bigfoot Like To Eat?


  Subject: What Does An Bigfoot Like To Eat?
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 23/10/2011, 05:17
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: What Does A Bigfoot Like To Eat?                                Oct.
  22, 2011.
     Here is what a lady feeds some Bigfoots.
  ............................................................................
  ............................................................................
  Bigfoot proof lacking; women states she feeds local Bigfoot blueberry
  bagels
  There are new claims of bigfoot encounters -- in Siberia and rural
  Michigan -- that will likely add to the debate over whether the creatures
  really exist, although neither holds the smoking gun of a photograph,
  tissue sample or other scientific evidence.
  A group of Russians claim a living "snowman" roams the cold Shoria
  Mountain area of southern Siberia. Meanwhile a woman in Newaygo
  County, Mich., told Discovery News that she has been interacting with
  and actually feeding a large family of close to 10 Bigfoot-like creatures
  who live in the woods near her home for the past two years.
  "They get fish every day, a bucket of fruit, a bucket of dry dog food,"
  said Robin Lynn Pfeifer, a 47-year-old resident of Newaygo County,
  north of Grand Rapids. "Their favorite thing is blueberry bagels. If
  I'm not baking them, I go to different stores to buy them. I tell them
  they are feeding the wildlife."
  She said she has collected casts of many large footprints, but says
  the creatures are too shy and too clever for her to get a photograph.
  She describes the Bigfoots as ranging from six to nine feet tall
  and looking like humans, except for hairy coats and broad noses.
  "The biggest one I've sat and looked at for 15 minutes was nine and
  a half feet tall," Pfeifer told Discovery News. "The large male is all
  black. Others are beige and white. The biggest footprint is 18 and a
  half inches long."
  Skeptics say that big claims need big proof, and so far that hasn't
  happened when it comes to Bigfoot. Natural history and e-olutionary
  scientists also ask how these creatures could have survived for so
  long without being detected, and where the evidence is of their
  body or bones or DNA.
  Loren Coleman directs the International Cryptozoology Museum in
  Portland, Maine and has been studying and writing about strange
  sightings of creatures for several decades. He says he's skeptical
  of anyone who comes forward with tales of lengthy Bigfoot
  encounters without providing serious evidence.
  "All the Bigfoot c-ntactees -- for some reason they never take
  photographs," Coleman said. "There's a lot of interest in finding these
  things, but we have to look of the credibility of the people feeding
  us the stories. I'm always careful of two kinds of people, the
  debunkers who have no interest and the true believers who will
  not bring any critical thinking."
  Coleman said he hasn't met with Pfeifer, but is doubtful, comparing
  her story to people who meet with aliens from UFOs.
  "They really believe they are having these experiences," Coleman
  said. "I don't know if its hallucinations or a psychological state."
  Pfeifer, however, is convinced her encounters are real and she
  said she realizes that most people will not believe her because of
  the lack of proof, such as scat, hair, tissue or a good photograph.
  She says the Bigfoot clan began visiting her home shortly after she
  and her husband and three children moved into a 10-acre rural
  property back in November 2009.
  The creatures also engage in some unusual behaviors, she said.
  Sometimes they make knocking sounds underneath the family
  home's crawl space, twist and braid a rope used to tie the family's
  pony, or construct elaborate stick structures in the woods.
  Pfeifer said she's tried to snap their picture, but she has not
  been successful. When she set up automatic cameras in the
  trees near her home, the creatures turned them upside down.
  "I want people to realize that they do exist," Pfeifer said. "They
  are not aggressive, they are more human-like than an ape and
  I'm very protective of them."
  Michigan has a history of Bigfoot sightings -- and a network of
  residents who post their findings on a website.
  Pfeifer has been traveling in Russia to meet with other Bigfoot


20111023-What Does An Bigfoot Like To Eat_-934.html[12/03/2022 10:29:39]
What Does An Bigfoot Like To Eat?

  believers -- scientists and amateurs alike -- who gathered in the
  Kemerovo region recently to talk about the existence of a
  Russian "snowman" in the cold Shoria Mountain area of southern
  Siberia.
  Igor Burtsev of the Moscow-based International Center of
  Hominology said that after the meeting, researchers from the
  United States, Canada, Sweden and Estonia traveled for two
  days to an area that has reported sightings of a large, Yeti-like
  creature.
  Burtsev said he is 95 percent positive that he has evidence to
  prove the creature's existence: some hair found near a cave
  entrance, grasses made into a bed, large footprints, and tree
  branches that form a certain pattern.
  "We were just two days in the forest and we found many things,"
  Burtsev said. "We found a lot of confirmation that they exist
  there." Burtsev said that he visited Pfeifer's home for a week in
  June but did not see any of the Bigfoot creatures. The next step,
  Pfeifer said, is to record the creatures' unusual vocal sounds.
  Jeff Meldrum, professor of anatomy and anthropology at Idaho
  State University, was at the meetings in Russia and has been
  sifting through the various claims about both the Russian Yeti
  in southern Siberia and Pfeifer's story of a Michigan Bigfoot.
  "There's no substance to any of her claims," said Meldrum, who
  is an expert in the ev-lution of early hominid gait. "If there
  were 10 to 12 around her home, she should be opening up a
  museum with all the artifacts."
  Meldrum also has questions about what Burtsev presented
  during the two-day trip to the cave in the Kemerovo region.
  He says when the group of scientists entered the cave, there
  were several large footprints along the muddy floor, but
  strangely enough, they were only imprints of right feet. "He
  must have been playing hopscotch," Meldrum quipped.
  Meldrum says that while he's doubtful about the evidence for
  this particular creature, he is keeping an open mind when it
  comes to the possibility of a new species of hominid that
  could be alive today.
  He points out that German scientists found finger bones from
  a new species of human ancestor known as Denisova hominin
  that co-existed with both humans and Neanderthals only
  30,000 years ago. That research was published last year in
  the journal Nature, using DNA sequencing to verify its age and
  identity. The cave where Denisova was found is 35 miles from
  the site where Meldrum and the other researchers were taken
  on their field trip. -
  http://news.discovery.com/human/bigfoot-sightings-michigan-russia-111013.html
  discovery
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20111023-What Does An Bigfoot Like To Eat_-934.html[12/03/2022 10:29:39]
