{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T08:06:10Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32940, "source_ctime_ns": 1790668557452818849, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111222-Space-People-On-Earth.-1002.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790668557445152593, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111222-Space-People-On-Earth.-1002.pdf", "source_sha256": "84df10cf6836fccb798bdf264ec4077d4a68aa12c00651e1cc89f35ffaac2a46"}

Space People On Earth.


  Subject: Space People On Earth.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 22/12/2011, 23:16
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Space People On Earth.                                Dec. 22, 2011.
   These people think they know where certain aliens
  live on Earth.
  ................................
  ................................
  http://www.sherryshriner.com
  Known Types of Aliens and R-ces
  AGHARIANS - (or Aghartians)
  A group of Asiatic or Nordic humans who, sources claim,
  discovered a vast system of caverns below the region of
  the Gobi desert and surrounding areas thousands of years
  ago, and have since established a thriving kingdom
  within, one which has been interacting with
  other-planetary systems up until current times.
  http://www.burlingtonnews.net/aghartilegend.html
  Click Here For MoreInformation
  ALPHA-DRACONIANS
  Reptilian beings who are said to have established
  colonies in Alpha Draconis. Like all reptilians, these
  claim to have originated on Terra thousands of years
  ago, a fact that they use to 'justify' their attempt
  to re-take the earth for their own. They are apparently
  a major part of a planned 'i-vasion' which is
  eventually turning from covert infiltration mode to
  overt in-asion mode as the "window of opportunity"
  (the time span before International human society
  becomes an interplanetary and interstellar power)
  slowly begins to close. They are attempting to keep
  the "window" open by suppressing advanced technology
  from the masses, which would lead to eventual Terran
  colonization of other planets by Earth and an eventual
  solution to the population, pollution, food and other
  environmental problems.
  Being that Terrans have an inbred "warrior" instinct
  the Draconians DO NOT want them/us to attain interstellar
  capabilities and therefore become a threat to their
  imperialistic agendas. Refer to Els
  ALTAIRIANS Alleged Reptilian inhabitants of the Altair
  stellar system in the constellation Aquila, in
  collaboration with a smaller Nordic human element
  and a collaborative Grey and Terran military presence.
  Headquarters of a collective known as the
  "Corporate", which maintains ties with the Ashtar
  and Draconian collectives (Draconian).
  AMPHIBIANS
  Similar to the Saurians or Reptiloids, yet being hominoid
  creatures with reptilian AS WELL AS amphibian-like
  features and are semi-aquatic in nature. May have once
  lived on land, yet became more aquatic over the centuries.
  'They' have been encountered near swampy regions, rivers,
  etc., and have been known to attack people without
  being provoked. It is interesting that some types of
  Greys AND Reptiloids are believed to be semi-aquatic,
  having webbed fingers and toes (Draconian).
  http://www.burlingtonnews.net/blacklagooncreature.html
  Ref to Black Lagoon Creature
  ANAKIM, THE (also referred to the 'Els', short for
  'Elder Race' or simply as the 'Giants')Referred to in
  ancient Hebrew tradition, this race is allegedly
  tied-in with a branch of ancient humans who broke-off
  from mainstream humanity because of their vast size
  which had developed over the centuries, possibly as a
  result of a genetic anomaly. They are said to range
  anywhere from 9-11 ft. and in some cases even 12 ft.
  in height, although in configuration they are remarkably
  similar to 'International' humans. Are said to


20111222-Space People On Earth.-1002.html[12/03/2022 10:30:53]
Space People On Earth.

  possess a means of molecular condensing and expansion
  which allows some of their kind to mingle among humans
  on the surface. They have allegedly been encountered
  in deep and extensive cavern systems below the western
  part of North America, as far north as Alaska, as far
  south as Mexico, and as far east as Texas. They are
  believed to have interstellar traveling capabilities.
  ANDROMEDAS
  The Andromedan Council has ordered all extraterrestrial
  presences on the planet, in the planet, and on the moon
  to be completely out of our space. They want everything
  that's ET, benevolent or not, off the planet. This
  will be very interesting since there are over 1,833
  reptilians living in our planet and over 18,000 grays
  living underground and on he moon. The council would
  like to see how we will live with each other when we
  are not being manipulated by ETs, as we have been for
  the last 5,723 years
  ANTARCTICAN This is allegedly a s-
  ecret area of operations for both human and reptilian
  beings. It is said by some that A-yan-Nazi scientists
  actually developed disk-shaped aircraft capable of very
  advanced aerial performance, and that swastika's have
  been seen on a few aerial disks.
  They may be piloted by a 'pure-bred' blond, blue-eyed
  Ar-an race.
  There appears to be more than one 'Blond' human society
  involved in the UFO scenarios, and especially
  subterranean human societies may have developed 'blond'
  hair due to lack of sunlight. There does not seem to
  be anything more than a peripheral connection between
  the Antarcticans, the Telosian and the Pleiadean
  'blondes' (i.e. we will refer to the Antarcticans as
  the 'Ary-ns'; theTelosians as the 'Blondes'; and the
  Pleiadeans as the 'Nordics' in order to discourage
  confusion). The Antarcticans may consist largely of
  'batch consigned' pure- bred blue-eyed, blond Arya-s
  who became victims of Hitler's obsession to create
  a super ra-e, and as suggested by Harbinson and
  others most of these may be controlled through
  mind manipulation and implants, being 'human drones'
  who are used to keep this hidden society functioning.
  A massive joint humanoid-reptiloid underground
  system called the "New Berlin" is said to lie below
  the mountains of Neu Schwabenland, Antarctica. It
  is said by some sources that this joint human-alien
  force has spread terror through this sector of the
  galaxy, conquering and committing untold atrocities
  against the peaceful inhabitants of other worlds.
  The famous abductee Barney Hill who along with his
  wife Betty was abducted by "Zeta Reticulan Greys"
  in 1961, stated under regressive hypnosis that he
  had encountered an evil-eyed "German Nazi" working
  with the Greys on board the craft. It is claimed
  that the original "treaty" with the Greys was
  established by the Bavarian Thule and I-luminati
  societies as early as 1933, and this collaboration
  was brought into America via the C-A, which was
  established with the help of American Nazi fifth
  column agents as well as European Nazi's who were
  brought into America through Project Paperclip and
  other operations.
  ARCTURIANS
  Arcturus is one of the most advanced civilizations
  in our entire galaxy. Want to know what NDE's really
  are?
  -Edgar Cayce
  http://www.thewatcherfiles.com/arcturions.htm
  Click Here For Further Information
  These are humans, usually described as being benevolent
  by comparison to other groups, who are said to inhabit
  vast and complex cavern-cities beneath southern Brazil
  and surrounding regions. The term 'Atlantean' or
  'Atlan' in reference to these -aces, has been placed
  upon them because of the fact that these cavern networks
  along the east coast of Brazil were reportedly once a
  part of the antediluvian 'Atlantean' empire. The
  present inhabitants have no direct GENETIC relation
  to the ancient 'Atlantean' society which is said to
  have controlled these cavern systems several millennia
  ago, but are referred to as 'Atlanteans' simply


20111222-Space People On Earth.-1002.html[12/03/2022 10:30:53]
Space People On Earth.

  because they are descendants of those who re-discovered
  and inhabited the ancient Atlan installations. As in
  North America and other continents, both common and
  gnome-like humans have been encountered here, some of
  which possessed advanced aerial or 'disk' technology.
  The Telosians claim to have some connections with
  South America, especially the Matto Grosso region
  where a sister city named POSID exists in a large
  cavern system underground. Refer to Agharians
  BIG FOOT
  Sometimes truth is stranger than fiction. See what
  or Who Big Foot really is.
  http://www.burlingtonnews.net/bigfootorigin.html
  Click here
  BERNARIANS
  Inhabitants of the 'Bernard's Star' system. Although
  not much has been written about them, it seems that
  human beings at least in part control this star
  system, along with "TheOrange". Whether the
  Saurians have any influenceor not is uncertain,
  however some sources indicate a possible
  collaboration similar to that within our own SOL
  system.
  BOOTEANS
  Reptilians from the 'Bootes' system. These, AND
  reptilian entities from the 'Draconis' system are
  allegedly involved with the 'Dulce' scenario as well
  as the infiltration- implantation-control of human
  society on earth in anticipation of their planned
  takeover at some point in the future (Draconian).
  BURROWERS
  Another mutation of the saurian or serpent ra-e that
  is capable of burrowing through the earth. Possibly
  quadrupedal as well as be-pedal, these have been
  known to use their natural 'boring' abilities to
  create artificial tunnels like moles, or even
  spontaneously produced 'cave-ins' (the latter has
  allegedly been used in attempts to entrap or k-ll
  unsuspecting intruders into the underground domains).
  These may possess a highly- developed 'bio-sensing'
  system.
  BUTTAHS
  Being that dwells in s-iritual darkness. The person
  may be intellectually developed. The Buttah are
  normally associated with nightmares, abductions and
  the taking of small children. They usually come
  around at night.
  The Grey aliens who do abductions falls into this
  category. The Reptilians are also part of this group.
  They are usually not very physically attractive.
  Apparently long ago there was a visitation long ago
  by Buttahs called Wacshashas who were negative,
  powerful, aggressive beings.
  John Winston. johnfw@mlode.com


20111222-Space People On Earth.-1002.html[12/03/2022 10:30:53]
