{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T21:54:00Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27849, "source_ctime_ns": 1790770538266065990, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111122-The-Good-And-The-Bad-Space-People.-986.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790770537719651543, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111122-The-Good-And-The-Bad-Space-People.-986.pdf", "source_sha256": "12052f538a861c6bba0b5a97817bbc96e1a9fd54542453bba378c68a5011f361"}

The Good And The Bad Space People.


  Subject: The Good And The Bad Space People.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 22/11/2011, 22:39
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Good And The Bad Space People.                               Nov. 22, 2011.
    In the past when people of this Earth have seen the space people
  with all of their advanced technology, these things looked like
  miracles and they called some of the space people g-ds.
    Some of these space people were good and some were bad.                 This
  information explains how that happened.
  ............................................................
  ............................................................
  Ja-is
  From: Michael Q-insey
  michael.quinsey@mypostoffice.co.uk
  Sent: Friday, November 18, 2011
  SaLuSa      18-November-2011.
  When your focus is on the future can you feel the uplifting energy
  around you, if not make time for yourself to relax in quiet
  surroundings and you surely will. There is no need to carry the
  burden of the world upon your shoulders, just allow it to find its
  own path to completion, because that is a feature of the times
  you are in. You should be sufficiently confident about your destiny
  to believe that you are on the verge of great changes, that will
  put you on another path leaving the old paradigm behind.
  Ascension is your future should you desire to take it, and
  much effort goes into ensuring that all s-uls are in contact
  with the truth. Whether it becomes part of your beliefs by
  replacing false teachings is everyone's personal choice.
  It is time to take responsibility for your future, and not rely on
  other people unless you can be sure that they speak the truth.
  That is where your intuition comes into play, and it will be
  reliable unless you allow your ego to dictate otherwise.
  Sometimes people are reluctant to give up their pet theories,
  and would rather live with uncertainty as their travel companion.
  We understand how difficult it is to admit to having been
  misled by those very people that you placed your trust in.
  However, when you decide to be your own person you will find
  that there is no lack of information and guidance, that will
  put you on the right track.
  Simply put, when you look for the purpose of life, commence
  from the fact that there is only the One Go- that all life exists
  within. That will so to say, clear the decks where the different
  re-igions are concerned as no particular one as opposed to
  another, can correctly claim to be the only one holding the truth.
  That having been said, you have infinite life and are not your
  body but change your form each time you i-carnate. However,
  your so-l which is your g-dspark is indestructible and grows
  through e-olutionary experience, and is forever reaching out
  to the higher dimensions and eventually the Source of All That
  Is. If you can accept that these are truthful statements, it will
  give you the basis to expand upon and become more enlightened.
  Most people have heard of the M-sters, and when they walk the
  Earth their teachings will enable you to check how far you have
  advanced in your beliefs. There will be some who will be at a
  point where they have no particular beliefs, and feel unready to
  make decisions that would change the course of their lives. They
  will not be coerced into anything different, but are clearly
  unready to move out of the 3rd. dimension. They will therefore
  continue to experience in that same dimension, until they choose
  to awaken. They must not be considered failures in anyway, as
  it is your choice as to how long you spend in any one particular
  dimension. The truth is that once you become Beings of Light,
  you will have a strong desire to progress to the higher dimensions.


20111122-The Good And The Bad Space People.-986.html[12/03/2022 10:29:49]
The Good And The Bad Space People.

  In your ancient history you have many references to the -ods
  that came to Earth, more often than not as "those who came
  from the skies". There could hardly be a more descriptive
  observation, and it means exactly what is says. Now that you
  have long been familiar with seeing our craft in your skies, you
  realize that it a clear reference to Space Beings. To Man some
  thousands of years ago we would have seemed to be g-ds, and
  that explains much that has remained a mystery for such a
  long time. However, not all contacts have been made out of a
  desire to help you, and some have taken advantage of your
  beliefs that they were go-s. This has caused a misrepresentation
  of what our purpose is in contacting you, but we are pleased
  to say that with time the majority of you accept us Beings Of
  Light. With the coming high vibrations that will exist on Earth,
  it will be no longer be possible for entities of a lower vibration
  to penetrate Earth.
  In the latter part of next year, the Lemurians who are your
  ancient Brothers and Sisters will join you from the Inner Earth,
  and along with other visitors you will have much to learn. Many
  other sou-s have eagerly put themselves forward, to be part of
  the final stages of your preparations for Ascension. There will
  be more than ample help for the various projects you will be
  called upon to assist in. Naturally it does not end with Ascension,
  as it is the beginning of a new era of co-operation to bring you
  up to the level of Galactic Beings. So the next few years will
  be really exciting and you will also have reached a state of
  being, where the changes in your physical body will have
  overcome the conditions that have previously led to aging.
  We have told you so much about the changes for the future, but
  we hasten to add that not everything is going to happen in the
  space of the next 12 months. However, the speed at which they
  will come will keep you well occupied. Your consciousness
  levels will have been lifted by 11.11.11. and continue to rise
  well into the future. In that respect you will become all-knowing,
  and have earnt the right to be called Ma-ters. Remember that
  you were once previously at those higher levels of consciousness,
  and lost much of it as you dropped down into duality.
  Dear Ones, we of the Galactic Federation are gathered for the
  final days of the last c-bal, who can only offer token resistance
  now that their power has been seriously weakened. We have
  always been able to traverse your skies quite safely, and the
  occasions that you learn of crashed craft are invariably
  intruders such as the Greys and their Reptilian friends. Shortly
  we shall feel freer to be more open in out travels around Earth,
  and intend that more of you should see our craft. You are
  entering a period of high activity both on and off Earth, The
  D-vine date for Disclosure rapidly approaches, and the
  necessary arrangements for the announcement that will
  precede it have been drawn up.
  I am SaLuSa from Sirius, and like the idea of seeing your delight
  and excitement when the first of you are invited upon our ships.
  We can tell you all we like about ourselves and craft, but there
  is nothing like first hand experience to really take in the true
  impressions that you will be left with.
  Also meeting us will dispel any last doubts you might have had
  about us. When we talk about sending out our love, it is
  something you will clearly feel when you are in our presence.
  Thank you SaLuSa
  Mike Quinsey.
  The above address is one way only my address is
  mailto:michael.quinsey@mypostoffice.co.uk
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20111122-The Good And The Bad Space People.-986.html[12/03/2022 10:29:49]
