{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T11:05:05Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32258, "source_ctime_ns": 1790678195789197313, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110401-Is-Coffee-Good-Or-Bad-For-You_-Part-3-of-3.-60081.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790678195788015396, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110401-Is-Coffee-Good-Or-Bad-For-You_-Part-3-of-3.-60081.pdf", "source_sha256": "70b8e8db836a6baf8e11592b717743ecbaaf6c1dee986fc8a083666be9a2ec4a"}

Is Coffee Good Or Bad For You? Part 2.


  Subject: Is Coffee Good Or Bad For You? Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 31/03/2011, 23:46
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Is Coffee Good Or Bad For You?                          Part 2.
  Mar. 31, 2011.
     This shows who invented the formula.
  ..................................................
  ..................................................
  And up until a couple years ago, when the Alcer co. changed the labeling on
  the
  outside of the box of Emergen-C so that it no longer showed this original
  diagram of a cell cut in half, and it was actually basically describing this
  very thing, of how there had to be some kind of electro-magnetic life
  force in order to be able to really assimulate any nutrients, vitamins and
  minerals, etc., that they needed to cross the cell wall into the Inner
  sub-atomic nucleus of the cell, and that it was actually Potassium that is
  the main Activating ingredient that is able to do this. And what's
  fascinating is that the Km herbal liquid supplement does contain a huge
  amount of excellent quality potassium in liquid form. Of course, and is
  also known, that those supplements in either liquid or powdered form tend to
  be easier to be utilized, anyway, by the body.. And as I have also shared
  with many others, many years ago after first starting to use Km (and this
  effect was kind of similar to when one rubs their feet against a carpet,
  and they experience a slight static spark given off through one's body).
  But
  one day as I had just opened up a new bottle of Km and had just started to
  drink an ounce out of the bottle literally off the lip of the Km bottle, I
  experienced a slight spark jump off against my lips, and I was at first
  startled, but then I had remembered how actual small
  potassium-calcium--crystals always gradually form in the Km solution
  while it sits in the bottle over a period of time, because of it being so
  electromagnetic in nature, and realized that this spark was somehow
  being transmitted through these small potassium-calcium crystals that had
  formed in the Km solution. I had also heard an interesting story from a
  friend back in those early years (back in the late 92s) when I first
  began to drink and distribute the Km, that a friend of theirs who was some
  kind of scientist, had actually been able to literally light up a light
  bulb with the Km solution because according to him, he had been able to
  somehow get enough electromagnetic life force out of it to do this!
  Next, add 15 drops of the G.S.C. to the glass of water. The letters
  G.S.E. stands for Grapefruit Seed Extract) from NutriBiotic, which comes
  in a little white plastic bottle, with a red top on it, and the G.S.C. is
  also printed in big red letters. This product is also very potent by
  itself, which according to many researchers, it is able to k-ll over 500
  viruses, such as candida and strep throat infection, among them). It is
  also somewhat bitter tasting by itself, but when mixed with the two
  packets of Emergen-C Lite Vit. C (each packet contains 1,000 mg, with 2,000
  mg being the most that our bodies can assimulate of Vit. C at one time), it
  is no longer bitter, and this is also a great combination as well.
  Now, make sure that you thoroughly mix this up well in the glass of water
  (it is also recommended that you use a plastic or wooden stir rather than a
  metal utensil, because as the Asians know and they usually attempt not to
  cook with much metal, that metal causes the chi energy & electrolites to
  be removed from foods and liquids).
  Now pour yourself a whole ounce of the Km liquid Elixir Botanical (which
  can be ordered through our web site,
  HealthGalleria.com
  and also in the Health Galleria section of my web site
  ChannelFortheMasters.com
  ), by itself, into a small glass container or a one ounce shot glass.
  By the way, we have distributed Km since 1987, and which also fulfilled an
  earlier prophecy from the Masters when I was told by the S-iritual Hierarchy
  while I was still in Junior High school back in my early teens, that one day
  when I got cronologically older I was going to redistribute an old
  Atlantean/Lemurian Elixir product that had come back to the planet since
  that ancient time. and Km, which used to be distributed by Matol Botanica
  l [up until 2009], and is now distributed by Univera, was the fulfilling of


20110401-Is Coffee Good Or Bad For You_ Part 3 of 3.-60081.html[12/03/2022 10:26:01]
Is Coffee Good Or Bad For You? Part 2.

  this prophecy. Also the very famous Channel Tuella, who published several
  books on the Ashtar Command during the decade of the 92s, several of
  those being: *Project: World Evacuation By the Ashtar Command*,* Dynamics of
  Cosmic Telepathy*, *Ashtar, A Tribute*, and *On Earth Assignment*
  [which I quote & refer to in my book, *Prepare For The Landings!*] Because
  she was getting on in years in the late 92s, and she was in a bad state of
  health with the possibility of her dying and not being able to complete her
  mission at that time, Ashtar had personally, separately, told her much
  earlier that she, too, was going to come upon an Earth Elixir that would
  allow her to live several more years just along enough to help her stay
  alive and finish her mission. When I had first shared with her about Km for
  the first time in 87, she was very excited, as it turned out, that Km was
  actually what Ashtar had been referring to all along. And I still have,
  somewhere in my vast library, a copy of her letter that she had sent to
  everyone that was on her postal mailing list, about this wonderful Elixir
  that she had been told about, and how it was definitely the Km product.
  Also, most people do not know the fascinating and real life story of how
  Karl Yurak, the original discoverer/creator of this amazing Elixir herbal
  Botanical drink even first was able to come up with the very unique,
  molecularly-synergistically aligned formula. Because of his own personal
  health challenges that he was facing back in 1922, in Vienna, Austria as a
  young man (which happened to be, at that time, the center for research into
  Agra-Biology, and he was specifically working for his Doctorial Thesis in
  Botanicals, and even though at the time he initially did not know just
  exactly what his Doctorial Thesis was going to be on, but he knew it would
  be in the science and research about botanicals.
  But to attempt to make a long story short, he had, none-the-less, upon
  testing his own blood under a microscope, he had discovered a lot of toxins
  that he could not figure out, living in a pretty clean, pristine and
  nonpollutted environment of the Vienna, Austrian area, why he should have
  detected so many of these toxins in his blood. He also had a very dangerous
  hobby that of climbing the Australian Alps, and which he would tie or
  teather himself to his friends, who went with him on many mountain climbing
  expeditions, so if he or one of them should accidently fall off the
  mountains, then who ever fell would cause the others to fall with them. And
  if one combines the high level of toxins as he had observed under a
  microscope that were part of his own blood, with lower levels of oxygen as
  eoccurs at the higher levels of elevation at the tops of those mountains
  then
  it becomes a very deadly combination. And, in fact, one day while climbing
  on a precipeice, he suddenly got very weak and started to slip, and became
  concerned that he might not be able to climb back off of the mountain and
  might pull everyone else with him if he should fall.
  In fact, he started to p-ay very intensely to G-d, about being able to
  somehow have enough strength and stamina to be able to get off the mountain
  that day. It is my belief that this pr-yer was actually as in a form of a
  mantra that he had programmed into his consciousness prior to taking
  Earth embodiment. I tuned into the fact that he was actually a Volunteer
  s-ul from the more e-olved worlds of the Federation of Light who had
  i-carnated back onto Earth in this recent life to rediscover the very
  Elixir that he had originally been the Guardian to when he had been a
  physician of Light back during the ancient times of Atlantis & Lemuria.
  This
  was before the draconian dark alchemists came and infiltrated the
  priesthood of Adrtlantis, and they are back now as the modern day Big
  P-arma or ph-rmaceutical c-rtel, in charge of the American M-rder
  Association, the Federal D-ath Agency and the Center for D-sease
  Creation, otherwise more known as the A.-.A., F.-.A. and the C.-.C. These
  dark alchemists had forced all Elixir substances, like that referred to as
  Km today, out of circulation, by forcing very controlling draconian laws,
  similar to the modern corrupt Codex laws, upon the mass population of
  Atlantis. On a Higher Intergalactic Level, Karl Yurak had been a fellow
  Cosmic Physician of Light, connected with Zoser and the Knights of the
  Solar Cross and connected with the Clarion star system, where all the
  numerous Healing modalities are first developed and passed onto every
  other star system in the Federation of Light.
  But at that life threatening moment on the mountain, Karl had desperately
  pra-ed this basic pray-r: Please Go-, if you will allow me to survive today
  and give me the strength to somehow get off this mountain, I will devote my
  entire life to not only be able to dramatically increase the oxygenation
  retention ability of one using the botanical, but also at the same time be
  able to totally detoxify one's body of any toxins what so ever as well!
  Part 2.
  John Winston           johnfw@mlode.com


20110401-Is Coffee Good Or Bad For You_ Part 3 of 3.-60081.html[12/03/2022 10:26:01]
Is Coffee Good Or Bad For You? Part 2.


20110401-Is Coffee Good Or Bad For You_ Part 3 of 3.-60081.html[12/03/2022 10:26:01]
