{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T15:50:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33300, "source_ctime_ns": 1790737851886822632, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110521-Extraterrestrials.-Part-6.-624.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790737851875775736, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110521-Extraterrestrials.-Part-6.-624.pdf", "source_sha256": "2ccd214ea2007be23f10af7b059a8b882b66a823f15dd2379b35b12df3f11cc7"}

Extraterrestrials. Part 6.


   Subject: Extraterrestrials. Part 6.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 21/05/2011, 00:14
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Extraterrestrials.                  Part 6.
   May 21, 2011.
     This talks about some space people who are like us and are trying to
   help us.
   ........................................................
   ........................................................
   These greys have their best known bases in New Mexico and Nevada
   but are also known to have bases in many countries of the world.
                           GREY TYPE B: Tall Greys from Orion.
   Usually about 7 to 8 ft. tall (reports often exaggerate their height as
   being 9 to 12 ft.) with facial feature somewhat similar to grey type A
   with the exception of the large nose found on type B greys.
   These greys also have technologies that allow them to perform certain
   actions that appear "m-raculous." These greys are less viscous towards
   humans than type A greys (but are still considered "h-stile".) They tend
   to influence more through po-itical controls and negotiated agreements
   with those in power. Their main bases seem to be in the Aleutian Islands.
   These are the type seen not long ago in Eastern Russia.
                                                                    GREY TYPE C:
   These are the shortest of the greys and tend to be about 3.5 ft. tall.
   Their facial features are very similar to the Zeta Reticuli greys and are
   of the same "root r-ce.". They are just as ho-tile to humans as the
   Zetas. They are from a star system near the shoulder of Orion called
   Bellatrax.
                                                                    GREY TYPE E:
   Human/Grey Hybrids One of the main ET projects, now in the completion
   stage, is the hybrid program.
   The goal of this project is to produce a being combining the best physical
   and mental qualities of both races.
   The following description is of a hybrid female, approximately fifteen
   years old. Height is five feet, three inches; skin color is pale white/grey.
   The head is slightly larger and rounder than normal. Hair is dark, high
   above the forehead, and worn in a very long ponytail. The face is very
   fine-featured, and attractive.
   Like all the beings discussed in this paper, her main method of
   communication is t-lepathic. This has allowed a deeper understanding of
   her intellectual and emotional make-up. They consider themselves human,
   not Grey, in almost all respects. They care about the Greys, as any child
   would a parent, but find them agonizingly boring. The desire for human
   contact is greater than all others. Their capacity for emotion is as
   great, if not greater than, humans. Any physical attribute more human
   than Grey is a great source of pride. Their intellectual capacity is well
   above human standards. It is very likely they will exceed the capabilities
   of both rac-s.
   http://www.burlingtonnews.net/alienraces2.html
                                                                                GYPSIES
   Several sources refer to the Gypsies as having some connection with the
   UFO mystery. Other sources suggest a connection with high-tech
   subsurface kingdoms such as Agharti, etc. The knowledge which the
   Gypsies allegedly possess of an ancient w-r, UFO craft, and so on is
   supposedly a carefully guarded se-ret among various Gypsy tribes. Some
   claim to have traced the Gypsies back to ancient India or surrounding
   regions. The infamous
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/montauk/esp_filadelfia_1.htm
   Philadelphia Experiment information source, Carlos A-lenda, was
   allegedly part of a Gypsy clan with knowledge of past and present
   "history" on alien cultures which have interacted behind the scenes in
   Terran affairs. More information


20110521-Extraterrestrials. Part 6.-624.html[12/03/2022 10:27:25]
Extraterrestrials. Part 6.

   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/vida_alien/alien_races02b.htm
                                                   HAV - MUSUVS - (or Suvians)
   Prominent in Paihute Indian tradition,
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/branton/esp_cosmicconflict04.htm
   Hav-Musuvs were allegedly an Egyptian or Grecian-like sea-faring rac- who
   discovered huge caverns around 3 to 5 thousand years ago within,
   and later deep beneath the Panamint Mountains of California.
   Within these they then established their vast underground cities. When the
   inland sea (now Death Valley) which connected the ocean in ancient times
   dried up, they had no way to carry on trade with other parts of the
   world. As a result of this, according to
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/vida_alien/alien_races03a.htm
   Paihute Indian tradition, they began to build and fly silvery eagles which
   became increasingly advanced as time went on. They then evidently
   established interplanetary and later interstellar travel, exploration and
   colonization.
   This huge facility is now operating as a MAJOR Federation base on earth,
   and possesses huge chambers with differing environmental, atmospheric
   and even gravitational conditions to accommodate the various visiting
   Federation dignitaries.
                                                                          HOMINS
   "Homins" is the name given to large, human-like creatures that are
   reported across the world.
                                                                         HU-BRID
   Hybrids possessing reptilian and human genetic coding yet who possess
   a human soul-matrix.
                                                                       HYADEANS
   The Hyades in the constellation Taurus, like the Pleiades and Vega, are
   said to have been the destination of yet another group of refugees from
   the ancient Lyran w-rs.
                                                                    HYBRIDS - Reptilian
   Since human and reptilian beings are genetically so different in their
   physical
   make-up a natural hybrid between the two is impossible. However an
   unnatural GENETIC alteration, in essence splicing human and reptilian genes,
   has allegedly been attempted. Even if this were accomplished the offspring
   would not be an actual hybrid (half human - half reptilian) but would fall
   to
   one side or the other. Since reptilians possess no s-ul-matrix as do humans
   but instead operate on a collective consciousness level, the hybrid would be
   human or reptilian depending on whether they/it was born with or without a
   so-l-energy-matrix. In most cases one might tell the difference if the
   entity
   had round-pupils as opposed to black opaque or vertical-slit pupiled eyes;
   or five-digit fingers as opposed to three or four; or external genitalia as
   opposed to none. This may not always be the rule, especially when the
   chameleons are considered.
   Some of the hybrids without s0uls are fed with human so-l energy in an
   attempt to engraft an already existing human s-ul-matrix into the hybrid.

                                       HUMAN TYPE ALIENS HUMAN TYPE A:
   These are of a genetic base similar to humans of earth. They appear of
   "normal" height (5-6ft?) and tend to be fair-skinned with blonde hair.
   These entities have been abducted by the greys or are the offspring of
   abductees and have been trained by the greys as servants. These
   entities are totally subservient to the greys.
                                                                    HUMAN TYPE B:
   These are aliens of similar genetics to earth humans and also, it seems,
   of the humans that serve the greys. These are from the Pleiades and
   are also of the blonde, fair-skinned appearance.
   This type is of a genuine highly e-olved, s-iritual, benevolent variety
   and have a kinship toward humans and are the only aliens to be truly
   trusted by earth humans at this time. They had at one time offered to
   be of assistance to earth leaders in dealing with the alien situation
   here but were rebuffed and so have taken a kind of "hands off"
   approach for the time being. These aliens are supposedly the forefather
   race of humankind. These are apparently not on earth much at this


20110521-Extraterrestrials. Part 6.-624.html[12/03/2022 10:27:25]
Extraterrestrials. Part 6.

   time due to serious problems in the area of their home.
                                                                    HUMAN TYPE C:
   Very little is known about these. They are supposedly another of the
   highly evo-ved, sp-ritual type of great benevolence to earth humans.
   I understand that their appearance is similar to other human-type
   aliens. They are from Sirius and don't appear to be much involved with
   earth happenings at this time other than being concerned about the
   Grey scenario. They could desire to be of help to humans.
   There are other known human type aliens of this "more highly spi-itually
   evo-ved" nature that are apparently aware of the situation on earth and
   considering some possible course of action. These are from Arcturus and
   Vega.
   The following article appeared in the summer 1993 edition (vol. 3 no. 2)
   issue of UFO Universe magazine.
   [GROUP A] Non Earth-Born Humans This GROUP consists of three peoples
   from three distinct colony zones, namely Sirius, Pleiades and Orion.
   Genetically, they are nearly identical to Earth-born humans with the
   following exceptions. Abductees refer to these beings as the talls. Males
   average up to approximately seven feet in height; females, six and a half
   feet. They are extremely fine featured, pale in complexion.
   Eyes are almond shaped, slightly slanted with a natural black liner,
   much like the renderings of ancient Egyptian royalty. There are three
   hair colors apparently related to colony origin: blonde (Pleiades),
   red (Orion), and black (Sirius). The insignia of these combined human
   ra-es is a triangular arrangement of three spheres.
   This symbol has deep significance, and is found throughout Earth
   history. History records these beings as g-ddesses, go-s, devas, etc.
   A subgroup of GROUP A females is in command of most Terran projects.
   [GROUP B] Earth-Born Humans These are Homo Sapiens whose origin
   is the planet Earth. They can be divided into two separate classes.
   [Class A] (Ancient) - These humans were the companions and house
   servants of a GROUP A mi-itary mining and occupation force.
   When this force left the Earth sometime between 1,000 BC and
   3,500 BC, it was decided to remove all humans that had been in close
   proximity with them. It was felt that leaving them would only further
   disrupt normal human development. Class A humans are on an equal
   level with GROUP A and cooperate fully in all Earth projects.
   Part 6.
   John Winston.             johnfw@mlode.com


20110521-Extraterrestrials. Part 6.-624.html[12/03/2022 10:27:25]
