{"created_utc": "2026-10-06T18:52:57Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31975, "source_ctime_ns": 1790711247175507556, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110413-Dreamland-In-The-Rockies.-Part-2.-60130.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790711247169716142, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110413-Dreamland-In-The-Rockies.-Part-2.-60130.pdf", "source_sha256": "4e898561c195619dc02864f2fa8ebe269eb6e2329bb7232b7d052a6a9ca35dbe"}

Dreamland Of The Rockies.


  Subject: Dreamland Of The Rockies.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 13/04/2011, 16:08
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: The Dreamland Of The Rockies.                                     April
  13, 2011.
    This was mentioned in a previous posting so I thouht I would check it
  out. Here is what I found.
  ......................................................
  ......................................................
  Subject: Dreamland in the Rockies - Branton
  Date: Tue, 12 Apr 2011
  DREAMLAND IN THE ROCKIES
  by Branton
  Branton is the code name used in many of the pages we share related to the
  UFO coverup. Recently, Density who lives on America Online posted this
  article by Branton to the snet mailing list. See what you think?
  http://www.v-j-enterprises.com/ufoart/trek2.gif
  Dreamland in the Rockies
  Date: Thu, 10 Aug 1995
  From:
  Density4@aol.com
  To: snet-l@world.std.com
  Subject: Branton: Dreamland
  Since the age of 12, 1 have had an intense interest in the subject of
  UFOlogy,
  which was sparked after reading Frank Edwards' book FLYING SAUCERS,
  SERIOUS BUSINESS. This led to an interest in the investigation of subsurface
  anomalies, followed by a still later fascination with conspiracy research
  (all- together, they represent the study of that which is Above, Below and
  Within). I will refrain from explaining how I came to the following
  conclusions,
  as it would take an entire volume to list the various sources of information
  that I've encountered in the past 22 years. If you are interested in the
  original sources, I would suggest that you obtain a copy of the
  http://www.v-j-enterprises.com/mojave.html
  MOJAVE/COSCON
  database (7th edition) on 3.5 disk that is making the rounds.
  I will state however that it is my "opinion" that there are 3 "general"
  alien
  forces at work in this center of the universe. Each of these groups can be
  divided into sub-groups and so on, yet I will not deal with these aspects at
  this time. These groupings include:
  THE UNITED FEDERATION- This has been referred to by different titles.
  Originally having its genesis in an ancient Lyran (Vegan) alliance with
  the Murians and Gobians of Terra, the Federation consists of a number
  of colonial worlds near Vega Lyra, the Andromeda Constellation, the
  Pleiades-Hyades open clusters (and their anti-matter universe counterparts
  the Koldasians, Dal-ites, Timers, etc.), Alpha Centauri, Tau Ceti, Epsilon
  Eridani, lumma/Ummo [Wolf 424] and others. Mostly of human heritage,
  the "Federation" adheres to a strict nonintervention policy. Federation
  personnel apparently contacted William S-atner in the Mojave desert
  years before he became famous for his part in the STAR TREK series, and
  certain ideas from real life turned up in the "inspired" television series.
  Even the STARFLEET base was fairly close - the actual Starfleet base is not
  in San Francisco but below the Panamint Mt. - Death Valley region to the
  east. This "Starfleet" does not exist a few thousand years in the future as
  the
  series suggests, but actually began about 3000 years ago when the MU-rians
  of ancient California [apparently in alliance with other civilizations that
  were advanced in astronomy, mathematics, medicine, architecture, etc., such
  as the Greeks, Egyptians, Mayas, and East Indians] developed aerial and
  space technology.
  For thousands of years these "MU-SUVIANS" of the ancient Mojave region
  have been colonizing nearby star systems from their massive base
  below the Panamint Mts. of Death Valley using hyperspace propulsion.
  Remember that it only took 40 years for us to advance from Kitty Hawk to
  Hyperspace Travel [refer to the Philadelphia Experiment], so do not
  underestimate what can happen in a FEW THOUSAND YEARS. The Death
  Valley - Panamint base is currently one of the largest and oldest


20110413-Dreamland In The Rockies. Part 2.-60130.html[12/03/2022 10:26:07]
Dreamland Of The Rockies.

  Federation bases on [or within] the Earth, and consists of vast natural and
  artificial caverns and chambers - some of them miles in diameter - which
  possess differing environmental, atmospheric and gravitational conditions
  to accommodate the various Federation dignitaries who are always visiting
  the base to observe events on Earth. They are in direct opposition to the
  Reptilioid species operating from the "Dulce" base network centered below
  Northwestern New Mexico. Some [American] Intelligence agencies such
  as the N-vy's "COM-12" are allied with these "Benevolent Ones" of the
  Federation, whereas other [Bavarian] Intelligence agencies such as the
  C-A-N-A "AQ-ARIUS" group maintains a pact with and is even largely
  under the control of the Reptilian Gray Empire Collective. M--12 seems to
  be vacillating between the two extremes, and may in fact be a battleground
  between the American Constitutionals [working with the
  NonInterventionist Humanoids] and the Bavarian Globalists [working for
  the Interventionist Reptilioids].
  THE DRACONIAN EMPIRE- Originally stemming from an ancient Alpha
  Draconian Antarctican (Terran) Empire of non-humanoids, the Draconian
  Empire is made up of several reptilian species including the winged draco
  (pterosaurians, "mothmen", or winged serpents); the tall Reptilioids who
  control various smaller reptilian "gray" species which reproduce via
  polyembryony, egg hatcheries and/or cloning; a particularly malevolent
  iguana-like dark-skinned sorcerer-priest class that is often seen wearing
  hooded robes and stands about 5 ft. tall; and a shorter 4-5 ft. tall r-ce of
  reptilian-amphibians that have been described as appearing like "frog faced
  lizards". Often a Nordic (mind- slave) is seen in the company of several of
  these "Reptoads" (for lack of a better word) especially during breeding
  experiments with human abductees. One "Aghartan" tradition described
  by Maurice Doreal [who, BTW, discovered and translated the alleged "Emerald
  Tablets" of Thoth - a Colorado m-taphysician who claimed contact with the
  neo-Mayan residents of Mt. Shasta (who are in turn part of the Aghartan
  "Silver Fleet" Alliance), stated that he observed the hidden history of the
  earth in a s-cret library-repository below the Himalayas. The
  crystal-holographic recordings that he was shown revealed the existence of
  an ancient ra-e of pre-Scandinavians who in alliance with a rac- of human
  giants dwelt at the center of a powerful civilization based on a large
  island
  in the midst of an inland sea where the Gobi desert now lies.
  These blond-haired, blue-eyed "Nordics" along with their larger "Nephelim"
  friends waged an intense w-rfare with a -ace of Reptilian hominoids based in
  Antarctica. These creatures had apparently mutated (via natural selection,
  survival of the fittest or most intelligence, environmental adaptation,
  etc.)
  from the earlier saurian bipeds such as the very cunning Velociraptors, and
  in their continued development gained the mental ability to shape- shift or
  hypnotically create a physical illusion around themselves whereby they were
  able to pass themselves off as humans and infiltrate human society like
  chameleons.
  Several of these infiltrators were discovered when they failed the test of
  being forced to speak the word "KININIGIN", which was impossible for the
  reptilian tongue to pronounce. The war ended with the Reptilioids being
  driven from the surface of the planet, taking refuge in underground and
  off-planet bases. Some reptilians did not escape however, and were caught by
  surprise when the Nordics- Nephelim launched an experimental super-w-apon
  against Antarctica which obliterated the Reptilian center of power and in
  fact caused the earth to slip off its axis (not an actual polar "reversal").
  When the earth stabilized Antarctica froze over, as well as another
  area where the reptilians had successfully infiltrated a human community
  - this being in Northern Siberia. These humans and infiltrators in Siberia
  froze instantly, and one legend has it that some of these reptilians were
  revived by Russian scientists from their frozen state (the frozen humans
  could not be revived) and that these Reptilians commenced to k-ll off the
  scientists, impersonate their physical features, and infiltrate the Russian
  g-vernment.
  As for the Nordics, those who did not migrate west to found the Scandinavian
  nations (not to be outdone by the serpent r-ce) left the surface and
  established their own off-planet and subterranean bases.
  There have been various reports from "c-ntactees" describing an ancient
  war-are that was fought between the Reptilian Empire of Alpha Draconis
  and a thriving civilization of Nordic-like humans who had colonized the
  Ring Nebula region of Lyra. Any connection to the earth scenario? The
  Reptilians have told some of their abductees that they are actually
  returning
  to their home planet (Earth), from which they were driven in ancient times
  (it is even alleged that they plan to reduce the earth's population through
  their manipulation of the "controlled" Bavarian I-luminati, through
  virological
  wa-fare, disasters, conventional war-are, etc., to the point that they will
  be able to take-over the planet with minimal resistance). As for the Lyran
  w-rs, It was actually refugees from this ancient interstellar conflict who
  escaped in a mass exodus to the Pleiades, Hyades and possibly Andromeda


20110413-Dreamland In The Rockies. Part 2.-60130.html[12/03/2022 10:26:07]
Dreamland Of The Rockies.

  constellations to establish the great "Pleiadean" network which has now
  become famous among cont-ctees.
  Part 1.
  John Winston. johfw@mlode.com


20110413-Dreamland In The Rockies. Part 2.-60130.html[12/03/2022 10:26:07]
