{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T00:37:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27415, "source_ctime_ns": 1790773297763298873, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111129-Let-s-Hear-It-From-David-I-ke.-994.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790773297738655610, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111129-Let-s-Hear-It-From-David-I-ke.-994.pdf", "source_sha256": "274ea6f5d65c5b14df82ec1028793a57df07e4dfa599848f7126c35813f6bbef"}

Let's Hear It From David I-ke.


   Subject: Let's Hear It From David I-ke.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 29/11/2011, 06:29
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Let's Hear It From David I-ke.                                  Nov.
   28, 2011.
      Here is the latest down the pike about what David Ic-e has to say.
   ................................................................
   ................................................................
   Why Are So Many People Gathering to Hear David Ick-? Posted on
   truther on November 28, 2011
   _______________
   Heather C-llaghan
   AP
   What can you expect to hear if you listen to David -cke? Everything!
   He also empowers and motivates us to reclaim our personal freedom.
   You can be fearless in the midst of a seemingly cruel and crazy world.
   There is a method to the madness for all that's irrational today,
   although it comes from an artificial reality, keeping us from our own
   natural consciousness.
   It takes an amazing brilliancy and energy to take everyone through a
   personal p-ison break, speaking a mile a minute for nearly 11 hours
   straight! That's what he did recently in Cleveland, Ohio and a few
   days ago in New York, connecting dots and pinpointing the sources
   for today's confusion.
   Asleep, we meander in a routinized, hazy, yet invisible pr-son. A world
   where we are made to feel shame even for every breath, as though
   we are so small and unworthy that we should receive punishment for
   filling the atmosphere with our sighs. We might feel confused, fearful,
   depressed, trapped, exhausted, deflated until it seems like our
   existence is squeezed into the size of a postage stamp.
   But why should that be so! One of his book titles makes for a better
   description: Infinite Love is the Only Truth, Everything Else is Only
   Illusion. Always researching, he covers much: m-taphysics,
   technology, co-opted r-volutions, top-level power and world b-nks,
   fluoride, modern me-icine, food p-litics, vibrational and
   electromagnetic frequencies, radiation, the left-brain 5-sense pri-on,
   the rise of child abuse, Z-onism (more than meets the eye), world
   economy and debt, smart meters, narcissistic c-ps trained to lack
   empathy, greater social consciousness, and tapping into our
   awareness.
   How we receive and perceive information is akin to code and decoding.
   We've been hacked into, I-ke demonstrated. E-itists, higher-ups,
   whatever general term for those who ruthlessly seek control at the
   top, use technology to manipulate that coding, giving us their
   manufactured reality and frenzied, lower brain mindset. For more
   specifics, check out the sources for his new work, below.
   Do you ever feel that most of the world submits to left-brain
   and sensory modes? School, work, po-itics? That mode explains
   the box-routine cycle of work; eat a sandwich, feel no purpose,
   repeat.
   And the limitation of if I can't see it, it doesn't exist! Our intellect
   and senses are great, but are such a tiny drop in the sea of
   consciousness that we truly are. And a stirring consciousness
   scares those in power. We are compelled to view the world
   through a very small lens, blocked from bridging the right and left
   brain.
   Neil Hague Art
   There is a lower, reptilian-like part of the brain. It even resembles
   a snake. It scans and reacts automatically. It's the fight or flight
   response. This reaction is fine when someone walks in front of our
   moving car, Ic-e says, but to live like this all the time would be
   seriously damaging and repressive. Oh no! What am I going to do
   about rent, my job, my relationship, food?
   It's reacting all the time from the f-ar of not surviving. How is that
   state-of-mind exploited when we tune in to the matrix? We are met
   with a barrage of manufactured t-rrorism, global warming (climate
   change), destroyed economies, the newest flu, disasters total
   mayhem! Reaction, reaction, reaction. And more restriction from


20111129-Let's Hear It From David I-ke.-994.html[12/03/2022 10:29:51]
Let's Hear It From David I-ke.

   Problem-Reaction-Solution (which usually includes force,
   acquiescence to authority, and loss of freedom). People feed
   into this insatiable energy monster and it becomes harder to look
   at the bigger picture, make connections, and tap into our
   consciousness (right brain).
   It's also not coincidental that many of the things we oppose also
   directly destroy our DNA. Fluoride, GMOs, food additives, chemical
   jet trails, medicine and d-ugs, and weakness from many sources of
   radiation. Ic-e pointed out that fluoride calcifies the pineal gland
   in the brain which acts as our third eye.
   The Positive Shift
   David Ick- speaks positively about the burgeoning paradigm shift.
   So many children are growing up and breaking through the program
   that is a testament to the power of consciousness. Think of the
   things we know now that we didn't know one year, five years,
   twenty years ago, -cke said.
   They are throwing everything at us [trying to] keep us down emotionally.
   Neil Hague Art
   But these controllers aren't omnipotent. They are like little school
   boys in short trousers. This cold mindset is one of massive insecurity.
   It operates under a limited vibration using only a limited intellect.
   That's why technology is so often used for destruction, because
   they don't have consciousness. They are in a small box, terrified of
   us awakening. In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
   From the limited consciousness of the controllers, we experience a
   round the clock, suppressive targeted program. However, David likens
   this effort to trying to hold down a soccer ball in a pool of water.
   Naturally, the ball will immediately rise to the surface. It takes a
   great amount of constant force to keep it down. It cannot be released
   for one second. So another testament to our awakening and efforts
   is the absolute energy exhausted working tirelessly to keep us down.
   We must be pretty special!
   How Can One Break From The Matrix?
   Let pre-programmed beliefs go. We don't need a blueprint. It doesn't
   have to be complicated, he says: the fasting, the lifelong meditation,
   the guru teaching. Open your fr--kin mind, openness that's it. I don't
   fast, you probably noticed, he joked. Open the [Wizard's] curtain,
   keep finding the truth.
   Neil Hague Art
   The vibrational frequency of the imbecilic mindset inflicted on us is
   made up of fe-r, insecurity, and anxiety. It doesn't so much think as
   it does react. But reacting to the irrational doesn't work; it keeps
   us reactionary, controlled, drained, and feeling helpless. Think of a
   traffic light when applying the following response: Stop, Think, Act.
   The age-old counting to 10 or 20 before reacting helps too. Then
   there's the ever-important phrase when facing attack, NO! Cease to
   acquiesce. We have the numbers and power controllers never do. The
   only ones who can give up our power is us, and we are upholding our
   own enslavement when we acquiesce to that irrationality.
   One of the greatest things we can do is get rid of the fea- of What
   will people think [of me]?? It doesn't matter, they'll think something
   different tomorrow. We have to let go of that fea-. Sometimes the
   biggest w-r is between the program of the head against the
   openness of the heart. Fear looks to the external, very limited. As
   Ick- shows us, realizing who you really are and releasing your f-ar
   allows you to take back your power. Then life becomes more about
   abundance, wonderment, and adventure, with nothing to lose.
   People say, I want to seek enlightenment what a b-oody waste of
   time! he exclaimed. You are enlightened! You are infinite awareness.
   So, it's not Oh, Little Me Human R-ce Get Off Your Knees!
   John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20111129-Let's Hear It From David I-ke.-994.html[12/03/2022 10:29:51]
