{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T13:45:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30785, "source_ctime_ns": 1790716580560529602, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111116-Braco.-Part-2-of-2.-972.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790716580547561025, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111116-Braco.-Part-2-of-2.-972.pdf", "source_sha256": "3ab5dd8e2a5e994f9eb46fdb04359d65e0f23498d6c903d3e1f063edc85acf25"}

Braco. Part 2 of 2.


   Subject: Braco. Part 2 of 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 16/11/2011, 06:56
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Braco. Part 2 of 2.
   Nov. 15, 2011.
      This shows the comments of people who have gone to see Braco.
   ......................................................
   ......................................................
   Adriana - Hawaii
   I am looking at his eyes now from one of the postcards that circulated
   before and during his presence here. My experience with Braco returned
   me to my most essential Self. I often left the room in awe, gratitude,
   and a complete open-heart while at the same time feeling very grounded.
   I am grateful for that! I appreciated being so joyful while at the same
   time grounded.
   Celeste Eaton - Hawaii
   The first time I went I wasn't able to turn my neck to one side for almost
   2 years I began to feel such love coming from Braco when a hot energy
   hit the side of the neck. It was amazing & the next day I could turn my
   neck again.
   Jean Love - Hawaii
   Braco has truly connected me to the source of love and light I have
   always known was within me, and somehow through his loving gaze I
   remember who I am.
   Pat Ganaban - Hawaii
   I had the opportunity to experience the gazing session both indoors
   (Oahu) and outdoors (Kona). On Oahu I attended the gazing sessions
   once a day for five days and had such blessings and m-racles not only
   for myself but others connected to my life.
   Elizabeth S - June 29, 2011
   I also have to share that I am so completely amazed to not only have
   my dreams back, but a knowingness that I can actually LIVE them!!!!
   I have experienced such a profound inner transformation since
   October. Sooo much Love, peace, and JOY!
   After many, many years of depression! I will share in greater detail
   soon.
   ~Namaste~
   Bettina - June 22, 2011
   There is a sense of happiness, gratefulness and love within me since
   I experience Braco that remains with me and expands with every
   time I attend his gazing. Thanks!!!
   Zacksgirl - Oregon
   Today was my first ever experience with Braco, I loved it. My hands
   got so hot with Reiki and my heart Chakra was so full of love. I feel
   amazing. I am sure my healing will be enhanced because if Braco
   having touched me so deeply. Thank you Braco for coming to Oregon
   and seeing me as Perfect.
   Barbara Cannon - New Jersey
   I am looking forward to attending the gazing session next week in
   N.J. My daughter who is 6 and has speech difficulty and conitive
   issues saw the picture of Braco and said, the man stares at people
   and don't talk. Children are amazing in what they know.
   Rev Julie Uli - 3/27/2011
   It is a challenge to express all that transpired during a short session.
   I am still resonating to the high frequency of energy I experienced. I
   feel I was touched by The M-ster in my s-ul. Words are inadaquate
   to express my gratitude. Namaste!
   Susan S - Phoenix
   I was recently at a gazing session in Phoenix. Wow.
   Wow. Wow. I have been on oxygen 24/7 for the past two years,
   diagnosed with end stage COPD, such a harsh diagnosis as I'm
   not very old. I walked out with a great feeling of being able to


20111116-Braco. Part 2 of 2.-972.html[12/03/2022 10:29:46]
Braco. Part 2 of 2.

   finally reach the bottom of my lungs, I took my oxygen off half
   way out to the car and have been just flying ever since!
   Thanks Braco!
   Wesa - 1/6/11
   This is so intense. Thank you for publishing & sharing his pictures.
   A true brother of Atlantis the power & he-ling of the Almighty
   comes through his pictures too. Thank you so much.
   Diana - Houston, Texas
   Loved every gazing session and the feeling that I left with after
   each one. Just cannot find words to describe it. I felt pure love
   and I felt that I was being raised higher to a different level of
   sp-rituality. My main focus was my daughter and her
   asthma/breathing issues.
   Love & Light to all!!
   Lin Mogitz - Miami
   I attended a Braco gazing session yesterday in King of -russia,
   PA. It was my first session, and what a powerful experience it
   was! Only a few seconds into the gazing, the energy became very
   powerful.
   Light shifted into white, gold and purple, and I experienced a
   floating sensation. A lot went on inside me at once, and the
   powerful energy sensation stayed with me for quite a while
   afterwards... G-d bless Braco and all concerned for his work!
   John Ramsey - 7/20/10
   I visited Braco's website a couple of weeks ago.
   At the time, I thought nothing of it. From the following day
   onwards I began to feel a feeling that has stayed with me
   since: a feeling of profound peace and love. I was worried
   about money all the time now I have no worries about it. In the
   days following looking at the videos on Braco's website I also
   had a strong sense of love for others and connectedness
   something I have never experienced before to this extent. Also,
   three good things happened at work in quick succession. I feel
   a new sense of, the only way I can describe it is a gold glow in
   my heart that feels so wonderful.
   Erick Morton - Hawaii
   I went to Braco once as a very skeptical person but with an
   open mind, I came out with a terrible back injury healed.
   I wasn't sure if it was real until weeks later when I could
   honestly say that I had no back pain since seeing Braco.
   The thing with Braco is he lets us hea- ourselves in a way,
   giving us a positive environment to re-ch-nnel our positive
   energy right back into ourselves through his gazing. The
   other mira-le in this process is that it's free. Thanks Braco
   for giving me hope!
   Liza S - Los Angeles
   Just returned from my second LA experience and brought my
   skeptical daughter. A couple of minutes into the first session, a
   severe vision issue she has had for over a year cleared up. As
   an energy-sensitive person, she was able to describe for me
   quite a lot of detail about how the energy flowed out, gathered
   the energy threads from the participants, wove them together,
   and sent them up to the Matrix grid of energy that surrounds
   us all. We both got a visual of Ivica standing behind him at the
   second session, and I saw his face change several times,
   possibly to those heal-rs and ancient figures that have done
   similar deeds?
   Cannot wait to see what things continue to change for us, as
   the last month's single session already helped so much!
   Lois Marsing - Los Angeles
   I experienced Braco in LA last weekend. It was profound and
   unspeakable. The intensity of the energy affected me deeply
   and on multiple levels. I was pierced to the core and found myself
   sobbing uncontrollably about something I understood but could
   find no words to describe. I also experienced burning in parts
   of my body. There truly are no words to express the inexpressible
   I look forward to what is next. I am like a moth to the flame.
   Resident of Maui, Hawaii 2010
   My friend Beryl from Maui, is 85 and had a very purple, large skin
   c-ncer on her shoulder. Over a period of days after Braco in June,
   it just kept shrinking, so she decided to postpone the scheduled
   s-rgery a bit, and watched as it simply disappeared. I had seen it
   originally and am so Grateful and astounded to see her normal, pink


20111116-Braco. Part 2 of 2.-972.html[12/03/2022 10:29:46]
Braco. Part 2 of 2.

   healthy shoulder that looks like nothing was ever there.
   Spinnaker Wyss - Honoka-, Big Island
   I was in a car accident 10 years ago, had a ruptured disc in my
   neck and have been dealing with chronic pain ever since. I also
   have many illnesses, diseases such as Endometriosis, adrenal
   Fatigue, etc. I have seen endless doctors, a vast array of
   alternative healers. Most have not helped, many have caused an
   intensification of my symptoms . . . In January I attended 2
   Braco sessions . . .
   It's been over a month now, and I have experienced a dramatic
   change in my body as well, my neck no longer hurts after 10
   years, I have been able to cut back significantly on my pain
   meds. I stand taller, can move more freely, my body is flexible
   and feels different in many ways. I feel incredibly light, positive,
   physically warmer, fortified. I am aware for the first time in my
   life that I can access the universal energy and that anything is
   possible, including significant instantaneous changes in body
   and so-l.
   Post from 'Share your Story'
   I went to Braco once as a very skeptical person but with an open
   mind, I came out with a terrible back injury healed. I wasn't
   sure if it was real until weeks later when I could honestly say
   that I had no back pain since seeing Braco. The thing with Braco
   is he lets us heal ourselves in a way, giving us a positive
   environment to re-cha-nel our positive energy right back into
   ourselves through his gazing.
   Caitlin Crouthamel, NJ
   I was in a car accident in 2009 that led to brain damage and
   several physical limitations. Since gazing with Braco, I have
   had tremendous health improvements! I have been cleared to
   return to work, which my doctors can't even believe! My brain
   function has improved quickly and I feel no more pain! So I
   thank you Braco with all the love and light in my heart and I
   am forever grateful!
   Mariola Ziemiuk
   Something wonderful happened with my mother , she is in
   Poland. I did take her picture on Braco gaze and after one week
   mi-acle happened. She was blind on one eye. Now she can see.
   Doctors told her they can't help her, any surg-ry won't help
   her. After Braco she can see.
   Thank you for Braco, loving energy and for all of you.
   Part 2 of 2.
   John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20111116-Braco. Part 2 of 2.-972.html[12/03/2022 10:29:46]
