{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:52:13Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30890, "source_ctime_ns": 1790672339319730249, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110429-The-Lucifer-Rebellion.-Part-3.-567.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790672339034744383, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110429-The-Lucifer-Rebellion.-Part-3.-567.pdf", "source_sha256": "aee91be206efbd9b7c80d57f36fd531c7db064da50ee87c7c8893513e2198b4f"}

The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 3.


   Subject: The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 3.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 29/04/2011, 06:21
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: The Lucifer Rebellion.                      Part 3.
   April 27, 2011.
      Now we pick up the trail of Adam And Eve.
   ...................................................
   ...................................................
   ppg (759.1) 67:5.3
   Caligastia scheme for the immediate reconstruction of human society in
   accordance with his ideas of individual freedom and group liberties,
   proved a swift and more or less complete failure. Society quickly sank back
   to its old biologic level, and the forward struggle began all over, starting
   not
   very far in advance of where it was at the beginning of the Caligastia
   regime,
   this upheaval having left the world in confusion worse confounded.
   One hundred and sixty-two years after the rebellion a tidal wave swept up
   over Dalamatia, and the planetary headquarters sank beneath the waters of
   the sea, and this land did not again emerge until almost every vestige of
   the
   noble culture of those splendid a-es had been obliterated.
   When the first capital of the world was engulfed, it harbored only the
   lowest
   types of the Sangik r-ces of Urantia, renegades who had already converted
   the
   Father's temple into a shrine dedicated to Nog, the false g-d of light and
   fire.
   6. Van The Steadfast
   The followers of Van early withdrew to the highlands west of India, where
   they were exempt from attacks by the confused ra-es of the lowlands, and
   from which place of retirement they planned for the rehabilitation of the
   world as their early Badonite predecessors had once all unwittingly worked
   for the welfare of mankind just before the days of the birth of the Sangik
   tribes.
   Before the arrival of the Melchizedek receivers, Van placed the
   administration
   of human affairs in the hands of ten commissions of four each, groups
   identical
   with those of the Prince's regime. The senior resident Life Carriers assumed
   temporary leadership of this council of forty, which functioned throughout
   the
   seven years of waiting. Similar groups of Amadonites assumed these
   responsibilities when the thirty-nine loyal staff members returned to
   Jerusem.
   These Amadonites were derived from the group of 144 loyal Andonites
   to which Amadon belonged, and who have become known by his name. This
   group comprised thirty-nine men and one hundred and five women. Fifty-six
   of this number were of i-mortality status, and all (except Amadon) were
   translated along with the loyal members of the staff. The remainder of
   this noble band continued on earth to the end of their mortal days under
   the leadership of Van and Amadon. They were the biologic leaven which
   multiplied and continued to furnish leadership for the world down through
   the long dark ag-s of the postrebellion era.
   Van was left on Urantia until the time of Adam, remaining as titular head
   of all superhuman personalities functioning on the planet. He and Amadon
   were sustained by the technique of the tree of life in conjunction with the
   specialized life ministry of the Melchizedeks for over one hundred and
   fifty thousand years.
   The affairs of Urantia were for a long time administered by a council of
   planetary receivers, twelve Melchizedeks, confirmed by the mandate of the
   senior constellation ruler, the Most High Father of Norlatiadek. Associated
   with the Melchizedek receivers was an advisory council consisting of: one
   of the loyal aids of the fallen Prince, the two resident Life Carriers, a
   Trinitized Son in apprenticeship training, a volunteer Teacher Son, a
   Brilliant
   Evening Star of Avalon (periodically), the chiefs of seraphim and cherubim,
   advisers from two neighboring planets, the director general of subordinate
   an-elic life, and Van, the commander in chief of the midway creatures. And


20110429-The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 3.-567.html[12/03/2022 10:26:13]
The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 3.

   thus was Urantia governed and administered until the arrival of Adam. It
   is not strange that the courageous and loyal Van was assigned a place on
   the council of planetary receivers which for so long administered the
   affairs of Urantia.
   The twelve Melchizedek receivers of Urantia did heroic work. They preserved
   the remnants of civilization, and their planetary policies were faithfully
   executed by Van. Within one thousand years after the rebellion he had more
   than three hundred and fifty advanced groups scattered abroad in the
   world. These outposts of civilization consisted largely of the descendants
   of the loyal Andonites slightly admixed with the Sangik ra-es, particularly
   the b-ue men, and with the Nodites.
   Notwithstanding the terrible setback of rebellion there were many good
   strains of biologic promise on earth. Under the supervision of the
   Melchizedek
   receivers, Van and Amadon continued the work of fostering the natural
   evo-ution of the human -ace, carrying forward the physical evol-tion of man
   until it reached that culminating attainment which warranted the dispatch
   of a Material Son and Daughter to Urantia.
   Van and Amadon remained on earth until shortly after the arrival of Adam
   and Eve. Some years thereafter they were translated to Jerusem, where
   Van was reunited with his waiting Adjuster. Van now serves in behalf of
   Urantia while awaiting the order to go forward on the long, long trail to
   Paradise perfection and the unrevealed destiny of the assembling Corps
   of Mortal Finality.
   It should be recorded that, when Van appealed to the Most Highs of Edentia
   after Lucifer had sustained Caligastia on Urantia, the Constellation Fathers
   dispatched an immediate decision sustaining Van on every point of his
   contention. This verdict failed to reach him because the planetary circuits
   of communication were severed while it was in transit. Only recently was
   this actual ruling discovered lodged in the possession of a relay energy
   transmitter where it had been marooned ever since the isolation of
   Urantia. Without this discovery, made as the result of the investigations
   of the Urantia midwayers, the release of this decision would have awaited
   the restoration of Urantia to the constellation circuits. And this apparent
   accident of interplanetary communication was possible because energy
   transmitters can receive and transmit intelligence, but they cannot initiate
   communication.
   The technical status of Van on the legal records of Satania was not actually
   and finally settled until this ruling of the Edentia Fathers was recorded on
   Jerusem.
   The personal (centripetal) consequences of the creature's willful and
   persistent
   rejection of light are both inevitable and individual and are of concern
   only to
   Deity and to that personal creature. Such a soul-destroying harvest of
   iniquity
   is the inner reaping of the iniquitous will creature.
   But not so with the external repercussions of s-n: The impersonal
   (centrifugal)
   consequences of embraced si- are both inevitable and collective, being
   of concern to every creature functioning within the affect-range of such
   events.
   By fifty thousand years after the collapse of the planetary administration,
   earthly affairs were so disorganized and retarded that the human -ace
   had gained very little over the general evol-tionary status existing at the
   time of Caligastia's arrival three hundred and fifty thousand years
   previously. In certain respects progress had been made; in other
   directions much ground had been lost.
   S-n is never purely local in its effects. The administrative sectors of the
   universes are organismal; the plight of one personality must to a certain
   extent be shared by all. Si-, being an attitude of the person toward
   reality,
   is destined to exhibit its inherent negativistic harvest upon any and all
   related levels of universe values. But the full consequences of erroneous
   thinking, e-il-doing, or s-nful planning are experienced only on the level
   of actual performance.
   The transgression of universe law may be fatal in the physical realm without
   seriously involving the mind or impairing the sp-ritual experience. -in is
   fraught with fatal consequences to personality survival only when it is
   the attitude of the whole being, when it stands for the choosing of the mind
   and the willing of the s-ul.
   Ev-l and si- visit their consequences in material and social realms and may
   sometimes even retard spiri-ual progress on certain levels of universe
   reality,
   but never does the s-n of any being rob another of the realization of the
   div-ne
   right of personality survival. Eternal survival can be jeopardized only by
   the
   decisions of the mind and the choice of the so-l of the individual himself.


20110429-The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 3.-567.html[12/03/2022 10:26:13]
The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 3.

   Si- on Urantia did very little to delay biologic ev-lution, but it did
   operate
   to deprive the mortal ra-es of the full benefit of the Adamic inheritance.
   Si- enormously retards intellectual development, moral growth, social
   progress, and mass spi-itual attainment. But it does not prevent the highest
   sp-ritual achievement by any individual who chooses to know G-d and
   sincerely do his d-vine will.
   Caligastia rebelled, Adam and Eve did default, but no mortal subsequently
   born
   on Urantia has suffered in his personal spir-tual experience because of
   these
   blunders. Every mortal born on Urantia since Caligastia's rebellion has been
   in
   some manner time-penalized, but the future welfare of such s-uls has never
   been in the least eternity-jeopardized.
   Part 3.
   John Winston. johnfw@mllode.com


20110429-The Lucifer Rebellion. Part 3.-567.html[12/03/2022 10:26:13]
