{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T04:30:15Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 26359, "source_ctime_ns": 1790776542134468341, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110306-News-From-The-Good-Type-Space-People.-60008.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790776542031304287, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110306-News-From-The-Good-Type-Space-People.-60008.pdf", "source_sha256": "9cf7b0965833007304150cd046ce524782c3429bc9106de7d916a3e842c672e3"}

News From The Good Type Space People.


  Subject: News From The Good Type Space People.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 06/03/2011, 06:11
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: News From The Good Guys Space People.                                 Mar.5,
  2011
    Here is some good news from a type of space people who are trying
  to help us called the Arturians.
  ...............................................
  ...............................................
  J-nis
  --- On Fri, 3/4/11, Marilyn R-ffaele
  marilyn@onenessofall.com wrote:
                                MARCH 4, 2011
          Greetings dear ones, we come again to wish you a very happy time on
  your journey into enlightenment. We wish to tell you that all is proceeding
  according to plan, and earth is well on her way each moment toward moving
  into more light. Every day that passes brings more light to the earth
  through your awakening, although it does not look that way if the news is
  your window. Many s-uls have awakened and grow weary and impatient with
  never ending w-rs and the profitable businesses of wa- which continue to
  fill the coffers of those who promote it. You are quickly arriving at a
  place within yourselves that no longer accepts an energy that separates and
  divides but instead, are choosing that which allows you to see the D-vinity
  of all- not just those who look, think, act, or believe the same as you do.
  All are one with Source, all are here to learn and e-olve, and all are a
  part of the profound experience going on at this time.
          We would like to tell you that there will be some upheavals upon
  your earth in the near future, upheavals that are a necessary part of the
  energy shifts and clearings taking place. Be advised that all who partake
  of these events do so having given their permission before entering in to
  this lifetime. It was their pre-birth choice to serve in whatever way they
  could, to be of service during these ev-lutionary times so to speak, and
  nothing is random or without purpose and intention. Occasionally these
  kinds of choices are made to complete some karmic debt, which is then
  finished for the individual. We can assure you that there are no accidental
  d-aths during these times in any of the events now being witnessed. You are
  seeing the willing sacrifices of those who have freely chosen to help lift
  Gaia out of third dimensional energy and into the fifth and they lovingly
  give their lives for the cause of enlightenment although most are not
  consciously aware of pre-birth decisions. We understand that it does not
  appear this way to you; you see the many lives lost, and feel pain as you
  witness the destruction and suffering. Yet you must understand that there is
  a much grander plan unfolding here, and there is in reality, no dea-h.
  Deat- is the grandest illusion of all.
           Enlightenment is beginning to manifest as the desire for freedom and
  choice. Those who have held positions of power by force will no longer be
  enabled to do it because the new energy does not support the domination by
  the few over fellow beings. These actions are the activity of the old
  energy dear ones, that which perfectly represents duality and separation
  and has been used this way for centuries. Dictatorships and self serving
  power struggles of all kinds are quickly becoming unsustainable because
  the energy that held them in place has changed and will continue to change.
  What is coming in now is an energy of Light, unconditional love, and
  oneness.
          Just as is happening with the b-nking industry, the energy that has
  been held old ideas in place is leaving and so all houses of cards must
  fall, don't you see? Everything is energy and everything is a
  manifestation of consciousness. As more and more are awakening, the
  energy is becoming higher and higher and the outer changes are beginning
  to reflect that. Consciousness manifests in the outer as...which is what
  you are observing across the world as a desire and struggle for freedom.
          Enlightenment of the many is taking place and it grows larger with
  each day. This momentous event is the reason so many beings from other
  planets and galaxies are observing your progress from their ships.   They


20110306-News From The Good Type Space People.-60008.html[12/03/2022 10:25:48]
News From The Good Type Space People.

  are helping as they can and are encouraging you in more ways than you know,
  for you, the people of earth are accomplishing a grand feat, even though
  it may not seem that way. Be strong dear ones, be strong and push forward
  into what you are learning to be the truth. Light is dissolving the shadows
  even as we speak. Some shadows do not wish to be dissolved, but that is of
  no concern, for it is happening and nothing can stop it at this point.
          We also wish to talk about the energy of change coming to your
  businesses and services. Soon you will see new and positive unfoldment
  within the businesses of health, ba-king, education, culture and all other
  facets of living. As the people of earth become enlightened, their ways of
  doing things will shift to a higher level. Everything you see, hear, taste,
  touch, or smell is actually a Div-ne idea which is being interpreted and
  manifested according to the consciousness of individuals. A world
  consciousness of duality and separation has up to this point, interpreted
  health, business, arts etc. as you have known them-sometimes good, and
  sometimes not so good. As mankind moves into a higher and more
  enlightened state of consciousness, these same ideas will begin to
  manifest in higher, more enlightened, and better forms.
          All facets of life will be refined, manifesting on much higher
  levels and reflecting this more enlightened world consciousness. This
  gives you an idea of the future, and how it will not be the loss of all you
  know and love, but will instead be all that you know and love on a higher
  and better level.   Many live in a fear born of ignorance regarding these
  times, believing them to be the end of all things. It is only the end of
  the lower resonating interpretations of life, those ways of living that you
  have accepted for so long. You will rejoice in the new dear ones, for it
  will be all you know and love and more, but now lived and experienced on a
  higher and more enlightened level.
              We are the Arcturian Group
  3/4/11
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110306-News From The Good Type Space People.-60008.html[12/03/2022 10:25:48]
