{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T00:38:41Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31555, "source_ctime_ns": 1790705064193893698, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110514-Morgellons.-Part-3.-608.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790705064177744396, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110514-Morgellons.-Part-3.-608.pdf", "source_sha256": "bf4283aafe2b2ba625a68dca1f937eacfe804c20e7d12a0864a05e6d6569f18f"}

Morgellons. Part 3.


   Subject: Morgellons. Part 3.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 14/05/2011, 15:06
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Morgellons.              Part 3.
   May 14, 2011.
      This talks about Mt. Shasta.
   ....................................................
   ....................................................
   - INTERESTING PLACES DEPARTMENT -
   Stargates, Vortex Spots, Portals And Energy Worm Holes You Can
   Visit
   By Timothy Green Beckley
   Ancient people knew that wherever the earth's energy gathered
   into a vortex was a sacred place. They knew - and scientists are
   beginning to understand once again today - that we are
   surrounded by a tremendous amount of energy that has been
   provided for us by the Creator. It's available for the asking if
   we could only learn to harness the forces of the universe in a
   positive way. Some refer to it as the cosmic flow. We could
   enter Stargates, learning to travel through space and time, and
   perhaps power our homes and automobiles at a fraction of the
   cost of what we spend today.
   There are certain places you can "feel it in the air" - where
   the atmosphere prickles with electricity making your hair stand
   on end. There are certain s-cred spots where the earth vibrates
   at a higher level. These are earth's vortex regions, its
   gateways to other dimensions.
   Here is a list of some of the spots which are so mystical that
   thousands visit them annually so as to mingle with other worldly
   intelligence. Of course, one has to go to these places very
   gingerly, very carefully, as there are certain "hazards" which
   might confront the novice along their s-iritual journey.
   Sedona - Located in the State of Arizona, in the Great South
   West, Sedona is the Mecca for New A-e orientated travelers. Here
   for several centuries Native Americans have performed
   shamanistic rituals drawing on the power generated by the red
   rocks said to have great healing properties. Landmarks such as
   Bell and Cathedral Rocks are said to be doorways to another
   dimension. UFOs have been known to dot the sky and strange
   beings from other realms often materialize and are caught on
   film. One of the "hot spots" for UFO sightings known as the
   Bradshaw Ranch has been purchased by the Department of Land
   Management and is now "off limits" to tourists. Celebrities such
   as Shirley M-cLaine can often be seen strolling the streets of
   Sedona. There are many art galleries and m-taphysical centers to
   occupy a person's time when not doing a bit of backpacking.
   Bermuda Triangle - Hundreds of planes and ships have
   mysteriously vanished in this swirling vortex of ocean situated
   between Florida, Puerto Rico and Bermuda. Flying into the area,
   veteran pilots have often reported their navigation equipment
   going wild. Mysterious balls of light have been seen descending
   and shooting out of the ocean. Christopher Columbus even
   reported strange aerial displays in the captain's log. From time
   to time, mysterious fogs roll in to land from out at sea and
   individuals report being drawn almost into a hypnotic trance.
   Though most scientists are skeptical, there are others who
   believe such an unknown power can be harnessed and used to our
   advantage. This is a true Stargate - but some who have entered
   have not returned to tell the tale.
   The Great Pyramid - Egypt's Pyramid of Giza is the largest
   structure in the world built by man (JW There are larger
   pyramids in China.). Archaeologists contend that the Great
   Pyramid was used as a burial chamber for the pharoahs.
   They don't find it a mi-acle that the blocks of stone weigh many


20110514-Morgellons. Part 3.-608.html[12/03/2022 10:27:21]
Morgellons. Part 3.

   tons each, and it seems impossible even for hundreds of slaves
   to move them into their proper position. Believers in the
   Ancient Astronaut theory say the construction of the Great
   Pyramid might have come about with the help of
   extraterrestrials. Arcane researchers have presented many other
   views including a variety of geophysical, astronomical,
   numerical, and p-ophetic interpretations made by explorers,
   authors, and visitors to the Great Pyramid over the last 200+
   years. These interpretations run the range of topics such as the
   Great Pyramid having been used as a sundial, to the calculation
   of the speed of light, to the prediction of the exact dates of
   the birth of Adam, the Exodus, and the birth, b-ptism, and
   crucifixion of Je--s. It is perhaps the most recognizable vortex
   on Earth.
   Stonehenge - There are various theories as to who actually
   constructed Stonehenge, a huge circular monolith located on
   Salisbury Plane in England. Going back many hundreds of years,
   we know that the Druids used it for their r-ligious ceremonies
   and that it acts as a huge sundial and calendar. Tourists flock
   here especially during the equinox to have their vibrations
   lifted. Some have reported "missing time," voyages out of the
   body. A rather new phenomenon associated with the region around
   Stonehenge is the unexplained appearance of crop circles
   consisting of mysterious, compelling designs that appear
   overnight in fields of grain in the same area in the form of
   circles, intricate geometric symbols and glyphs. (In the UK,
   they're actually known as "corn circles.") For a long time one
   of the best spots to see a UFO was in the nearby town of
   Warminister, where nightly skywatches were organized.
   Mount Shasta - For the more adventuresome who are willing to go
   out on their own and disappear from society for a while.
   Lemurians and survivors of other "Lost Civilizations" are said
   to roam the mountain freely and occasionally wander into town to
   trade gold for supplies. A strange r-ce of "little people"
   appear at night to collect edibles and return to their s-cret
   cavern homes. Native Americans residing in the backwoods say
   they have not only heard the screams of Bigfoot, but have seen
   these hairy creatures close-up! Here, some have claimed to have
   visited Telos, the capitol of the Inner Earth occupied by the
   Ascended M-sters of Wisdom. There are also accounts of
   mir-culous healings, including those by folks whose eyesight has
   been regenerated after being struck by mysterious blue beams of
   light coming from inside the mountain.
   Mojave Desert - Stretching for hundreds of square miles, the
   Mojave Desert is said to draw UFOs like a magnet. Many of the
   early reports of meeting with human-looking aliens took place in
   spots like Joshua Tree and at Giant Rock, one of nature's
   largest standing rocks where crystal partials are imbedded,
   increasing the proper cosmic vibrations suitable for contact
   with other dimensions. Many ghost towns dot the area, left over
   from when prospectors flocked to the region in a frenzy for
   gold. There are chilling tales of abandoned mines, mysterious
   creatures, spook lights and even a haunted Opera House in the
   middle of Death Valley. One of the most scenic settings in the
   world, Mother Nature offers all the complements necessary for
   peaceful trance-like states or for c-anneling.
   Romania's Hoia-Baciu Forest - There is even a mag-cal forest in
   Romania. The Hoia-Baciu Forest is, for sure, one of the
   country's most famous locales, where a series of inexplicable
   phenomena have been investigated and analyzed. It is called "the
   Bermuda Triangle of Transylvania." As one website
   (
   juliasromaniaguide.com/hoiabaciuforest/
   ) explains it, "The Hoia-Baciu Forest keeps on being fascinating,
   especially because of what the witnesses say about the strangest
   physical sensations, the lights in the middle of the night, the
   shapes, forms, the strange appearances of human faces, the
   voices and the different colors. The place has shortly become
   famous among the pa-anormal and esoteric events specialists,
   entire teams of famous scientific explorers from Germany, France,
   USA and Hungary visiting the Hoia-Baciu Forest even during the
   Communism and managing to catch some inexplicable phenomena."
   We hope this brief check list will wet your appetite for more
   information on the subject of natural Stargates and portals to
   other dimensions. There could be a spot near where you live that
   can evoke a spi-itual or mys-ical experience. Mountainous


20110514-Morgellons. Part 3.-608.html[12/03/2022 10:27:21]
Morgellons. Part 3.

   regions like those at Brown Mountain, North Carolina and the
   Andes of Peru can trigger something within you - you just have
   to go looking for it.
   Source: League of Western Fortean Intermediatists
   http://forteanswest.com/lowfiguesteditorial-TimBeckley0511.php
   - UFOS AROUND THE WORLD DEPARTMENT -
   UFO Sightings on the Rise in Finland
   UFO sightings are becoming more frequent in Finland. UFO
   enthusiasts catch glimpses of hundreds of unidentified objects
   annually, but most of them turn out to have a logical
   explanation. Ufologists doubt that the a-med forces are
   concealing information about their own sightings.
   A typical UFO sighting involves noticing a bright light moving
   strangely across the sky in the dark. Hardly anything else can
   be said to describe the phenomenon, says Lasse A-onen from the
   UFO-Finland organization.
   Ufology has been Aho-en's hobby for the last 46 years. A mere
   photo is not enough proof for him.
   "We always need basic information about the pictures. The
   internet is full of mere images."
   Planets and debris
   There have been considerably more UFO sightings in Finland in
   recent years. The two organizations in this field, Finnish UFO
   Research Association FUFORA and UFO Finland, yearly receive some
   three hundred reports of sightings altogether.
   An airplane's lights or a planet might cause strange light
   phenomena. Sometimes no further explanation is needed than
   debris in a camera's lens. Ufologists say that a natural
   explanation is found for most cases.
   However, a few remain unsolved. Some UFO enthusiasts believe
   that visits from aliens account for some of them.
   "At this stage, all options should be kept in mind and kept
   open," Ahon-n says.
   Part 3.
   John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110514-Morgellons. Part 3.-608.html[12/03/2022 10:27:21]
