{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T12:01:49Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33510, "source_ctime_ns": 1790774181636371182, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110924-The-Kings-Chamber.-880-57ff5798ef.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790774181613360337, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110924-The-Kings-Chamber.-880-57ff5798ef.pdf", "source_sha256": "a8a38dd0fe145ff37a332df508f81a41d606981e217038bf4ac22aca78ea871d"}

The Kings Chamber.


  Subject: The Kings Chamber.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 24/09/2011, 06:10
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: CJ Journal.
  Sept. 22, 2011.
     Here is the journal where a person has a lot of fun talking about UFOs.
  ............................................................
  ............................................................
  * C-nspiracy Journal *
  9/16/11 #637
  http://www.conspiracyjournal.com
  Subscribe for free at our subscription page:
  http://www.members.tripod.com/uforeview/subscribe.html
  You can view this newsletter online at:
  http://uforeview.tripod.com/conspiracyjournal637.html
                     MR. UFO BACK ON COAST TO COAST AM
  Yes that's right! Our own Tim Beckley will be dazzling up the
  airwaves on Thursday Sept 22 at 2 AM EST (technically Friday
  morning) when he goes one on one with the always gracious
  Coast host George Noory.
  Though you never know where the conversation will take them,
  Beckley will be busy plugging away to get new Conspir-cy Journal
  subscribers (heck it don't cost anything) as well as discussing this
  week's book selection ROUND TRIP TO H-LL IN A FLYING SAUCER.
  www.CoastToCoast.Am
  Beckley recommends listening on affiliate
  www.wwnc.com
  which is also home to Joshua P W-rren's Speaking of Strange program
  every Sat. evening at 9 PM (Eastern).
  SPECIAL DEAL FROM CONSPIR-CY JOURNAL
  Round Trip To He-l In A Flying Saucer:
  UFO Parasites - Alien Soul Suckers -
  Invaders From De-onic Realms
  THIS BOOK WILL SCARE THE HEL- OUT OF YOU!
  DOES SATAN DRIVE A FLYING SAUCER?
  ARE D-MONS KIDNAPPING HUMANS AND PERFORMING SADISTIC
  EXPERIMENTS ON THEM ?
  IS THERE A RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN B-OOD SACRIFICES AND
  ANIMALS AS WELL AS HUMAN MUTILATIONS ATTRIBUTED TO
  EXTRATERRESTRIALS?
  CAN ALIEN LIFE FORMS SHAPE SHIFT, TURNING INTO HUMANS,
  GROWING ORBS, FIREBALLS, OR EVEN MANIFEST THEMSELVES
  AS PHYSICAL 'HARDWARE' TO FOOL US INTO BELIEVING THEY
  ARE MECHANICAL DEVICES?
  It's the dirty little secret of UFOlogy -- something that only
  a few insiders dare discuss amongst themselves. For example,
  Lord Hill-No-ton, the late five-star Admiral and the former head
  of the British M-nistry of Defence, believed strongly in the
  existence of UFOs. But he did not see them in a positive light,
  professing instead in his privately printed UFO Concern Report:
  "UFOs are essentially a r-ligious matter rather than a mi-itary
  threat and furthermore there is certainly a degree of p-ychic
  involvement in almost every case. Quite often, however, such
  experiences are definitely antithetical to orthodox Ch-istian
  beliefs."
  Journalist and author of "The Mothman Prophecies" (made into a
  film starring Richard G-re) John A. K-el was adamant when he
  stated: ". . ..The UFOs do not seem to exist as tangible
  manufactured objects. They do not conform to the accepted


20110924-The Kings Chamber.-880.html[12/03/2022 10:29:27]
The Kings Chamber.

  natural laws of our environment. . .The UFO manifestations seem
  to be, by and large, merely minor variations of the age-old
  demo-ological phenomenon."
  Other researchers of supern-tural phenomena have noted that...
  The casting of magi-al spells, the performance of oc-ult
  rituals and a ceremony to conjure up spiri-s are sometimes
  attempted by witnesses prior to a UFO appearing in their
  proximity.
  PLUS -- THE JINN -- NAZI FOO FIGHTERS - ALEISTER C-OWLEY
  This frightening book can be yours for the SPECIAL PRICE OF
  ONLY $--.-- (Plus $-.00 for shipping.) You can't find this
  book for this special price anywhere else.
  PLUS! If you order right now, you will receive a free DVD of
  Country Western singer and stunt man for Elvis Presley, Johnny
  Sands, describing his near abduction experience outside of
  Vegas and his frightening encounter with the M-B.
  Global Communications
  P.O. Box 753
  New Brunswick, NJ 08903
  - PAY NO ATTENTION TO THE MAN BEHIND THE CURTAIN
  DEPARTMENT -
  Alien Abductions: Mi-itary Manipulation?
  by Nick R-dfern
  Pretty much everyone, I'm sure, who is acquainted with
  conspi-acy theories will also be aware of at least some of the
  controversies pertaining to accounts of so-called alien
  abduction. And, for the most part at least, it all began on the
  night of September 19, 1961. On that night, Betty and Barney
  Hill, a married couple from New Hampshire, were driving home
  from Canada when they were subjected to a terrifying experience.
  Until their arrival home, there was little to indicate that
  anything untoward had happened during the course of the journey,
  however.
  After some months of unexplained emotional distress, the couple
  could take no more, and they sought assistance from Benjamin
  S-mon, a Boston-based psychiatrist and neurologist. Subjected to
  rigorous time-regression hypnosis, both Betty and Barney
  recalled what had taken place during that missing two hours.
  Astonishingly, they provided very close account of encounters
  with seemingly alien beings who had taken the pair on-board some
  form of craft, and who had subjected them to a variety of
  distressing physical examinations.
  Since that day, hundreds - perhaps even thousands - of similar
  accounts have surfaced throughout the world. A turning point
  came in 1981 with the publication of the late Budd H-pkins' book
  Missing Time. Detailing a number of such accounts, Ho-kins put
  forward a theory suggesting that at least one extraterrestrial
  species was involved in the routine abduction of human beings.
  Hopki-s' later work revealed a potentially far more sinister
  link to the abductions: namely, that the aliens were kidnapping
  people as part of some genetic operation, the goal of which was
  the production of a half-alien, half-human hybrid r-ce.
  There is, however, another aspect to the alien abduction
  mystery - one that is, in some ways, even more controversial
  than the extraterrestrial hypothesis. There are those
  researchers and eye-witnesses (or perhaps "victims" would be a
  much better term) who believe that alien abductions have nothing
  to do with the activities of real-life extraterrestrials, but
  are, in reality, the result of clandestine work undertaken by
  the U.S. mil-tary.
  So the theory goes, the mili-ary uses the alien abduction motif
  as a carefully-camouflaged cover to allow for the continued
  testing of new technologies, such as mind-altering and mind-
  controlling d-ugs, and sophisticated hypnotic techniques on
  unwitting and innocent citizens.
  An example of a case of alleged alien abduction that appears to
  have been part of a sophisticated mind-control operation is
  described by A-ison, a now-forty-year-old woman from Arizona,


20110924-The Kings Chamber.-880.html[12/03/2022 10:29:27]
The Kings Chamber.

  who lives on a ranch not too far from the town of Sedona. From
  the age of twenty-seven to thirty-one, Al-son was subjected to
  at least five kidnappings that bore all the hallmarks of the
  classic alien abduction scenario.
  On each occasion, she was in her living-room, either reading or
  watching TV, when her two pet dogs - Lucy and Summer - began to
  act in a distressed fashion - pacing around the room and
  whimpering. At that point, things always became a blur, and
  Alis-n would later find herself in a different part of the house
  with several hours of time having passed. She would always awake
  feel groggy, and with a pounding headache and dry mouth.
  For days after the weird experiences, she would dream of the
  moment when things would begin to go awry - which always
  resulted in a complete loss of electricity inside the house, a
  deep humming noise emanating from outside the large living-room
  window, and powerful and intensely bright lights enveloping the
  room.
  In her semi-conscious state, Alis-n would see small shadowy
  figures scuttling around the room. They would then carry her
  outside onto a small craft where she was subjected to a
  gynecological examination and some form of nasal probing. She
  would then be returned to another part of the house and the
  aliens would leave. It was only after the aliens had departed
  that the intense humming noise would cease.
  On what Ali-on believes to have been the fifth abduction,
  however, the mysterious humming sound abruptly came to a sudden
  halt, only a few seconds after her cosmic visitors had entered
  the room. At that point, -lison recalled - significantly, not in
  a later dream on this occasion but in real time - she began to
  slowly regain her senses. And, very surprisingly, so did the
  aliens. In their place was not a group of frail-looking bald-
  headed, black-eyed "Grays," but a number of large and burly men
  wearing what looked like suspiciously like bla-k mi-itary
  fatigues.
  According to A-ison, one of the men screamed into a small
  microphone something like: "What's happened?" The men then
  suddenly started to back away slowly. And, as Ali-on began to
  regain her senses, one of them held his hand up "as if to say
  'stay where you are.'" Alis-n did as she was told, that is until
  the man was out of sight and out of the house.
  Alis-n then made her still-slightly-groggy way to the living-
  room window - just in time to see the group men jump climb
  aboard not a state-of-the-art extra-terrestrial spacecraft, but
  instead a very terrestrial-looking bl-ck helicopter. At a height
  of several hundred feet, a powerful lamp was suddenly turned on
  by someone aboard the helicopter that lit up the dark sky around
  her property.
  Today, Alis-n has cast aside her ufological beliefs, and firmly
  believes that as a result of a combination of subliminal
  hypnosis, mind-altering technologies, and perhaps even non-
  lethal weaponry designed to temporary disable her nervous system
  and bodily movement, she was ingeniously made to think she was
  an alien abductee. But that in reality, she was merely the
  guinea-pig for the testing of sophisticated weaponry designed to
  affect and manipulate both mind and body.
  There's no doubt that an alien abduction phenomenon exists.
  But, the big question is: does it originate up there, down here,
  or - incredibly - is it a combination of both.
  Source: Mysterious Universe
  http://mysteriousuniverse.org/2011/09/alien-abductions-military-manipulation/
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20110924-The Kings Chamber.-880.html[12/03/2022 10:29:27]
