{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:28:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33492, "source_ctime_ns": 1790682849012089848, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110920-Underground-Bases-Blown-Up.-Part-3.-873.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790682848980941031, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110920-Underground-Bases-Blown-Up.-Part-3.-873.pdf", "source_sha256": "f345b496f27ce305d9abcffdce662cb6c00742fb60cfa5a81da2c34c422e7e4a"}

Underground Bases Blown Up. Part 3.


  Subject: Underground Bases Blown Up. Part 3.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 20/09/2011, 21:52
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Underground Bases Blown Up. Part 3.
  Sept. 20, 2011.
     This talks about the reading on a certain seismic chart.
  ......................................................
  ......................................................
                           THE W-R ON T-RROR WAS OBVIOUSLY A FAKE
  BF: In any case, the South Koreans told the Chinese that an ass-ssination
  order was out for me. This was because of my publicly calling for the Asians
  to stop spending their savings on this vast m-litary machine.
  You have got to remember, during the Cold War they actually had this
  anti-Comm-nism excuse.
  But, the Wa- on Te-ror was so obviously fake that it was just ridiculous to
  anybody who does any serious research or investigation.
  DW: Right.
                        CHINESE SEC-ET SOCIETY OFFERS PROTECTION
  BF: I got invited to join a Chinese s-cret society that offered me
  protection
  from this assa-sination order and that's how I found myself in this sec-et
  world of financial power.
  The group that offered me protection was the group that was behind the
  non-aligned nations.
  It crosses borders. If you think in terms of countries, you don't understand
  how these people work.
  They have big factions in China, in the US and in Europe both against and
  for them. It crosses borders.
  If you think in terms of nation-states, you won't understand how these
  groups work.
       CHINESE FIGHT FINANCIAL BATTLE BY BUYING REAL ASSETS
  In any case, a financial battle started. There were many, many public
  salvos.
  In 2006, the Chinese wanted to use their dollars to do something other than
  buy Treasuries.
  They tried to buy the o-l company U-ocal. C-ngress passed a law saying they
  could not.
  So then they took their dollars and they went to Africa, South America and
  everywhere, and started spending them on real things like mines and
  agricultural land and commodities.
  Not virtual things like fancy and impossible to understand derivatives
  products, which are basically con jobs.
  DW: Ponzi schemes. Yeah.
  BF: Yeah.
                              FOOD AND OI- PRICES INCREASED BY C-BAL
  The other group tried to retaliate by jacking up food and oi- prices.
  Remember there were hunger riots in 33 countries at one point.
  DW: Yeah.


20110920-Underground Bases Blown Up. Part 3.-873.html[12/03/2022 10:29:25]
Underground Bases Blown Up. Part 3.

  BF: It was an economist at the Wo-ld Bank who pointed out the reason
  people were going hungry was that they were paying farmers to grow -il
  [ethanol made from corn] instead of food.
  That put an end to that.
                           2008 L-HMAN SHOCK WAS ASIAN COUNTER-ATTACK
  Then there was a counter-attack.
  The [leaders of the ca-al] were told that we would no longer accept
  dollars printed within the U-ited States.
  That's what you know of as the Le-man crisis.
                76 PERCENT DROP IN JAPANESE CAR EXPORTS TO THE US
  You can check this in the public record.
  If you look at Japanese export statistics, from October or November 2008,
  after the Le-man shock, you will see something like a 76 percent
  year-to-year
  drop in Japanese car exports to the US.
  This was the Japanese and other people saying, You can no longer use paper
  to buy stuff from the rest of the world. You have to trade with real things.
  Of course, your public was not let in on this.
  DW: That's where I think people's brain is going to get busted. Nobody
  publicly knows that this Leh-an shock had anything to do with Asia.
  BF: Yeah, I know. The way you can check it is to look at the export-import
  statistics after the Leh-an shock.
  The other way to check it is to look at the Baltic Dry Index.
  That's the price of shipping.
                              90 PERCENT DROP IN THE PRICE OF SHIPPING
  You will see that the price of shipping dropped 90 percent right after the
  Lehm-n shock.
  DW: Wow.
  BF: That's because the ships were no longer going to the US, full of stuff,
  and then leaving empty [with nothing but worthless paper and IOUs].
  These are ways people can verify what I'm saying with public-record
  information.
  DW: Good. Okay.
     NORWAY SHOOTING WAS AN ATTEMPT TO EXTORT 1.50 TRILLION
  BF: Getting back to the blowing up of the underground bases, this group was
  being cut off more and more at a high level, and they were running out of
  money.
  They were trying to extort money from various countries.
  They k-lled the youth group of the ruling party in Norway that was the
  Norway attacks because they were trying to extort the 1.5 trillion-dollar
  o-l
  fund the Norwegian govern-ent controls.
  They were saying, Hey, we're going to ki-l you if you don't hand over your
  money.
  DW: [They were] just desperately trying to find cash.
  BF: Yeah. They invaded Libya to take over their o-l fields, because the
  Libyans told them, We're not going to give you oi- for your paper anymore.
  DW: Hmmm.
  N-CLEAR B-MB S-UGGLED INTO JAPAN WITH 70 KILOS OF M-RIJUANA
  BF: In the case of Japan, again, I have sources who are actually dr-g
  smug-lers. They have been selling drugs in Japan for 70 years.


20110920-Underground Bases Blown Up. Part 3.-873.html[12/03/2022 10:29:25]
Underground Bases Blown Up. Part 3.

  These are C-A types. The CI- dr-g-smu-gling division.
  They told me that a nu-lear bo-b had been brought in with their latest
  shipment of dr-gs.
  This was a 70-kilo shipment of adulterated Thai ma-ijuana that was brought
  in through Okinawa.
  They found a nuc-ear bo-b mixed in with it.
  And of course, with these guys, smug-ling d-ugs is one thing, but
  s-uggling nu-lear we-pons is another.
  They told the police, and they told me. I made it public.
  They followed the bo-b as far as the North Korean citizens association
  headquarters in Tokyo.
             FOUR N-KES S-OLEN FROM THE RUSSIAN SUB K-RSK
  I have independent confirmation from a Mr. Paul L-ne, of Pe-tagon
  mi-itary int-lligence he was a part of the Men Who Stare At Goats group
  that four nu-lear wea-ons were st-len from the Russian submarine
  Ku-sk after it sank.
  I think it was in 2000 or something.
  It was one of those nu-lear we-pons that was smuggled in [to Japan].
  DW: Stolen by who, though?
  BF: This is the O-essa group. The Na-i group. The one that was trying to
  set up a fa-cist world go-ernment a Fourth R-ich.
  DW: Okay. How did they get to the Ku-sk to get these nukes out?
  BF: I don't know the technical details, but they have submarine bases in
  various parts of the world. I assume it was from one of these submarine
  bases.
                       WHY STEAL NUKES IF YOU CAN BUILD YOUR OWN?
  DW: The next question, then, would be why would they need to get it
  from the Kurs- if they are powerful enough to make their own?
  BF: The public nuclear devices are under strict safety protocols.
  You can't just take them and then blow them up somewhere. There are
  too many people involved in the chain of command.
  They tried to do that.
     M-NOT AIR F-RCE BASE INCIDENT: FAILED SMUG-LING ATTEMPT
  There were incidents where [the good guys] just barely stopped a
  nuc-ear --------
  DW: Right. Like the Mi-ot Air Fo-ce Base incident.
  BF: Yeah, exactly.
  DW: The soldiers did a mutiny and would not commit this Broken Arrow.
  That's what they called it in code terms.
  [Insiders attempted to smu-gle out a nuc-ear weapon from Mino- AFB.
  Several of these heroes d-ed as a result of standing up against this plan
  and
  refusing to allow the nuc-ear wea-on to be stolen.]
  BF: There you go. What they needed was some nucl-ar weap-ns that were
  not under any official gove-nment control.
  DW: Okay.
           JAPANESE SHIP DRILLING TEN KILOMETERS AT EXACT EPICENTER
  BF: There was a J-panese drilling ship known as the Chikuyu M-ru that can
  drill ten kilometers into the seabed.
  They were drilling at the exact epicenter of the earthquake.
  We had an article from January 17 in a local paper saying they were


20110920-Underground Bases Blown Up. Part 3.-873.html[12/03/2022 10:29:25]
Underground Bases Blown Up. Part 3.

  drilling there.
  They put the bo-b in the seabed.
                     HAND OVER THE CASH OR TOKYO WILL BE NEXT
  This was an attempt to extort money, through te-ror, from the Ja-anese.
  DW: So they warned Japan that they put the n-ke in [the seabed] before
  they asked for money?
  BF: No, they asked for money afterwards.
  DW: Oh, wow.
  BF: If you don't do it, next it's Mount Fuji.
  DW: For people who don't know, Fujiyama is right around Tokyo, which
  is the largest population center of Japan.
  BF: Yes. That's right.
  DW: So basically they are saying they would nu-e Tokyo, which is how
  many million people? Thirty or forty million?
  BF: Thirty million or so.
  DW: Right. Okay.
                    JA-ANESE PRIME MINISTER HANDED OVER 20 BILLION
  BF: The Jap-nese prime minister [Naoto] K-n originally was so c-wardly,
  he just said, Oh yeah, all right, we'll sign over money.
  He handed over something like two trillion yen, which is about 20 billion
  dollars. And they gave him a big b-ibe.

  MAJOR B-TTLE WAS TRIGGERED IN JAPAN TO REMOVE THE C-BAL
  The evidence that this was not a natural disaster began piling up.
  The result has been a ba-tle here in Japan to remove these people
  from control.
       WHY DO YOU THINK THIS WAS NOT A NATURAL EARTHQUAKE?
  DW: Some people might not realize there is any evidence that F-kushima
  was not a natural disaster. Could you just briefly touch on a couple of
  points that you think are the most significant?
  [Right before the disaster, I published dream data warning of a huge
  catastrophe that was about to happen. It was stunningly detailed and
  accurate.
  http://www.divinecosmos.com/start-here/davids-blog/921-bouncingback
  The original prophecies were posted here and
  http://www.divinecosmos.com/start-here/davids-blog/925-japanowo
  the analysis appeared here.
  BF: If you look at the seismic chart, you will see a sudden explosion.
  It's not like a natural earthquake, where you have pre-shocks. It was just
  suddenly huge, and then it started fading down.
  Part 3.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110920-Underground Bases Blown Up. Part 3.-873.html[12/03/2022 10:29:25]
