{"created_utc": "2026-10-06T00:42:01Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27719, "source_ctime_ns": 1790704548831580402, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110320-Only-We-Can-Change-The-World.-472.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790704548829115484, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110320-Only-We-Can-Change-The-World.-472.pdf", "source_sha256": "938142ca9262056afb1f1480632b0ba746ae7a48894661915832ccef53d4dd08"}

Only We Can Change The World.


  Subject: Only We Can Change The World.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 20/03/2011, 20:42
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Only We Can Change The World.
  Mar. 20, 2011.
    The space people say that they will not come in and change everything.
  The prefer that we do it ourselves.
  .............................................
  .............................................
  A very profound message from the Arcturian Group. Please feel free to share.
  Ja-is
    From: era
                     From:
                      "Marilyn R-ffaele"
  marilyn@onenessofall.com
                                             MARCH 19, 2011
                        Greetings dear ones, we come again to talk with you
  about the many things you are experiencing and are about to experience. We
  are see you moving quickly into the higher energies and because of this, you
  are going to be seeing many more changes upon your dear planet earth. You
  are now witnessing energies of change within your financial systems; a
  system which is riddled with inequalities and false promises made by those
  who would keep you struggling in the dark. We see you beginning to
  understand that there is more to life than what you have been led to
  believe. We see you beginning to realize that you are all One-one Life
  manifesting as individual life; an awareness that is bringing the changes
  needed upon your earth to shift you and her into the new energy. We see you
  awakening to ideas of truth; ideas that allow you to honor yourselves as
  well as others in a way that has not been present on earth before. What you
  are witnessing as much chaos is the releasing of old and negative energies.
  Please try not to go into and energy of fear, all that are a part of this
  have chosen to do so.
                        Be prepared to welcome your brothers and sisters from
  inner earth and other planets for they are awaiting your welcome and cannot
  be of much assistance until you accept them as real, and ask. You must
  understand that because you are free will beings, no one, not even those
  highly evolved beings trying to assist earth, can simply step in and change
  your world (this is your job) even though they can easily see what is
  needed. Those of you who cry out for help, must first begin to take a stand
  within yourselves. This is a movement that is awakening you to your own
  power dear ones, an awakening into the realization that since you are also
  of the D-vine, you also can access guidance from within your own
  consciousness. It is a time to take a stand for that which you now know to
  be the truth, and to speak up for yourselves as needed.
                        We see much change coming within this year, and yet
  understand that all change is the effect of the energy in place at the time.
  Therefore predictions may often seem to be erroneous simply because the
  energy has changed since the prediction was made. You see, you are creating
  your world moment by moment. You are making the changes happen and it is
  you the people of earth, who are moving Gaia closer to her and your
  ascension. All is proceeding according to plan, in fact even more quickly
  than previously believed, for many have now awakened and many are now
  filling the world with the light of awareness.
                        Events of the past month, will continue to unfold, for
  it is only through the dissolving of old energy structures, that the new can
  be built. We see more experiences of earth chaos for awhile because these
  events bring forth much needed change in individuals, groups, cultures,
  rigid belief structures, and Gaia. Gaia is trying to align herself with in
  a way that enables her to manifest the energy of the new dimension. She is
  trying make these adjustments in the easiest way possible, but at times
  there simply is no other way to do it. That which seems to be chaos is
  change.
                                  We see your world shining with the light of


20110320-Only We Can Change The World.-472.html[12/03/2022 10:25:54]
Only We Can Change The World.

  transformation, a light reflecting energy change, and a light reflecting
  truth. This has upset those who keep the status quo-that is you staying in
  the dark so to speak, because they are now losing their hold on you. Once
  you have awakened to your own power, you no longer need organized r-ligions,
  c-urches, g-vernments, and so called experts to tell you what to do. This
  suggestion often offends those who wave their flags and shout, "rah rah, my
  country right or wrong", however the world cannot play this game much longer
  for it is now the time for taking back your power. Go-ernment yes, but a
  gov-rnment for the people and by the people, not one of "for us through your
  hard work". Chu-ches yes, but chur-hes that teach you to go within
  yourselves and do not preach that only their leaders have answers so
  therefore you must go to them, and preferably bringing along a large
  donation.
                        Many s-cret meetings are taking place at this time
  reflecting an element of your world that struggles to hold the old "houses
  of cards" in place either through their ignorance or selfish intentions.
  However, what they do not realize is that the energy that holds all
  "houses of cards" in place, is rapidly leaving- shifting and changing to a
  new and higher energy which in turn will manifest in new and higher ways,
  and which support the Di-ine individuality of all creation.
                        Hold on to your hats, dear ones, for the ride is only
  beginning but always know that all is proceeding according to a Div-ne plan
  of enlightenment. Do not fear the leaving behind of all your old concepts
  and beliefs, for that which is real can never be lost, it is only that
  which is old and untrue that is finished. Your founders in the USA wrote
  the constitution from a deep level of consciousness. These were awakened
  beings and were guided by the Light. This Divin-ly inspired constitution
  has often been perverted to serve the desires of those who although
  intelligent, were not as enlightened as the founders, resulting in their
  choosing to manipulate words and meanings to serve their own interests.
  However, not all your leaders are of this energy; there are some statesmen
  among the p-liticians, and these are the ones to support and listen to.
  They too are struggling to find answers within all that is happening at this
  time.
                        Your p-esident is an evolved being, but he is not
  being allowed to bring through many of his enlightened ideas at this time,
  but he will. Send him Light dear ones, for he is now facing so many
  obstacles to his way of seeing and doing.
                        It is actually a time for rejoicing, for you are
  beginning to see change unfolding. Hold tightly to truth in spite of world
  events and the reports of your news media. Be open to new realizations, and
  tell your Higher Self that you are ready to ascend, and then hold on dear
  ones, for all you have held dear that is in and of the old energy is going
  to change. Without resistance, allow the release of all that is finished
  in your world, letting go of any and all concepts based in duality and
  separation in order to ride on a beam of Light and awareness, filled with
  joy and abundance of every sort.
                        You are whole, complete, unconditioned love, now and
  forever- always have been and always will be regardless of what present
  circumstances or appearances may be.
                                  We are the Arcturian Group
  3/19/11
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110320-Only We Can Change The World.-472.html[12/03/2022 10:25:54]
