{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:53:57Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 28976, "source_ctime_ns": 1790678263599206631, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110713-The-Veil-Of-Tears.-60501.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790678263598086755, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110713-The-Veil-Of-Tears.-60501.pdf", "source_sha256": "70e75e85511650684c3336b24e80e06738bfb31db38c9f6e8ef32ca158a1688d"}

The Veil Of Tears.


  Subject: The Veil Of Tears.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 13/07/2011, 15:30
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: The Veil Of Tears.
  July 13, 2011.
      This explains what the Veil Of Tears is.
  ........................................................................
  ........................................................................
  Jan-s
               Sheldan N-dle 7-12-11
           Update by Sheldan Ni-le for the S-iritual Hierarchy and the
  Galactic Federation
          7 Ben, 11 Kumku, 7 Ik

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
            Dratzo! We return! We sit and wait in much anticipation high above
  you. We know that the d-vine moment for our Earth allies approaches! The
  dark has long been in control of your go-ernments and, indirectly, your
  lives; and now this long reign of tyranny is to come to a long-awaited end.
  Certain agreements are ready to be made public which will dictate the
  te-mination of the dark's rule. Although the new monetary and financial
  system is also ready for immediate implementation, the finalizing of a
  necessary set of accords constituting the legitimacy of the new temporary
  gove-nments is still delaying matters. The heads of these interim regimes
  will completely revamp the world that is familiar to you. They will
  institute the distribution of universal w-alth and set up new gov-rnance
  that is truly transparent and obedient to the people. These caretakers are
  to oversee the introduction of the sequestered technologies and the formal
  disclosure of our existence. Many dedicated adherents of the dark are to be
  revealed and ar-ested for serious c-imes against the people and the world.
  And this is just the beginning.
                Restructuring gove-nment is one of their most weighty tasks:
  it entails nothing less than a full reexamination of the daily workings of
  governm-nt and the manner in which its many services are executed. It is
  essential that each of you play a role in assisting these caretakers in
  carrying out this in-depth overhaul. As you move ever close to full
  consciousness, you become more able to add your well-considered suggestions
  to the process, as it is this very process of open dialogue between citizens
  and the new gov-rnance that will make the transition smooth and
  constructive.
              Naturally we expect glitches and some bumpy times ahead, and we
  know that advice from us on many issues will be needed as this restructuring
  phase plays out. Reframing your entire global society in such a short space
  of time is a truly daunting undertaking, and you are being asked to 'jump in
  the deep end.' Differences of opinion between you are inevitable, and we
  therefore offer your Agarthan cousins and ourselves in the role of mediators
  and counselors.
                The path ahead of you is being paved by the actions of our
  Earth allies and by the series of formal announcements which are to
  completely transform the world you now know. A post-disclosure world will at
  first feel utterly different. Also, the dark's increasingly ominous
  supremacy will be at an end. Resources hitherto withheld from you will be
  yours, and these will brighten your journey through the transition into a
  new reality and show you the undreamt-of potential you possess.
              Similarly, your relationship to Gaia is to change dramatically,
  and the presence of the Agarthans will stand your current notion of her
  geophysical make-up on its head! You will learn about how planets are
  created hollow, and this will found a new planetary physics, initiating a
  wholly new scientific paradigm for your society, one which combines S-irit
  and matter. These new physical sciences will lead to fresh views on the
  origins of life and the nature of physicality, allowing you to better
  understand what we are to bring into your lives.
                This r-volutionary scientific and philosophic knowledge, as
  well as official confirmation by your gover-ments of your collective
  ascension, will define your last days as surface dwellers. The next step
  will introduce you to the wonders and beauties of Inner Earth. Planets are
  magnificent Beings who possess both inner and outer realms. Our task is to


20110713-The Veil Of Tears.-60501.html[12/03/2022 10:27:55]
The Veil Of Tears.

  help a planet to link these realms and to sustain them at their full
  potential.
              This work brings you into contact with the flora and fauna of
  both realms, allowing you to discover the amazing differences and
  similarities of the two worlds and thus, how the ecological balance is
  maintained. This husbandry is one of society's primary tasks.
              Once you are fully conscious, all the animals and plants can
  speak to you and explain what they require to live and prosper. The podlets
  assigned to specific tasks at the planet's various nodal points use this
  prime energy to sustain the complex ecologies of both realms. It won't take
  you long to become true stewards of Gaia and all her life forms.
                Blessings! We are your Ascended M-sters! The final parts to a
  very convoluted puzzle are now being put in place. Over the past few
  millennia, the dark and its earthly minions have been able to run this world
  as they pleased. Nevertheless, during this time the Light slowly gained
  adherents in key places, and these cracks in the dark's solidarity allowed
  us to form several crucial s-cret societies around your planet, dedicated to
  serving your Ascended Mas-ers.              These organizations are now using
  their connections and resources to force the dark from its seats of power.
  This mission has produced a series of legal precedents which are about to
  achieve our aims, and we are ready to make the announcements, which will
  doubtless shock many of you. It is generally assumed that these illegal
  regimes are immune from change, but such is not the case! Prepare yourselves
  for some astonishing broadcasts in the immediate days ahead!
                The Light inundating your world in an ever-strengthening flow
  is melting the veil between your sp-ritual and physical realms. This action
  also raises the frequencies of your cellular RNA/DNA, waking people up in
  record amounts, and so the numbers of people calling upon us each day has
  risen exponentially. We hear your p-ayers and requests, and use our own
  energies to help and sooth your growing distress, which is a direct result
  of the increasing collapse of your reality.
              The dark is determined to cling to the wreckage they created,
  and we are equally intent on transforming it into Light. He-ven has given us
  the decrees to transform this 'veil of tears' and we are eager to finish
  this s-cred task!   In anticipation of this, our associates have placed
  themselves in positions where their triumph is now assured.
                The period we are passing through is when Mother Earth is to
  be made over to the Light. This process is nearly done. The end of this
  particular stage will be the formal announcements that proclaim that our
  space family is here and ready to disclose its program for the landings. At
  the same time, the first broadcasts from our Agarthan family will go out. We
  have lived among them for millennia and know how much they desire to reunite
  the realms of Inner and surface Earth.
              They intend to show you around their glorious world and prepare
  you for your journey back to full consciousness. The environs and residences
  where this is to take place are ready and waiting for your occupancy. We
  have supervised all the preparations and greatly look forward to completing
  your ascension. It is vital that the divi-e plan be manifested, and
  manifested now!
                Today, we gave you more information about the progress of some
  of the changes that are to transform your world. We also explained that a
  number of programs are close to instituting a new fina-cial and monetary
  system, as well as several new caretaker gov-rnments. We look forward to
  meeting you in the physical and being your mentors during your return to
  full consciousness. Know, dear Ones, that the countless Supply and
  never-ending Prosperity of Heav-n are indeed Yours! So Be It! Selamat Gajun!
  Selamat Ja! (Sirian for Be One! and Be in Joy!)
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Planetary Activation Organization | Mailing Address: P. O. Box 4975,
  El Dorado Hills, California 95762 USA
          Voicemail: 808-573-3110 | E-mail: info@paoweb.com | Website address:
  www.paoweb.com
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110713-The Veil Of Tears.-60501.html[12/03/2022 10:27:55]
