{"created_utc": "2026-10-07T03:28:32Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 34686, "source_ctime_ns": 1790686734807313985, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110823-C-Journal.-Part-3-of-3.-815.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790686734752585955, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110823-C-Journal.-Part-3-of-3.-815.pdf", "source_sha256": "b9ec217ea912fe70a13cc15ea18ba5d1d8f9174abd06d4afd4ecd2d4121f53db"}

C Journal. Part 3 of 3.


   Subject: C Journal. Part 3 of 3.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 23/08/2011, 05:41
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: C Journal.             Part 3 of 3.
   Aug. 22, 2011.
      This talks about flying people.
   ..........................................................
   ..........................................................
   My pet cat was also acting strangely, his eyes seemingly
   following something or someone who was not there. At other times
   he would awaken out of a sound sleep with a jolt; focusing on
   one part of the room blinking in curiosity. I eventually smudged
   my house with a sage stick and the activity abruptly stopped.
   Could it have been that my strong feelings and thoughts about
   this man enticed his sp-rit to me? Or perhaps another random
   entity I picked up on the information highway that day? Who
   knows. I firmly believe that the human mind is even more
   powerful than we realize, and that those on the other side can
   tune into that power.
   So I'll ask again: Do you believe that it's possible a spi-it
   can haunt a person via the internet? I do.
   Source: Unexplained Mysteries/Melyssa Glennie-Puckett
   http://www.unexplained-mysteries.com/column.php?id=3D91941
   - ONE STEP BEYOND DEPARTMENT -
   'P-ychic Kindergarten' Teaches How to Explore Ps-chic Abilities
   Long before J.K. Rowling ever conceived Hogwarts, a small group
   of students in Berkeley, Calif., were learning what Harry Potter
   would have called "divination."
   It's called "psy-hic kindergarten," beginner lessons for
   cla-rvoyants, where they learn how to read colored sp-rits, feel
   chakras and "blow roses." Susan B-stwick, the president of the
   Berkeley Ps-chic Institute, is also one of its teachers.
   "What we do is teach people to discover, go in and find out
   what your abilities are, and how do you want to use them for the
   greater good," she said.
   Bo-twick stressed that, unlike Harry Potter and his friends,
   what she and her students are practicing is not m-gic.
   "We talk about ma-ic and mi-acles, [but] it's allowing yourself
   to have what you're experiencing in life as a mira-le," she
   said. "I'm teaching people to use their psyc-ic ability. They
   already have it."
   The institute, which is an offshoot of the C-urch of the D-vine
   Man, is a new a-e re-igious group, which bases its teachings on
   the Bi-le's New Testament and has been around for 38 years. It
   has had 300,000 participants come through, according to Bos-wick.
   When the students are asked to "blow roses" in "ps-chic
   kindergarten," it means they are being asked to imagine a rose
   as a way of focusing the mind. In their minds' eye, they then
   visualize the rose exploding, which is supposed to clear their
   thoughts, getting rid of any distracting ps-chic energy.
   The students also spend time talking about colors of ps-chic
   energy. Each of the colors has different meanings. For example,
   gold means sp-ritually awakened or inspired.
   "In kindergarten, you're just there to play and learn and
   discover," said Bingo Ma-asigan, director of the Berkeley
   Psy-hic Institute. "That's what we do here. We provide the
   space. It's a playground for you to play with energy."
   After graduating from the institute, the participants use their


20110823-C Journal. Part 3 of 3.-815.html[12/03/2022 10:29:12]
C Journal. Part 3 of 3.

   skills in many different fields. One is a clair-oyant debt
   counselor; another, a self-styled ps-chic hairdresser. Another,
   named Nysa, lives near Napa Valley, Calif., where she reads
   people's a-ras -- the psy-hic energy that surrounds our bodies
   in vivid colors.
   Places, such as a house or an apartment, also can have aur-s
   from the ps-chic energy people have left behind. A group of
   psych-c h-alers from the institute now work in real estate
   conducting "house hea-ing," at the request of a real estate
   agent. They clear the rooms of any negative energy left over
   from the previous owners.
   Real estate agent Luis Castillio-M-noz says he uses the he-lers
   purely to help houses sell. He had them come to one house where
   the former tenants were out of work and couldn't afford to pay
   the rent for six months.
   "It's my business, so if I want to sell a house, you put energy
   in, energy comes out," he explained. "We'll do whatever it takes
   to get it sold."
   However, the house in question still hasn't sold.
   Bo-twick said that part of what they teach in "psy-hic
   kindergarten" is how to put the disappointments of life in
   perspective because they believe there is more reality than
   people can see.
   "Learn to be amused by the things around you," she told her
   class. "When you're amused, the problems tend to get a lot
   smaller."
   Source: ABC News
   http://abcnews.go.com/Health/psychic-kindergarten-teaches-
   budding-mediums-explore-gifts/story?id14293377
   - STRANGE CREATURES FROM TIME AND SPACE DEPARTMENT -
   Unsolved: Flying Humanoids
   By Stephen W-gner
   Astonishing accounts of "people" who fly - with wings or without.
   Monsters and unusual creatures of almost every description have
   been reported over the centuries. From dinosaur-like animals to
   fairies to bizarre hodgepodges like the Jersey D-vil, there
   seems to no limit to the variety of unexplained creatures people
   claim to have seen with their own eyes. One of the most curious
   types of sightings - and quite rare - are those of human-like
   beings that fly. "Human-like" because in most respects they look
   like us, except that they have wings. In most cases, these odd
   creatures are not assumed to be either a-gels or d-vils (as
   traditional depictions have them as human-like beings with
   wings), but as something else. Something quite unusual.
   Brooklyn Batman. Over 100 years ago, a man named W. H. Smith
   told the New York Sun that he saw a "winged human form" flying
   over Brooklyn, New York on September 18, 1877. Just about three
   years later, there were multiple reports from Coney Island,
   Brooklyn, of a man with bat-like wings flying overhead at
   approximately 1,000 feet. The man was flying toward the New
   Jersey coast, witnesses told the New York Times, and that he
   bore a "cruel and determined expression" on his face.
   Wingless An-el. It's easy to dismiss such sightings as
   misidentified birds or a-cohol-induced illusions when one or two
   people report them. When as many as 240 people, however, attest
   to seeing the same thing, the reports are far more difficult to
   discount. Such a sighting look place over several of days in
   June, 1905 in Voltana, Spain. The accounts consistently
   described a woman dressed in white flying through the air -
   without the aid of wings. The woman sometimes flew against the
   wind, and one woman said she might have heard it singing as it
   passed overhead.
   Flying Robot. It was the winter of 1936 in the Pavlodar region
   of Kazakhstan in what was then the U.S.S.R. when this sighting
   took place. Mrs. E. E. Loznaya was a 15-year-old girl then, and
   one day as she was walking to school on a quiet road, her
   attention was caught by a strange figure above her. Flying


20110823-C Journal. Part 3 of 3.-815.html[12/03/2022 10:29:12]
C Journal. Part 3 of 3.

   quickly across the sky was a man-like figure dressed completely
   in b-ack. Despite its speed, the girl was able to see and
   describe it clearly. He was "of medium height and his bl-ck
   clothes covered him completely, like overalls," she said. It
   made a rumbling noise and appeared to her to be wearing a helmet
   of some kind, had a bla-k surface where the face should have
   been, and wore a "rucksack" on its back.
   Russian Legend. There had been legends of a flying man in the
   Soviet Union, but not quite like the one described above.
   Hunters around the Sikhote Mountains near Vladivostok claimed to
   have come across prints of a barefoot human that ended abruptly,
   as if he had taken off into the air. Such a creature was
   actually seen by writer V.K. Arsenyev in July, 1908. "I saw the
   mark on the path that was very similar to a man's footprint...
   then something rushed about nearby trampling among the bushes.
   Then I stooped, picked up a stone and threw it towards the
   unknown animal. Then something happened that was quite
   unexpected: I heard the beating of wings. Something large and
   dark emerged from the fog and flew over the river."
   Brazilian Birdmen. In the early 1950s, a couple was taking an
   evening stroll near their home by the sea at Pelotas, Brazil.
   When two fast-moving shadows crossed their path, they looked up
   to see what they at first thought were two enormous birds flying
   about 30 feet above the ground. It was soon evident to the
   couple that these were not birds at all when the two flying
   creatures descended vertically and landed not far away. It was
   then clear that they looked like men, standing about six feet
   tall. Discovering they were being watched by the couple, the two
   "birdmen" squatted close to the ground, as if trying to hide.
   The female half of the couple convinced her husband to leave -
   and quickly.
   Mad Inventors? Several people saw a flying man over Chehalis,
   Washington on January 6, 1948. Bernice Z-ikowski was one of
   them. She was soon joined by some schoolchildren who asked to
   come into her garden to get a better view of the aerial mystery.
   The man, in an upright position, was hovering just 20 feet above
   her barn, she estimated. He was apparently kept aloft by long
   silver wings that were strapped to his body. He seemed to have
   controls of some kind on his chest, which he worked to maneuver
   himself with a lot of whizzing noise.
   A strikingly similar case was reported eight years later in
   Falls City, Nebraska. On a fall afternoon in 1956, "John H-nks"
   saw a winged creature flying only about 15 feet above the
   ground. Its wings were like shiny aluminum and had multi-colored
   lights running along their underside. The wings, spanning 15
   feet, were clearly attached to the man by means of a shoulder
   harness. This flying man also had some kind of control panel
   affixed to his chest, and he manipulated the dials as he flew.
   This sighting could be attributed to some remarkable invention
   if not for the witnesses description of the flying man himself:
   leathery wrinkled skin, large watery blue eyes and a face that
   was "very frightening, almost d-monic." The witness also
   attested that he was paralyzed as this "man" flew over.
   In April 1948, in the city of Longview, Washington, two
   witnesses saw no fewer than three helmeted men flying around in
   a similar manner. The witnesses could see no motors or
   propellers, yet it seemed to them that they could hear motor-
   like sounds. (It's worth noting the similarity of these last
   three accounts to ultralight aircraft or hang gliders; but of
   course, they hadn't been invented yet.)
   Flying Man Returns. In 1952, Sinclair T=ylor, a young soldier
   on guard duty at Camp Okubu near Kyoto, Japan, likewise saw a
   flying thing he first thought was a bird. As it came closer and
   hovered above him, the guard could distinguish that it had a
   man's body that, if he were standing, would be seven feet tall.
   Its wingspan was also estimated at seven feet. Feeling
   threatened, he fired at the being with his rifle, but whatever
   it was had vanished. Strangely, when the guard reported the
   incident, his sergeant revealed that another guard had a similar
   experience the previous year.
   Part 3 of 3.
   John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20110823-C Journal. Part 3 of 3.-815.html[12/03/2022 10:29:12]
C Journal. Part 3 of 3.


20110823-C Journal. Part 3 of 3.-815.html[12/03/2022 10:29:12]
