{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T14:50:31Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31533, "source_ctime_ns": 1790744161876993804, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110613-Message-From-KRYON.-Part-3.-60424.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790744161875195887, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110613-Message-From-KRYON.-Part-3.-60424.pdf", "source_sha256": "fda6d56a5ba6c202a85fa58f14e1b3bf5fbc906c71c5d136f103e352381e28d5"}

Message From KRYON. Part 2.


  Subject: Message From KRYON. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 13/06/2011, 14:40
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Message From Kryon.              Part 2.                     June
  13, 2011.
     This discusses human nature is changing.
  .........................................................
  .........................................................
  Oh, by the way, let's talk about the spaceships that are going to come
  get you. It's time you saw all of that mythology for what it is. Every
  single
  culture all through the ages had some kind of rescue plan. And whether
  the masters were going to come and get you and pull you out of your
  seats or whether spaceships were going to come and get you, all of it
  is the same scenario. Look at it for what it is. The mythology that says
  you're no good, Earth is going to crash, and you've got to be rescued. Do
  you see the pattern? It's with you today in modern belief systems and
  was with the ancients as well.
  It is a totally Human-based attribute and comes from fear. So it's time
  for you to understand that this is the mythology of an old energy.
  The truth is that you're rescuing yourself every single day because you're
  changing the consciousness of this earth and planting the seeds of peace
  on Earth that your children and your children's children may actually
  see and be part of. You sit in the chairs today knowing that. It's time to
  see things for what they are. All of those of you involved in all these
  c-nspiracies, we cry for you, because some of you are old s-uls. Oh,
  look at what you could be doing instead of looking for doom! It is time
  to stop, turn your eyes upon your Higher-Self, and use your compassion
  for thousands who are homeless. That helps the planet. Turn your eyes
  on those who have lost their families in the last month or so! That helps
  the planet. Fear doesn't help anything. Compassion creates quantum
  energy. Fear creates darkness.
  The I-luminati Today
  There's more. Let's talk about the elephant in the room. There are many
  Lightworkers who still feel that there is a group of financial
  powerhouses, and you call them whatever you want to - the Il-uminati
  is the most common - that are supposedly controlling everything. For
  those who think this way, all the financial markets are controlled. All
  the g-vernments are controlled. Elections are controlled, and all the
  money is controlled on the earth. So now we're going to ask you to use
  some spi-itual logic. If such an organization still exists today with that
  kind of power and who controls everything, they're doing a very bad job!
  Because the way they make their money is in stability, not in chaos.
  There are those who will say, "Oh no, no, no. They make their money
  selling we-pons." No, they don't. Normal Humans do. Do you know how
  most of their money is made?
  Money exchange! Shipping. All the things that need to be there in a stable
  economy. If they are controlling things, they are failing! Do you know how
  you can tell when there is control of a stock market? Because it doesn't
  move much. It's always the same, with small adjustments to benefit those
  who control it. It goes up a little and down a little, just like in the
  days of your father and his father. And when it crashes, it crashes big.
  Then it creeps up very, very slowly. That is symbolic of a controlled
  market, where it loses its balance and can't sustain the control, so it
  crashes. So when that is happening, there is a stable economy, and lots of
  money being put in and pulled out very gradually on purpose, in order to
  create the desired swings. But never too much, never too little - to keep
  it stable. Now, why don't you draw the curve of where your stock market
  has been lately? Then take a look at the curves. Does it really look like
  anyone is controlling it? A hundred points here, a hundred points there,
  and nobody knows what it's going to do because it's no longer controlled.
  You've got to start using spirit-al logic for these things and see the
  truth.
  One of the worst things that ever happened to the Illu-inati was the
  European Union, because that idea took away the money changers!
  They're about ready to do it in South America in the next generation.
  You watch, because they're thinking about it now, even as I speak.
  Human Nature is Changing
  There's a new concept afoot, a change in Human nature. We've spoken


20110613-Message From KRYON. Part 3.-60424.html[12/03/2022 10:27:41]
Message From KRYON. Part 2.

  about this before. How many of you studied European history? And in
  school, did your mind fill up with all of the dates you had to memorize?
  Who conquered whom and when? Over and over and over, every single
  country had their turn conquering another country.
  Borders moved constantly. As far back as you want to go, that's what
  Humans did. They separated, gathered, and conquered. But as little as 50
  years ago, it all stopped.
  We've said this before. Fifty years ago, a seed, an idea, was planted at
  the end of World W-r II.
  "Let's put these European countries together," they said.
  "Let's even drop the borders and eventually give them one currency."
  Do this and they'll never wa- again, they predicted, for countries with
  common economic sources don't go to -ar! And that's exactly what's
  happened. Did it work? It's fairly fresh, but their money is threatening
  to take over the strength of your money, did you notice? It's worth more
  than yours.
  They still struggle to make it work and balance it. But then again, you do
  the same in the U-ited States, always fine tuning the unity.
  South America is considering the same thing right now. The seeds are
  being planted in Brazil.
  Within a generation, they would love to see the borders dropped and one
  currency.
  Can they do it? Perhaps. Perhaps it will take longer. Why do it?
  Because they see the European Union with the strongest currency on
  Earth. We've said this before. Here is a prediction: Perhaps not in your
  time, but there'll come a day when there are only five currencies in the
  world, because continents will start understanding that unification creates
  peace and prosperity. Separation creates chaos. What a concept.
  The Weather
  Let's talk about the weather.
  We retreat to exactly what we told you before in this very chair. The
  water cycle is a cooling cycle, not a heating cycle. You're going to have
  more severe winters and storms. It's going to get colder. But it gets
  warmer before it gets colder. That is the cycle, and it has always been
  the cycle. You can see it in the rings of the trees and the cores of the
  ice. Don't let your scientists pull the political wool over your eyes for
  their own purposes. Start seeing these things for what they are. It's a
  recurring cycle based on four Earth alignment attributes, including the
  wobble (the precession). You're in this cycle.
  Prepare.
  The beginnings of it will be with you from now at least until the end
  of the 2012 36-year window, and you can watch it work. The first thing
  that happens is that the ice melts at the poles, but not completely. It's
  the way it has happened before. As the redistribution of weight from
  the poles to the oceans of the earth takes place, the weight is
  redistributed to the crust, and that creates earthquakes. And the
  earthquakes that will be the most powerful are the ones that are
  closest to the poles. We told you that some time ago. So it's not a
  mystery that suddenly you have some of the most powerful earthquakes
  that you've ever had. Not only that, but a cooling ocean creates larger
  storms.
  What do the conspiracists do with all this? "See? We're doomed. Here
  it comes," they say.
  "Here it comes! The end is here!" Twenty-two years ago, we gave you
  the information that is happening today. We told you about the weather.
  We told you to get ready for it, but we still haven't told you why the water
  cycle is needed. We've hinted at it since it is very controversial, and
  we'll lose many readers right here and now. Here's the prediction: The
  scientists are going to laugh and biologists are going to scratch their
  heads and roll their eyes.
  The Refreshing of the Cycle of Life
  When you change the temperature of the waters of the planet, it changes
  the life cycle of the ocean and it eventually renews itself. The life
  cycle of the planet has a limit to its viability over time. There has to be
  a refreshing of the very cycle of life, and this is what the water cycle
  does. Are there any places you've seen too many fish lately? Yes. Millions
  of salmon in the north. Odd that it was in Alaska, isn't it? Alaska is very
  close to the poles where the water temperature is being felt first. Oh,
  again the experts will tell you that this is not the reason. It's about
  hatcheries and rivers. But nobody predicted this, did they? Science is
  fast to give you reasons, but slow to give you logic in advance. They
  always seem to be surprised.
  We are saying things we haven't said before. Again, watch for this, an
  actual change in the life cycle of the planet's oceans because of the
  water temperature shift.
  Biologists are going to have to start redesigning the paradigm of how
  everything works, including reefs, ocean bottoms, and how plankton
  survive and reproduce. Listen, this is not the first time that the life


20110613-Message From KRYON. Part 3.-60424.html[12/03/2022 10:27:41]
Message From KRYON. Part 2.

  cycle has been refreshed! But again, this may take generations of
  humanity to complete. In the process, you may again lose species. This is
  normal. Gaia is slow, and Humans are impatient. Your textbooks may
  someday tell of how naive humanity was back in 2011 when they tried
  to blame weather changes on everything but a natural cycle. Now you
  know why there is a water cycle.
  So what does that tell you about Gaia? Gaia is beginning the cycle of
  refreshing life on over-fished oceans. It tells you that in the cracks,
  there is love and caring about the Humans who live on the earth.
  There's a reason you're here. There's a plan here, and a benevolent Universe
  and quantum energy with intelligent design. All is there for you, precious,
  s-cred Human Being.
  The New Consciousness
  Look at the planet historically over the last 50 years and you will see
  a gradual healing of humanity - a putting together, not a tearing apart.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20110613-Message From KRYON. Part 3.-60424.html[12/03/2022 10:27:41]
