{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:23:43Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31314, "source_ctime_ns": 1790682231591562079, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111119-DK-s-Experiences-Of-Being-Controlled.-Part-2.-980.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790682231081621713, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111119-DK-s-Experiences-Of-Being-Controlled.-Part-2.-980.pdf", "source_sha256": "c943f32d930c311382419045c5b214e8de14b75a9bab4fafe8e7bd26f6435728"}

DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 2.


  Subject: DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 19/11/2011, 21:39
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 2.                               Nov. 19, 2011.
      This discusses mind control.
  ...................................................
  ...................................................
  I may be mistaken about the intentions of the mind controllers
  and from some points of view the whole operation looks like a cruel
  exercise in experimental psychology and behavioural science. There
  were many examples of psychological w-rfare techniques, all
  deniable of course.
  For example, you would enter some public place and, just as if by
  chance, there would be an ununiformed local p-lice officer watching
  a video, where old-style pr-son-doors were slammed repeatedly and
  where the guard would be rattling the keys expressively. On one
  occasion, two pol-ce officers were pretending to beat up a guy, but
  the way it was done indicated that they did it for the audience, i. e. me.
  People from the public also took part in this kind of deniable
  psychological wa-fare, for example a lady, with the looks of an
  honorable citizen, would be driving a carriage with a little HIV-
  infected kid in it, with a notice indicating that the HIV was caused by
  a b-ood transfusion. I interpreted this as a form of deniable
  harassment. First they make everybody beleive that an innocent
  person is a d-ug dealer despite the fact that he has never even
  touched the stuff and then they have everybody try to make him
  commit -rug-related crime, finally they try to make the guy feel
  guilty for the infected bl-od coming from dru- addicts that he
  has supposedly caused. If I would have asked her she could deny
  that there was ever such an intention. That this was just an
  innocent little march, not aimed at anyone in particular.
  But of course I never asked.
  If you pick such an example out of it's context, you might argue
  that a person who reacts like I do when I interpreted her
  intentions the way I did, is simply imagining things. Its nothing
  there. It's just paranoia.
  However in this particular case, it would be illogical to disregard
  the context, arranged and unnatural like it was, every hour of
  the day. In general, by design, it's difficult to prove it's there,
  but if you have ever experienced that sort of deniable
  harassment for any longer period of time, you will know. The
  reason for this is probably in many cases that people tend to
  reveal their feelings and intentions by their body language and
  by unintentionally giving little clues. They may also feel uneasy
  about taking part in organized harassment, even though some
  euphemism for 'harassment' is probably used to describe it to
  those participating. The true size of such an operation may
  not even be known to more than a few persons in key positions.
  This was just an arbitrary example of deniable harassment.
  It was not done by a male rogue, but by a fine lady, presumably
  with the best of intentions. ( I hold no hard feelings against her
  or any one else of the people from the public who played these
  little pantomimes. With or without d-ugs. But I don't want to
  miss the opportunity, to point out that sometimes fine people,
  with the best of intentions, can be used by machiawellian
  organizers as excellent instruments of state repression.
  The machiawellian mind can turn anything into a we-pon. )
  It may seem very harmless to you now, but to me, at that
  particular time, it seemed as if they tried to d-monize me,
  and I was really scared, that the mind controllers wanted to
  make preparations for a terminal event, in which I would be
  left physically paralyzed in some kind of compromising
  situation, involving dr-gs and all. The official explanation
  would be that I had taken an overdose of something. I would
  be left paralyzed, without being able to speak to defend
  myself. And I would seem to be the kind of person who


20111119-DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 2.-980.html[12/03/2022 10:29:48]
DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 2.

  caused little children to get HIV and who really got what
  he deserved in the end. You may laugh about it, but at
  the time this didn't seem like an entirely unrealistic
  outcome. And I beleive that these brain implants can indeed
  be used in that way. In this connection it should be
  mentioned, that there exists openly available information,
  which discusses other types of implants, probably of a much
  simpler design, which by some experts are expected to
  revolutionize (it's costeffective!) the handling of prisoners.
  These
    1.. Can be controlled by satellite
    2.. Can be used to paralyze a prisoner if he moves outside of an
  allowed region.
  Another model, 'Sky-Eyes' is said to
    1.. be invisible in an xray scan
    2.. be easily implantable
    3.. Does not need a battery
  Elsewhere in this site there are several references to litterature
  on this subject.
  Anyway, as I was taking photos of the ununiformed p-lice officers,
  who recurrently turned up in the uncessant surveillance operation,
  somebody among the organizers must have panicked a bit, because
  suddenly I almost ran against a person with a strange appearance.
  He wore glasses of an unusual kind. The glasses were very thin
  vertically and colored. He was probably around 40 and his clothes
  were normal making the glasses look very bizarre. One explanation
  for using the glasses would be as a disguise, provided that the man
  had such unusual features, that the shape of the eyebrows and
  the eyes would be more easily concealed by such glasses then by
  other equipment that they could find in a hurry.
  Why would this bizarre appearance turn up there? He carried
  two boxes, looking like old typewriter cases or, maybe cases for
  sewing machines.
  Something of that size. Each hand was occupied by the handle
  of such a case and the man naturally had his walking legs
  between the pair of cases. This means, that anyone who passed
  this man on either of his sides would be exposed to the outer side
  of the nearby case, while the man would not be exposed likewise.
  This means that if there would be anything dangerous emanating
  from the outer part of the cases, this danger would only affect the
  passerby, not the man who was carrying the cases.
  Here is my hypothesis: I beleive this man was carrying
  two cases, each containing a radioactive substance, emitting
  strong gammarays. By a press of his hand on the handle he
  could make some shielding lid open temporarily and as the
  passerby would pass him, he and his camera would be
  exposed to the gammarays, erasing the camera film, while
  the man who carried the boxes would be safe. I avoided
  passing the man, since I suspected, this to be some kind of
  trap. I was quite sure that this really was a high-tech
  'camera k-ller', and I also decided it would be unwise
  continuing to use the camera, since I figured I wouldn't be able
  to defend myself against people who were willing to let
  things go this far. In less than a day they managed to
  destroy my film by other means, leaving a harmless part of
  the film unaffected. The torture continued and after about
  a week of mind-control horrors, they made it impossible
  to have any kind of rest in my home. I left, but realized I
  had nowhere to go. The few people I knew were gone for
  vacation or I wasn't in any shape for running around to look
  for them.
  I ended up talking to some people at the hospital, and they
  said 'You need someone to talk to' and as so often happens
  for people subject to state repression, the only help they will
  offer is psychiatry, I accepted it since there weren't many
  other options left, being tortured in my home like I was.
  Everybody knows that the psychiatrists will never dare to go
  against the state and defend a person, who accuses the
  i-telligence agencies of torturing him. I never mentioned
  anything about an implant, but when asked, I did say that I
  beleived that I was being harassed by some in-elligence
  agency or antit-rrorist po-ice force. I figured such teams might
  have access to otherwise classified high-tech equipment.
  I took great care to behave calmly and only answered the
  personnel on direct question. When they realized that I was
  accusing the authorities, they suggested I should take their


20111119-DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 2.-980.html[12/03/2022 10:29:48]
DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 2.

  fine medicine, and totally unprovoked, they also said frankly,
  that they could use violence if I didn't comply. So much for
  Sweden's human rights. Further the head of the mental
  hospital, behaved oddly. He sat down by my side and made sure
  our eyes couldn't meet. He looked straight into the wall. It
  struck me that he looked really scared, as if he was under
  pressure. I thought, maybe he had been given instructions
  by the authorities. For whatever reason he behaved thus, it
  certainly didn't increase my respect for psychiatry.
  Many years later I have read about psychiatrists who really
  beleive that the authorities do things of this nature, and that
  some psychiatrists are afraid of being punished in the same
  way if they tell. I don't think this was the case here, but it
  wouldn't surprise me if they know about a lot of abuse, that
  they never pass on, for whatever misdirected loyalty.
  The learned helplessness experiment
  My room-mate, during my 3-day sejour at the mental hospital,
  was a psychotic, who got medicine that made him calm. He
  stayed in the room when I didn't say anything, but when I did,
  it wouldn't be long before he would leave the room for a little
  while, and when he returned, he would, as it appeared, be
  waiting for me to say something more. This somewhat odd
  behaviour went on for a while, and I thought, that somebody
  wanted me to think that my room mate was reporting what
  I was saying to him.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20111119-DK's Experiences Of Being Controlled. Part 2.-980.html[12/03/2022 10:29:48]
