{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T13:32:42Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30482, "source_ctime_ns": 1790687960790426510, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110930-Ruth-s-Newsletter.-894.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790687960788342383, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110930-Ruth-s-Newsletter.-894.pdf", "source_sha256": "d79e3a17d4f4d4c03778d11b316d1efb74e5dfac4645a4f032f2539c2fc09bae"}

Ruth's Newsletter.


  Subject: Ruth's Newsletter.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 30/09/2011, 22:49
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Ruth's Newsletter.
  Sept. 30, 2011.
    Here is the latest from Ruth telling us what she thinks the weather will
  be like in October.
  ..................................................................
  ..................................................................
  Ruth R-den's monthly message from the M-sters of Light
  Ja-is
  From: ruth_ryden_newsletter@yahoogroups.com
  [mailto:ruth_ryden_newsletter@yahoogroups.com]
  On Behalf Of Ruth Ryden
  Sent: Friday, September 30, 2011
                            NEWSLETTER #109 FROM RUTH AND THE MA-TERS OF LIGHT
                                                                  October, 2011
            Good Morning Dear Readers!   Despite crop failures all over the
  country
  and the world, this small part of the world here near Payson has been
  remarkable in that the apple trees are absolutely loaded and our pear tree
  has
  been dropping beautiful and delicious pears for the first time in years!
  Even
  the trees and underbrush have been bursting with lush growth! On the other
  hand, prices at the grocery are still going up and down, reflecting our
  changing world. The predictions all over the web of terrible things to
  happen
  these last few days have fizzled out, naturally, except for quakes in the
  tropics that will probably continue for some time.   It all boils down to
  how
  each of us experiences our lives and the situations around us. Knowing
  we have forces around us that help and protect us makes it all easier.
  Bless you all for being part of my spiritual family!
     Mas-ers, what will you tell us about world conditions and atmospheric
  anomalies?
   MAS-ERS:   October brings a natural change of the seasons, but the seasons
  will be almost violently different in many parts of the world. Let's start
  with
  the U.S., Canada, and Mexico.   This month will see periods of beautiful
  fall weather, with the northern trees turning color, but the leaves will
  fall
  sooner and temperatures vacillate dramatically. In the southern areas,
  crops will ripen sooner and demand rapid reaping to avoid losses. Canada's
  temperatures will start to fall sooner and become perhaps one of the
  coldest winters on record. This will drift down into northern U.S. also.
  Mid-America will be receiving, again, many unforetold storms and high
  winds during the middle of the month, then greeting unusual light snowfalls.
  Mexicos Fall season will surprise the population with colder than normal
  temperatures and high amounts of rainfall as the Pacific sea shares its
  typhoon/hurricane anomalies with coastal areas.
   Earthquakes will continue all along the western coasts of these lands, as
  expected. The under-sliding Pacific plate is moving slowly, starting and
  stopping according to the magnetic pull from your solar system.   The
  possibility of very strong quakes is growing, slowly, but progressively.
  It
  is time for those living along these coasts to think about alternative
  locations and/or have emergency supplies prepared and ready to go. Inland
  volcanoes will be affected by such movement, of course, and will react
  accordingly. This applies to most of Mexico, and even to the Canadian
  highlands.
   In the meantime, prepare for a very cold, stormy, and white winter. See
  that children are dressed very warm and have extra gear available ASAP.
  Check on your older loved ones and those who are unable to help themselves
  in these situations see that they have adequate fuel and food supplies.
  Even if this sounds very negative, there is great beauty and excitement


20110930-Ruth's Newsletter.-894.html[12/03/2022 10:29:29]
Ruth's Newsletter.

  awaiting you during these times. The skies will have colors and cloud
  formations that will astound the scientists, and unexpected warm days
  will bring everyone out to enjoy winter sports. Be careful, be prepared,
  and be grateful you are here at this time of the Earth renewing itself.
                     Central and South America's weather conditions will echo
  the
  above for the most part, except for temperature swings that will cool
  their summer season unexpectedly. The highlands will hold onto their
  snow packs for a longer time and the growing seasons in the grasslands
  will appear slightly stunted.
                      Looking at the huge northern land areas of Russia and
  Asia,
  again, we see the atmosphere being hit hard by the rising frequencies,
  allowing for higher temperatures than normal, causing some snow melts
  and unusual flooding at this time of year. Then, falling temperatures and
  freezing again. A very hard winter for those who live there. China will
  be at the cusp of these dramatic changes, causing difficulties in
  communications and rail travel.
                    Europe will be enduring a difficult winter, with very low
  temperatures and high humidity, starting to some extent this month.
  Sea levels continue to rise, slowing down as temperatures fall. We
  see high amounts of snow beginning to pile up by the end of the
  month and the real danger of avalanches this year to a higher extent
  than ever before.
                    The Middle East and India will be enveloped in a huge
  circle
  of atmospheric anomalies that alternately bring warm winds, then icy
  storms, mostly developing by the middle of the month. Flooding again
  is very possible, with myriads of earthquakes shaking these lands.
                    The great rift in Africa is moving again, causing quakes in
  those mostly-vacant areas. However, this will affect the Arabian
  Peninsula also, causing tides in the surrounding seas to make sea
  commerce difficult for a time.
                    Australia and the southern range of islands this month
  will
  be experiencing extremely high temperatures by the middle of the
  month, drying out underbrush and making fires a hazard. The good
  news is that we see far more rainfall than is expected normally, which
  will help the situation.
                    As it has always been, the month of October is a time of
  preparation, and is now a time to think ahead in many ways. As these
  higher frequencies change the atmosphere and the face of the planet,
  so are they changing the mentality of humankind. There is a clarity
  of mind that is progressing now, especially in the younger populations
  all over the world.
  Despite the failure of educational programs in many countries, especially
  in the U.S., young people are waking up to the necessity of building the
  world in a better way, without the discriminations that have caused w-rs,
  d-ath, and heartbreak. Give the little ones your time, reading to them
  and encouraging their curiosity about everything they see, hear, and feel.
  This new generation is a huge part of your changing world. Help them to
  make it a better one.
  ****************************
             This month's teaching will help all of us as we face a rather
  uncertain
  future, with wa-s and uprisings, d-ug -ars and p-litical in-fighting going
  on full speed. Take a few minutes to read.
  ######
                                                            LIVING WITHOUT FEAR
           During your walk through life, there are many hazards to face. One
  must learn to cross a busy street only with a green light, to obey the rules
  of driving, to eat only what is good for the body, to stay off of dark
  lonely
  streets, etc., or you could be hurt, k-lled or injured in some way. These
  are some of the hazards of your society. There are hazards all around
  you sp-ritually, too, that you must be mindful of.
           As the awareness of your true nature as a sp-ritual being becomes
  part of your conscious life, there is an opening in your aura taking place,
  an opening that allows a closer walk with the world of sp-rit as you
  experience an inner knowing, v-sions, voices, and higher forms of
  communication and guidance. Think of this as a doorway in the mind.
  When that door is opened, it becomes an invitation to many entities in
  the world of spir-t to investigate what lies within that doorway some who
  need to experience the feeling of a physical body, perhaps to satisfy
  their longing for a c-garette, a-cohol or d-ugs; these are beings who are
  still feeling in spir-t the terrible longing for what their lost bodies


20110930-Ruth's Newsletter.-894.html[12/03/2022 10:29:29]
Ruth's Newsletter.

  cannot
  give them. There are -pirit beings who simply refuse to return to the
  sp-ritual cosmos for many reasons; they are always looking for a place
  to get in.
  (JW Just minutes ago there was a 3.2 earthquake not 30 miles from me
  here in Sonora, Calif. It was near Cherry Lake.)
  Part 1.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20110930-Ruth's Newsletter.-894.html[12/03/2022 10:29:29]
