{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T14:49:31Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 28078, "source_ctime_ns": 1790737180847628630, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110317-Mars.-Part-4-of-4.-463-3b9e4a45aa.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790737180831082158, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110317-Mars.-Part-4-of-4.-463-3b9e4a45aa.pdf", "source_sha256": "c779a444e980bdc8fe0de90b6f8be07ddd72a3497d21dd595de0fa1f24422a7b"}

Mars. Part 4 of 4.


   Subject: Mars. Part 4 of 4.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 17/03/2011, 06:12
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Mars. Part 4 of 4.
   Mar. 16, 2011.
      This tells how other people may see us.
   ..............................................
   ..............................................
   The problem is the answer of G-d is truly incomprehensible. (Our view
   should be set a bit lower).
   We are but microscopic insects in the grand scheme of things.
   How could such microbes as US expect to understand the thing, being,
   force, entity, alien or whatever you choose to call GO-? We cannot. The
   question becomes nearly moot. Why believe there is the singularity of
   only one Big Bang? If the cosmos teaches us anything, it should be the
   fact of a limitless infinity.
   By the same token, why believe there is the singularity of only one -od?
   Who says the CREATOR of all things was the Creator of the Earth? That is
   not necessarily the case. Consider the possibility that life forms on an
   ENORMOUS LEVEL were/are responsible for the existence of many
   universes. Other entities could be the galaxy-makers. Another level of
   life entirely could be the makers of solar systems. G-D, whatever you
   believe IT to be, might have had NOTHING to do with the formation of
   the planet we walk upon.
   Who says the manufacturer of the Earth created human beings? We may
   not have been magically created by a mystical Go- or by the same thing
   that formed distant galaxies.
   Humans are definitely NOT natural by-products of the planet. We are
   strangers here on this planet. We may be the result or end product of a
   long abandoned, space colony.
   By the same logic, the Seeder of life on Earth might not have been the
   builder of the planet. The Creator of human Life in the universe may not
   have been the creator of human life on Earth. The creator of human life on
   Earth might not have been the same one(s) responsible for the plants and
   animals on the planet. One could even extrapolate and say the CREATOR of
   EVERYTHING, ALL, the real SUPREME BEING might not have been the Being
   that created something as SMALL and utterly insignificant as our ENTIRE
   UNIVERSE!!
   The question becomes -ods or G-d? There is an eastern philosophy that
   every cluster of galaxies has its go-; every galaxy has its -od; every star
   system has its g-d and every planet has its go-. Every Big Bang could also
   have its -od. Are these alien life forms that rule in larger and larger
   cosmic
   Hierarchies? Were/are the angels aliens or humans? Are entities ENDLESS?
   -od was once plural; there were multiple g-ds as in Chariots of the Go-s?
   In books of India that predate the B-ble, -ODS flew crafts and waged
   terrible
   NU-LEAR wa-s! There were the giants, the titans, the Children of Hea-en
   and the Children of Men. Before Bi-lical editing, the word go-s, (plural)
   was
   in the Old T-stament.
   Editors changed -ods to the simplified G-d in the Bible.
   Once enlightened masses fell to the Dark Ages; people became simple and
   actually descended to barbarism. People could no longer comprehend
   complex things or a universe of many -ods.
   G-ds became the single GO-.
   Hundreds of years ago, the masses became indoctrinated on a diluted view.
   Is it as simple as one G-d or is that all your mind can handle? Possibly we
   should explore eastern philosophies and the complex idea of multi-leveled,
   multi-dimensional, multi-faceted Universes? Same can be said for infinite
   G-d.
   Would not -od be the Ultimate Scientist? Scientific facts should not scare
   or
   intimidate G-d as they might bother the C-urch clergy for some strange
   (ignorant) reason.
   Would not -od be the ultimate geneticist and know every code of everyone's
   DNA? Then, why are religio-s leaders so angry when scientists use stem
   cells or genetically engineer a clone for beneficial purposes because the
   geneticists dared to dabble in the realm of -od? It would seem as if genetic
   scientists are emulating G-d and what is wrong with emulating Go-? Is
   G-d not a good role model; something we should aspire to?


20110317-Mars. Part 4 of 4.-463.html[12/03/2022 10:25:52]
Mars. Part 4 of 4.

   Go- is not male and should never be referred to as some kind of bearded
   MAN in the sky. This writer does not believe that the Creator of universes
   has a p-nis.
   What this writer attempts to express is the answers are complicated.
   Do not look for simple answers to COMPLEX questions. So, why look at G-d
   through the eyes of medieval men and women? Come into the modern age.
   View re-igious things scientifically and view scientific things rel-giously.
   Exo-us Chapter 15, verse 3 reads that the L-rd is a man of w-r.
   This is wrong on so many levels.
   A hint of historical truth may be gleaned in the quote as we realize that
   the
   -od of these people was a man.
   Ge-esis Chapter 1, verse 26 may be a CLONING of Adam by MEN into an Eve
   same image.
   Consider the idea of CLONING as a possible and reasonable Creation-theory.
   If this were the case; that the ge-esis of people on Earth was a result of
   human mass-cloning then, our progenitor or Creator could indeed be a human
   being. And, yes, it would mean that our g-d would have had a pe-is! If
   HUMAN,
   space travelers landed on Earth a very long time ago and cloned themselves
   then, later, those clones stayed and inhabited the planet. It means our g-d
   (small g) could have been any HUMAN with the ability to travel space and
   the knowledge of cloning. Possibly, we were not created at all.
   Rather, we were Xeroxed carbon-based life forms?
   WAS OUR -OD AN ASTRONAUT THAT TURNED TO DUST LONG AGO?
   G-D is also anyone that ruthlessly has ULTIMATE CONTROL over another.
   Too often, in the history of the human r-ce, fascist authorities have played
   GO- and exercised total dominion over another country/ra-e or culture.
   Too many wars have been fought in the name of G-d. Do you really think
   Go- is on your side as you shed b-ood for your country? Maybe Go- sides
   with your enemy? Maybe -od supports the rebellious, conscientious
   objector?
   During World W-r II, modern mi-itary units established bases on numerous
   South Sea Islands. Primitive Polynesian natives had never seen technology
   before or people from the outside world. The uncomplicated islanders
   did not understand what they observed.
   Airplanes, vehicles, guns, grenades, torpedoes, radios and televisions were
   beyond their experience. After the wa-, people flew back to the islands
   and made a remarkable discovery.
   They saw effigies of airplanes. Natives pr-yed to large models of airplanes.
   A primitive and pure culture on remote islands had been contaminated by
   the presence of the military (G-D).
   Ever since the bases were dismantled and the servicemen had left, the
   Polynesians search the skies. The devoted natives wait for the return
   of their new go-s and build airplane-idols to honor them.
   Anyone can become -OD if they have the power to control another group
   that sees their overseers as g-ds. Too often in human history, the powerful
   have ruled over the helpless.
   Too often, the rich feed off of the poor. Maybe it is time to take
   responsibility
   for ourselves, rather than waiting for rescue from -od. Maybe it is time to
   be strong rather than weak? Maybe it is time to rely on ourselves rather
   than
   wait for some guidance that might not ever come?
   Maybe it is time to realize the greatness of ourselves, a new potential for
   the whole human rac- and know there is G-D-LIKE POWER WITHIN US ALL!
   ARE WE NOT MEN?
   WE ARE ALL G-DS. Are we not -ods to tropical fish or when people breed
   other animals?
   Have WE been bred by aliens or cloned by humans? Whatever readers
   perspective of the SOURCE OF ALL THINGS; NATURE; THE UNIVERSE;
   Ya-weh; Creator; Supreme Being YOU EXIST! YOU ARE READING THE
   BOOKLET IN YOUR HANDS (tentacles, etc.) YOU ARE A PART OF
   EVERYTHING AND EVERYTHING IS A PART OF YOU. Before we sing
   Kumbaya, GO- MIGHT BE YOU! Or, G-d could be another slob on the bus?
   GO- may be the spark of fire/light and energy called LIFE. Nikola Tesla
   believed, -OD WAS ELECTRICITY! He also viewed Homo sapiens as
   io-electrical automatons. We may be carbon (material) organisms powered
   by electricity (spirit) or Electro-Magnetism (energy).
   Part 4 of 4.
   John Winston.           johfw@mlode.com


20110317-Mars. Part 4 of 4.-463.html[12/03/2022 10:25:52]
