{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:44:56Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 26983, "source_ctime_ns": 1790677148198725333, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110918-Betty-s-Account-Of-Meeting-The-Space-People.-Part-2-of-2.-869-0d119fe8ec.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790677148186070657, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110918-Betty-s-Account-Of-Meeting-The-Space-People.-Part-2-of-2.-869-0d119fe8ec.pdf", "source_sha256": "c87fed14fdc2025d693ed117d44594fcc7cbeb999341ce3a9eb8f91d3369ecb4"}

Betty's Account Of Meeting The Space People. Part 2 of 2.


  Subject: Betty's Account Of Meeting The Space People. Part 2 of 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 18/09/2011, 06:19
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Betty's Account Of Meeting The Space People.                                            Part 2
  of 2.
  Sept. 17, 2011.
    This talks about a planet that blew up and the occupants came here to
  Earth.
  .............................................................
  .............................................................
  I have a few comments to make concerning this message from Tregon of
  Venus, for I was very much interested in knowing of the rise of Earth's
  earlier
  civilizations, particularly the Atlantean. Many people have asked us of this
  phase in Earth's history and so it was natural that we would prefer to
  obtain
  the Space Brothers' opinion. So many really important facts are contained
  in Tregon's words that I would like to draw your attention to a few in
  particular.
  At the first of his message he said, ". . . the human mind is filled with
  much misrepresentation." Then he went on to say how f-lse history is
  accredited
  to this misrepresentation, and he explained why this came about. We all
  know that many of the facts in our history books are based only on a few
  records and that these could have been hurriedly and fa-sely written or
  transcribed. The plain truth that any of the ancient languages cannot be
  completely understood today is due to the fact that the human mind is
  divided in it's wisdom, and that certain knowledge then, does not prevail
  today.
  Therefore the present mind cannot possibly understand all the phrases and
  written symbols that the ancients tried to reveal in their records. Our
  explorers and archaeologists are now finding and uncovering strange records
  and symbols that they cannot decipher. A language of symbols was the only
  way to record the Universal Tongue. The people of ancient Atlantis spoke
  the Universal Tongue, and as we recall in the message of Tregon, he said
  that due to e-il acts the people and tribes of Atlantis were split and I
  quote
  his words, ". . .it was thus the purpose and plan of the Creator to prevent
  the understanding of certain tribes." We learned that the fallen a-gels were
  the beings who lived on the planet Lucifer, that once was in an orbit
  between Mars and Jupiter, and that these ev-l beings fell to Earth after
  refusing to accept the word of the Most High Council. We can understand
  why these beings were considered as ang-ls and why they are considered
  as falling from he-ven to Earth. At the time of Atlantis the beings upon
  the planet Lucifer were extremely advanced and possessed Space flight
  and wisdom that Earth man does not yet even know. They were thus
  advanced far beyond the modern men of Earth, and were indeed possessors
  of rare wisdom.
  Their fall occurred when they disobeyed the Most High and continued
  with devastating experiments that caused their planet to be exploded.
  Thus cast out by the Most High and the other ang-ls they descended to
  earth where they were forced to rebuild and start a new. They had lost
  a vast and beauteous planet, and thus fell to the early civilizations that
  Earth possessed at that time. They continued their evi- on Atlantis and
  when the -ngels in hea-en saw this they were commanded by the Most
  High to cause this to cease by scattering the people and dividing the
  language, so the e-il ideas of the fallen ones would not be understood.
  When the messengers from Venus arrived to start the work of the Most
  High, Tregon tells us that, ". . . the sealing up of ignorance and fallen
  an-els began."
  Since the space people of Venus did instruct and guide the faithful people
  of Earth to sacred places where they would be safe when certain changes
  took place, we know that they will again do this at the proper time. Our
  scientists know that there are cycles of activity that Earth passes through
  and Tregon also said in his message that ". . .as a new cycle of change in
  the he-vens began the wise ones of Venus came to Earth to warn all to
  r-pent." The people of Venus knew of the inevitable axis change that


20110918-Betty's Account Of Meeting The Space People. Part 2 of 2.-869.html[12/03/2022 10:29:24]
Betty's Account Of Meeting The Space People. Part 2 of 2.

  was to bring a flood and cataclysms to Earth. The faithful were warned
  and only those who were full of obedience to the Most High received the
  warnings and instructions. Thus Earth was cleansed and the ev-l ones
  with their records and language sank with Atlantis and other continents,
  while the faithful were sa-ed.
  We find the space people are now prepared to again warn those who are
  faithful and to show them sacred ground to go to, also to lift them from
  the face of Earth itself and protect them from the radioactivity and evi-
  of those who do not follow the laws of the Most High. Our Space Brother
  has said, ". . . Let those who have ears to hear, let them hear." Tregon
  has told us that the -vil of Earth will continue until the planets and
  oceans
  are radioactive unless Earthman puts a stop to this e-il.
  The space people cannot intervene, nor cause all the A and H b-mbs to
  become inactive, for they, too, are held in a certain status until the time
  comes when the Most High issues a decree of action for Earth. No doubt
  they have the wisdom and means of making all the storage of bo-bs
  inactive, but they will not or can not interfere unless the order is given
  by
  the Most High. The Brothers have told us before that the evi- ones of
  Atlantis
  were experimenting with energy releases that our scientists are playing with
  today in the A and H bom- experiments, and that due to this they brought
  about the axis change more quickly than the natural change would have
  been. He has told us the tribulations of Earth could be brought about too
  quickly, for an axis change is coming and if left unhampered it will be
  natural and slow; but if the explosion of bo-bs continues it could bring
  about this axis change too quickly and cause cataclysms.
  Many times the enthusiast asks us, "Why don't the Space People just come
  down and take over? Earth would be better off."
  But Tregon has answered that question, and until Earth is again ready for
  the natural axis change they will only issue warnings and perhaps take the
  faithful up to the far hea-ens where they will wait the final cleansing of
  Earth's surface.
  The problem of flying saucers has become very deeply interwoven with
  the fate of Earth, and none who investigates the phenomena can come out
  of it without sensing the complexity of the solution. No one can give a
  definite account of all the Space people's purposes, but we can share
  the information we do get and piece together the intricate puzzle of what
  they are, why they come to Earth, and how Earth is being benefited by
  them. To the faithful who keep the Laws of the Most High we can only
  phrase the words that so often come to our minds, ". . .rejoice, and be
  exceedingly glad: for great is your reward in heav-n. . . . "
  Part 2 of 2.
  John Winston.             johnfw@mlode.com


20110918-Betty's Account Of Meeting The Space People. Part 2 of 2.-869.html[12/03/2022 10:29:24]
