{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T03:14:00Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27998, "source_ctime_ns": 1790729763102087104, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110829-St.-Germain.-60605.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790729763065916345, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110829-St.-Germain.-60605.pdf", "source_sha256": "2bbdfe06a3c3409fea69fe13a7822c43bc33a83f70873679ba806d98ef50f977"}

Why They Don't Come In And Take Over.


  Subject: Why They Don't Come In And Take Over.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 28/08/2011, 15:36
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Why They Don't Come In And Take Over.
  Aug. 28, 2011.
  .........................................................
  .........................................................
  Ja-is
  SaLuSa to me.Your Power is Limitless , 27 Aug 2011 Galactic Federation
  La-ra: Good evening SaLuSa. From the questions and emails a few people are
  wondering why is the Galactic Federation of Light not stepping in on our
  planet and help us with our ongoing various crises, d-aths and sufferings
  caused by the c-bal? Would you be able to give us some insights into that
  matter please?
  SaLuSa: Yes, as we said before, we wish for the greatest number of s-uls to
  ascend on your planet. We wish the light to be victorious and d-vine decree
  to be fulfilled of course. This is the reason so many galactic beings are
  here. We are here to ensure G-d's will is fulfilled and that Mother Earth
  ascends. Along with Mother Earth a certain number of s-uls will also ascend
  of course. You dear ones are helping Mother Earth to ascend and you are
  helping your loved ones stay into the light.
  Our duty here is of course to assist you in your Ascension, but we are very
  much here also to ensure that your planet's wish to Ascend is fulfilled.
  Earth is a living, breathing being. She has her own rights and her own free
  will, which we must also ensure are respected. In order for this to take
  place, Mother Earth must cleanse herself from negativity and scars so to
  speak. When she ascends, she will carry into the fifth dimension a certain
  amount of so-ls, mainly those who have agreed in their life contract to
  ascend at this moment with her.
  However nothing can prevent sou-s from fulfilling their life plan contract
  concerning Ascension. When we assure you that nothing can stop these -ouls
  from Ascension, please keep in mind that what you call de-th does not
  prevent anybody from Ascending. Dea-h is in fact a s-cred process, it does
  not always have to be a painful process, nor is it scary for those
  undergoing this process. Dea-h is not an end and nobody d-es alone dear
  ones. Just because someone di-s, it does not mean they can not ascend.
  Please do not look at deat- as the end, as all of us are undertaking various
  lives, on various planets in order to further our growth and e-olution.
  You see, dear ones, Mother Earth and you are closely interconnected in many
  ways. You are supporting each other and depend on each other when it comes
  to your Ascension path. It is a great honor and achievement for a -oul to
  assist a planet in her Ascension. The opportunity is only given to trusted
  and deserving s-uls. However it is also your duty to assist her in her
  journey, as you are Mother Earth's children. You and only you can assist her
  best in this process. This is why we must allow you alone to fulfil your
  duties towards her and helping her in recovering her pristine beauty. Our
  presence now would interfere with your progress in working together and in
  learning and discovering who you are, discovering your place in the scale of
  the Universe.
  One of the reasons so many so-ls chose to i-carnate on Mother Earth now, is
  to help her raise her vibrations. This can be done by the quality of
  vibrations ordinarily. However, because of the ca-al's efforts to limit your
  levels of consciousness, Mother Earth requires a large amount of so-ls in
  order to uplift her vibrations to the required level for Ascension. Although
  the divi-e deadline for disclosure has passed, we are still bound to respect
  your relationship with Mother Earth. We do work in accordance with Galactic
  Law and Div[ne Law. We are bound to follow the high hierarchy's directives,
  when it comes to our mission here. We are operating under a certain
  hierarchy and follow orders, just as you do.
  Our civilizations have gone through Ascension eons ago. We are not here to
  forcefully impose our rule, you all have free will and we will respect your
  wishes concerning your choice for Ascension. We are here to ensure that you
  all get the chance to ascend, if so is your wish and your life plan. We are
  also here to help relocate those of you who wish to remain in a three


20110829-St. Germain.-60605.html[12/03/2022 10:29:14]
Why They Don't Come In And Take Over.

  dimensional environment. For the time being, these so-ls refuse to see what
  is ahead of them and they refuse to admit our existence. Many of them refuse
  to see their connection to the light and prefer to remain in the dark when
  it comes to knowing who they really are. They are just not ready to accept
  their own power and light because of various reasons.
  We do never place any judgement on such sou-s for choosing to remain in
  duality. We also ask you to try to understand that these -ouls will rejoin
  the light once they have cleared all karma and have done the learning
  needed. They will rejoin you when they are ready. As you cannot eat a meal
  until it is cooked, one can not ascend until one is ready. There is no
  hurry, dear ones as your experience of time in duality is merely an illusion
  and you are all eternal so-ls.
  Your principal aim when you enter duality is to learn from experiencing
  being in a body. The other aim is also to always be connected and in
  communion with Mother Earth, while trying to remember your true nature, your
  real self so to speak. We have no place in interfering with your individual
  learning and developing process. You life contract has been planned by each
  one of you. It is no coincidence that you are here at this time dear friend.
  You have accepted to descend into the lower vibrations for a certain
  purpose, fully aware of the risks, as well as the consequences of being in
  duality. Our interference in each one of your life plan would not be
  permitted dear ones. It would mean such a loss for most of you to steal you
  from your victory in duality. This is not permitted by the Higher Council of
  the Light and the sp-ritual Hierarchy.
  We wish to be joining you once your level of vibrations have reached the
  required level for peace and harmony to be a reality on your planet. This is
  fully within your grasp dear ones, we have no desire to take anything away
  from your victory. You are all div-ne sparks and divi-e creators. Your power
  is limitless dear ones. As you are able to create the most painful
  nightmares, you will discover that you are also able to create the most
  beautiful reality for yourselves and for your Mother Earth.
  I am SaLuSa from Sirius and I can assure you that far less people than you
  may think are necessary to awaken you all from this collective dream you are
  finding yourself in. The dark hats know the power of Go- within all of you
  and do all they can with their science and technology to maintain you in low
  vibrations. They do not wish to see as little as one hundred of you in full
  possession of their -od given powers. They fear you dear ones, and this is
  the reason they have so many plans to keep you in deep sleep. However the
  dark also offers a golden opportunity for your awakening. The time for
  taking your rightful place among your galactic family is nearing every day.
  Be Joy, be light.
  Thank you
  SaLuSa
  Copyright Laura Tyco. All Rights Reserved. (Permission to distribute this
  message in its integrity is granted so long as you do not alter it in any
  way, credit is given to the author, and you include this copyright notice
  and link. :
  http://galacticlauratyco.blogspot.com/)
  http://networkedblogs.com/memjc
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110829-St. Germain.-60605.html[12/03/2022 10:29:14]
