{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T13:48:32Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31765, "source_ctime_ns": 1790687891103297452, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110913-Walk-Ins.-859.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790687891100896724, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110913-Walk-Ins.-859.pdf", "source_sha256": "1a0727b7e949710dcd221615658434a1d39fe7689fa277b050d1793d40a6dab9"}

Walk-Ins.


  Subject: Walk-Ins.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 13/09/2011, 06:35
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Walk-Ins.
  Sept. 22, 2011.
     Here is some information about Walk-Ins.
  ................................................................
  ................................................................
  New from Hannah B-aconsfield
  Ja-is
  From: Hannah Be-consfield
  hbeaconsfield@yahoo.com
  Sent: Wednesday, September 07, 2011
                  THE BEA-ONSFIELD REPORT
                  An eLetter of Integrative Me-aphysics
                  (18-eReport-11)
                  Publisher: Hannah Beacon-field
                  Editor: H.L. C-ane
                  In this issue:
  a.. UPDATE ON WALK-INS - Excerpt from updated edition of Welcome to Planet
  Earth.
  b.. Opening Contact with Pleiadian Animal Consciousness.
                             THE PLEIADIAN LIGHT
                             LOOKS AT THE CURRENT
                             WALK-IN SITUATION
                   Walk-ins, as you call s-irits who take on the body and life
  of a sp-rit
  who wishes to leave, are still coming on to the Earth plane in large
  numbers.
  Those who are assisting through variations of this exchange process: s-ul
  braids, stand ins, etc. are also expanding their help to the ascension of
  your
  world culture. The chaos of Earth's many elements, both light and dark, at
  the time of this c-anneling (2011), have reached the level of either
  combustion or transcendence. We support the transcendence scenario. And each
  spi-it
  walk-in to your plane is supporting this transformation of your species.
                    Many of the walk-in-type arrivals of spir-ts, at this
  time, are those
  who have extensive experience with life on Earth. In the earlier decades of
  this project, many of the -ouls were closely connected to extraterrestrial
  cultures. This alien energy gave a strong impetus for the world culture to
  expand its perspectives and move toward a new path. The ET resonance
  provided a pattern to which you could entrain your own energies and
  jump-start your ascension. Although there are still incoming ETs, there
  is a large influx of s-uls who resonate a strong Earth signature. Some of
  these are even recently departed from your plane. In part, their reason for
  leaving, in your recent past, was for the purpose of returning as walk-ins,
  the concept having been presented to them in their recent Earth i-carnation.
                    The return to Earth, after a very recent life, helps the
  incoming
  spi-it in terms of adjusting quickly and moving on to his/her own agenda.
  Ordinarily, a so-l that crosses over is not inclined to return without first
  digesting the most recent life and learning and expanding on the spi-it
  plane. But these are not ordinary times. The drama of Earth's ascension is
  so variegated, so multidimensional, so tenuous that unusual circumstances
  must be called into play.
                    When we speak of ETs or strong Earth spir-ts walking-in,
  please understand that all spi-its working on this level of assistance have
  inc-rnated many times, in many different world cultures. The difference
  in the energy that they resonate is more the choice of the walk-in in order
  to tap their former Earth lives or to pull in the vibrations of other worlds


20110913-Walk-Ins.-859.html[12/03/2022 10:29:23]
Walk-Ins.

  with which they are familiar. The choice is to clothe themselves in the
  qualities that would be the most helpful in what they wish to accomplish.
                    As we have said before, a walk-in does not need to take on
  the phenomenon as their personal identity. It is simply a means to change.
  Having an awareness of the sp-rit exchange on a conscious level is only
  of value to the walk-in or those close to the walk-in who can better give
  support with the understanding. This is helpful if there are difficult
  problems that need to be resolved from the earlier life or conflicts
  between the walk-in energy and the original so-l energy.
                    There are many sou- exchanges in which the walk-in has no
  consciousness awareness, no knowledge of the phenomenon and no
  reason to have the awareness or the knowledge. There are many ordinary
  people who realize there was some change in their lives after which he
  or she began to move in a new direction. This could be a waitress who
  charges the food she handles with a nourishing energy beyond its
  natural characteristics. Or it could be a bus driver who creates a
  pleasant energy on his bus that gives the passengers a lift. These
  people are walk-ins who don't do anything special. They came simply to
  be present and increase the light factor.
                    The ascension of the Earth species has reached a level of
  overlapping elements with regard to walk-in problems and ascension
  symptoms. Everyone will be dealing, to one degree or another, with
  the symptoms of detoxification from all your bodies of consciousness.
  As the transformation progresses many will feel an altered sense of
  identity, which is disorienting. Your species is dealing with changing
  genetic patterns. It is handling alterations in time. Walk-ins get a double
  dose of adjustment requirements, but unlike ten or twenty years ago
  no one is totally unaffected by this world roller coaster ride. This is
  the destabilized state you are presently experiencing and which will
  e-olve into a stable world culture operating at a whole new vibratory
  level.
                    What could possibly be comforting about this information?
  Well, the more common the discomforts the more empathy/sympathy
  you can share and the greater the movement toward the integration
  of the disparate elements of your world. These are the elements that
  create your endless w-rs, the destruction of your planet and your
  inability to sustain happiness. Integrating the opposing elements of
  your world will bring peace, from which all that is benevolent flows.
  And we wish you Peace.
  Hannah Bea-onsfield 2011
                     OPENING CONTACT WITH PLEIADIAN ANIMAL CONSCIOUSNESS
                             Through Hannah Beaco-sfield
                    We are the unified animal consciousness of the Pleiadian
  world.
  As Pleiadian counterparts of your animal world, we wish to apprise you of
  changes occurring with your planet's animal/human interspecies
  communication.
                    If you watch nature programs on television, you see more
  and
  more incidents in which a wildlife biologist or other animal-centered career
  person describes surprising new behavior in your wild animals or companion
  animals, as well as the expansion of animal awareness of humans, their
  emotions, and their intensions.
                    At this time there is a definite opening in the capacity
  for
  interspecies communication. There is a range of levels of interaction
  from a simple expanded sensitivity by humans with regard to animals, all
  the way to complex relationships involving high levels of conscious and
  subconscious exchanges.
                    The expansion we are addressing is a phenomenon, which is
  part
  of the ascension of your world and all elements and species that are part
  of your world. The integrative elements, which are a part of the ascension
  process, include the closer interactions with and understandings of your
  animal species a greater integration of all Earth's animals, including
  yourselves.
                    If you are one who can take or leave all the pet stuff
  (coddling
  the live stock), then it is time for you to brush up on your anicom (animal


20110913-Walk-Ins.-859.html[12/03/2022 10:29:23]
Walk-Ins.

  communication) skills! You will not be able to avoid situations in which
  you must deal more closely with animals any more than you can avoid
  interacting with other humans.
                    Question from the c-annel: Can you give a name to work
  with in
  ch-nneled interactions with you?
                    Certainly. When the Pleiadian thought artist, Spandia,
  described
  to you the feline entity with whom she and her partner shared their life (in
  Riding the Phoenix), she said he was known by a thought tone not a
  spoken word. She said that if she had to translate the tone into words it
  would be Quiet Presence.
                    We will use those words to represent our energy and the
  individual
  spi-it of Quiet Presence to act as our front man for channeling our total
  energy. Quiet Presence's life is in a time line 400 to 500 years in your
  future
  and in 4th to 5th density in the Pleiadian history of development. All
  cha-nels
  of any kind color the information that flows through them to some degree.
  It is always good to factor in the source when evaluating channe-ed work.
                             Ch-nnel: Thank you Quiet Presence. I look forward to
  hearing
  more from you.
  Hannah Beacon-field 2011
                             BOOKS BY HANNAH BEACON-FIELD
                                              ANNOUNCING
                              New Edition with Updated Material
                                                       of
                             WELCOME TO PLANET EARTH,
                             A Guide for Walk-ins, Starseeds, and Lightworkers
                             Light Technology Publishing
                             ISBN-13: 978-1-891824-93-7
                             ISBN-10: 1-891824-93-7=20
                             Order: 800-450-0985
                             RIDING THE PHOENIX:
                             Surviving the Global Resurrection (Revised Edition)
                             ISBN 1-4208-1806-6
                             Order: 888-280-7715
                             ALSO available as an eBook from
                             www.authorhouse.com - $-.--
                             AND formatted for your eReader
                       All from this newsletter may be reprinted with appropriate
  credit.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110913-Walk-Ins.-859.html[12/03/2022 10:29:23]
