{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T13:17:26Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32802, "source_ctime_ns": 1790764881814881161, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110720-Change-Your-Heart-And-Change-The-World.-Part-2-of-2.-747-504ba34cea.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790764881813045243, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110720-Change-Your-Heart-And-Change-The-World.-Part-2-of-2.-747-504ba34cea.pdf", "source_sha256": "ff794d8f24b4a588bf3db50029244d40dcb79f42561d5dab2065e60940cde882"}

Change Your Heart And Change The World. Part 2 of 2.


  Subject: Change Your Heart And Change The World. Part 2 of 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 20/07/2011, 23:38
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Change Your Heart And Change The World.                          Part 2 of 2.      ly 20,
  2011.
     This tells when we should practice this procedure.
  .................................................................
  .................................................................
  We are One with the Earth and there is two-way communication. The
  collective power of human hearts and minds can break the spell of the
  Matrix which is a two-stone weakling compared with the potential of
  the collective human heart and mind/consciousness. This is the power
  source of transformation that has the Control System trembling in its
  boots.
  Hearts and minds connecting as a single whole produce the power in
  rain dances that change the electromagnetic field and make it rain.
  We can transform the world from a p-ison to a paradise merely by
  focussing together in sufficient numbers to release the transformative
  power of the collective human heart and mind.
  Author and researcher Barbel Mohr writes: 'Whenever a great many
  people focus their attention or consciousness on something similar
  like C-ristmas time, football world championship or the funeral of Lady
  Diana in England then certain random number generators in computers
  start to deliver ordered numbers instead of the random ones.' Numbers
  are digital versions of vibrational waveform states.
  The Global Consciousness Project was established in 1998 to study the
  effect of human consciousness on the 'physical' world. The project has
  a network of random event generators on every continent and in more
  than 50 locations to measure the impact of human consciousness. Spikes
  in activity are produced during events of global and national focus.
  The project concludes from the findings so far: 'The results are evidence
  that
  the physical world and our mental world of information and meaning are
  linked
  in ways that we don't yet understand.' Or maybe we do. Experiments have
  shown
  that DNA can imprint information into energy fields. This is called the
  'phantom
  DNA effect'.
  We can communicate with each other and connect with each other through
  heart,
  consciousness and DNA transmissions and this is how t-lepathy and remote
  h-aling is possible. All this is happening beyond what we call time and
  space
  in levels of reality where everything is One. This is the antidote to the
  Control
  System.
  So to Awakening the World - Every Heart Makes A Difference and the
  Non-compli-dance.
  We have introduced a special section of
  Davidicke.com
  (click here) where every day at 9.30pm UK time we will offer the
  opportunity
  for a global connection of hearts and minds to send love, peace and
  harmony into the collective field.
  Every day we will post a picture to aid that focus. It might be an image of
  the
  Earth, the ocean, Tripoli, or an individual that requires he-ling and
  harmony
  in the face of the onslaught of e-il and chaos.
  I want to do this every day for 20 minutes with eventually millions coming
  together to create a collective field of love, peace and harmony that will
  have
  a fantastic effect on world events. Don't expect this to happen overnight.


20110720-Change Your Heart And Change The World. Part 2 of 2.-747.html[12/03/2022 10:27:58]
Change Your Heart And Change The World. Part 2 of 2.

   The effect is cumulative and we need to keep doing this for as long as it
  takes and until we have harnessed the hearts of those millions, tens of
  million, hundreds of millions.
  What can we do? This is what we can do.
  I am also encouraging people all over the world in every town, city,
  village
  and community to step forward as organizers of groups and gatherings of
  people willing to come together regularly - several times a week - to
  connect their energy fields and project love, peace and harmony into the
  atmosphere. The more that come together the better.
  We also need massive gatherings organized at known 'sa-red sites' which are
  perceived as 'sacr-d' because they are located at major vortex points where
  the
  planetary impact is much greater. We now have a section of the
  Davidicke.com
  forum specifically for people to communicate and organize these groups and
  gatherings - click here. All it really needs is a time and place.
  We will dilute the energy of fear, anger, hatred and hostility and replace
  it
  with love, peace and harmony - everything the Control System doesn't want.
  Please get involved because this will change the tide in the hearts of
  human
  beings and remove the power of those that seek to control us. Make a
  decision
  to dedicate yourself to this cause and then follow your intuitive knowing
  and
  everything will fall into place.
  The 'Force' will be with you because you have made a decision to connect
  with
  the 'Force'. The transformation in other levels of reality is ready to roll.
  We
  only need to ground that energy in our reality. This is what we came here
  to do. The human population is a sleeping giant of incredible power, and we
  need to wake up to that truth and harness that power for the greater good
  of all.
  The world will benefit in a most fundamental way from these collective
  energy
  transmissions and you will see the world changing for the better as the
  energetic distortions, hate and fear are dissolved along with the effect of
  that energy on human perception and behaviour.
  W-rs, engineered catastrophes and financial meltdowns are instigated
  for many reasons, but the most important one is to produce ever more
  incoherent energy from human reactions and responses.
  I also make an appeal to those that are increasingly taking to the streets
  to protest at what is happening and it is good that people are demanding
  that
  their voice be heard, but we have to be streetwise here. If the protests are
  angry, aggressive and hostile they are doing exactly what the manipulators
  want - producing still more of the energy on which they depend.
  Imagine the power of replacing stand up angry protests with sit-down silent
  focus where thousands join their hearts together and send out the energy of
  love and peace which is thousands of times more powerful than anger and
  resentment. Instead of shouting slogans or abuse at the authorities and
  police,
  we just sit down in great numbers and silently focus on the heart.
  We love them and help them see the nonsense that they protect and enforce.
  People so misunderstand love. They see it as weak when it is the ultimate
  power because it represents energetic coherence that unleashes our true
  potential for shaping our own reality.
  Love is without fear. Love does not run away, but nor does it attack. It
  transforms through vibrational balance and universal intelligence. The hate
  and
  ignorance of the Control System simply cannot compete when we understand
  this and collectively express it.
  When we have completed the heart focus together in the streets, at Control
  System locations or sacred sites, then we do the non-compli-dance. Let us
  dance with love, joy and laughter and give that energy of love and harmony
  even
  more power as we swirl and twist our electromagnetic fields to whip up the
  electromagnetic energy sea and make it dance with electrical power on the
  vibration of love and harmony.


20110720-Change Your Heart And Change The World. Part 2 of 2.-747.html[12/03/2022 10:27:58]
Change Your Heart And Change The World. Part 2 of 2.


  Doing what I am asking for here is not only of crucial benefit to our
  collective reality. This will make transformative changes in everyone who
  contributes. Taking the time regularly to sit quietly and focus on heart
  coherence and to send out love, peace and harmony will manifest as love,
  peace and harmony within you.
  This will produce coherence in heart electrical and vibrational activity
  bringing into harmony the trinity of heart, brain and nervous system. This
  harmony will unleash your fantastic potential for self-hea-ing, clear
  thought
  and inspired knowing that comes when heart, mind and body are working as
  one unit.
  Remember that there are more nerves going from the heart to the brain than
  going the other way and the electrical and magnetic fields of the heart are
  as
  much as 100 times stronger than the brain. Love, appreciation and caring
  are
  5,000 times more powerful than fear, hate, anger, resentment, frustration
  and
  depression.
  We clearly have the power to change the nature of the Earth energy field to
  create feedback loops of love, peace and harmony to replace the fear,
  hatred
  and chaos that we currently have. The 'head' got us into this mess and the
  heart, in harmony with the 'head', is going to get us out of it.
  Heart coherence also increases the power of intuition and the immune
  system.
  Everyone's a winner here. As you give, so you will receive. Mind has
  created
  our pris-n reality and heart will set us free. As a song that I know says:
  We are the power in everyone
  We are the dance of the Moon and the Sun
  We are the hope that will never hide
  We are the turning of the tide.
  Come on people. Let's go.
  _____
  The Non-Comply Dance             - Dance for the World
   I don't go with the idea of 'k-lling' here, only removing their power, and
  for
  'believe' I would say 'know', but apart from that this video is right on.
  If you r-ot and protest with anger, resentment and hostility you are giving
  them exactly what they want. Let us give them exactly what they don't want,
  what they are terrified of - unleashed collective human energetic power.
  Awakening the World - Every Heart Makes A Difference is asking you to
  'protest'
  (run at them energetically) in vast, vast numbers all over the world by
  sitting
  down and focusing on your heart and joining with thousands of other hearts
   - tens of millions, hundreds of millions worldwide to send out love, peace
  and
  harmony into the energy field with which we constantly interact.
  And then to DANCE together with love, joy and laughter. The energetic impact
  of
  this on yourself and the world is going to be fantastic.
  Awakening the World - Every Heart Makes A Difference and the
  Non-Compli-dance.
  Together in love and harmony we are unstoppable. The R-thschilds have
  already
  cancelled the laxative order.
  Please post your videos so we can let the world see the peaceful r-volution
  that will set us free.
  Click here to watch ...
  http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/strict.dtd
  Part 2 of 2.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20110720-Change Your Heart And Change The World. Part 2 of 2.-747.html[12/03/2022 10:27:58]
