{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T15:50:05Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33510, "source_ctime_ns": 1790685856388895805, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111108-More-On-Our-Colony-On-Mars.-Part-5-of-5.-957.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790685856374374986, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111108-More-On-Our-Colony-On-Mars.-Part-5-of-5.-957.pdf", "source_sha256": "6297a6b1faa02f433dcdc1d0779b50d8dc62861ba677c5720470893332ee55a1"}

More On Our Colony On Mars. Part 5 of 5.


  Subject: More On Our Colony On Mars. Part 5 of 5.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 08/11/2011, 06:28
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: More On The Colony On Mars. Part 5 of 5.                               Mar.
  7, 2011.
     Here she desides whether or not to go to the Mars Colony.
  ................................................................
  ................................................................
        I told him about my friend Ki'-Lia and the joint work we were doing
  to create G-ddess Consciousness and also coming up with global
  strategies and visions of the future with many projects in the works,
  including celebrations to bring about a real Awakening to All. I told
  him about her education and he was very impressed. He wanted to
  talk with her and so they began a dialogue. There were ideas about
  her role and mine related to the Mars mission that we were given,
  but they are only vague to me because I had little interest.
        If I had it my way we wouldn't be going to Mars, we would stay
  on Earth and open up a portal (the gateway someone validated
  that I could open) to a more profound cosmic adventure that
  promotes freedom for the individual and one's higher abilities as
  multi-dimensional creators of a divine nature without hierarchy
  and competition - more love, equality and mutual respect.
        So they got on the phone together and talked at great length,
  but those details are for her to share. I didn't have a good feeling
  about it, because it seemed to be formulating a goal that had
  nothing to do with S-cred Union on Earth, but Ki'-Lia
  understood the need to create that and was always able to
  still follow my thoughts and stay centered, alert and open. It
  was a new discovery for her to try to get a grasp on what he
  was proposing and for what reasons.
         Ki'-Lia came to visit because she was actually in the area
  visiting family, and she knew the organic love and connection
  we had. We had discussed how profound our connection was
  as far as Sa-red Union, Hieros Gamos, Grail Knight - creating
  Global Harmony and restoring balance to Earth. It was like I
  always knew that I was born to create that with a man - so to
  me this was IT. Problem was, the Global E-ite had him in their
  grips.
        August, 2006. The plan was that I would move to Raleigh,
  NC, and we would live together and figure this entire thing out,
  as he kept convincing me that my vision and mission would
  not go unnoticed. So we made the move happen. Upon arrival
  things drastically shifted. Mars would always come up again,
  and I was not feeling like it was safe, and I felt that it was a
  mission being created from a hidden agenda that wished to
  disrupt our union and have control over it - to be used for their
  plots in the grander scheme of things, to assist in re-seeding
  a civilization there. I could just sense it because his behavior
  often changed and fluctuated greatly from connection with
  me, to panic and intensity about these missions.
        He seemed to have multiple personalities and told me that
  he did and many had told him that before. He spoke often about
  alien events that he had experienced and was experiencing. He
  mentioned that his mother had an obvious chip and I could
  sense that since he was young, he was being manipulated and
  his personality was being traumatized by her in order to weaken
  him to their influence. I began to do research, but then would
  stop and try to bring him into my world and alert him to what I
  was beginning to uncover.
           Refusing to Go to Mars
        Over time the Mars issue became louder and louder. Ki'-Lia
  and he were working on plans to make this mission happen, but
  she realized his plans were dubious based on my observations
  and could only try to investigate more. She and I would talk


20111108-More On Our Colony On Mars. Part 5 of 5.-957.html[12/03/2022 10:29:43]
More On Our Colony On Mars. Part 5 of 5.

  more and more, and I would fill her in on my observations. I had
  dreams and premonitions that something was way off, and in
  one dream I got taken up by chains into a ship and a voice told
  me I had to make a choice about being with them or staying
  on Earth - and that they wouldn't harm me but they would
  certainly control me.
        I chose Earth and fell out of the ship and fell into the ocean
  and was all alone in darkness. I tried to reconnect with the ship
  and flew up into the air to just communicate to them and
  understand things more, but thunder and lightning obscured my
  ability to see the ship and I fell back into the water. Then some
  crazy alignment happened and all these planets were surrounding
  me: this organic light filled my being and I knew I made the choice
  for Gaia which connected with my deep awareness of what I am
  here to create. Plus, I naturally have adverse reactions to being
  controlled in any way, so I knew it was my only choice.
        I told him the dream and he was nervous, but we stayed
  together and I continued to observe him while feeling a broken
  heart deep inside.
  I knew I was losing him to them.
        As time went on he would get phone calls and drop everything
  and do work for some agency. He would say he had to do a mission
  for them.
  It started to get more and more intense. All I could think about was
  this group he had previously mentioned related to Mars. I knew the
  two were connected but could not understand how something that
  he thought was so good, seemed to be the ones' mind-controlling
  him and making him do things on their behalf. Something was
  controlling this venture and it relates to Mars colonies and some
  sort of off-planet agreement with some of the people I believed he
  associated with.
        I said I did not want to go to Mars even if there were Earth
  catastrophes, and I felt confident especially after that dream, but
  he said I had to and if I didn't they would kidnap me. His behavior
  got worse and worse and he was dealing with all kinds of d-ath
  threats, and there was no way he was able to pull out of their
  grips or stay on Earth with me.
        January, 2007. I moved down the street and out of the house
  with him and he would still come and see me. The frequencies
  coming off him made me physically ill and a friend of his, and I
  realized that they were trying to turn him into some kind of
  robot. We confronted him, but he got defensive. It was fully clear
  that he was being heavily mind-controlled. Finally I determined
  that those he associated with were really up to no good, and I
  spent a couple of months researching everything associated
  with Mars and came to discover that a few of them in that
  group were indeed associated with ELF and HAARP - one even
  being called the Grandfather of ELF technology. I also
  discovered a lot about mind control and many other victims
  and their stories that led to their insanity and sometimes
  de-th. I even ordered some rare earth magnets and orgone, to
  try and de-activate him, but I could never get him to cooperate.
        Ki'-Lia and I began to then put the puzzle pieces together more
  and more, and once she truly got what I was seeing, we began to
  figure out what the Mars agenda was all about. She agreed with
  me and began to see the attack that was directly upon my
  heart. I have had a lot heart troubles in my life and still do.
        We discovered that in order for them to have their matrix of
  control, Ki'-Lia and I both discovered that they wanted the
  Magdalene-Isis and Osiris seeding of Mars, or the power of the
  H-ly Grail, which means 'royal b-ood.' After so many readings
  throughout my life confirmed this as my identity, not just essence -
  it all started to make sense but in a way that was hard for me
  to want to communicate or own up to, except for within. I knew
  my energy field, heart and intention was strong enough as a
  personification of the Venus calendrical path (which everyone
  can access) to help regenerate Gaia and Mars and shift us into
  the positive 2012 Awakening of consciousness.
        I knew this would lead to the liberation from the controls that
  have kept us imprisoned for so long.
        I felt the familiar imprint around me of Ancient Babylonian
  reptilian entity called Marduk (linked to Mars, Lucifer and other


20111108-More On Our Colony On Mars. Part 5 of 5.-957.html[12/03/2022 10:29:43]
More On Our Colony On Mars. Part 5 of 5.

  mythological name variations) - who is the controller of 3D Earth
  and who has been trying to destroy the di-ine feminine for
  thousands of years. This is also why the Go-dess split into many
  aspects and had to go into the depths of the underworld to
  retrieve the dark sister that was being imprisoned beneath - who
  I in this lifetime would confront as I walk the Venus path like
  all these other names.
        As my own research showed me this and my deep awareness
  of the dynamic was all too clear, my friend Ki' Lia did research
  too. But because a book I had written of about 200+ pages
  disappeared and had been deleted through a rare occurrence
  that was out of my hands, I will refer to what her research found -
  since mine is no longer accessible and this is stated very clearly.
        "Marduk is described in cuneiform tablets from ancient
  Mesopotamia, by famous e-oteric historian Zecharia Sitchin, as
  the son of Ea/Enki, grandson heir of Anu, and the ruler of the
  Annunaki or alien astronauts (linked to the I-luminati). He is
  associated with the hypothesized rogue planet Nibiru (10th
  Planet or Planet X) or Maldek that was once between Mars
  and Jupiter. In a mythological battle and astronomical
  collision with planet Tiamat (or i-carnation of Gaia/Sophia),
  the asteroid belt, Moon and Earth were formed."
        It took all my strength to break free and stand up against
  this Mars recruitment. They said to him, "recruit her and set
  her up with a handler or leave her," because his life would be
  threatened if he left their group and stayed with me. Eventually
  we split, knowing our connection was a danger, and he knew
  he was being really messed with too.
        After I broke free of Agent X, it was confirmed by a source
  that Ki' Lia read that the negative timeline had been destroyed,
  and even renowned researcher/intuitive David W-lcock made
  that announcement.
           Where Do We Go From Here?
        We must gather, unite our s-irits, dig deeper into our beings
  to discover the treasures that exist within. WE must empower
  the fact that we are not separate. We need to open our eyes
  to the false matrix and the deceits that still linger - and then
  remove our energy.
        I will be doing events and making myself available, and
  together we will raise the vibration of the planet through
  living in the vision and the solution, no longer immersed in the
  struggles, f-ars or problems. It is important that we rise as
  leaders and create action through making changes to lifestyle,
  self and the way we treat one another.
        WE must embrace growth and challenge, and dilligently
  work at creating harmony and equilibrium with all opposing
  forces. Duality must end, it is time for union. How our roles
  interact is a dance, not a competition - we must flow and
  respect diversity and all life forms on planet Earth.
        There is still much to uncover and piece together. All I
  ask is that the se-ret Mars colony and related issues be
  further investigated.
  It is important to educate oneself on these negative agendas
  and technologies though because Awareness is empowerment.
  There are ways to reduce their effect on our lives, move into
  nature's will and break free forever from the lies of the false
  matrix.
        I represent a unified field of awareness and my Being
  affects all. So when I speak, I am speaking on behalf of our
  div-ne blueprint and true nature as One.
  Part 5 of 5.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20111108-More On Our Colony On Mars. Part 5 of 5.-957.html[12/03/2022 10:29:43]
