{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T17:54:46Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30291, "source_ctime_ns": 1790691360844335999, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111021-Let-s-Hear-It-From-Ashtar.-Part-3-of-3.-932-1a084d4f13.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790691360825869302, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111021-Let-s-Hear-It-From-Ashtar.-Part-3-of-3.-932-1a084d4f13.pdf", "source_sha256": "8780b94d924c5f95c644b6297eb0d2931d2bcd05bf1069c0419d5be4fe196982"}

Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 3 of 3.


   Subject: Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 3 of 3.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 21/10/2011, 16:39
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Let's Hear It From Ashtar.                      Part 3 of 3.                        Oct.
   20, 2011.
      This explains what is the Galactic Federation.
   .......................................................
   .......................................................
   It was here, in my opinion, that he made some very inaccurate
   statements about the Federation. This, I feel, is disinformation, or at
   least misinformation, and I t-lepathically felt Ashtar also wanted to
   clarify or correct the parts of the article that were inaccurate. Tolec
   makes a number of statements that according to him, the Galactic
   Federation is totally different than the Galactic Federation of Light;
   that they are supposedly two entirely different organizations, and
   attempted to make someone who is not very familiar with the Higher
   Realites, (unlike those of us, like myself, who have for many years
   been c-anneling & been in contact with the Federation), that what
   he was stating was totally true. And I sensed on some level, some
   kind of agenda was being played out, that this could cause a lot of
   confusion among those who are more recently awakening and just
   starting to learn how to ch-nnel and communicate with the Higher
   Forces. That this information that Tolec was stating at least to me
   and many other clear chan-els & c-ntactees, who have had many
   communications with our Friends Upstairs have always known and
   have used both of these same words for the exact same group of
   Light Biengs, that it does not matter, too much which exact
   phrasing that we use, that both of these titles or words, of the
   Galactic Federation or Federation of Light or just Federation all
   refer to the exact same Cosmic organization.
   But for this person named Tolec to have made such a strong or
   dogmatic statement after having shared, for the most part, fairly
   accurate info., I felt that it was in some way, for what ever the
   reason, an attempt to put out disinformation. To, in fact, attempt
   to confuse others who are just becoming aware of these Higher
   realities and are sincerely attempting to Awaken and get hip to
   the real facts about the Federation. And of the fact that they are
   getting Ready to openly come down in mass all over the planet.
   Tolec states: that he supposedly has the full weight of the
   Andromeda Councel behind him, and he states, the Galactic
   Federation of Light, we know of them. They have been around for
   about 1,000 years. Yes, they are based in Sirius. They started
   small and still only have a very limited number of planets involved
   in their group. They are not a member of the Andromeda Council.
   We have nothing to do with them.
   And, no, the Galactic Federation of Light                         is not      the Galactic
   Federation. Absolutely not.
   Further, I asked the Commander about any possible collaboration
   with members of the Galactic Federation of Light, in space, or
   here on planet Earth, and here is what he said:
   no, no. We are not collaborating with the Galactic Federation of
   Light.
   Nor are we collaborating with any star system or planet, part of,
   or affiliated with, the Galactic Federation of Light. No.
   These obviously untrue and false statements could definitely
   confuse others who are not very aware of just exactly what the
   real facts are. The very clear cha-nel named Tuella, who I knew
   from the 50s had spent a little time explaining the so-called
   hierarchiel structure of the Federation in her books; two of them
   were titled, Ashtar, A Tribute and On Earth Assignment, in which
   she devoted a section in them to describe the various different
   names and divisions of this entire Universal organization, and
   there are various references to the exact same or a part of--the
   greater whole organization: Galactic Federation, Confederation
   of Planets, Federation, Intergalactic Confederation, U-ited
   Galaxy Alliance, All Worlds Federation, Galactic Union, local


20111021-Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 3 of 3.-932.html[12/03/2022 10:29:38]
Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 3 of 3.

   Planetary Confederation for Interplanetary Peace,
   Interdimensional Federation, Federation of Free Worlds, Galactic
   Confederation, Intergalactic Federation of Free Worlds, etc. In
   truth, the term Galactic Federation of light or Federation of
   Light was a term of respect that many of us who are Volunteers
   in Earth embodiment as well as our Friends Upstairs started to
   use sometimes in more recent years, in referring to them, as a
   more modern way of reference, when it was obvious to us and to
   them that we were all referring to the same group of Light Beings
   that we of the Light were Cha-neling and Communciating with.
   And the very famous Con-actees from the 50s & early 60s,. Like
   George A-amski, George Van Tassel, Howard Menger, Oleo
   Angelucci and many other contact-es & channe-s of that early
   saucer era all understood this fact as well.
   And the terms of respect that they referred to these same
   benevolent human appearing Beings, were phrases such as
   Space Brothers, Space People, Boys Topside among others
   also referred to them as well, and this situation with Tolec
   would be like him attempting to state that there was a
   difference in the type of beings that these three terms referred
   to, but there is not, of course, any difference what so ever,
   because of simply using various different words or phrases
   to refer to them.
   Also, as Tuella pointed out in her books, and as I have known
   and remembered prior to taking Earth embodiment, there
   are literally many thousands and millions of worlds, planets
   and systems that are key members of this greater organization
   which has been referred to by many different, but still
   somewhat similar titles not just a few or small or very limited
   number of planets involved in their group as Tolec attempts
   to make us believe. And also the number of years, of earth time,
   that the Federation has been a member of the Andromeda
   Council does not tally with the much longer period of time
   that I am aware of, since the Federation was first formed many
   millions of years before.]
   I would also comment on last major important subject, which
   about some of the true facts, now in this New Time Line,
   regarding Niburu or Wormwood, and about the so-called comet
   known as Elenin. This celestial object is really a gigantic
   planetoid Federation mother ship, which was lately positioned
   near Earth to make sure that there will be no major affects from
   Wormwood's passage. Also, a couple of other equally huge
   Federation mother ships, which are invisible to those on the
   third dimension have also positioned themselves at other equal
   distance from the Earth to help it stay very balanced during
   this Ascension process.
   Also in regards to the fear of the huge solar flares that are
   being given off by the sun these are only destructive to those
   of darkness, such as the 1% of humanity, the power e-ite. But
   for those of you who are of the Light (which is really about
   the entire 99% of humanity) these solar flairs actually enhance
   your genetic DNA changes in your bodies and help you excelerate
   the Ascension process into your new, higher vibrational bodies,
   and should be welcomed.
   Also many so-called hyper-dimensional laws of the universe
   have now appeared to have totally changed. For example,
   when earth astronomers state that it takes Light a certain
   amount of years and centuries for the image of many
   astronomical events to finally reach Earth many centuries or
   decades after the event, well now almost within days and
   weeks and months, these same events can now be seen, and
   of course, the affects felt as well.
   I will end this Chan-eling-transmission by saluting each and
   everyone of our Volunteers in Earth embodiment, of all of
   your many lifetimes of service to this planet, not only the
   original core group of the 144,000, who first took Earth
   embodiment, and those who have been i-carnating here for
   millions of years, but also all those who are now peacefully
   rising up now all over the planet to Re-Occupy Mother Earth
   for the Light.
   We cannot thank you enough for your service, but just to say
   that in a very short time, we will be coming down quite openly
   to hover and appear over the huge crowds that will continue
   to grow in number. We will also be eventually openly landing
   and inviting many more to be taken off the planet for the long


20111021-Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 3 of 3.-932.html[12/03/2022 10:29:38]
Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 3 of 3.

   overdue Cosmic R. & R. We have continued to watch over you
   and to guide you to this moment, and know that all your
   dreams and visions that so many of you have seen are barely
   the tip of the iceberg at how wonderful and gloriously beautiful
   it will be for all of you of the Light, as the long awaited Cosmic
   Family Reunion does indeed take place at long last! This has
   been L-rd/Commander Ashtar of the Ashtar Command, signing
   out. B-essings to you all! Much Love and Light to each and
   every one of you!! Adonai Vassu Berogus!!!
   Part 3 of 3.
   John Winston.             johnfw@mlode.com


20111021-Let's Hear It From Ashtar. Part 3 of 3.-932.html[12/03/2022 10:29:38]
