{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T12:33:55Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31220, "source_ctime_ns": 1790766070701107113, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110601-666.-642-514aed7c93.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790766070697864654, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110601-666.-642-514aed7c93.pdf", "source_sha256": "412bd3551a911245415b90adb898d2f4b08568b5402d825a2f2d874436b1e99b"}

666.


  Subject: 666.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 01/06/2011, 07:04
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: 666.
  May 31, 2011.
       Here is what the Cosmic Awareness thinks about the number 666.
  ....................................................
  ....................................................
  That is one reason why the power plant was targeted and HAARP technology
  used against it. There is a report out that speaks of this event but there
  is
  a degree of disinformation involved in that which is presented.
  This Awareness feels complete with the presentation of this information at
  this time.
                                              666-The-Sign-Of-The-Beast
  Questioner: (Thank you). We'll start with the questions now.
  This one comes from Kathy K-vany. She writes, "I haven't heard for a long
  time about 666, the sign of the Beast. What is that... or when will that
  be?"
  Your comment please?
  Cosmic Awareness: The number 666 was a number that in ancient times had
  no association whatsoever with the sign of the beast or the mark of the
  devil.
  Those who understood frequencies, those who understood the old
  numerological language, understood that 666 was the sign rather for
  the solar entity, that which is Sol or the Sun.
  It was the number of high i-lumination, high enlightenment, and the
  ancient ones had such numbers for frequencies that were assigned to
  the moon, the planet and to many other objects.
                                The-number-for-the-Sun-was-666
  This became associated with the d-vil and the beast through the
  manipulation and construction of the C-tholic belief system that was
  meant to control and turn support against certain forces that were once
  w-rshiped, to control the people and to turn their attention away from
  the following of deities and entities and g-ds of the earlier times.
  Those who were pagan, who followed nature and lived in natural harmony
  with Mother Earth were targeted, as the Ca-holic f-ith gained more and
  more power.
  The image of the de-il as being a horned go- with goats' legs and cloven
  feet was the image of Pan, the -od of nature in earlier times, especially in
  Roman times, and this was all a way by which the Ca-holic ch-rch turned the
  loyalties of those followers of the p-gan Roman g-ds away from their
  loyalty,
  away from the wor-hiping of these deities so that the new Chr-stian go-
  could then replace them.
  Often the Cath-lic Chu-ch would go into an area and replace the temple or
  the natural spring with a Ch-istian ch-rch building directly over those
  sites,
  replacing the old re-igion with the Chr-stian reli-ion.
  They understood that the wor-hip of the solar entity/energy of Sol would go
  against their own interests and therefore, when the Gospels of the New
  T-stament were written under Emperor C-nstantine's directives, they
  introduced the concept of the mark of the de-il, the Mark of the Beast 666
  as that which would of course demonize the -od Pan and the pa-an wor-hip
  of the time as well.
  Thus an artificial construct occurred, the peoples became confused and
  eventually, because there was threat of punishment for following the old
  beliefs, the old ways, many started begrudgingly perhaps to turn towards
  the new relig-on, the new ways.
  When the Cath-lic Chu-ch came to that which is now England, the U-ited
  Kingdom, the old ways were still very strong. The new priests found that
  their rel-gion was taken onboard and there was a Celtic version of
  Chr-stianity.
  Those who practiced such Celtic Chr-stianity, which allowed the entity
  Je--s the Ch-ist as part of the fa-th, were driven underground and
  eventually destroyed and the remnants of the Chr-stian faith that was
  Celtic in origin disappeared.


20110601-666.-642.html[12/03/2022 10:27:30]
666.

  In the meantime, all the old -ods, as this Awareness has said, were
  demon-zed, the 666 symbol of the sun previously also was reduced to the
  symbol of the beast and also demo-ized.
  This has not been energized in the more modern times, and yet it can be
  readily brought to the surface, for it lies now deeply in the p-yche of
  Chr-stian philosophy and those who hold to Chr-stian fa-th.
  It is now erroneously the mark of the devi- and while it has not disappeared
  and has somewhat gone underground, it is often still retrieved and used
  when certain individuals wish to do so. Do not be fooled by that sequence of
  numbers.
  There is nothing inherently ev-l in the sign 666, especially if one knows
  the
  history behind how it became a symbol for the -evil in the first place.
  This is all part of the manipulation of consciousness that would lead to
  control
  of the masses.
  Even now this is part of the plan to convince the world that the de-il will
  come back, the Antic-rist will appear, and that the mark of the de-il will
  signal his return.
  These are old antiquated beliefs that are erroneous in nature, but many who
  are Ch-istian followers and believers of the G-spels, especially the Go-pel
  of
  Reve-ation do hold that the sign 666 will designate the Antic-rist, and will
  show his return and therefore, for them, this symbol has great potency
  indeed.
  This Awareness cannot say to any single person, do not pay attention, for
  many have this already deep within their own ps-che, this symbol, this Mark
  of the Beast, and find it very repulsive to them.
  But this Awareness does ask all to realize how this came to be the
  conscious manipulation of peoples' understanding of such matters, the
  control that was asserted over them so that they could enslave them
  and bring them into line.
                          Oprah-Winfrey--The-Powers-That-Be-What-Gives
  Questioner: Thank you. This is much appreciated. Kathy will be pleased
  with the answer, as will the membership. Thank you. I would like to read
  the next question. It comes from Janet B-thke.
  She writes, "I read something last week on the Fourwinds site about a
  recent meeting with the bigwigs - like Bill G-tes, the R-ckefellers, Soros
  etc. which included media moguls Ted T-rner and Oprah W-nfrey.
  It got me to thinking if they have ever tried to get Oprah. She wields a lot
  of power with the general public. Has she ever been bought out,
  compromised or, h-aven forbid, cloned?" Your comments please?
  Cosmic Awareness: This Awareness understands that this person is a
  beloved personality for so many, for she has brought to the public's
  attention time and time again deep issues that needed to be voiced, deep
  issues that needed to be brought to the attention of the people of America
  and the people of the world.
  It is not a pleasant matter to consider that she might have been bought out,
  or she is somehow serving other masters than the highest level of
  consciousness, and many would be offended if this Awareness said that
  she is serving the dark m-sters.
  This Awareness cannot say this fully, but the entity herself is involved in
  some way with higher more powerful beings that are part of the s-cret
  ca-al, but not in a way that she sees as serving them.
  She is aware of them, and she understands that even with her wealth,
  even with the power she holds as a media mogul, that she cannot be so
  naive to think that they would not eliminate her if they wished to.
  Therefore, because she knows the truth of things, she must walk a very
  fine line.
  She does still bring forth much information that is important in nature, but
  she also counteracts that with bringing much triviality forward, such as
  those shows for example, where the proper use of makeup and fashion
  are emphasized.
  She realizes that her audience is still primarily female, and while many are
  very ready to hear much deeper truths, most are not.
  Most are still content with the personalities that she presents on her
  shows,
  the celebrities, the giving of free prizes and rewards to her faithful
  audience,
  and such things.
  But she does indeed still bring forth some who are more s-iritual and aware
  in nature, as evidenced by her presentation of those who were involved in
  the
  film and book "The S-cret".
  She knows she will be allowed to get away with this, for this will keep her
  popular as long as she does not rock the boat too much.
  The Powers That Be will allow her a degree of freedom and she does realize


20110601-666.-642.html[12/03/2022 10:27:30]
666.

  that this does indeed help to bring into the conscious mind of her viewers
  new
  thoughts and new awareness.
  In this she is still very much working for S-irit, but she is not a stupid
  woman
  and she knows that she must be somewhat careful about what she presents,
  so she will only present that which is socially accepted at this time and
  not
  the radical truth.
  Do not expect to see David I-ke on her program or any others who know the
  deeper truth behind the Powers That Be. She would never present these
  individuals.
  Her main focus is still entertainment, with allowing that information of
  sp-ritual nature to be introduced on an occasional basis.
  As for the matter of her being cloned, it is not seen that the individual
  Oprah Wi-frey has been cloned and it does not seem to this Awareness
  that this woman has been seriously compromised, although she does
  know how to play the game.
  Other media mongrels, as the Energizer inadvertently called them, are
  more involved in forwarding an agenda that misleads the American public.
  The entity Ted T-rner with his CNN is very much in the pockets of the
  Powers That Be, and has derived great benefit from being so.
  The entity Conrad B-ack is another who received great compensation
  and power by being a servant to the Powers That Be and it is indeed
  interesting when he went against them how he was slapped down and
  punished, as was the entity Martha S-ewart.
  It is to be seen and understood that these individuals often are impervious
  to the laws of the land unless they do something against those in control
  and in charge.
  It is then that they will be punished as evidenced by Conrad Bl-ck and
  Martha St-wart. There is much more, but this Awareness is complete at this
  time.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110601-666.-642.html[12/03/2022 10:27:30]
