{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T04:06:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 28488, "source_ctime_ns": 1790761202556219992, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110505-Birth-Certificate.-Part-2.-584.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790761202520643751, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110505-Birth-Certificate.-Part-2.-584.pdf", "source_sha256": "e73883f2caed433db9079c377c7da7fe3b9dedac23ab5f2df3183877b27d893f"}

Birth Certificate. Part 2.


   Subject: Birth Certificate. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 05/05/2011, 22:07
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Birth Certificate.                  Part 2.
   May 5, 2011.
   From: amatrix@wowway.com
   December 5, 2009 posted by Gordon
   Duff
   http://www.veteranstoday.com/author/gordonduff
   BIN LADEN NEVER MENTIONED IN McCHRYSTAL REPORT OR OBAMA SPEECH*
   HUNT FOR BIN LADEN A NATIONAL SHAME*
   *By Gordon Duff/STAFF WRITER/Senior Editor*
   Conservative commentator, former Marine Colonel Bob Pappas has been saying
   for years that bin Laden d-ed at Tora Bora and that Senator Kerry's claim
   that
   bin Laden escaped with B-sh help was a l-e. Now we know that Pappas was
   correct. The embarrassment of having Secretary of State Cl-nton talk about
   bin
   Laden in Pakistan was horrific. He has been dead since December 13, 2001
   and now, finally, everyone, O-ama, Mc-hrystal, C-eney, everyone who isn't
   nuts is finally saying what they have known for years.
   However, since we lost a couple of hundred of our top special
   operations forces hunting for bin Laden after we knew he was dead, is
   someone going to answer for this with some jail time? Since we spent
   200 million dollars on special ops looking for someone we knew was
   dead, who is going to jail for that? Since Bu-h, Ru-sfeld and Che-ey
   continually talked about a man they knew was dead, now known to be
   for reasons of P-LITICAL nature, who is going to jail for that? Why
   were tapes brought out, now known to be forged, as legitimate
   intelligence to sway the disputed 2004 election in the US? This is a
   c-iminal act if there ever was one.
   In 66 pages, General Stanley McCh-ystal never mentions Osa-a bin
   Laden.
   Everything is Mullah Omar now. In his talk at West Point, Presi-ent
   Ob-ma never mentioned Osama bin Laden. Col. Pappas makes it clear,
   Vice Pr-sident Che-ey let it out of the bag long ago. Bin Laden was
   ki-led by American troops many many years ago. (JW That may or may
   not be true.)
   America knew Osama bin Laden d-ed December 13, 2001. After that, his
   use was hardly one to unite A-erica but rather one to divide, scam and
   play games. With bin Laden gone, we could have started legitimate nation
   building in Afghanistan instead of the eternal insurgency that we invented
   ourselves.
   Without our ill informed po-icies, we could have had a brought diplomatic
   solution in 2002 in Afghanistan, the one we are ignoring now, and spent
   money rebuilding the country, 5 cents on the dollar compared to what we are
   spending fighting a w-r against an enemy we ourselves recruited thru
   ignorance.
   The bin Laden scam is one of the most shameful acts ever perpetrated against
   the American people. We don't even know if he really was an enemy,
   certainly he was never the person that Bus- and Chen-y said. In fact, the
   B-sh and bin Laden families were always close friends and had been for many
   years.
   What kind of man was Osama bin Laden? This one time Ame-ican ally against
   Russia, son of a wealthy Saudi family, went to Afghanistan to help them
   fight for their freedom. Am-rica saw him as a great hero then. Transcripts
   of the real bin Laden show him to be much more moderate than we claim, angry
   at Israel and the US go-ernment but showing no anger toward Amer-cans and
   never making the kind of theats claimed. All of this is public record for
   any
   with the will to learn.
   How much of Ameri-a's tragedy is tied with these two children of the rich,
   children of families long joined thru money and friendship, the B-sh and
   bin Laden clans.
   One son di-d in remote mountains, another lives in a Dallas suburb hoping
   nobody is sent after him. One is a combat veteran, one never took a strong
   stand unless done from safety and comfort. Islam once saw bin Laden as a
   great leader. Now he is mostly forgotten.
   What has A-erica decided about B-sh?
   We know this: Bin Laden always denied any ties to 9/11 and, in fact, has
   never been charged in relation to 9/11. He not only denied involvement, but


20110505-Birth Certificate. Part 2.-584.html[12/03/2022 10:26:16]
Birth Certificate. Part 2.

   had done so, while alive, 4 times and had vigorously condemned those who
   were involved in the attack.
   This is on the public record, public in every free country except ours. We,
   instead, showed films made by paid actors, made up to look somewhat similar
   to bin Laden, actors who contradicted bin Ladens very public statements,
   actors pretending to be bin Laden long after bin Laden's dea-h.
   These were done to help justify spending, repressive laws, torture and
   simple
   thievery.
   For years, we attacked the gov-rnment of Pakistan for not hunting down
   someone everyone knew was de-d. Bin Laden's d-ath hit the newspapers in
   Pakistan on December 15, 2001. How do you think our ally felt when they
   were continually berated for failing to hunt down and turn over someone who
   didn't exist?
   What do you think this did for Am-rican credibility in Pakistan and thru the
   Islamic world? Were we seen as cri-inals, l-ars or simply f-ols? Which one
   is best?
   This is also tr-ason.
   How does the dea-h of bin Laden and the defeat and dismemberment of Al
   Qaeda impact the intelligence assessments, partially based on, not only bin
   Laden but Al Qaeda activity in Iraq that, not only never happened but was
   now
   known to have been unable to happen?
   How many Pe-tagon Pu-dits, the retired officers who sold their honor to send
   us to wa- for what is now known to be domestic po-itical di-ty tricks and
   not
   national se-urity are culpable in these crimes?
   I don't always agree with Col. Pappas on things. I believe his p-litics
   overrule
   his judgement at times. However, we totally agree on bin Laden, simply
   disagree with what it means. To me l-ing and sending men to their de-ths
   based on lies is trea-on.
   Falsifying mili-ary intelligence and spending billions on unnecessary
   milit-ry
   operations for po-itical reasons is an abomination. Consider this, giving
   billions in contracts to G-P friends who fill campaign coffers, and doing so
   based on falsified int-lligence is insane. This was done for years.
   We spent 8 years chasing a de-d man, spending billions, sending F-I agents,
   the C-A, Navy Sea-s, Marine Fo-ce Recon, Special Forces, many to their
   d-aths, as part of a po-itical campaign to justify running Amer-can inppuff
   up a pack of Pen-agon peac-cks and their Wh-te house draft dod-ing bosses.
   How many laws were pushed thru because of a d-ad man?
   How many hundreds were tortured to find a dea- man?
   How many hundreds died looking for a d-ad man?
   How many billions were spent looking for a de-d man?
   Every time Bu-h, Ch-ney and Rum-feld stood before troops and talked about
   hunting down the dead bin Laden, it was a di-honor. L-ing to men and women
   who put their lives on the line is not a joke.
   Who is going to answer to the families of those who died for the po-itics
   and profit tied to the Hunt for Bin Laden?
   Part 2.
   John Wisnton.


20110505-Birth Certificate. Part 2.-584.html[12/03/2022 10:26:16]
