{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:00:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32924, "source_ctime_ns": 1790669050041084605, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110518-Extraterrestrials.-Part-3.-615.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790669050028821971, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110518-Extraterrestrials.-Part-3.-615.pdf", "source_sha256": "d4468e8229b5184e287b42605c1635e369f5a92e89d5ff3768526be091dabd6f"}

Extraterrestrials. Part 3.


   Subject: Extraterrestrials. Part 3.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 18/05/2011, 00:53
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Extraterrestrials.                    Part 3.
   May 17, 2011.
   ......................................................
   ......................................................
   Sometimes truth is stranger than fiction.
   BIG NOSED GRAY: IDENTITY OF THE ALIEN:
   The name of the creature involved in "The Gate 3 Incident" was an
   Archquloid.
   A-R-C-H-Q-U-L-O-I-D; The alien is described as one of the "Big Nosed Grays."
   It was a 5' 6" tall, gray or tan being with large, black, slanted eyes and a
   mushroom-like head, with four (4) long fingers. They have yellow eyes with
   vertical pupils and very large, beaked noses. They are genetically
   engineered
   by the Ebens [cloned?] and were given to the U.S. G-vernment for
   obervation/examination/study by the Ebens. See Release 23 at
   http://www.serpo.org/
   BERNARIANS
   Inhabitants of the
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/nuevo_universo/barnard.htm
   Bernard's Star' system.
   Although not much has been written about them, it seems that
   human beings at least in part control this star system, along with
   "The Orange". Whether the Saurians have any influence or not is
   uncertain, however some sources indicate a possible collaboration
   similar to that within our own SOL system.
                                                                        BOOTEANS
   Reptilians from the 'Bootes' system. These, AND reptilian entities from
   the `Draconis' system are allegedly involved with
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/esp_dulcebook.htm
   the 'Dulce' scenario as well as the infiltration- implantation-control of
   human society on earth in anticipation of their planned t-keover at
   some point in the future (Draconian).
                                                                      BLUE PEOPLE
   The Cherokee tell of a story of a r-ce of people that were blue skinned that
   they came upon when they entered the lands of Kentucky.
   They bragged over wiping them out, but we have recently found out
   that this may not be the case and they still may exist in the tunnel and
   cave systems of Kentucky and surrounding areas.
   To find out more on this ancient race go
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/vida_alien/alien_watchers05.htm
                                                                    BURROWERS
   Another mutation of the saurian or serpent ra-e that is capable of
   burrowing through the earth. Possibly quadrupedal as well as be-pedal,
   these have been known to use their natural 'boring' abilities to create
   artificial tunnels like moles, or even spontaneously produced 'cave-ins'
   (the
   latter has allegedly been used in attempts to entrap or k-ll unsuspecting
   intruders into the underground domains). These may possess a
   highly-developed 'bio-sensing' system.
                                                                         BUTTAHS
   Being that dwells in sp-ritual darkness. The person may be intellectually
   developed. The Buttah are normally associated with nightmares,
   abductions and the taking of small children. They usually come
   around at night. The Grey aliens who do abductions falls into this
   category. The Reptilians are also part of this group. They are usually not
   very physically attractive. Apparently long ago there was a visitation
   long ago by Buttahs called Wacshashas who were negative, powerful,
   aggressive beings.


20110518-Extraterrestrials. Part 3.-615.html[12/03/2022 10:27:23]
Extraterrestrials. Part 3.

                                                        CETIANS - (or Tau Cetians)
   A human ra-e of 'Mediterranean' or 'South American' appearing, tan-skinned
   humans. Very similar to Caucasian humans on Terra except for SLIGHT
   differences (slightly pointed ears, higher physical 'density' for their
   size, slightly broader nose, 5' 5" tall on average, and often wear short
   'Roman' or 'crew' style haircuts).
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/nuevo_universo/tauceti.htm
   Tau Ceti and
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/nuevo_universo/epseridani.htm
   Epsilon Eridani are said to be a major 'convergence' of exterran 'human'
   activity, and are said to be in alliance with the Pleiadeans (who in
   turn, according to c-ntactees, have 'Federated' alliances with the Vegans,
   the Ummites, and others.). The Cetian alliance with the Pleiadeans and
   'other' societies who have been 'victimized' by the 'Grey' predators is
   based on a desire to establish a common defense against their reptilian
   nemesis.
                                                                    CHAMELEON
   Reptilians genetically bred to enable themselves to appear 'human'. Also
   less-humanoid appearing Reptiloids who use a form of technosis, molecular
   shape-shifting and/or laser holograms to produce an outward "human"
   appearance. Reports of these have surface from underground
   joint-operational facilities near
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/esp_offlimits.htm
   Dulce, New Mexico Dougway, Utah; Groom Lake, Nevada; Deep Springs,
   California; and Fort Lewis, Washington and elsewhere. They are reportedly
   involved in some type of infiltration agenda. These 'infiltrators' can
   appear
   remarkably human outwardly , however at the same time retaining reptilian
   or neo-saurian internal organs. Often described as appearing 'bulge-eyed'
   with scaly, hairless skin behind their 'disguise'. One report alleged
   that the 'Chameleons' may utilize artificial 'lenses' to conceal
   "slit-pupiled iris'". Some claim they are genetically bred 'mercenaries'
   who are part of an advanced guard of a planned silent in-asion-takeover
   of human society.
   An underground species. Some believe them to be human while others
   see them as non-humans. These are the beings from which comes our legends
   of leprachauns and trolls. Unlike the Teros, this 'little' beings are
   considered
   'demented' and cannot be trusted. The Teros try to keep them under
   control and keep them from having excessive power. The Deros live in
   underground tunnels, cities and under the sea.
   This group of insane cave dwellers were called Sumuwnean meaning the
   obese ones, or Saamiym, and Abandonderos or as they are called today
   Deros, which is a combination of the words detrimental and robots. These
   Sumuwneans or Deros really exist.
   There Chief is Yabahaan. The Sumuwneans are constantly in conflict
   with the group of beings called the Duwaanis who hold the same belief,
   that they too will take over the planet one day. They are born by hatching
   from eggs that are four to six feet in diameter.
   They grow to seven feet and are extremely obese. The Deros who
   live in the caves are degenerated so much that, they don't have much
   intelligence. They have two stomachs and their digestive system is the
   same as that of a cow.
   Deros and cows both chew the cud, meaning when they eat, they chew
   their food and it goes through the initial stages of digestion where it
   reaches a large sac that is before the true stomach.
   The food is then regurgitated to the mouth for further chewing; this is
   called chewing the cud. The Deros have no fingernails, toenails, nipples,
   navel or rectum. Their eyes are silver grey and they glow in the dark.
   They have blonde eyebrows and a pinkish grey color skin, much like the
   corpse of a Caucasian, and a pig, having not being exposed to the inner
   or outer Sun. Other than their eyebrows, they have no hair on their
   bodies because of a d-sease called trichotillomania, and are
   responsible for the di-eases trichinosis and trichiniasis.
   They have no teeth. Their mouth appears to be full of a gummy,
   slimy substance. They are nocturnal and hear extremely well.
   They're not very peaceful and have a strong dislike for human
   beings. They are very human in appearance, yet far from it. Their
   noses are long, trunk-like which is very similar to that of an elephant.
   They contend that the Planet Earth was theirs originally and will be
   theirs again one day. Many people today who are obese are
   descendants of the Deros. I'm talking about those people who have
   a serious weight problem, weighing over 300 pounds, which is
   abnormal for human beings.
   It is obviously a hereditary glandular problem and is caused by over
   active glands. Certain endocrine gland disorders, such as
   hypothyroidism or tumors of the adrenal gland, pancreas, or pituitary


20110518-Extraterrestrials. Part 3.-615.html[12/03/2022 10:27:23]
Extraterrestrials. Part 3.

   gland, can cause obesity. It is a trait of who they are from, the Deros.
                                                                    DINOSAUROIDS
   (Human Dinosaurs...Saurians) From: The "NEVADA AERIAL RESEARCH
   JOURNAL" for Summer, 1989. Re-print a UPI news item which appeared
   in a Berkley, California newspaper:
   "Dale Russell, curator of fossil vertebrates at the National Museums
   of Canada in Ottawa, has developed a theory that intelligent life
   forms could have developed from the large reptiles that roamed the
   earth (in ancient times).
   Russell calls his imaginary creature a 'Dinosauroid' which would look
   like a hairless, green-skinned reptile with a bulging skull, luminous
   cat-like eyes and three-fingered hands...
   "The amphibians evolved into a humanoid species that eventually
   developed a culture that ran its course or was destroyed in an
   Atlantis-like catastrophe--just after they had begun exploring
   extraterrestrial frontiers. Certain UFOnauts, then, may be the
   descendants of the survivors of that amphibian culture RETURNING
   from their space colony to monitor the present dominant species on
   the HOME planet." (JW I don't agree with that theory.)
   Part 3.
   John Winston.             johnfw@mlode.com


20110518-Extraterrestrials. Part 3.-615.html[12/03/2022 10:27:23]
