{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T02:28:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30987, "source_ctime_ns": 1790769414566373617, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110606-Da-Wheel-In-A-Wheel.-656-5407d388b9.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790769414509616825, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110606-Da-Wheel-In-A-Wheel.-656-5407d388b9.pdf", "source_sha256": "d1236a952d721c44a37d249eeebab32c406a5e78f441b35564de81cde99adbd8"}

Da Wheel In A Wheel.


  Subject: Da Wheel In A Wheel.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 06/06/2011, 17:04
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Da Wheel In A Wheel.
  June 6, 2011.
  As a student at Texas Tech, while singing in the chorus, it was one of my
  pleasures to sing the old song, that contained the words "Ezekiah Saw Da
  Wheel. Way Up In Da Middle Of Da Air."
     Here is some information about the wheel in a wheel.
  .................................................
  .................................................
  Alex-Tomlinson.com
  Over 40 years ago, a Swiss hotel manager produced a book that was to
  launch him as a bestselling author and turn an obscure and eccentric
  theory into a widely discussed, if unorthodox, take on human prehistory.
  Erich von Dni-en's book Chariots of the G-ds argued that the go-s of
  human re-igion were not supernatural beings from a world of s-irit, but
  visiting aliens from advanced extraterrestrial cultures (see FT169:309337
  and passim).
  The evidence cited was wide-ranging.
  Von DAni-en (below) identified several ancient artefacts and drawings
  as models and images of astronauts. He claimed mysterious lines in the
  deserts of South America were extraterrestrial airports and he also quoted
  from religio-s sc-iptures.
  At first glance, the opening chapter of the Old T-stament Book of E-ekiel
  certainly seems to give credence to the theory. It contains a curious and
  enigmatic description of a close encounter between the prophet Ezekiel
  and what was described as the appearance of the likeness of the glory
  of the L-rd.
  [1] I looked, and I saw a windstorm coming out of the north, an immense
  cloud with flashing lightning and surrounded by brilliant light. The center
  of the fire looked like glowing metal, and in the fire was what looked like
  four living creatures. In appearance their form was that of a man. As I
  looked at the living creatures, I saw a wheel on the ground beside each
  creature with its four faces.
  This was the appearance and structure of the wheels: They sparkled like
  chrysolite, and all four looked alike. Each appeared to be made like a
  wheel intersecting a wheel. As they moved, they would go in any one of
  the four directions the creatures faced; the wheels did not turn about as
  the creatures went. Their rims were high and awesome, and all four rims
  were full of eyes all around.
  When the living creatures moved, the wheels beside them moved; and when
  the living creatures rose from the ground, the wheels also rose. Wherever
  the spirit would go, they would go, and the wheels would rise along with
  them, because the spirit of the living creatures was in the wheels. When
  the creatures moved, they also moved; when the creatures stood still,
  they also stood still; and when the creatures rose from the ground, the
  wheels rose along with them, because the spirit of the living creatures
  was in the wheels.
  The mainstream explanation, to be found in J-wish and C-ristian teaching,
  is that Ezekiel's vision is perhaps the closest anyone comes in the
  Hebrew B-ble to offering a description of -od.
  [3] But if, in fact, Ezekiel had seen a flying saucer and its
  extraterrestrial
  crew, then the G-d was an alien hypotheses starts stacking up.
  And the Ezekiel vision is by no means unique.
  Other passages in the Bi-le can be interpreted in
  a similar manner. What about the Prophet Elijah's
  sudden ascent to the heavens, leaving behind just
  his clothes: As they were walking along and
  talking together, suddenly a chariot of fire and
  horses of fire appeared and separated the two of
  them, and Elijah went up to h-aven in a whirlwind.
  [4] Could this have been an early alien abduction?
  In a similar vein, we might ask what was the Star of Bethlehem that led
  the Wise Men to the baby Je--s? (See panel, p36) Or the pillar of fire
  that guided the Israelites? Or the strange object witnessed by the prophet


20110606-Da Wheel In A Wheel.-656.html[12/03/2022 10:27:35]
Da Wheel In A Wheel.

  Zechariah, just after he had been shown what the Bib-e account describes
  as a gold lamp stand with a bowl at the top with seven lights on it and
  seven channels to the lights?
  [5] I looked again and there before me was a flying scroll thirty feet long
  and fifteen feet wide. (9 x 4.6m)
  [6] Contemporary descriptions of alien craft often describe them as
  cigar-shaped. The prophet, being unfamiliar with cigars, chose a simile
  closer to his own experience to describe whatever it was he saw.
                                 VISHNU'S FLYING CHARIOTS
  Turning from the Ju-eo-Chr-istian tradition to that of the Hindu sc-itures:
  The
  Bhagavata-Purana, Mahabharata and Ramayana, the h-ly books of epics and
  legends, contain multiple references to flying objects of various shapes:
  Dhruva saw a very beautiful chariot descending from the sky that i-lumined
  him and the ten directions as if the full moon itself was appearing. There
  he
  then saw two beautiful demig-ds in it with four arms, a blackish skin, being
  quite young and with eyes reddish like a lotus flower, holding clubs,
  attractively decorated with helmets, bracelets, necklaces and earrings.
  Not only did Dhruva witness the chariot, he was invited aboard to take a
  ride
  through space, much in the manner of later UFO c-ntactees.
  As the associates of the creator of this entire universe, of the Go-head
  have we approached you to take you with us to where the L-rd resides.
  The position of Vishnu, so difficult to reach that not even the greatest of
  enlightenment can achieve it, has been conquered by you. Come and simply
  see the supreme abode which the moon, the sun, the other planets and the
  stars circumambulate to the right. Never ever was this achieved by your
  forefathers or even others, O dear one; come and live there in that supreme
  position of Lo-d Vishnu who is so wor-hippable for the inhabitants of the
  universe. O immortal s-ul, you are worthy to board this unique hea-enly
  chariot that was sent to you by the Praised One, the head of all living
  beings.
  There is even a collective term for these airborne vehicles of the Hindu
  tradition
  be they described as thrones, chariots or even carpets.
  They are the Vimana (see FT267:53). And those that travelled across time
  and space, perhaps originating from other star systems, are known as the
  Devas equivalent, some would argue, to the a-gels of the three monotheistic
  faiths, Islam, Jud-ism and Chris-ianity.
  Stories which can be interpreted as relating to visitations by creatures of
  superior intelligence to Earth's more primitive inhabitants are widespread
  and found in many cultures.
  Ancient Chinese writings tell of rulers of greater wisdom and knowledge
  who could travel by flying.
  Tibetan accounts make mention of kings coming from the stars. Records
  have survived, it is claimed, from the Sumerians and the Egyptian
  Pharaohs that fit equally well with the notion of alien visitations. Whether
  the vehicles are described as like flying pearls, as in Tibetan sources, or
  as
  flying fire-breathing dragons, to use Chinese terminology, perhaps there
  is a common thread linking all the descriptions.
  Despite their belief in the Jinn, a whole r-ce of sp-rits of fire who
  inhabit the
  Earth, Muslims find no direct references to possible UFO visitations in the
  Quran. However, they share and revere the Bibl-cal stories known to
  Chris-ians and -ews; and the possibility of the existence of other creatures
  in other parts of the Universe is seemingly endorsed in script-re. G-d holds
  the option to gather all the creatures of the Universe together, says the
  Quran.
  One of His signs is the creation of the He-vens and the Earth and what He
  has
  spread forth in both of them of living beings; and when He pleases He is
  all-powerful to gather them together.
  Thus, an alien encounter on Earth is not theologically impossible and
  neither is space travel ruled out: O ye assembly of Jinn and men!
  If it be you can pass beyond the regions of the hea-ens and the Earth,
  pass ye! Not without authority will ye be able to pass! Then which of the
  favours of your Lor- will ye deny?
  But as a warning to any future Muslim astronauts, the Quran warns:
  Neither on Earth nor in Heav--n shall you be beyond reach: nor have
  you any guardian or helper besides A-lah.
  [10] Von DAni-en was not the only modern-day populariser of the theory


20110606-Da Wheel In A Wheel.-656.html[12/03/2022 10:27:35]
Da Wheel In A Wheel.

  that the Go-s of old were space travellers. There have been several
  others who have gone on to put a whole additional spin on the theory.
                                       ELOHIM, NEPHILIM ET AL
  One widely read writer on such topics was the late Zecharia Sitchin (see
  next issue's Necrolog for his obituary), whose followers believe Earth
  has been visited by a ra-e of extraterrestrials from a planet called Nibiru
  (or
  http://www.forteantimes.com/features/interviews/3973/planet_x_or_dark_star.html
  Planet X, whose orbit, he claimed, lies beyond that of Neptune, and comes
  closest to Earth every 3,000 years, bringing with it natural disasters, such
  as the Great Flood related in Ge-esis.
  Sitchin based his ideas, he says, on his study of Mesopotamian iconography
  and symbology.
  In his book The 12th Planet, he claimed that this unacknowledged planet
  was known in ancient times and was the home of the Anunnaki, an advanced
  human-like people who bred modern Homo sapiens through genetic
  engineering in order to produce a ra-e of s-aves.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110606-Da Wheel In A Wheel.-656.html[12/03/2022 10:27:35]
