{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:57:25Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 28755, "source_ctime_ns": 1790679277464884390, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110518-Latest-From-The-S.-Hierarchy.-618.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790679277458517868, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110518-Latest-From-The-S.-Hierarchy.-618.pdf", "source_sha256": "ac68c80bff2f81d473b9d0c15ebf06d5674ee6e6b37b191e5d3d76021bc6abe9"}

Latest From The S. Hierarchy.


  Subject: Latest From The S. Hierarchy.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 18/05/2011, 23:54
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Latest From the S. Hierarchy.
  May 18, 2011.
     This states that they are proud of us.
  .........................................................
  .........................................................
  I don't always resonate with all of Sheldon, but some of his stuff
  appears valid. Use your discernment, as always.
  Ja-is
       Date: Tue May 17, 2011
  Update by Sheldan N-dle for the Sp-ritual Hierarchy and the Galactic
  Federation
  3 Caban, 15 Moan, 7 Ik
  Dratzo!
   We return! The process to dethrone the last dark c-bal forges
  ahead! We are watching carefully as the final details are being
  completed. The dark-oriented regimes on your world are still cooperating
  with our Earth allies, but we expect shenanigans and are not taking our
  eyes off them for one second! The purpose behind these transfers of
  power is to promote the rise of truly responsible and transparent
  gov-rnance, not to allow the dark's old, autocratic and non-responsive
  ways to continue. A great deal of legal maneuvering and special
  international use of common-law traditions were required to achieve
  these lofty objectives. Now we are seeing the actual transference of
  power from the Anunnaki's former minions back to the people, reversing
  the trends encouraged by the Anunnaki since the destruction of
  humanity's first Golden A-e some 11,000 years ago. At that time the
  Anunnaki set up a system of on-planet minions, which they refined over
  the ages. This system was only somewhat opened up to the Light by the
  advent of the American R-volution in the 18th century.
         St. Germaine took advantage of this opening by adding the term
  "the pursuit of happiness" to the American Declaration of Independence.
  This phrase enabled St. Germaine later to add the Bill of Rights to the
  U.S. Constitution. Am-rica was thus put on the right footing from her
  inception. This is just one small example of what has been done to set
  the stage for the document that was signed recently by a majority of
  your world's nations. This set of documents kicks off what is about to
  follow. Our intention is to fully support the program mandated by the
  Ascended M-sters. It is a complex agenda in which the transitional
  gove-nments are only the first formal step toward setting up your
  star-nation's galactic society. The Ascended Mast-rs view your
  metamorphosis into Galactic Humans as their primary task. You are on a
  sac-ed journey that H-aven desires you to complete shortly, and to this
  end a unique scenario has been set in motion that is almost done and
  that is to reverse what happened in Atlantis nearly 13,000 years ago.
          Blessings! We are the Ascended Mast-rs! We come to inform you
  that a great revoluti-n in consciousness is spreading across your
  world. The events you are witnessing in the Middle East are part of a
  much wider revolt against the dark. Everywhere, little incidents are
  occurring that challenge the dark's omnipotence, which, while not
  reported as widely, are truly as significant as the more open signs of
  defiance against the dark's power that you see daily erupting and
  strengthening in the Middle East. We are all proud of you! These acts
  of defiance are an open invitation for intervention by He-ven and by
  your galactic and Inner Earth cousins, and the actions being taken on
  your behalf are now largely due to your demonstrable commitment to
  freedom. When the papers signed by many pro-BRIC nations in the last
  few weeks are fully executed you can achieve your unalienable right to
  this freedom! We have drawn up, with Hea-en's help, an agenda that
  fulfills this desire for freedom and personal sovereignty.
               We are, right now, supervising the process of go-ernmental


20110518-Latest From The S. Hierarchy.-618.html[12/03/2022 10:27:24]
Latest From The S. Hierarchy.

  transformation. This involves more than a return to constitutional
  govern-nce and high transparency between gove-nment and citizens. It
  concerns a huge consciousness shift. This implies that a different form
  of go-ernance transcending current models is ultimately required. This
  is another reason for the need for large amounts of constructive
  interaction between all of us. We have worked diligently to keep the
  Light flowing, and this process has reached a point where Heav-n's
  formal dispensation for us to change the very nature of your reality
  kicks in. This allows a group of us to work with our sac-ed
  organizations toward redefining your gov-rnance more along the lines of
  galactic socety, specifically the one practiced in Lemuria. In this we
  are being assisted by a special group from Agartha. This working-group
  has come up with a prototype called "conscious gover-ance," and we would
  now like to describe it to you in greater detail.
          Conscious go-ernance takes galactic society as its working model.
  For this concept to work, four assumptions are made: first, a global
  consciousness shift is underway which H-aven is accelerating daily;
  second, the beginning of a mass first contact with you is happening and
  disclosure is imminent; third, people have lost all confidence in the
  ability of present gov-rnance to solve the world's problems; which leads
  to the fourth, namely, a new form of gov-rnance is now required. With
  the assistance of the Lemurian Grand Council, we have come up with a
  two-part proposal. Part one is simply to stretch the concept of
  participatory gov-rnance to its natural limits: gover-ment needs to
  address honestly the problems facing its citizenry by convening public
  forums that examine problems with the express goal of resolving them
  creatively. The key to this process lies in your growing ability to
  trust your intuitive self. Another key is the creative application of
  "fluid group dynamics."
          The practice of fluid group dynamics is founded on the ability to
  trust in the collective use of intuition to reduce difficulties to
  manageable proportions. At this point resolutions can be pointed to by
  those whose talents and expertise are best suited to the matter in
  hand. Thereafter, sensible and level-headed discussion can iron out any
  further wrinkles. The second part of conscious governan-e requires some
  degree of direction from us while you gain some hands-on experience of
  the process. Then, any unforeseen kinks in the system can be smoothed
  out. This second aspect of the process relies on a harmonious,
  free-flow interaction between the Agarthans and you, and our
  contribution throughout this process is to emphasize your natural
  sovereignty and your unalienable rights, and provide the sacr-d means
  for your return to full consciousness. We are the Ascended Mas-ers!
          The Galactic Federation is presently coordinating the formal
  setting-up of a type of galactic go-ernance globally and has broached
  this subject with several high-level committees of our Earth allies.
  The initial plan is to introduce this concept once the mass landings
  are over. Until then, like the Ascended Mas-ers, we wish to explain to
  you very briefly what we have in mind. As you rise in consciousness,
  the present ways in which your societies are organized may seem less
  satisfactory to you, which is why new approaches and methods are being
  actively investigated by you. Our intent here is to use your growing
  awareness levels as a resource for suggesting new systems of
  organization. Our aim is only to suggest how two simple stages can be
  used to begin your own particular version of galactic society.
           Today, we, together with the Ascended Ma-ters, have begun to
  delineate the concept of conscious governa-ce. We wanted to give you a
  foretaste and to gauge your reaction. This concept is one of many we
  wish to share with you. We look forward to being more specific once we
  can introduce ourselves to you in person. Know, dear Ones, that the
  countless Supply and never-ending Prosperity of He-ven are indeed
  Yours! So Be It! Selamat Gajun! Selamat Ja! (Sirian for Be One! and Be
  in Joy!)
  Planetary Activation Organization | Mailing Address: P. O. Box 4975, El
  Dorado Hills, California 95762 USA
  Voicemail: 808-573-3110 | E-mail: info@paoweb.com | Website address:
  www.paoweb.com
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110518-Latest From The S. Hierarchy.-618.html[12/03/2022 10:27:24]
