{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T13:36:15Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32913, "source_ctime_ns": 1790791577891343552, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111224-Cons-Journal.-Part-3.-1006-64c33b6d69.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790791577629692352, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111224-Cons-Journal.-Part-3.-1006-64c33b6d69.pdf", "source_sha256": "a8d35578148ff3c6082c7228fcdf0f389e5901a8e9bf462ac6a398ac5f8448dd"}

Cons,Journal. Part 3.


   Subject: Cons,Journal. Part 3.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 24/12/2011, 15:18
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Consp. Journal.                Part 3.                     Dec.
   23, 2011.
      This gives an interview with Brad Steiger.
   .........................................................
   .........................................................
   'Z-mbies, Werewolves, V-mpires, Aliens Oh My... '
   By Alexandra H-lzer
   In a Supernatural world comes much responsibility like being a
   Superhero of a much needed to-be-saved city like Gotham, when
   spinning tales and stories of the d-ad, the un-de-d and beyond
   taking precedence where validation and explanation are in need.
   Let me take you back in my Paranormal time-machine to the early
   sixties when author Brad Steiger, was one of the influential
   writers of our time for creating stories based off of research
   that my father, Dr. Hans Ho-zer had pioneered. Of course simply
   not foregoing the plain weirdness factor of getting to the truth
   of it and what is divided up to become folklore, myths and/or
   creepy tales.
   This noted long-time famed spooky veteran author of such said
   stories, shares a few intimate moments with me from how he got
   started to his latest e-book series where the price is just
   right! For around under $- you get sixty gripping and artfully
   designed pages depicting the supernatural real to unreal. Grab a
   warm bed or chair and blanky, something strong to drink and open
   up your mind to Steigerisms envisions beginning circa 1965.
   Steiger wrote numerous short stories for such magazines as
   Fantastic, Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine, The Saint,
   Exploring the Unknown, and Fate. His first book was Monsters,
   Maidens, and Mayhem: A Pictorial History of the Hollywood
   Monster Movie, followed by the sequel, Master Movie Monsters,
   later that same year. Next was a collection of articles on the
   paranormal published as Ghosts, Ghouls, and Other Peculiar
   People. He has written more than two thousand articles with
   paranormal themes. Many of his fans began reading his work as
   youngsters. Steiger left teaching and became a full-time
   paranormal researcher and writer. Read why below as it gets
   creepier...
   The Steiger I-vasion
   HOL-ER: What inspired you to write about the Supernatural?
   STEIGER: I guess I was born this way. I grew up in a house
   with continuing spectral manifestations; I encountered an
   elflike being spying on my parents when I was five; I had a near-
   death experience when I was eleven that presented me with an
   awesome glimpse of the workings of the mysteries of time and
   space. If only I could remember all that I was shown, but I
   recalled enough to set my course as one who would seek to share
   the awareness that we humans and our minds are other than
   physical things.
   AH: As a fellow writer, we write what we know. Is this true of
   any of your body of work and if so, which ones?
   BS: Of the 170 books that I have authored or co-authored, the
   vast majority of them have been in the p-ranormal, m-taphysical,
   or UFO areas of research. Because of my own experiences and my
   continuing research, I have always written what I know to be my
   area of expertise. Fortunately, readers have responded to my
   sharing for over 50 years now.
   AH: Can you describe your most impressionable moment in the
   literary field?


20111224-Cons,Journal. Part 3.-1006.html[12/03/2022 10:30:54]
Cons,Journal. Part 3.

   BS: When I sold my first articles on the paranormal in 1956 and
   in 1966 when I went to New York for the first time and met the
   editors and writers with whom I had been corresponding for so
   long.
   AH: You often times write with your wife, Sherry. How did that
   come about?
   BS: I have been blessed to have married a woman who is as
   bright and creative as she is beautiful. Sherry had a rich
   background of experiences in both the s-iritual and pa-anormal
   fields. From our first meeting, I was delighted to discover that
   she had researched, written, and lectured about so many of the
   same areas that I had and that we shared the same sense of
   purpose. She is my muse, as well as my partner.
   AH: A number of reviewers have referred to you as the
   "original" Mulder and Scully and suggested that you had well
   established your own X-Files long before the television series
   began. You were featured in twenty-two episodes of the
   television series Could It Be a Miracle?, and together some of
   your television appearances and specials include: The Joan
   Rivers Show, Entertainment Tonight, Inside Edition, Hard Copy,
   Hollywood Insider, and specials on HBO, USA Network, The
   Learning Channel, The History Channel, and Arts and
   Entertainment (A&E), among others. Do you think writers of today
   get as much attention or has it become to commercialized and
   hand-picked as to who gets known for such said work?
   BS: Since our earliest childhoods, Sherry and I have been
   driven by a sense of mission to share a vision of a greater
   reality. I emphasis "share." We do not seek to persuade anyone
   to accept any of our theories or philosophy. We only ask that
   people keep an open mind to the other worlds of thought and
   experiences open to them. For us, the media simply offered
   another opportunity to fulfill another aspect of our mission.
   The new eBook series is another new tool that I am using to
   reach the contemporary hi-tech generation.
   AH: You were a high school and college English teacher. What
   was that like?
   BS: I taught high school in the golden Fifties. I loved
   getting the kids excited about learning and literature. David
   Drake, the highly successful science fiction author who is on
   his way to write as many books as I have, was one of my high
   school students. A few years ago when Sherry and I were
   autographing books at the American Booksellers Association, I
   had the pleasure of sitting just a few tables away from another
   of my high school students who was autographing her book .
   AH: You've written many gripping stories in the Supernatural
   genre, yet you also wrote 'Real M-racles, D-vine Intervention
   and Feats of Incredible Survival.' Can you tell us what inspired
   this story as it is very different from your other body of works.
   BS: What can be more "supernatural" than men and women pushed
   beyond their limits to survive seemingly impossible conditions?
   Individuals who have survived falls out of airplanes at high
   altitudes; men and women who have survived floods, tornados,
   tsunamis, wild animal attacks, and ostensible fatal d-seases. On
   one level, the supernatural is simply the world we all live in
   but do not yet fully comprehend. On another level, it would
   appear that benevolent beings from other dimensions of reality
   are genuinely concerned about our future as a species.
   AH: Have you any interest and/or aspirations for Hollywood so-
   to-speak in turning any of your books into teleplays for
   television/film or do you feel comfortable to keep writing the
   way you have for so long?
   BS: I respect screen writing as another form of artistic
   expression. I am pleased to continue to practice the craft of
   writing in my own style of communication.
   AH: As a child what did you feel to be when you were to grow
   up, if indeed you have?
   BS: Ha! Yes, I guess I am what you would identify as someone
   who strives to remember the enthusiasm of the child-self that
   still exists in my psyche. The only thing I ever wanted to be


20111224-Cons,Journal. Part 3.-1006.html[12/03/2022 10:30:54]
Cons,Journal. Part 3.

   was a writer, sharing the insights and experiences that I hoped
   would be of interest to others.
   AH: You have begun a new series of short stories in e-book
   format 'Real Nightmares' which I had the pleasure of reading.
   One's called 'Real Nightmares: True and Truly Scary Unexplained
   Phenomena'. This is the new thing is it not, e-books?
   BS: For years I have been a steadfast disciple of linear type,
   but now I must pay heed to one of my guiding mottos: "In the
   beginning was the word, and the word was 'adjust.'"
   AH: In closing, I have to say I love the new Z-mbie book,
   'Real Zo-bies, The Living De-d And Creatures Of The Apocalypse'.
   Brilliant! You certainly have something for everyone in your
   writing library I must say! What's next on the horizon for you
   and Sherry?
   BS: We are currently working on the Second Edition of our
   Consp-racies and Sec-et So-ieties, then I will be engaged in the
   Second Edition of my Real Ghosts, Restless Spir-ts, and Haunted
   Places.
   Steiger's books are printed by Visible Ink Press at
   www.visibleinkpress.com
   Brad and Sherry Steiger can be found at
   www.bradandsherry.com
   Follow Alexandra Hol-er on Twitter:
   www.twitter.com/AlexandraHolzer
   Source: The Huffington Post
   http://www.huffingtonpost.com/alexandra-holzer/brad-steiger-
   interview_b_1077990.html
   - BOOK REVIEW DEPARTMENT -
   Author Steve Pearse Presents A New Theory Of The Aliens' Point
   Of Origin
   By Sean Ca-teel
   In a new book called "Set Your Phaser To Stun," lay scientist
   Steve P-arse challenges what he calls the "sa-red cow" of the
   star map first drawn by abductee Betty Hill in the early 1960s.
   When that same map was later verified by amateur astronomer
   Marjorie Fish, it was heralded by even the mainstream
   publication "Astronomy Magazine" as a significant contribution
   to the understanding of nearby stars.
   But let's go back to the beginning. Betty, along with her
   husband Barney, were the unwitting passersby chosen to be
   abducted by the usual gray aliens in 1961. Their abduction case
   is the first to be thoroughly documented and has stood the test
   of time in the 50 years since it first occurred. The Hills
   worked through their experience with a Boston psychiatrist named
   Benjamin Simon, who specialized in treating victims of shell
   shock, what we would today call Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.
   Simon's efforts with the Hills established what would become the
   familiar pattern of abduction memories being retrieved sometime
   after the actual events through the use of hypnotic regression.
   During one of her sessions with Dr. Simon, Betty relived the
   moment when she asked the alien leader where he was from. In
   what seems like a comic bit of understatement, she says, "I know
   you're not from around here."
   Part 3.
   John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20111224-Cons,Journal. Part 3.-1006.html[12/03/2022 10:30:54]
