{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T11:00:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32273, "source_ctime_ns": 1790670394562133125, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111011-Columbus-Day-And-St.-Germain.-910-06ec606d3c.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790670394543364488, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111011-Columbus-Day-And-St.-Germain.-910-06ec606d3c.pdf", "source_sha256": "3098bc680e75784945f47a7af7e435f10b6e484d78b93c77d397dc18a0507be8"}

Columbus Day And St. Germain.


  Subject: Columbus Day And St. Germain.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 11/10/2011, 01:57
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Columbus Day and St. Germain.
  Oct. 10, 2011.
    On this day, which is Columbus Day, here are some things about Columbus
  and thee past lives of a person called St. Germain.
  ......................................................
  ......................................................
  An excellent message. At the end is listed all the known lives of St.
  Germain.
  Fascinating!
  J-nis
  St. Germain was Christopher Columbus & has released his Funds as his day
  and our approaches.
    Each of us on Planet Earth is heir to a Vast Fortune & to our
  Materializing
  D-vinity!
       Jack
        Un-K-now-able HearTouch of Ishvara's Golden Grace of Our Ascension
         http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GJack/messages
  Ascended M-ster Saint Germain
  http://www.templeofthepresence.org/saint-germain.htm
  Ascended Ma-ter Saint Germain is the Chohan of G-d's Violet Ray of
  Freedom, Mercy, and Transmutation.
  "Place the Violet Flame through your heart and then let go and know who
  you are."
  " . . . Throughout the ages, before there was the Opportunity for the
  fullness of My Message to be released into the physical, I was able to
  work behind the scenes with many lifestreams who were receptive to My
  Flame. They were galvanized by Freedom, and what Freedom meant to
  the lifestream. They did not have to know that there was a Violet Flame.
  They did not have to know that there was an I AM Presence, but they
  felt the Fire of My Heart.
      "You know of the Violet Flame. You know of your Go- Presence, and
  you know My Flame. Move into action. Take up the Sword. Allow for your
  calls to go forth to the Violet Flame, to release the planet from all of the
  burdens, all of the overlays of the astral and the p-ychic plane. Allow
  for the Freedom to come to the elemental kingdom. The burden alone
  that the elementals have carried for the lifestreams upon the planet is
  great. You should feel a sense of responsibility to lift that burden with
  your calls.
      "But call as you will, that call must connect with your -od Presence.
  And if there is too much of the human ego for you to give yourself over
  to your G-d Presence, it will always be 'another day' and 'another day'
  and 'another day' after that, before you will finally feel the release of
  the
  Light in your world.
      "One of the most important reasons for transmuting the human ego is
  the learning process that is required for you to step aside with all of the
  human creation, and allow for your -od Presence to manifest where you
  are. You are not giving yourself over to another lifestream. You are not
  giving yourself over to another Ascended Ma-ter. You are not winning
  your Victory through a vicarious atonement. It is, beloved hearts, your
  own Real G-d Presence.
      "Allow for all that is of the human to dissolve into a total surrender
  into your H-ly C-rist Self, and then into your G-d Presence. Approach
  the altar with the intent and desire of communion with your Go- Presence
  - in Harmony with the expectation of the Love that will be released, and
  you lay all of your burdens aside. Place them physically on the altar if
  you must go through the exercise. You could even have a little box, not
  unlike Pandora's box, that you place all the ills of your life. Put the lid
  on
  it so that it's 'over there' - then enter into the Flame.
      "You have nothing to lose. If you choose to pick up your human ego
  outside the sanctuary door, it will still be there - because you can
  recreate it. It is in your memory body. Or you can put it into the Flame
  and see what is left. I think you will be most surprised. For if you have


20111011-Columbus Day And St. Germain.-910.html[12/03/2022 10:29:33]
Columbus Day And St. Germain.

  been a most sincere student on the Path for many lifetimes, you will
  discover that not all was transmuted, not all went into the Flame and
  was no more. For lo and behold, you will turn around and discover that
  many of those aspects of you - that you thought perhaps might have
  been the human ego and the human pride, might have been the human
  creation - were, in fact, not at all - but the expression of your own -od
  Presence already manifesting into the physical. But because there is
  such a fear of the surrender and the letting go, many do not ever get to
  the point of feeling the fullness of that Release and the Oneness with
  their G-d Presence.
      "This is the Opportunity for Happiness, beloved ones. And I, Saint
  Germain, wish each and every one the fullness of Joy in living. For it
  should not be a drudgery, a depression, or a state of illness. And even
  when there is the physical outpicturing of this or that - that may not
  measure up to what you think is Perfection - it matters not. For the
  Flame, beloved ones, that is on your heart, that connects you with
  your Go- Presence and buoys you up into the fullness of that Light is
  all that matters.
      "For you cannot take it all with you. Why would you wish to? You
  can even, beloved hearts, take the physical body with you, if you
  choose. There have been Those who have. But should you elect to
  leave part of it behind, to go back to the dust, you have that
  prerogative. It is no longer necessary to take the physical body with
  you in the Ascension.
      "Do not be afraid. Do not sense the loss of something that is not Real,
  but allow yourself to step forward into the Flame that you invoke at your
  own private altar as an exercise of preparation for all of the Flames of
  -od Quality that you will experience on your way to the Ascension.
      "I promise you that, should you choose to exercise all of your options
  of free will in the application that has been laid before you this very
  weekend, you will see - if not today, tomorrow, or perhaps the next - it
  will take as long as the intent of your heart and the desiring for -od in
  your life - but you will experience all that has been laid before you.
      "It is Cosmic Law. It is a Science. And one day the Earth's scientists
  will wake up to how it all works. There are some, even today, that are
  beginning to question more and more, and find that the ways of the world
  and the outer intellect become confounded and they cannot explain all
  into the terms of esoterics. 'It is a mystery' indeed. But you, as Ascended
  Mas-er students, know the Mysteries. You know the Light, and you know
  who you are. Recognize it. Become it, and expand it to others.
      "This is My Message. This is the Desire of My Heart: that each of you
  exhibit the fullness of the Opportunity that is afforded you to become the
  Ch-isted One, to walk in the Light of the Chri-t. And then take My Message
  and run with It. Collect together, do not put It, My Message, on the
  shelf, but put It on the altar and let It expand, and let the Fires of the
  Heart of your own Go- Presence bring into the fullness of your own life
  the Power, the Wisdom, and the Love of -od, and all good things will
  come into your life.
     There will be a greater Abundance of Light than you will be able to
  keep in your members. You will be required to give It back to G-d in a
  figure eight flow, or to release It to others and to -od in Life. You will
  not be able to contain It. And guess what? The more you give the
  more you will receive, until one day you will go spinning out of control
  right into the Ascension and you will not even know that you are there.
  It matters not where you are on the Path. It matters what you are
  doing on the Path. For there are victories and accomplishments each
  and every day that are joys to experience.
      "Lighten the heart. Place a smile on your face and in your eyes, and
  know that you will truly be expressing the Smile and Twinkle of the
  Eye of your own G-d Presence right where you are in the physical. For
  that is the expression that exists at that Level of G-d Reality.
      "I AM Grateful for your attention, and I understand the dilemma
  that some are in. Think not I am unaware. But trust, each and every
  one of you, the heart. Place the Violet Flame through your heart and
  then let go, and know who you are. That is My requirement as the
  Knight Commander, and the Directive for this next cycle.
      "Yes, beloved ones, We are entering into an Age when you will see
  Me far more than you have ever seen Me in the past. For I AM directly
  involved in the affairs of the expansion of the Light for this next two
  thousand year cycle, and I will be in attendance wherever there are
  those who say they are students of the Light and are earnest and
  pure with that intent. But mark well, it must be of pure intent. For I
  do not have time to dally with anything that is less than the Go- Reality
  that will take Us into the Golden A-e. There is no game playing. For the
  Dispensations are on the table. The Opportunity has been afforded,
  and the cycles are now to move into action to let the Earth know that
  Saint Germain is ready for the Golden Ag-, and ready to bring up those
  Chr-sted individuals into the fullness of their G-d Presence.
      "As you move forward, day to day, week, month, and lifetime, do not
  neglect the Flame on your heart. Should you elect at any time to move
  away from the active work of the Ascended Mast-rs, I charge well that


20111011-Columbus Day And St. Germain.-910.html[12/03/2022 10:29:33]
Columbus Day And St. Germain.

  you will remember My Words, that you are required to maintain the
  Flame where ere you go, for the connection with My Heart will not be
  severed. For you are, beloved ones, too precious and too dear to be
  allowed to slip away in the night and pretend that I, Saint Germain,
  did never exist in your life.
      "Allow for the Violet Flame that I have released this night to move
  through your bodies, to transmute all of the tensions of the solar
  plexus, and allow for the integration of your heart with your own
  G-d Presence. And be of Joy and Happiness to know that you have a
  Go- Presence that looks after you, that adores you, that is who you
  are. . . . "
  Beloved Ascended Mas-er Saint Germain
  Bozeman, Montana, U.S.A.
  Ascended Mast-r Saint Germain
      a.. Divine Qualities
      a.. Freedom
      b.. Mercy
      c.. Transmutation
      d.. Ritual
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20111011-Columbus Day And St. Germain.-910.html[12/03/2022 10:29:33]
