{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T12:32:56Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 26877, "source_ctime_ns": 1790739171138519975, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111001-Will-We-Live-1-000-Years_-895.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790739171029212470, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111001-Will-We-Live-1-000-Years_-895.pdf", "source_sha256": "cc9700169f29db15fb2257a433d3cde4e581814597b556e2e25a0f0f176a96c4"}

Will We Live 1,000 Years?


  Subject: Will We Live 1,000 Years?
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 01/10/2011, 16:14
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Will We Live 1,000 Years?
  Oct., 2011.
     This person thinks we may live to be 1,000 years old.
  ........................................................
  ........................................................
  Very encouraging message today.
  Ja-is
  From: Michael Q-insey
  mailto:michael.quinsey@mypostoffice.co.uk
  Sent: Friday, September 30, 2011
  SaLuSa 30-September-2011
  The dark Ones are losing their power and the Lightworkers are closing in
  on them. The object is to keep them from delaying the changes that are
  so near, so that our plan can take off with all speed. As you might realize,
  immense organization has gone into it, and our allies have been taking up
  their positions for quite some time. Each project is a massive undertaking,
  but with our advanced technologies we can progress even the tiniest detail.
  When we give the signal to go ahead, it will work like a m-litary campaign
  and it will overwhelm any opposition. As you may guess, matters will
  proceed much better when the right people have replaced those in authority
  who do not truly represent you. Attending to that is high on our list, and
  about to take top priority.
  You are handling the changes so well, and it is helped by your understanding
  of your involvement and how important you are to us. We want you to see
  that whatever happens now is all part of the breakdown of the old, and its
  interface with the new. Indeed so much is new, that little of the old will
  remain as you know it now. You are to take a great leap forward into the
  A-e of Surprises, giving you all of the advantages that should long ago have
  lifted you into the New Ag-. You have heard so much about energy saving
  devices, and once these are introduced, you will no longer be dependent
  on the O-l Industries. At a stroke, they will end poor standards of living
  whilst at the same time massively reducing pollution. In general the basic
  needs of people will be covered and s-arvation eradicated. The changes
  in transportation will take time, and the systems will be unrecognisable
  to what they are now. Speed of contact and communication will be
  accessible to all, and distance will be of no importance.
  Overcoming lack is an easy challenge for us to meet, and again it is both
  our technologies and vast numbers of personnel who can easily deal with it.
  We are so wanting to get going, and we certainly have patience and at the
  same time we are anticipating the joy and happiness that is coming to you.
  We love the thought of seeing the expressions on your faces, and your
  release from the thraldom of years of being subservient to those with
  wealth and power. Peace shall descend within a short time, as w-r and
  the we-pons of wa- will be silenced. -ar has been perpetuated for many
  reasons, and not least of all to keep you in a constant state of need.
  Your true life starts very soon, and so it will continue as you rise even
  further upwards. Life is meant to fun and fulfilling, rewarding and
  challenging to allow a full expression of your potential. Hitherto you have
  been firmly kept in your place with little opportunity of doing so. Each of
  you have so much talent, and with so much time to yourself in the future
  will be able to devote as much to it as you wish. It can cover self
  development in the arts, music or whatever your choice. There is truly no
  limit to how far you can go, and the greatest teachers will help you along.
  Life can at present be exceptionally boring, but in the future will become
  full of opportunities and adventures that could even take you to other
  Universes. In your higher state of consciousness, you will meet other
  s-uls of a like level who acknowledge the Creator as you do. You will
  have all the time you need as your life span will increase with the
  upliftment in your vibrations, and a 1000 years would not be uncommon.
  As you are no doubt beginning to realize, life on Earth really bears little
  resemblance to what you would call normal once you have ascended. The
  3rd. dimension and its home of duality, is by its very nature one where


20111001-Will We Live 1,000 Years_-895.html[12/03/2022 10:29:30]
Will We Live 1,000 Years?

  you experience a severe testing, and yet you desired that experience.
  Given everything you know now, you will gain much strength to see out
  the last period of duality. It will be hectic, it will sometimes be
  threatening
  to life and limb, yet for all that the Golden A-e is taking shape and awaits
  your presence. We ask for what reason would you want to remain in the
  lower dimensions, when all that you could dream of is waiting for you.
  Realize that you can only reach your full potential in the higher
  dimensions, and that your earthly i-carnations are planned primarily to
  speed up your e-olution. Think of what the future holds for you, and we
  are certain that it will easily carry you through the remainder of your
  life.
  That way you can actually enjoy it by not allowing any negativity into it.
  On the world stage the big players are polarising in such a way, that the
  Light has more support than ever, and it continues to increase
  exponentially.
  Together with the increasing amounts being sent to Earth, it is apparent
  to us that this year will end with the highest levels of Light in this
  cycle.
  There is no doubt whatsoever that you are ready to move into the next
  stage, that will open a clear path to Ascension. This year will close with
  a resounding victory for the Light and with it will come the prospect of
  total peace on Earth, for the first time in thousands of years. Hold this
  vision and you will help it manifest, and lift up those around you.
  Our tasks remain much the same as always, with the focus upon the
  dark Ones and their activities. We know them well and are aware of
  their plans to make a last gasp attempt to create a false alien attack.
  We are allowed to prevent it, and shall not hesitate to do so. As we
  see it, other events will precede such a time that will in any event
  make it impossible. We abide by the High Councils who decide policy
  matters, and are well aware of the D-vine Decree concerning the
  end-times. It is time for the Light to become the controlling influence
  in deciding how the future works out.
  I am SaLuSa from Sirius, and find our reception from you is very friendly
  and accepting of our presence. Some fear our motives but that results
  from years of conditioning, that is meant to see us as a threat to your
  lives. We know we can soon dispel them, and disclosure will allow us
  an opportunity to present ourselves to you. You will find that our very
  words carry the vibration of love, and that will calm such fears. Our
  actions have never been threatening, but have shown the caring and
  love we have for you all.
  Thank you SaLuSa
  Mile Qu-nsey
  John Winston.             johnfw@mlode.com


20111001-Will We Live 1,000 Years_-895.html[12/03/2022 10:29:30]
