{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:35:54Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32274, "source_ctime_ns": 1790676816487385037, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111002-Ruth-s-Newsletter.-Part-2-of-2.-897-0cab5713ab.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790676816449389758, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111002-Ruth-s-Newsletter.-Part-2-of-2.-897-0cab5713ab.pdf", "source_sha256": "fe4136648d242c6d2d03958bb60a16fee0662c661b08858bc057b020c1bd09d5"}

Ruth's Newsletter. Part 2 of 2.


   Subject: Ruth's Newsletter. Part 2 of 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 02/10/2011, 22:51
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Ruth's Newsletter.                 Part 2 of 2.
   Oct. 1, 2011.
      They say they are here to help us.
   ..................................................................
   ..................................................................
             The word possession covers a lot of ground, for many of these
   traveling
   s-irits will cause uncomfortable emotions and uncontrolled actions, but
   seem to mostly come and go. On the other hand, and most importantly, there
   are sp-rits who are aligned with the Dark Forces of your universe, set here
   to provide the negative side of creative energy. The old concept of the
   D-vil
   and his legions may have been romanticized over the years, but the reality
   continues to bring humanity face to face with themselves and the world in
   the challenges that are met every day. As individuals begin to realize who
   and what they are as spi-itual beings, the minions of the dark forces muster
   their strength, trying to force their way into these open minds, using all
   of their
   guile and lies to convince an individual that the power they are being fed
   is
   something from G-d. It seems just great for awhile, then there is the
   realization that the attitudes of a loved one is changing, the kindness and
   love
   they normally have shown digresses into nasty attitudes and a need to
   retreat
   into self. The body is being attacked also, and the person starts looking
   gaunt and unhappy. In extreme cases, the De-il made me do it becomes a
   reality.
               Yes, possession is very real and very terrible. Your bars and
   lounges
   are full of people who live their lives in misery, d-inking constantly to
   blank
   out the desperation and loneliness they are feeling, trying to keep their
   inner
   knowing of the right way from being destroyed by the negative forces in
   their minds who constantly push them in the other direction.
               You, who have been on the Path to Light, have a real advantage
   here,
   for when the power of Love is accepted, acknowledged and kept in the heart
   and mind, your doorway to eternity presents a barrier against such wayward
   and e-il sp-rit beings. You might envision this as a golden veil across
   that
   doorway that prevents negative beings of any kind from penetrating your
   thoughts or nervous systems. Don't get too cocky, though, and think that
   because you have learned so much you can't get caught up in this mire of
   deception. Knowing about the way to connect with the Eternal Creator is
   not the same as living what you have learned. There are many people
   strutting around, making a lot of money teaching all the right things to
   their
   customers, yet living lives that invite the dark forces to consume them with
   greed and envy. Look carefully at the lives of the teachers you want to
   follow.
   The power of Love must be a constant in your lives, an absolute part of
   your thinking, your needs, your actions, your emotions; there is no half-way
   belief or little bits of knowledge that will keep your path pure and clear.
                    The dark forces will be deposed from your universe at a
   time
   when the Eternal Creator chooses and that time may not be too far away,
   even as you consider time. Because of this, the dark spir-ts are attacking
   strongly now, especially those they see becoming totally aware of the
   Family of Go- throughout all space and times. Human beings who have
   no knowledge of right or wrong and are reaching out for something in
   their lives are easy targets for the dark powers to take over their
   thoughts.
   The increase in crime and cruelty is quite evident today. The misery in
   your world caused by the dark forces working through human beings is


20111002-Ruth's Newsletter. Part 2 of 2.-897.html[12/03/2022 10:29:30]
Ruth's Newsletter. Part 2 of 2.

   tragic.
                  What can do you about it? First of all, be totally aware
   that
   this so-called myth is not a myth, but a potent reality. The knowledge
   that a problem exists is the first step to either ignoring it, working
   around it, or doing something about it.
                    Start your day with a p-ayer, a conversation with -od, to
   renew your awareness of that presence and the presence of your A-gels.
   Ask for protection, guidance and the reality of that beautiful Love
   Energy within you all day. Then you need not fear any di-incarnate
   being trying to take advantage of your open doorway.
                   As you become conscious of changing attitudes to people
   you live with, work with, or meet, think about what might be happening
   in their inner beings. If they are people who reject the idea of a higher
   power in their lives and live only with the materiality of the world, the
   possibility of dark entities being lodged in their minds could be very
   high. People who are charging about, trying to find they know not what,
   their lives personal m-sses, relationships falling apart, etc., may be
   plagued by negative entities who are making their lives a personal
   h-ll. Please understand that well-meaning talks to try and help such
   people only causes the inner negative forces to put up very strong
   barriers in that poor victim's mind against truth of any kind. There
   are spi-itual people who have been trained to understand these barriers
   and know how to work with them. If possible, try to steer a victim to
   one of these people. Many c-urches today are working with this
   problem and know what they are doing, as well as enlightened Light
   Workers who live this path of service.
               Free Will is not just a cute r-ligious spiri-ual term. It is a
   great
   power given to every spiri- at its creation, a part of the Creative Power
   of G-d. It is your passport to a life that can be used to go through the
   gate to spir-tual Light and Power, or the gate of greed, envy and
   supposedly easy living. Every one of you has that choice. Choices are
   made either from a sensible period of consideration, using inner
   guidance, or jumped into without prudent thought. It's fun, sometimes,
   to do things on the spur of the moment, adding a little spice to life
   when the outcome is largely unknown. That spice can become too hot
   to handle, though, when that jump propels one into situations that lead
   to unpleasant consequences.
     This is not the time, in your present a-e, to jump into murky or unknown
   waters. Make time to consider all of the possibilities in new opportunities
   they may involve traps for the unwary. Listen carefully to what is being
   taught about spirit-ality, wherever you may encounter such teachings.
   The dark forces are very evident in some of these teachings disguised
   as Truth or communications from alien beings. How does one tell the
   difference?
          You are spiri-ual beings and when you are connected with that inner
   spirit-al Truth, lies, distortions of truth, outright false teachings of any
   kind, become very evident. Follow your inner feelings on such matters.
   Don't accept anything you hear immediately without taking it home with
   you and letting it filter through your inner spiritual computer. After
   thinking it over for awhile, you may see what you have been hearing,
   seeing or reading in a very different light. Be very careful about joining
   organizations that profess to be working for the Light, until you have
   really found out all you can about the people and what they are doing.
   When and if you do find a group of people working very hard to bring
   spirit-al Truth to the world, consider joining them to do something really
   important for humanity.
          We want to impress that all communications being published as
   being received from other-world beings is not false. You are not alone
   in the universe and galaxies, and never have been. Other species of
   beings have been among you, working for you, and observing you since
   the beginning of your time. There are many visitors who have merely
   been observing for their own curiosity and knowledge, for their own
   benefit, and many others who have reached their own point of high
   spirituali-y, trying to help the Earth grow to its full potential. At the
   proper time, they will appear to humanity and become part of your
   world population as constant visitors. Listen to alien communications
   in this light consider what is being said and how it is being received.
   Again, you have the choice of accepting it or not, being critical of
   the content, or not. Especially in this case, be very careful. Science
   Fiction buffs sometimes get caught up in the excitement of it all,
   without really listening to what is being taught.
               Humanity is at a crossroads. We urge you to take the high
   road of Love, Truth and Peace. The low road contains negative
   energies and lead to nowhere. Keep Love in high gear and nothing
   can stop your journey to the highest stages of the spir-tual beings you
   are. Ask for our help when you need it; we are here for you always.
                                                 ***********************************


20111002-Ruth's Newsletter. Part 2 of 2.-897.html[12/03/2022 10:29:30]
Ruth's Newsletter. Part 2 of 2.


   Part 2 of 2.
   John Winston. johnfw@mlode.com
   .....................................
   .....................................
   JW
   Your may remember that about year ago I relayed a request from
   Art Bell saying that he was in Manila, Phillipians and they were having
   brown outs. That is when they cut off the electricity to everone because
   their water powered genertors have to be cut of for lack of power. He
   asked everyone to send out good thought for rain to fill the lakes that
   supply the water for the power. I passed the one on to you people.
     Thanks to you it rained enough so there is water in the streets waist
   deep. Unfortunately it brought winds of more than 80 miles per hour
   and did some damage with some loss of life.
   John Winston.                  johnfw@mlode.com
   ..........................
     JW I'm still trying to locate the producer, director person called Rory
   Griffin because my friend Hank Gray, who runs a community TV show
   would like to work with him to produce a movie about the Dogon people in
   Africa. I need Rory Griffins phone number again.
     Also Gogi Berries are now put out by V8 that is called V Fusion. It also
   contains Raspberries.
   That's all for now,
    John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20111002-Ruth's Newsletter. Part 2 of 2.-897.html[12/03/2022 10:29:30]
