{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T07:46:46Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33091, "source_ctime_ns": 1790734238508316168, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110607-Mayan-2012.-657-39d45b380a.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790734238406628545, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110607-Mayan-2012.-657-39d45b380a.pdf", "source_sha256": "8d72a35caebc0a75d39619b9d86d162d8fee04152b894e1355150c91076cd24f"}

Mayan 2012.


  Subject: Mayan 2012.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 07/06/2011, 05:53
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Mayan 2012.
  June 6, 2011.
     This tells what the Mayan elders are saying in regards to the year 2012.
  .................................................................
  .................................................................
  http://lettertorobin1.site.aplus.net/id435.html
  SERI-Worldwide
  What the Mayan Elders are Saying About 2012 by Carlos Barrios Carlos
  Barrios, Mayan elder and Ajq'ij (is a ceremonial priest and s-iritual guide)
  of
  the Eagle Clan. Carlos initiated an investigation into the different Mayan
  calendars circulating. Carlos along with his brother Gerardo studied with
  many
  teachers and interviewed nearly 600 traditional Mayan elders to widen their
  scope of knowledge.
  Carlos found out quickly there were several conflicting interpretations of
  Mayan hieroglyphs, petroglyphs, Sacred Books of 'Chilam Balam' and various
  ancient text. Carlos found some strong words for those who may have
  contributed to the confusion: Carlos Barrios: "Anthropologists visit the
  temple
  sites and read the inscriptions and make up stories about the Maya, but they
  do not read the signs correctly. It's just their imagination. Other people
  write
  about prophecy in the name of the Maya. They say that the world will end in
  December 2012. The Mayan elders are angry with this. The world will not end.
  It will be transformed." "We are no longer in the World of the Fourth Sun,
  but
  we are not yet in the World of the Fifth Sun. This is the time in-between,
  the
  time of transition. As we pass through transition there is a colossal,
  global
  convergence of environmental destruction, social chaos, w-r, and ongoing
  Earth Changes."
  He continues: "Humanity will continue, but in a different way. Material
  structures will change. From this we will have the opportunity to be more
  human. We are living in the most important era of the Mayan calendars and
  prophecies. All the prophecies of the world, all the traditions are
  converging now. There is no time for games. The sp-ritual ideal of this era
  is action."
  Carlos tells us: "The indigenous have the calendars and know how to
  accurately
  interpret it -- not others. The Mayan Calendars comprehension of time,
  seasons,
  and cycles has proven itself to be vast and sophisticated. The Maya
  understand
  17 different calendars such as the Tzolk'in or Cholq'ij, some of them
  charting
  time accurately over a span of more than ten million years."All was
  predicted
  by the mathematical cycles of the Mayan calendars. -- It will change --
  everything will change. Mayan Day-keepers view the Dec. 21, 2012 date
  as a rebirth, the start of the World of the Fifth Sun. It will be the start
  of a
  new era resulting from and signified by the solar meridian crossing the
  galactic
  equator and the Earth aligning itself with the center of the galaxy."
  At sunrise on December 21, 2012 for the first time in 26,000 years the Sun
  rises to
  conjunct the intersection of the Milky Way and the plane of the ecliptic.
  This
  cosmic cross is considered to be an embodiment of the Sacred Tree, The Tree
  of
  Life, a tree remembered in all the world's spiritual traditions.
  Some observers say this alignment with the heart of the galaxy in 2012 will
  open a
  c-annel for cosmic energy to flow through the Earth, cleansing it and all


20110607-Mayan 2012.-657.html[12/03/2022 10:27:36]
Mayan 2012.

  that
  dwells upon it, raising all to a higher level of vibration. Carlos reminds
  us:
  "This process has already begun. Change is accelerating now and it will
  continue
  to accelerate.
  If the people of the Earth can get to this 2012 date in good shape without
  having destroyed too much of the Earth, we will rise to a new, higher level.
  But to get there we must transform enormously powerful forces that seek to
  block the way."
  The date specified in the calendar Winter Solstice in the year 2012 does not
  mark the end of the world. Many outside people writing about the Mayan
  calendar sensationalize this date, but they do not know. The ones who know
  are the indigenous elders who are entrusted with keeping the tradition.
  Carlos tells us: "The economy now is a fiction. The first five-year stretch
  of
  transition from August 1987 to August 1992 was the beginning of the
  destruction
  of the material world. We have progressed ten years deeper into the
  transition
  phase by now, and many of the so-called sources of financial stability are
  in
  fact hollow. The banks are weak. This is a delicate moment for them. They
  could
  crash globally, if we don't pay attention. Now, people are paying
  attention."
  The North and South Poles are both breaking up. The level of the water in
  the
  oceans is going to rise. But at the same time land in the ocean, especially
  near
  Cuba, is also going to rise. Carlos tells a story about the most recent
  Mayan
  New Year ceremonies in Guatemala. He said that one respected Mam elder,
  who lives all year in a solitary mountain cave, journeyed to
  Chichicastenango
  to speak with the people at the ceremony. The elder delivered a simple,
  direct
  message. He called for human beings to come together in support of life and
  light.
  "Right now each person and group is going his or her own way. The elder of
  the mountains said there is hope if the people of the light can come
  together
  and unite in some way. We live in a world of polarity -- day and night, man
  and
  woman, positive and negative. Light and darkness need each other. They are a
  balance." "Just now the dark side is very strong, and very clear about what
  they want. They have their vision and their priorities clearly held, and
  also
  their hierarchy. They are working in many ways so that we will be unable
  to connect with the spiral Fifth World in 2012."
  "On the light side everyone thinks they are the most important, that their
  own
  understandings, or their group's understandings, are the key. There's a
  diversity of cultures and opinions, so there is competition, diffusion, and
  no
  single focus." Carlos believes the dark side works to block unity through
  denial and materialism. It also works to destroy those who are working with
  the light to get the Earth to a higher level. They like the energy of the
  old, declining Fourth World, the materialism. They do not want it to
  change. They do not want unity. They want to stay at this level, and are
  afraid of the next level.
  The dark power of the declining Fourth World cannot be destroyed or
  overpowered.
  It's too strong and clear for that, and that is the wrong strategy. The dark
  can only be transformed when confronted with simplicity and
  open-heartedness. This is what leads to unity, a key concept for the
  World of the Fifth Sun.
  Carlos said the emerging era of the Fifth Sun will call attention to a
  much-overlooked element. Whereas the four traditional elements of
  Earth, Air, Fire and Water have dominated various epochs in the past,
  there will be a fifth element to reckon with in the time of the Fifth
  Sun ---
  that element is 'ETHER'.
  The dictionary defines Ether as a "hypothetical substance supposed to
  occupy all space, postulated to account for the propagation of
  electromagnetic radiation through space." Perhaps it could be defined
  as the "space between space". I would suggest it could be manifest as
  the alignment of charged particles from our solar system (Sun), and
  our galaxy (Milky Way) surge. The Ether element represents spi-itual
  energy.


20110607-Mayan 2012.-657.html[12/03/2022 10:27:36]
Mayan 2012.

  "The element of the Fifth Sun is celestial. Within the context of Ether
  there can be a joining of the polarities. No more darkness or light in
  the people, but an uplifted unity. But right now the realm of darkness
  is not interested in this.
  They are organized to block it. They seek to unbalance the Earth and its
  environment so we will be unready for the alignment in 2012."
  "We need to work together for peace, and balance with the other side.
  We need to take care of the Earth that feeds and shelters us. We need
  to put our entire mind and heart into pursuing unity and unity now, to
  confront the other side and preserve life." "We are disturbed -- we can't
  play anymore. Our planet can be renewed or ravaged.
  Now is the time to awaken and take action. Everyone is needed. You
  are not here for no reason. Everyone who is here now has an important
  purpose. This is a hard but a special time. We have the opportunity for
  growth, but we must be ready for this moment in history."
  Carlos says: "The prophesied changes are going to happen, but our
  attitude and actions determine how harsh or mild they are. We need to
  act, to make changes, and to elect people to represent us who understand
  and who will take p-litical action to respect the Earth."
  "Meditation and spirit-al practice are good, but also action. It's very
  important to be clear about who you are, and also about your relation
  to the Earth. Develop yourself according to your own tradition and the
  call of your heart. But remember to respect differences, and strive for
  unity. Eat wisely --- a lot of food is corrupt in either subtle or gross
  ways.
  Pay attention to what you are taking into your body. Learn to preserve
  food, and to conserve energy. Learn some good breathing techniques,
  so you have mastery of your breath. Be clear.
  Follow a tradition with great roots. It is not important what tradition,
  your
  heart will tell you, but it must have great roots."
  "We live in a world of energy. An important task at this time is to learn
  to sense or see the energy of everyone and everything -- people, plants,
  animals. This becomes increasingly important as we draw close to the
  World of the Fifth Sun, for it is associated with the element 'ether' -- the
  realm where energy lives and weaves. Go to the sa-red places of the Earth
  to p-ay for peace, and have respect for the Earth which gives us our food,
  clothing, and shelter. We need to reactivate the energy of these sac-ed
  places. That is our work."
  "One simple but effective p-ayer technique is to light white or baby-blue
  colored candles. Think of a moment in peace. Speak your intention to the
  flame and send the light of it on to the leaders who have the power to
  make wa- or peace."
  Carlos reminds us this is a crucially important moment for humanity and
  for Earth. Each person is important.
  He said the elders have opened the doors so that other rac-s can come to
  the Mayan world to receive the tradition. "The Maya have long appreciated
  and respected that there are other colors, other r-ces, and other sp-ritual
  systems. They know that the destiny of the Mayan world is related to the
  destiny of the whole world."
  "The greatest wisdom is in simplicity. Love, respect, tolerance, sharing,
  gratitude, forgiveness. It's not complex or elaborate. The real knowledge
  is free. It's encoded in your DNA. All you need is within you. Great
  teachers
  have said that from the beginning. Find your heart, and you will find your
  way."
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110607-Mayan 2012.-657.html[12/03/2022 10:27:36]
