{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:30:54Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32039, "source_ctime_ns": 1790675545116733178, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110731-Planet-Of-The-Apes.-Part-2.-772-0b74beff47.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790675545034828588, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110731-Planet-Of-The-Apes.-Part-2.-772-0b74beff47.pdf", "source_sha256": "df16ed270869096eab3ad6b2ca2d40c25e753a3a36369cf41e57bf13d6b7e325"}

Planet Of The Apes. Part 2.


  Subject: Planet Of The Apes. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 31/07/2011, 06:23
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Planet Of The Apes.                  Part 2.
  July 30, 2011.
    This talks about some people going into the past and seeing things as they
  were then.
  ..................................................................
  ..................................................................
  In the past, however, there have indeed been experiments that
  have sought to create human ape hybrids. In fact, this article
  from the Gralien archives relates a history of humanzee hybrids
  and their alleged appearances throughout history. Note in
  particular the research of Ilya I-anov in the 1920s and 30s
  under Stalin, who had allegedly told Iv-nov to create "a new
  invincible human being, insensitive to pain, resistant and
  indifferent about the quality of food they eat." The curiosity
  of proposed Humanzees isn't anything that still eludes us today,
  especially in scientific circles. Even a recent article in Wired
  Magazine dealt with the controversial proposition of inter-
  species breeding between humans and apes, which might help
  scientists to understand neoteny, which essentially deals with
  the supposition that some juvenile traits may be maintained by
  adults of certain species (humans especially).
  Despite what we might hope to learn, are there more potential
  downfalls to engaging in this variety of research? Do the
  ethical implications of cross-breeding humans and chimpanzees
  outweigh (or essentially render useless) the argument that
  mankind could benefit from studying hybridization of our own
  species? On the other hand, what if our ethical concerns arise
  more from the science fiction influence provided by (oh here we
  go with the Planet of the Apes analogies) films that depict
  human-like animal hybrids as a danger to humanity?
  Source: The Gralien Report
  http://gralienreport.com/cryptozoology/manimals-on-our-minds-
  genetic-testing-with-hybrid-humans/#more-1715
  - TIME SLIPS DEPARTMENT -
  When Three British Boys Traveled to Medieval England (Or Did
  They?)
  Looking back, the really strange thing was the silence. The way
  the ch-rch bells stopped ringing as the little group of naval
  cadets neared the village. The way even the ducks stood quiet
  and motionless by the shallow stream that ran across the road
  where the main street began.
  And, when the boys thought about it afterward, they recalled
  that even the autumn birdsong faded as they neared the first
  houses. The wind had dropped to nothing, too.
  Not a leaf stirred on the trees they passed. And the trees
  appeared to cast no shadows.
  The street itself was quite deserted-not so odd, perhaps, for a
  Sunday morning in 1957, especially in the rural heart of
  England. But even the remotest British hamlets displayed some
  signs of modernity by then-cars parked by the roadside, phone
  wires strung along the roads, aerials on roofs-and there was
  nothing of that sort in this village. In fact, the houses on the
  high street all looked ancient; they were ragged, hand-built,
  timber-framed: "almost medieval in appearance," one boy thought.
  The three, all Royal N-vy cadets, walked up to the nearest
  building and pressed their faces to its grimy windows. They
  could see that it was some sort of butcher's shop, but what they
  glimpsed in the interior was even more unsettling. As one of
  them recalled for the author Andrew M-cKenzie:


20110731-Planet Of The Apes. Part 2.-772.html[12/03/2022 10:28:03]
Planet Of The Apes. Part 2.

  There were no tables or counters, just two or three whole
  oxen carcasses which had been skinned and in places were quite
  green with age. There was a green-painted door and windows with
  smallish glass panes, one at the front and one at the side,
  rather dirty-looking. I remember that as we three looked through
  that window in disbelief at the green and mouldy green
  carcasses the general feeling certainly was one of disbelief
  and unreality Who would believe that in 1957 that the health
  authorities would allow such conditions?
  They peered into another house. It, too, had greenish, smeary
  windows. And it, too, appeared uninhabited. The walls had been
  crudely whitewashed, but the rooms were empty; the boys could
  see no possessions, no furniture, and they thought the rooms
  themselves appeared to be "not of modern day quality." Spooked
  now, the cadets turned back and hurried out of the strange
  village. The track climbed a small hill, and they did not turn
  back until they had reached the top. Then, one of the three
  remembered, "suddenly we could hear the bells once more and saw
  the smoke rising from chimneys, [though] none of the chimneys
  was smoking when we were in the village We ran for a few
  hundred yards as if to shake off the weird feeling." [Ma-Kenzie
  pp.6-9]
  What happened to those three boys on that October morning more
  than 50 years ago remains something of a mystery. They were
  taking part in a map-reading exercise that ought to have been
  straightforward; the idea was to navigate their way across four
  or five miles of countryside to a designated point, then return
  to base and report what they had seen-which, if all went well,
  should have been the picturesque Suffolk village of Kersey. But
  the more they thought about it, the more the cadets wondered
  whether something very strange had occurred to them. Years
  later, William Lain-, the Scottish boy who led the group, put it
  this way: "It was a ghost village, so to speak. It was almost as
  if we had walked back in time. I experienced an overwhelming
  feeling of sadness and depression in Kersey, but also a feeling
  of unfriendliness and unseen watchers which sent shivers up
  one's back. I wondered if we'd knocked at a door to ask a
  question who might have answered it? It doesn't bear thinking
  about."
  Lai-g, who came from Perthshire in the Highlands of Scotland,
  was a stranger to this part of the east of England. So were his
  friends Michael C-owley (from Worcestershire) and Ray B-ker (a
  Cockney). That was the point. All three were 15 years old, and
  had only recently signed up to join the Royal Na-y. That made it
  easy for the petty officers in charge of their training to
  confirm that they had reached the village they were supposed to
  find just by checking their descriptions. As it was, their
  superiors, L-ing recalled, were "rather skeptical" when they
  told them of their odd experience, but they "laughed it off and
  agreed that we'd seen Kersey all right." [MacK-nzie pp.8-9]
  There the matter rested until the late 1980s, when Lai-g and
  Cr-wley, by then both living in Australia, talked by phone and
  chewed over the incident. L-ing had always been troubled by it;
  Crow-ey, it emerged, did not remember it in as much detail as
  his old friend, but he did think that something strange had
  happened, and he recalled the silence, the lack of aerials and
  streetlights, and the bizarre butcher's shop. That was enough to
  prompt La-ng to write to the author of a book he'd read-Andrew
  MacKen-ie, a leading member of the Society for P-ychical Research.
  MacKenzi- was intrigued by Bill -aing's letter and recognized
  that it might describe a case of retrocognition-the SPR term for
  what we would call a "timeslip" case. Looking at the details, he
  thought it was possible that the three cadets had seen Kersey
  not as it was in 1957, but as it had been centuries earlier. A
  long correspondence (he and L-ing exchanged letters for two
  years) and a foray into local libraries with the help of an
  historian from Kersey helped to confirm that view. In 1990,
  Lain- flew to England, and the two men walked through the
  village, reliving the experience.
  What makes this case particularly interesting is that
  retrocognition is probably the rarest reported of ps-chical
  phenomena. There have only ever been a handful cases, of which
  by far the most famous remains the "Versailles incident" of
  1901. On that occasion, two highly educated British women-the
  principal and vice principal of St Hugh's C-llege, Oxford-were


20110731-Planet Of The Apes. Part 2.-772.html[12/03/2022 10:28:03]
Planet Of The Apes. Part 2.

  wandering through the grounds of the Palace of Versailles,
  outside Paris, when they had a series of experiences that later
  convinced them they had seen the gardens as they were before the
  French R-volution. Detailed research suggested that one of the
  figures they encountered might have been Marie Antoinette, Louis
  XVI's wife, the queen of France.
  MacK-nzie's research into the Kersey incident led him to very
  similar conclusions, and he featured it as the lead case in a
  book he published on retrocognition, Adventures in Time (1997).
  Several factors led him to conclude that the cadets' experience
  had been genuine: the obvious sincerity of La-ng and his friend
  Crowl-y (Ray Bak-r was also traced, but turned out to remember
  nothing of the experience); the detail of their recollections,
  and a few persuasive discoveries. Among the details that
  impressed Mac-enzie most was the realization that the house that
  La-ng had identified as a butcher's shop-which was a private
  residence in 1957, and remained one when Kersey was revisited in
  1990-dated to about 1350 and actually had been a butcher's shop
  at least as early as 1790. The author was also struck by the
  suggestive fact that the season seemed to change as the cadets
  entered the village (inside Kersey, Lain- recalled, "it was
  verdant and the trees were that magnificent green color one
  finds in spring or early summer"). Then there was the puzzle of
  the village chu-ch; La-ng noted that the party had not seen it
  after they descended into the village and the pall of silence
  fell. Indeed, he explicitly recalled that "there was no sign of
  a c-urch. I would certainly have seen it as I had a field of
  observation of 360 degrees," and Cro-ley likewise recalled "no
  chur-h or pub." [MacKenzie pp. 4, 6, 11]   All of which seemed
  hard to explain, since St. Ma-y's, Kersey, dates to the 14th
  century and is the principal landmark in the district, readily
  visible to anybody passing along the main street. MacKenzie,
  basing his case on the history of St Mary's, interpreted this
  anomaly as evidence to help pinpoint the likely date on which
  Laing and his companions "visited" the village.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110731-Planet Of The Apes. Part 2.-772.html[12/03/2022 10:28:03]
