{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:30:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31232, "source_ctime_ns": 1790683789763640101, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111116-Michael-Moore.-973-1359eea684.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790683789761905517, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20111116-Michael-Moore.-973-1359eea684.pdf", "source_sha256": "ea575c54917cc4f5cd2b2dd020a52cff11bc2b4f6e1fc54f129783c57c6ba6b2"}

Michael Moore.


  Subject: Michael Moore.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 16/11/2011, 23:55
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Michael Moore.
  Nov. 16, 2011.
     This shows how Michael Moore thinks. I can't say that I agree with
  him completely but it's one way of looking at things.
  ........................................................
  ........................................................
  A voice from the fringes, but one I whole-heartedly support.
  J-nis
  From: Michael Moore
  maillist@michaelmoore.com
  Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2011
  Friends,
  Twenty-two years ago this coming Tuesday, I stood with a group
  of factory workers, students and the unemployed in the middle
  of the downtown of my birthplace, Flint, Michigan, to announce
  that the Hollywood studio, Warner Bros., had purchased the
  world rights to distribute my first movie, 'Roger & Me.' A
  reporter asked me, "How much did you sell it for?"
  "Three million dollars!" I proudly exclaimed. A cheer went up from
  the union guys surrounding me. It was absolutely unheard of for
  one of us in the working class of Flint (or anywhere) to receive
  such a sum of money unless one of us had either robbed a bank
  or, by luck, won the Michigan lottery. On that sunny November
  day in 1989, it was like I had won the lottery -- and the people I
  had lived and struggled with in Michigan were thrilled with my
  success. It was like, one of us had made it, one of us finally had
  good fortune smile upon us. The day was filled with high-fives and
  "Way-ta-go Mike!"s. When you are from the working class you root
  for each other, and when one of you does well, the others are
  beaming with pride -- not just for that one person's success, but
  for the fact that the team had somehow won, beating the system
  that was brutal and unforgiving and which ran a game that was
  rigged against us. We knew the rules, and those rules said that we
  factory town rats do not get to make movies or be on TV talk shows
  or have our voice heard on any national stage. We were to shut
  up, keep our heads down, and get back to work. If by some miracle
  one of us escaped and commandeered a mass audience and some
  loot to boot -- well, holy mother of G-d, watch out! A bully pulpit
  and enough cash to raise a ruckus -- that was, an incendiary
  combination, and it only spelled trouble for those at the top.
  Until that point I had been barely getting by on unemployment,
  collecting $-- a week. Welfare. The dole. My car had died back in
  April so I had gone seven months with no vehicle. Friends would
  take me out to dinner, always coming up with an excuse to
  celebrate or commemorate something and then picking up the
  check so I would not have to feel the shame of not being able to
  afford it.
  And now, all of a sudden, I had three million bucks! What would
  I do with it? There were men in suits making many suggestions
  to me, and I could see how those without a strong moral sense
  of social responsibility could be easily lead down the "ME" path
  and quickly forget about the "WE."
  So I made some easy decisions back in 1989:
  1. I would first pay all my taxes. I told the guy who did my
  1040 not to declare any deductions other than the mortgage
  and to pay the full federal, state and city tax rate. I proudly
  contributed nearly 1 million dollars for the privilege of being
  a citizen of this great country.
  2. Of the remaining $2 million, I decided to divide it up the


20111116-Michael Moore.-973.html[12/03/2022 10:29:47]
Michael Moore.

  way I once heard the folksinger/activist Harry Chapin tell
  me how he lived: "One for me, one for the other guy." So I
  took half the money -- $1 million -- and established a
  foundation to give it all away.
  3. The remaining million went like this: I paid off all my
  debts, paid off the debts of some friends and family members,
  bought my parents a new refrigerator, set up college
  funds for our nieces and nephews, helped rebuild a b-ack
  c-urch that had been burned down in Flint, gave out a
  thousand turkeys at Thanksgiving, bought filmmaking
  equipment to send to the Vietnamese (my own personal
  reparations for a country we had ravaged), annually bought
  10,000 toys to give to Toys for Tots at Christmas, got myself
  a new American-made Honda, and took out a mortgage on
  an apartment above a Baby Gap in New York City.
  4. What remained went into a simple, low-interest savings
  account. I made the decision that I would never buy a share
  of stock (I didn't understand the casino known as the New
  York Stock Exchange and I did not believe in investing in a
  system I did not agree with).
  5. Finally, I believed the concept of making money off your
  money had created a greedy, lazy class who didn't produce
  any product, just misery and fear among the populace. They
  invented ways to buy out companies and then shut them
  down. They dreamed up schemes to play with people's
  pension funds as if it were their own money. They demanded
  companies keep posting record profits (which was
  accomplished by firing thousands and eliminating health
  benefits for those who remained). I made the decision that if
  I was going to earn a living, it would be done from my own
  sweat and ideas and creativity.
  I would produce something tangible, something others could
  own or be entertained by or learn from. My work would create
  employment for others, good employment with middle class
  wages and full health benefits.
  I went on to make more movies, produce TV series and write
  books. I never started a project with the thought, "I wonder
  how much money I can make at this?" And by never letting
  money be the motivating force for anything, I simply did exactly
  what I wanted to do. That attitude kept the work honest and
  unflinching -- and that, in turn I believe, resulted in millions of
  people buying tickets to these films, tuning in to my TV shows,
  and buying my books.
  Which is exactly what has driven the Right crazy when it comes
  to me. How did someone from the left get such a wide
  mainstream audience?! This just isn't supposed to happen (Noam
  Chomsky, sadly, will not be booked on The View today, and
  Howard Zinn, shockingly, didn't make the New York Times
  bestseller list until after he d-ed). That's how the media machine
  is rigged -- you are not supposed to hear from those who would
  completely change the system to something much better. Only
  wimpy liberals who urge caution and compromise and mild
  reforms get to have their say on the op-ed pages or Sunday
  morning chat shows.
  Somehow, I found a crack through the wall and made it through. I
  feel very blessed that I have this life -- and I take none of it for
  granted. I believe in the lessons I was taught back in C-tholic
  school -- that if you end up doing well, you have an even greater
  responsibility to those who don't fare the same. "The last shall
  be first and the first shall be last."
  Kinda commie, I know, but the idea was that the human family
  was supposed to divide up the earth's riches in a fair manner so
  that all of Go-'s children would have a life with less suffering.
  I do very well -- and for a documentary filmmaker, I do extremely
  well.
  That, too, drives conservatives bonkers. "You're rich because of
  capitalism!" they scream at me. Um, no. Didn't you take Econ
  101? Capitalism is a system, a pyramid scheme of sorts, that
  exploits the vast majority so that the few at the top can enrich
  themselves more. I make my money the old school, honest way
  by making things. Some years I earn a boatload of cash. Other
  years, like last year, I don't have a job (no movie, no book) and
  so I make a lot less. "How can you claim to be for the poor
  when you are the opposite of poor?!" It's like asking: "You've


20111116-Michael Moore.-973.html[12/03/2022 10:29:47]
Michael Moore.

  never had s-x with another man -- how can you be for gay
  marriage?!" I guess the same way that an all-male C-ngress
  voted to give women the vote, or scores of wh-te people
  marched with Martin Luther Ling, Jr. (I can hear these
  righties yelling back through history: "Hey! You're not bl-ck!
  You're not being lynched! Why are you with the blac-s?!"). It
  is precisely this disconnect that prevents Republicans from
  understanding why anyone would give of their time or money
  to help out those less fortunate. It is simply something their
  brain cannot process. "Kanye West makes millions! What's he
  doing at Occupy Wall Street?!" Exactly -- he's down there
  demanding that his taxes be raised.
  That, to a right-winger, is the definition of insanity. To everyone
  else, we are grateful that people like him stand up, even if
  and especially because it is against his own personal financial
  interest. It is specifically what that B-ble those conservatives
  wave around demands of those who are well off.
  Back on that November day in 1989 when I sold my first film,
  a good friend of mine said this to me: "They have made a huge
  mistake giving someone like you a big check. This will make
  you a very dangerous man. And it proves that old saying right:
  'The capitalist will sell you the rope to hang himself with if he
  thinks he can make a buck off it.'"
  Yours,
  Michael Moore
  MMFlint@MichaelMoore.com
  @MMFlint
  MichaelMoore.com
  P.S. I will go to Oakland tomorrow afternoon to stand with
  Occupy Oakland against the out-of-control police.
  Join Mike's Mailing List | Follow Mike on Twitter | Join Mike's
  Facebook Group
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20111116-Michael Moore.-973.html[12/03/2022 10:29:47]
