{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T21:02:32Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32562, "source_ctime_ns": 1790729993603344090, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110730-Planet-Of-The-Apes.-771-36e8206685.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790729993572096416, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110730-Planet-Of-The-Apes.-771-36e8206685.pdf", "source_sha256": "83ba9aedd7e64e43d04925b4580ac17b3417f791983d5c11488d3a4f1c2e4297"}

Planet Of The Apes.


  Subject: Planet Of The Apes.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 30/07/2011, 22:16
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Planet Of The Apes.
  July 30, 2011.
   There is going to be a new movie coming out about apes and humans on this
  Earth. I've seen all the pasted ones and enjoyed them very much. I like
  Charlton Heston in all of his movies but then he has now passed away.
  I can remember how he could use his voice to read the King James Version
  of the B-ble. I later investigated the man in Berekley, Calif. who claimed
  to
  be the present i-carnation of King James. His name was Allan Neunan. He
  was called by some people The Cosmic-End-Time-Massiah. He had been a
  teacher and professor at Berekley, University but had quite his job or got
  kicked out of his job, left his wife and married a young lady. I met his
  son
  on the sides of Mt. Tamilpias and he was a very wild young man. Allan and
  all his former people who wrote the King James Version of the bible were
  with one night waiting to walk up a ladder into a space ship. After that
  time Allan was thrown in jail for a while and I didn't hear much from him
  any
  more.
      Here is some information about some experimentation that has been going
  on using apes.
  ...................................................................
  ...................................................................
  * C-nspiracy Journal *
  7/29/11 #630
  http://www.conspiracyjournal.com
  Subscribe for free at our subscription page:
  http://www.members.tripod.com/uforeview/subscribe.html
  You can view this newsletter online at:
  http://uforeview.tripod.com/conspiracyjournal630.html
  We are back from our summer break and once again your e-mail
  box is host to the worlds greatest free newsletter of the weird,
  wild, and wonderful. Yes, that's right, Co-spiracy Journal is
  here once again to bring to you all of the strange stuff that
  you won't find in your daily newspaper or see on your local 6
  o'clock news.
  This week, Con-piracy Journal takes a look at such skin-peeling
  stories as:
  - Human-Animal Hybrids Grown in UK Labs -
  - When Three British Boys Traveled to Medieval England -
  - Dragons in Spain -
  - Ghostly Presence in North Norfolk C-urch -
  AND: 'Ningen' Humanoid Sea Creatures of the Antarctic
  All these exciting stories and MORE in this week's issue of
  CON-PIRACY JOURNAL!
  ~ And Now, On With The Show! ~
  NEW FROM CONS-IRACY JOURNAL
  Alien Space G-ds Of Ancient Greece And Rome - R-velations Of
  The Oracle Of Delphi
  WAS THE MEDITERRANEAN REGION OF OUR PLANET VISITED BY A RACE OF
  "SUPER BEINGS" IN ANCIENT TIMES?
  WAS THE ORACLE OF DELPHI A CONDUIT FOR PROPHETIC MESSAGES FROM
  OUTER SPACE -- PERHAPS THE FIRST T-LEPATHIC C-ANNELER?
  British historian W. Raymond Drake is one of the most careful
  researchers of the "Ancient Astronaut" theory which maintains
  aliens arrived on earth and interacted with the human r--ce
  throughout antiquity and in all parts of the globe. Author of a
  dozen works on the Space Go-s phenomenon, Drake's work


20110730-Planet Of The Apes.-771.html[12/03/2022 10:28:03]
Planet Of The Apes.

  complements that of Chariots of the -ods? by Erich Von D-niken,
  his first book appearing in print prior to Von Da-iken's
  international bestseller.
  In this work about the ancient Mediterranean's strange
  relationship with the Sky G-ds, Drake utilized over fifty
  writers of antiquity and scrutinized their main works through a
  UFO "lens." His astute contributions regarding the Land of the
  Go-s have been expanded upon and updated by contemporary
  researchers Timothy B-ckley and Sean C-steel.
  Questions That You Will Find Answered. . .
  Did giants from space establish a UFO base atop the picturesque
  Mount Olympus?
  Were they the g-ds and go-desses of "Mythology" idolized and
  given names such as Apollo, Hades, Athena, Hermes, Zeus, Artemis
  and Hestia?
  Did the powerful deities of Greece help save Athens from being
  invaded by the mighty armies of Atlantis in 10,000 BC?
  Is there reason to believe that the Greeks and Trojans were
  inspired to fight for the beauteous Helen, surely a space queen?
  Do the great plays and sublime philosophies of the supreme
  thinkers of the ages show a reverence for the g-ds' who
  intervened at Marathron and Salamis, sending flying shields to
  aid Alexander storming the walls of Tyre?
  Did a UFO encountered near Troy save the army of Lucullus from
  destruction?
  Were omens observed in the sky just before the m-rder of Caesar?
  How does one explain the manifestation of mysterious voices and
  apparitions in the h-avens as Hannibal ravaged Italy?
  In a marvelous update, recent activities, including encounters
  with humanoids and men in b-ack-like individuals, are taken into
  consideration offering proof that the ancient aliens of
  antiquity are returning to their original haunts and are
  guaranteed to make open contact soon!
  24-hour hotline: 732-602-3407
  Global Communications
  P.O. Box 753
  New Brunswick, NJ 08903
  NEW - CON-PIRACY JOURNAL/BIZARRE BAZAAR CATALOG
  The NEW Conspiracy Journal/Bizarre Bazaar Catalog is now ONLINE!
  Promoting Free Speech and Individuality - Opposing Orthodoxy,
  The Establishment, Death and T-xes!
  INSIDE THIS ISSUE: Strange, Amazing, Rare, and Exotic Items
  from Worldwide Sources.
  This PDF file is available FREE to read online or to download.
  Take this link to check out the weirdest catalog in the galaxy!
  http://uforeview.tripod.com/cj-34_final.pdf
  - RETURN TO THE ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU DEPARTMENT -
  Human-Animal Hybrids Grown in UK Labs
  Scientists have created more than 150 human-animal hybrid
  embryos in British laboratories.
  The hybrids have been produced s-cretively over the past three
  years by researchers looking into possible cures for a wide
  range of d-seases.
  The revelation comes just a day after a committee of scientists
  warned of a nightmare 'Planet of the Apes' scenario in which
  work on human-animal creations goes too far.


20110730-Planet Of The Apes.-771.html[12/03/2022 10:28:03]
Planet Of The Apes.

  Figures show that 155 'admixed' embryos, containing both human
  and animal genetic material, have been created since the
  introduction of the 2008 Human Fertilisation Embryology Act.
  This legalised the creation of a variety of hybrids, including
  an animal egg fertilised by a human sperm; 'cybrids', in which a
  human nucleus is implanted into an animal cell; and 'chimeras',
  in which human cells are mixed with animal embryos.
  Scientists say the techniques can be used to develop embryonic
  stem cells which can be used to treat a range of incurable
  il-nesses.
  Three labs in the UK - at King's -ollege London, Newcastle
  Univ-rsity and Warwic- University - were granted licences to
  carry out the research after the Act came into force.
  All have now stopped creating hybrid embryos due to a lack of
  funding, but scientists believe that there will be more such
  work in the future.
  Professor Robin Lovell-B-dge, from the Medical Research
  Council' s National In-titute for Medical Research, said the
  scientists were not concerned about human-animal hybrid embryos
  because by law these have to be destroyed within 14 days.
  He said: 'The reason for doing these experiments is to
  understand more about early human development and come up with
  ways of curing serious dise-ses, and as a scientist I feel there
  is a moral imperative to pursue this research.
  'As long as we have sufficient controls - as we do in this
  country - we should be proud of the research.'
  However, he called for stricter controls on another type of
  embryo research, in which animal embryos are implanted with a
  small amount of human genetic material.
  Human-animal hybrids are also created in other countries, many
  of which have little or no regulation.
  Source: The Daily Mail
  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2017818/Embryos-
  involving-genes-animals-mixed-humans-produced-secretively-past-
  years.html#ixzz1SxpQg9vV
  - ON A RELATED NOTE DEPARTMENT -
  Manimals On Our Minds: Genetic Testing With Hybrid Humans?
  By Micah Ha-ks
  The so-called "humanzee" (sometimes also called a "chuman")
  refers to the hypothetical offspring between a human and a
  chimpanzee. Though our two species are similar enough, in
  theory, to result in successful hybridization, such an
  experiment has never actually taken place, primarily for ethical
  reasons. After all, if a being is created that further adds to
  the blurring between the proverbial lines of human and animal,
  how should that creature be treated? What if an accident were to
  occur as a result of mishandling, or if the "manimal" were to
  behave in wild and erratic ways that could be dangerous to
  others? Conversely, what if the individual were intelligent
  enough to exist within society; having only one human "parent",
  what rights and laws would be applicable to this individual?
  Indeed, there are a number of questions and those are only a
  few pertaining to hybridization between humans and our closest
  living relatives in the animal kingdom. However, there are many
  other possibilities considering the vast array of fauna
  available on Earth, and previous tests in China and elsewhere
  involving combining of human stem cells with those of goats, as
  well as recent propositions that might allow integration of
  human brain cells into mice, are again raising the red flags of
  ethical outcry.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20110730-Planet Of The Apes.-771.html[12/03/2022 10:28:03]
