{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T04:35:12Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33611, "source_ctime_ns": 1790730415873136438, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110528-More-Extraterrestrials.-Part-2.-634.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790730415831735733, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110528-More-Extraterrestrials.-Part-2.-634.pdf", "source_sha256": "5ec679974ea16d41bab1664e39aedf571c12d5bd91df0705e3ccc22b494d62da"}

More Extraterrestrials. Part 2.


   Subject: More Extraterrestrials. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 28/05/2011, 22:14
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: More Extraterrestrials.                    Part 2.                      May
   28, 2011.
     I will now start pointing out some of these space people who I have
   read about or with which I have had experiences.
   ..............................................................
   ..............................................................
                                                                         MARTIANS
   (JW A nice person from Mars is called Monka. He transmites information
   to Earth people that were in a group called The Solar Cross, started by
   Richard Miller, a teacher and friend of Govenor Jerry B-own. Monka is
   the representative of this Earth to the Galactic Federation until we are
   finally admitted to the G.F. later on, when we get out act together.)
   Inhabitants of the
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/esp_marte.htm
   planet Mars, both human and non-human, including the alleged inhabitants
   of the two Martian moons (which many believe to be artificially-hollowed
   asteroids, one of which -- Phobos -- is said to be under the control of the
   "original" Greys, or self-reproducing Greys which are the "hosts" for the
   Grey "clones" which operate from various space stations that are
   disguised as planetoids. (It is from these "carrier" ships that the
   abduction, implantation, programming, mutilation, infiltration and other
   projects are carried out against planet earth). It has also been
   suggested that thousands of years ago the surface of LUNA and Mars
   were much more habitable, that the surfaces of these bodies may have
   been decimated after passing through the asteroid belt or an asteroid
   storm (consisting of debris which may have been torn from a planet
   which apparently existed between Mars and Jupiter at one time --
   possibly destroyed by a close encounter with another planetary body in
   the tradition of
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/esp_autor_velikovsky.htm
   Velikovsky's theories). It is believed that ancient ruins, possibly
   thousands
   of years old, have been seen on both planets and that these attest to
   such a cataclysm.
   MIB'S
   (JW The MIBs are said to walk the streets of Deep Springs, Calif. It is
   near the Bristle Cone Pines National Forest where I have made it to before
   but I never made it over to Deep Springs. Some of the Reptoids can
   shape shift so they look like humans but if you take a picture of them
   with a camera they show up the way they really are. I'd love to
   sit on a bench and take pictures of everyone coming by and I might catch
   one of these reptoids going by.)
   ................
   Also referred to as the Men In B-ack or Horlocks. These are apparently
   in many cases humans who are controlled by draconian influences,
   although other MIB have been encountered which do not seem human,
   but more reptilian OR synthetic. The MIB have been encountered often
   after UFO sightings, usually intimidating witnesses into keeping silent
   about what they've seen (many of the witnesses may be abductees with
   suppressed memories of the event). Their threats appear to be motivated
   by attempts to utilize t-rrorism, fear or intimidation as a psychological
   w-apon against witnesses. This weapon may not only be used to keep
   the human MIB's under control, but by the human MIB's themselves.
   They are often, though not always, seen in connection with large, black
   automobiles, some of which have been seen disappearing into
   mountains -- as in the case of one basing area between Hopland and
   Lakeport, California -- canyons or tunnels or in some cases
   apparently appear out of or disappear (cloak?) into thin air.
   Most humanoid MIB have probably been implanted by the Draconians and
   are essentially their s-aves. Bio-synthetic forms possessed by infernals
   also seem to play a part in the MIB scenario, as do subterranean and
   exterran s-cieties.
   Sirius, at only 9+ light years away, has been identified as a major


20110528-More Extraterrestrials. Part 2.-634.html[12/03/2022 10:27:28]
More Extraterrestrials. Part 2.

   exterran MIB center of activity, with a subterran counterpart existing
   in ancient antediluvian Atlantean underground complexes which have
   been re-established beneath the Eastern U.S. seaboard.
   These could be considered Almost Humans. Made with animal tissue
   and depends on a computer to simulate memory. A memory the computer has
   withdrawn from another human being. The Almost Humans may also fall under
   the category of the zombie type aliens.
                                            MOON-EYES, THE
   A r-ce of peaceable humans some 7-8 ft. tall, with pale-blue skin and large
   wrap-around eyes which are extremely sensitive to light. They MAY be the
   same as the large humans allegedly encountered on the moon by our
   astronauts according to John L-ar and others, who in turn were silenced and
   not allowed to tell what they saw. These people may, according to some
   accounts, be allied to the Nordics and/or Blondes.
   They claim to be descendants of Noah who traveled to the Western
   Hemisphere a few centuries following the deluge and discovered
   ancient antediluvian cavern systems and ancient technologies which had
   been abandoned by the antediluvians in deep subterranean recesses.
   They have been encountered mostly in deep cavern-systems beneath the
   general region of the Ozarks-Arkansas and surrounding regions.
   The only real evidence we have on their existence is an early report of
   the Cherokee Indians telling of a
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/vida_alien/alien_watchers05.htm
   blue-skinned ra-e that they encountered.
                                                      MOTHMEN
   Largely subterranean, pterodactyloid-like hominoids with bat-like wings.
   Sometimes describes as
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/vida_alien/alien_watchers04.htm
   possessing horns and thus are considered very similar to the traditional
   depiction of the devil, according to certain individuals who have
   encountered them. Although often referred to as Mothmen, this title might
   be a little misleading. These creatures -- which have also been referred
   to as the Ciakars, Pteroids, Birdmen
   ...........
   (JW I once went on a paid tour with Robert Stanley into an land called
   Kala Mu which is near Malabu, Calif. and a lady on the tour said that she
   was communicating at that time with the bird people.
   They were invisible beings to me but they were still talking to her. During
   that particular time there was a science fiction show being aired on TV
   and one of the characters on the show was a birdman and he was called
   Hawk.)
   ............
   and Winged Draco -- have been encountered near underground systems
   near Mountauk Point, Long Island; Point Pleasant, West Virginia; and
   Dulce, New Mexico. (identical to the
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/sumer_anunnaki/esp_sumer_annunaki12a.htm
   Sumero-Babylonian, a demon of the KI GAL or underworld)
                                                        NAGAS
   Also referred to as the Reptoids, Reptiloids, Reptons, Homo-saurus,
   Lizard-men, or the Large Nosed Greys. They play a significant role in the
   legends of India and Tibet where they are considered by some to be
   demoniacal residents of a subterranean realm. They are described as
   being around 7-8 ft. tall and of various colors, grotesque, but most often
   moldy greenish with scaled crocodilian skin. Allegedly descended from a
   branch of bipedal sauroids which existed thousands of years ago on earth
   and via mutation and natural selection developed the brain-body
   coordination necessary to develop a technology.
   Some species still reportedly retain a visible tail although much
   atrophied from their supposedly extinct saurian ancestors. Some
   abductees claim that the "lizard" people resemble a humanoid version of
   a Velociraptor.
   After a reputed battle in ancient times between a "pre-Scandinavian" rac-
   from the Gobi region and a Reptiloid -ace based in Antarctica, the
   reptilians allegedly lost the battle for domination of the surface world
   and were driven into underground networks in which they eventually
   developed aerial and space technology.
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/sumer_anunnaki/reptiles/reptiles15.htm
   The Nagas are said to have appeared at the birth of Gautama Siddharta,
   who later became "B-ddha".
   The ancient "well" of Sheshna in Benares, India, is traditionally where the
   "YOGA APHORISMS OF PATANJALI, a classical guide to students of
   Yoga, was written." This "well" is said to be an entrance to one of the
   Naga's
   underworld lairs.


20110528-More Extraterrestrials. Part 2.-634.html[12/03/2022 10:27:28]
More Extraterrestrials. Part 2.

   Sherman M-nton states that "Sheshna;s well", an alleged opening into the
   underground reptilian underworld of "Patalas" [consisting of seven worlds
   or cavern levels], may be seen today in Benares, India, and, "...It
   has forty steps leading down into a circular depression to a stone
   door covered with cobras. This is said to lead to PATALA, the reptile
   netherworld legend of the Nagas, the "serpents" which live in
   extensive underground palaces in the rocky Himalayas. It is believed
   that these creatures are able to fly in space and that they possess
   amazing m-gical powers and intelligence.
   They are not too fond of man if he is a curiosity seeker, explorer or
   mountaineer. According to the sacred(?) tradition of the Hindus, the
   deep caverns of the Nagas contain fabulous treasures, illuminated by
   flashing precious stones. The subterranean abodes are known to
   be in certain parts of both the Himalayas and Tibet, particularly around the
   Lake of the Great Nagas - Lake Manosarowar."
                                                 NORDICS
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/esp_wingmakers.htm
   Wingmakers Blonde, Blue-Eyed, Angular Faces. Although Nordics are
   humanoid and externally almost identical to humans.
   Part 2.
   John Winston.                  johnfw@mlode.com


20110528-More Extraterrestrials. Part 2.-634.html[12/03/2022 10:27:28]
