{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:36:47Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30014, "source_ctime_ns": 1790684966992271586, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110401-The-Weather.-506.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790684966984298667, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110401-The-Weather.-506.pdf", "source_sha256": "2964bcf806728cb6e8fa76a5347eedfe4ebe2c689f7f061cedab9adabe72ec07"}

The Weather.


  Subject: The Weather.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 01/04/2011, 16:38
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Weather.
  April 1, 2011.

     This tells us what kind of weather we might be having this month.
  ..............................................
  ..............................................
  From: Ruth R-den
  Subject: [ruth_ryden_newsletter] Newsletter #103 from Ruth and the Masters
  of Light
                           NEWSLETTER #103 FROM RUTH AND THE MASTERS
  OF LIGHT
                          APRIL,     2011
                             April is not fooling us this year, and what has
  been happening to the world is certainly no joke. The ancient predictions
  of world-wide catastrophes are hitting the news as today's realities. The
  saying, You ain't seen nothing yet!, pops into my mind and I am not looking
  forward to what the Masters might have to say today.   Those of us who sit
  in relatively safe zones must know that we are here for a purpose and need
  to make our lives measure up to those purposes we originated for ourselves.
  We are all very tiny bits of universal energy, but every thought, every
  action,
  contributes to the whole. Who we are and what we do is part of the entire
  picture that is being painted of this planet. Sending our thoughts and
  p-ayers
  out to help strengthen those who are in such awful situations should be a
  priority, at sometime during our daily routines.
                             Funny thing happened to me. My lower dentures
  simply
  disappeared a few weeks ago and I spent most of that time searching.
  Finally gave up and had a new set made. Getting used to them now. First
  thing that was asked was, do you have a dog? I had never heard of a dog
  chewing up a denture now I have. Guess they look just like a bone. Sigh.
                            Masters, please comment on the earth changes now
  happening,
  Japan's tragedies, the threat of radiation from the Japanese nuclear
  fallout,
  heavy quakes around the world, Mid-east countries rising up against
  dictators,
  etc. What can we expect in April, world-wide?
         MASTERS: Your world has now entered a strategic time of change, as
  has
  been forecast for centuries. Only in the most primitive parts of the planet
  are
  there people who are completely unaware that life is changing and the world
  is
  undergoing the transition to a new lifespan. The horrors that have entered
  into
  the consciousness and lives of millions of people all over the world are no
  longer
  kept to their experience alone; they are part of the lives of all of you.
  The
  Japanese n-clear plants have opened the reality of radiation poisoning, not
  only
  for their islands, but for many parts of the world. A-omic energy can give
  the
  world all the energy it needs, but containing and using it properly has
  still not been engineered to the point of real safety. It is with great
  sorrow to see this country
  being p-isoned for many years to come and a large part of it becoming
  uninhabitable.   The radiation fallout will spread to the mainland of China
  to
  some extent and the air currents will bring some of it across the ocean to


20110401-The Weather.-506.html[12/03/2022 10:26:01]
The Weather.

  be
  detected in Hawaii and North America. Being aware of possible contamination
  should be an ongoing factor regarding growing food. We don't see this as
  a real danger in North America, but it should be taken into consideration in
  all ways. Nu-lear facilities in North America and other countries are now
  scrambling to see that their own plants are brought up to a finer point of
  safety, even though there are many other factors facing the leaders of the
  world.
                The crust of the Earth where it is titled the Ring of Fire has
  been
  very active, as is quite apparent from the great earthquakes that have been
  bringing down cities in its grasp. There will be more heavy quakes in the
  coming months, as this part of the world continues to re-position itself
  during the galactic alignment. We expect movements in the Aleutian
  Islands and Alaska before too long. The western coasts of North America
  are becoming unsettled and many small quakes are happening now and
  will continue to do so for some time. The old volcanoes in Oregon and
  California are experiencing movement deep in the crust that provide the
  possibility of new eruptions in the coming months. At this point we don't
  see any violent eruptions, perhaps just a lot of ash releases. You who
  live near them should, however, keep on top of what is going on there.
  The Madrid Fault in mid-America is a deep ancient rift that is now starting
  to widen, a very little at a time. At this point we are seeing, not a
  violent
  quake, but a series of small movements and the land on either side of
  the fault becoming unstable.
                  Air currents around the world continue to change rapidly,
  partly
  due to the heavy vibrations from the happenings on the earth, but mostly
  from the rising frequencies that are pouring upon it from the Sun.
  Tornadoes are popping up in unexpected places, as well as the normal
  path through the middle of North America. We see them parading much
  further north in America and hitting Canada in the next few months. Heavy
  wind and thunder storms should be expected in April, causing more flooding
  in areas already saturated. Be aware of this possibility, especially in
  low-lying areas throughout North America. Europe will also be experiencing
  unusually strong storms, with temperatures that go up and down without
  any reasonable expectation. Russia will be inundated by melting glaciers
  and snow, at least bringing water to the dry lands. China will be
  experiencing some heavy quakes in mountainous areas, amid fierce storms
  that will wreck havoc on rice crops in some areas. New Zealand is in the
  position of deep movement of its volcanic origins and even more quakes
  to come. Australia so far is quite stable, but can expect heavy rain
  storms,
  even in the Outback.    The Pacific island chains are in trouble, as rising
  sea levels continue to confront their beaches. The coming months will
  see a few of them disappear beneath the waves.
                  The uprisings and revolts in the Mid-eastern countries are
  the outcome of the rising consciousness of humanity in areas that have
  been downtrodden for centuries. World wide communication has brought
  the understanding that they have been robbed of their inherent freedoms
  and the ability to gain the knowledge the rest of the world has prospered
  by.
  The loss of life and the millions of dollars needed by the nations that are
  helping combat this ancient misconception of leadership, will be considered
  well spent in the years to come.
                 Dear ones, this is reality time. You are the generation that
  have
  come to witness the great transformation of your beautiful planet into
  a new planet of beauty and plenty for all. The great deserts and waste
  lands will become green and filled with new species of vegetation and
  wildlife. Humanity will be more intelligent as those being born even now
  are showing dramatic awareness at a very young age. The lessons being
  learned now are the culmination of millions of years of needful accumulation
  of experience and wisdom by every one of you S-uls. Take each day with
  enthusiasm and a willingness to see and feel everything around you, helping
  each other as much as you can. The giving attitude of the Japanese
  people during this terrible time for them is a lesson for humanity that
  should
  never be forgotten.   You are a very special generation use each experience,
  no matter how difficult, as a step forward during this lifetime and for many
  more to come.
  *******************
       Question: Last month you referred to a growth spurt
  for Planet Earth. Would you enlarge on that statement? Does this have


20110401-The Weather.-506.html[12/03/2022 10:26:01]
The Weather.

  anything to do with the atomic plants leaking radiation?
       ANSWER:    This has to do with the changing crust of the planet. As
  the earth goes though its current stretching and wobbling, there is new land
  being built also. The planet is actually becoming larger, as scientists will
  find in their explorations and figures in the next few years. Of course,
  not so much larger that the ordinary person will recognize this is happening
  in inches, feet, etc.   This is happening because of the rising heat of the
  core, which is an inner reactor constantly creating the energy that fuels
  all
  living things on the surface. The galactic alignment that is already
  starting
  to happen is the instigator of the growth.   The Supreme Creative Energy
  that set into motion the many universes in the void patterned the planets
  and the myriad other creations of matter to relate to each other in ways
  that would continue creating and changing for eternity.
  *************
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110401-The Weather.-506.html[12/03/2022 10:26:01]
