{"created_utc": "2026-09-30T16:52:59Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 25392, "source_ctime_ns": 1790746748318188472, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110416-Rocky-Mountain-High.-541.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790746748291681160, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110416-Rocky-Mountain-High.-541.pdf", "source_sha256": "f52202f8e25a7b575cce1e03882aebf7e4cb8aca7644c49e9fd7b48acc9a50a7"}

Rocky Mountain High.


  Subject: Rocky Mountain High.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 16/04/2011, 15:31
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Rocky Mountain High.
  April 16, 2011.
    As John Denver once sang, "Rocky Mountain High.           Here is how to
  keep you vibrations high.
    I tried that miracle diet containing beets, carrots, apples and limes and
  it didn't have much effect on my. I guess I already eat a pretty good diet
  and it caused it not to affect me very much.
  ..................................................
  ..................................................
  An article from the MARCH 2011 issue of THE STAR BEACON KEEP YOUR
  VIBRATION HIGH
  We heard in 2010 that the year 2011 was going to be filled with mind-blowing
  events. So far that has been a fact. World events have escalated into civil
  w-rs in the Middle East, an assassination attempt on one of our
  congresswomen in Tucson, and unions challenging state g-vernments
  (beginning with my hometown of Madison, Wis.). In my opinion we've only
  seen the tip of the iceberg for 2011.
  This morning's disturbing headline on my Internet home page read North
  Korea threatens to attack U-ited States! How alarming is that?
  But, you know, even with all this bad news going on, I've managed to
  maintain my personal level of well being. Even with all the drama, my higher
  self knows that there is a d-vine plan and that everything is happening for
  a
  reason... often one we can't see at the time events are unfolding.
  There was a period in my life where I was proud of the fact that I didn't
  have TV. I chose to keep my head buried in the sand, so to speak, and
  ignore the drama going on in our world. I thought that by doing so, I
  would keep my vibration high and not be influenced by events and
  opinions that would only serve to drag me down to a level where my
  light would dim.
  Last November, for the first time in a couple of decades, I subscribed
  to cable TV. Since knowing Doug, I've allowed myself to become more
  educated about what is happening around me.
  Whereas before I had a one-sided view of wa-, p-litics and business
  affairs, I am now seeing a broader perspective and have moved from
  the Left into the Center, where I can weigh the checks and balances
  of both Left and Right.
  There are leaders and influential groups of people in our world who are
  causing hardships for many. We elect po-iticians to govern us in a way
  that we hope is for the highest good of all, and yet we are continually
  disappointed when they let us down. They promised to represent us,
  and then they seem to get sucked in by lobbyists or their own agenda.
  As I look around at the world's leaders I can see that power is an
  addiction and deception is prominent.
  I begin to wonder, will we ever have a world of peace where love
  dominates and we are living in the Golden A-e our ET friends have
  proclaimed? The Old T-stament in the B-ble talks about the years of
  tribulation, and we are certainly experiencing those now, in my opinion.
  My message for this month pertains to keeping our vibration high so
  that we can continue to not only exist in this troubling world, but
  make headway in bringing about a brighter future for all. I believe that
  if we can keep our own vibration high, our light can shine and the world
  will be better because of it.
  How can you do this? How do you keep from falling into victimhood or
  drowning in the well of self-pity and despair?
  It's quite simple really.
  Take the judgment off of it. In Suzanne W-rd's book, Voices of the
  Universe, a young man named Richard who knew he was going to be
  ki-led soon (he got the message from his sp-rit guides), made this
  statement: All judgment of others is self-judgment. All forgiveness of
  others is self-forgiveness.
  When I read that, something in me clicked. When truth hits home, it's like
  a spiritual o-gasm (if you'll excuse the expression). Of course! It's when
  we
  judge others actions that we separate ourselves from the All. And when we
  can remove the judgment from every person and every situation, we are
  lifting that heaviness from ourselves... it raises our vibration. It raises


20110416-Rocky Mountain High.-541.html[12/03/2022 10:26:08]
Rocky Mountain High.

  it
  to such a level that nothing seems to bother us any more. We can look at all
  the dramas being played out and acknowledge them, but not be affected in
  the same way as before.
  I'm not saying that we are immune. Since we are all connected in
  consciousness, we can't help but be affected by everything going on.
  However, by keeping our vibration high, it's like water off a duck's back.
  We can
  acknowledge it, then let it go.
  Contrary to my friends warnings, television and world awareness has not
  brought me down. Instead it has made me more aware. And when I have
  those days when insecurity grips me, or I'm in a bad mood (I'am still human,
  after all), I take measures to raise my vibration using the tools I've
  gathered
  through the years. These tools include calming my mind by listening to
  high-vibrational music, doing EFT (Emotional Freedom Technique, or tapping),
  deep breathing, and especially talking to G-d and calling on my guides, and
  being grateful for everything in my life... being grateful for the
  opportunity
  to be on planet Earth at this crucial time in its history, and experiencing
  all that is going on as we head into what is supposed to be a major shift
  in consciousness and transformation.
  I'm glad I'm here. And I'm doing all I can to keep my vibration high. I
  invite
  you to join me and take the judgment off the situation at hand, and do
  whatever it takes to live from your heart and follow your own guidance.
  BACK TO
  http://earthstar.tripod.com/TSB_dir/whatsnew.html
  WHAT'S New.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110416-Rocky Mountain High.-541.html[12/03/2022 10:26:08]
