{"created_utc": "2026-10-09T14:44:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32115, "source_ctime_ns": 1790752837647371667, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110805-Ruth-Montgomery-And-ESP.-Part-2-of-2.-60556.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790752837550600081, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110805-Ruth-Montgomery-And-ESP.-Part-2-of-2.-60556.pdf", "source_sha256": "60fdddc5d7b91920c61280d3b485dc23dbed24f3f41e1753943cab93b0aab0f7"}

Ruth Montgomery And ESP.


  Subject: Ruth Montgomery And ESP.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 04/08/2011, 21:56
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Ruth Montgomey And ESP.
  Aug. 4, 2011.
     This probably should be called Planet Of The Apes Part 4. but I will call
  it
  now Ruth Montgomery And ESP.
  - SECRET B-ACK PARANORMAL PROJECTS -
  Early ESP and the U.S. G-vernment
  By Nick R-dfern
  Any mention of ESP and psychic-phenomena in connection with the
  activities of the U.S. Go-ernment is almost certain to provoke
  and guarantee commentary with respect to the ground-breaking
  "Remote-Viewing" work of the C-A, U.S. A-my, and Defense
  I-telligence Agency from the early 1970s onwards. And rightly
  so, too. Many people, however, are glaringly unaware that the
  gov-rnment's interest - and direct involvement - in such matters
  actually dates back decades before the remote-viewers were even
  on the scene.
  In 1977, in a document titled Parapsychology in Intelligence,
  Kenneth A. K-ss, an engineer with the CI-'s Office of Technical
  Services, wrote: "Anecdotal reports of extrasensory perception
  (ESP) capabilities have reached U.S. national s-curity agencies
  at least since World War II, when H-tler was said to rely on
  astrologers and seers. Suggestions for mil-tary applications of
  ESP continued to be received after World War II. For example, in
  1952 the Department of D-fense was lectured on the possible
  usefulness of extrasensory perception in psychological w-rfare."
  Moving on to 1960
  Ruth Montgomery was a well-known and controversial p-ychic, and
  the author of such books as Aliens Among Us and A World Beyond
  who died in 2001. On June 14, 1960 Montgomery wrote an article
  entitled "S-ying By Mind-Reading" that was published in the New
  York Journal A-erican newspaper.
  Files declassified under the terms of the Freedom of
  Information reveal that Montgomery's eye-opening article led
  none other than F-I head-honcho, J. Edgar Hoover, to ask "Is
  there anything to this?" in a memo that was sent to three of the
  -BI's most respected figures: Clyde T-lson, who had been the
  F-I's associate director; Alan B-lmont, who held the position of
  Assistant Director of the Domestic I-telligence Division of the
  FB-; and Cartha D-Loach, who in 1948 became the liaison point
  between the -BI and the -IA.
  Forty-eight-hours later Be-mont prepared a reply. It stated:
  "The New York Journal Am-rican on 6-14-60 carried a column by
  Ruth Montgomery Sp-ing by Mind-Reading! in which she stated the
  A-my In-elligence Service was conducting research experiments in
  mental t-lepathy. She speculated that the ultimate achievement
  would be to develop a method whereby U.S. sp-es could 'receive'
  thoughts of plotters in the Kremlin. Lieutenant Colonel Lee
  M-rtin, Chief of Investigations, Assistant Chief of Staff for
  Int-lligence, advised liaison agent [Deleted] that the Ar-y is
  conducting no such project as described in the article."
  But did this mean that no such research had ever been initiated
  by other branches of the mili-ary? When faced with yet further
  inquiries, Lt. Col. Mar-in seemingly back-tracked to a degree.
  He admitted to the -BI that the denial to the Montgomery article
  about the Ar-y's non-involvement in such matters did not mean
  other agencies were not implicated. In fact, Hoover was told:
  "He [Lt. Col. Mar-in] did state that the U.S. Air F-rce had a
  contract in 1958 and 1959 with the Bureau of S-cial Science
  Research, Washington, D.C., which did research in the many


20110805-Ruth Montgomery And ESP. Part 2 of 2.-60556.html[12/03/2022 10:29:05]
Ruth Montgomery And ESP.

  phases of mental problems raised by the Korean War, with
  particular emphasis on brainwashing. This research did
  incidentally include mental te-epathy or extra sensory
  perception; however, the results were inconclusive."
  Hoover was further informed: "Our Laboratory experts advised
  that informed scientific opinion at the present time is that
  there is no basis in science for the validity of extra sensory
  perception as described in this article. It is true, of course,
  there are some areas and activities of the human mind which have
  not been explored or completely understood by psychologists for
  the purpose of explaining these little-understood functions of
  the mind."
  As for the aforementioned Alan Bel-ont, having reviewed
  additional F-I files on "mental phenomena," he told Hoover the
  following:
  "In 1957, one William F-os, Richmond, Virginia, claimed that he
  could teach blind persons to see through the use of extra
  sensory perception. He claimed he could teach people to read a
  paper which was covered or to see through a wall. Recognizing
  the value of such activity to our counterespionage work, we
  thoroughly checked the claim and had to conclude that his
  alleged powers had no scientific basis. Other Govern-ent
  agencies such as V-terans Association, Central In-elligence
  Agency and Assistant Chief of Staff for Intel-igence also
  checked on Fo-s and were highly skeptical of his work."
  Nevertheless this did not stop the F-I from continuing to
  carefully, and secr-tly, watch Ruth Montgomery. Indeed, the
  Bureau noted that, according to Montgomery's insider-sources,
  "top int-lligence agents" were involved in classified ESP-themed
  operations in the early 1960s, and cited Montgomery's words in an
  official memorandum for Hoover. It reads as follows:
  "The Ar-y Int-lligence Service is beginning to delve into an
  unknown reach of the mind which - should it eventually prove
  successful - could make s-ying the least hazardous branch of
  defe-se. The project receives expert guidance within the
  department, but many of the officers have become so fascinated
  by the possibility [of ESP] that they have formed groups,
  outside of office hours, to try reading each other's minds."
  Clearly, then, and despite what many have assumed and presumed,
  official U.S. Gove-nment interest in ESP began way before remote-
  viewing became fashionable within official circles. Precisely
  when such research actually began, however, is an issue as murky
  and as mysterious as the phenomenon itself!
  Source: Mysterious Universe
  http://mysteriousuniverse.org/2011/07/early-esp-and-the-u-s-
  government/#more-6453
                             - HAUNTED BY A PHOTOGRAPH DEPARTMENT -
  Ghostly Presence in North Norfolk C-urch
  A pub's name-change in honor of a north Norfolk village's
  ghost brought haunting memories flooding back for EDP reader
  Diane Be-thelot.
  Mrs Berthel-t read about the re-launch of Worstead's New Inn in
  the EDP and was thrilled when she saw it was to become The White
  Lady; celebrating the ghost said to appear in the nearby chu-ch
  every C-ristmas Eve.
  One hot summer's day 36 years ago, Mrs Berth-lot believes she
  unwittingly had her photo taken with the White Lady while
  visiting the church, and the EDP article prompted her to get in
  touch.
  While one early account of the g-ost's appearance ends in the
  witness's de-th, Mrs Bert-elot, of Hipperson Close, North
  Walsham, says her own experience was of a h-aling and peaceful
  spir-t presence.
  In 1830 a man is said to have climbed into the ch-rch belfry on
  Ch-istmas Eve, boasting that he would kiss the White Lady if he
  saw her. When he failed to reappear, his friends followed and
  found him huddled and terrified. He managed to whisper "I've


20110805-Ruth Montgomery And ESP. Part 2 of 2.-60556.html[12/03/2022 10:29:05]
Ruth Montgomery And ESP.

  seen her, I've seen her," before dy-ng.
  Mrs Ber-helot, now 79, says she had never heard of the gh-st
  when she, husband Peter and their 12-year-old son David visited
  the old weaving village of Worstead on Saturday August 2 1975,
  during one of their regular holidays in Norfolk from their then
  home in Essex, and went inside the chur-h to escape the heat.
  She had suffered ill health for some time and remembers that
  she was taking antibiotics for an infection and felt unwell that
  day. As her husband and son wandered round the empty chu-ch
  taking photos, Mrs Bert-elot sat close to the front on a wooden
  bench and pr-yed for recovery, unaware that her husband had
  caught her on camera too. She remembers feeling warm, relaxed
  and at peace.
  Months later, back in Essex, the family and their lodger
  Barbara decided to have a slide show and view their summer snaps
  for the first time. They were astounded when Barbara asked:
  "Who's that sitting behind you Di?"
  Mrs Berth-lot said: "I looked up, saw the w-ite figure and my
  feet started to 'tingle'. This sensation eventually engulfing
  the whole of me. It was a pleasant, comforting feeling."
  The photo appears to show a woman dressed in light-coloured,
  old-fashioned clothes, with a bonnet, sitting on the bench
  directly behind Mrs Berthelo-.
  The following summer Mrs Ber-helot says she went back to the
  chu-ch and showed the slide to the late Vicar of W-rstead, Rev
  P-ttit, who told them about the legend and said there was talk
  that the White Lady was a he-ler who appeared when there was
  sickness.
  For many years Mrs Ber-helot said she experienced the same
  tingling sensation whenever she looked at the photo, although
  this has since stopped.
  "I've been back to the ch-rch many times since but nothing ever
  happened again," she said.
  Mrs Berthelot has now presented a copy of her photo to Dennis
  Gi-ligan, the new owner of Worstead's pub, who decided on the
  name change after finding an ageing newspaper article about the
  White Lady when he moved into his own home in the village.
  Mr Gill-gan plans to frame and display Mrs Berth-lot's photo.
  He suspects the White Lady may have started drifting across to
  the pub since it was renamed as lights appear to turn themselves
  on and off without human intervention - and he was recently
  touched on the shoulder while alone in the cellars.
  Source: EDP24
  http://www.edp24.co.uk/news/amazing_photo_ghostly_presence_in_no
  rth_norfolk_church_1_973034
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110805-Ruth Montgomery And ESP. Part 2 of 2.-60556.html[12/03/2022 10:29:05]
