{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:12:10Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30651, "source_ctime_ns": 1790681194448758108, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110906-More-From-G-sbolt.-Part-3.-846.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790681194189603282, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110906-More-From-G-sbolt.-Part-3.-846.pdf", "source_sha256": "f0618db11b64c0ebaa2ac22edad8b468d430c33857af78474f64db70a3a34f7a"}

More From G-sbolt. Part 3.


  Subject: More From G-sbolt. Part 3.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 06/09/2011, 23:42
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: More From G-sbolt.
  Sept. 6, 2011.
    Many of the places that are mentioned in these reports I have been to or
  near.
  As a child spent many summers on my grand dad's ranch in Datil, New Mexico.
  As a young electronic technician I live in Lancaster, Calif. and worked at
  Edwards Rocket Base. Many of the other places I have been to or
  investigated.
  ....................................................
  ....................................................
  Level six is privately called nightmare hall amongst workers. They tell of
  bizarre experimentation and multi-legged humans that look half human and
  half octopus, reptilian humanoids, furry creatures with hands like humans
  that
  cry like a baby, and mimic human words. Also a huge mixture of lizard
  humans in cages, several cages of winged humans, three and a half to seven
  feet tall bat like creatures and gargoyle like beings. In level seven are
  thousands of rows of human and human genetic mixtures in cold storage,
  humanoid embryo storage vats with embryos in various stages of development.
  Other workers said they witnessed scenes even more terrifying than this and
  refused to talk about them. One worker told Bill H-milton I frequently
  encountered humans in cages, usually dazed or drugged, but sometimes
  they cried and begged for help. We were told they were insane and involved
  in high-risk d-ug tests to c-re insanity. We were told never to speak to
  them at all. At the beginning we believed the story. Finally in 1978 a small
  group of workers discovered the truth.
  Thomas C-stello was one of the s-curity workers at the Dulce facility.
  Thomas worked seven years for the R-nd Corporation in California. He
  was transferred to Dulce in 1977. He estimated there were more than
  18000 short greys at Dulce and also saw tall reptilians.
  Thomas knew of seven levels but said there could have been more. He
  said the aliens were on levels five, six and seven. The lower you go
  the higher the security clearance is needed. The only sign in English is
  above the tube shuttle system and says To Los Alamos. The tube shuttle
  travels at mach 2.7. Most signs at the Dulce facility are in the alien
  symbol language and a universal system understood by humans and ET's.
  Thomas said the other shuttle connections from Dulce went to Page
  Arizona, Area 51 Nevada, Taos Carlsbad, Datil New Mexico, Colorado
  Springs and Creede Colorado. Thomas also said there is a vast number
  of tube shuttle connections under the U-ited States which extend into
  a global system of tunnels to other underground bases in other countries.
  Thomas Ca-tello said that below the second level of the Dulce facility
  everyone is weighed n-ked and given a uniform. Any change in weight
  is noted and if there is a change in weight of three pounds or more the
  people are x-rayed. At the entrance to all sensitive areas are scales
  and the persons weight must match with their ID card and code to gain
  entry.
  Thomas Cas-ello smuggled many things out of the Dulce facility before
  he escaped which included twenty seven sheets of 8x10 photos of alien
  and genetic creatures in vats. One silent surveillance camera video
  tape, which begins with showing computer banks then vats, multi shots
  of nightmare hall, two shots of greys, one shot of the terminal sign
  saying To Los Alamos and thirty seconds of the shuttle train arriving.
  Twenty five pages of diagrams, chemical formulas, schematics and
  alien equipment.
  * A copy of the new government/alien treaty with signatures.
  * Two pages of original documents signed by Ronald R-agan (then
  go-ernor of California). Each page has Ronald Re-gan's signature
  plus other p-litical signatures and four alien signatures.
  * Thomas Cast-llo's flash gun (a laser type weapon used by the se-urity
  officers at Dulce).
  * Thomas put the original set of these items in a sealed, one piece oxygen
  free heavy plastic box. Five sets of copies are in five different boxes in


20110906-More From G-sbolt. Part 3.-846.html[12/03/2022 10:29:20]
More From G-sbolt. Part 3.

  five different locations guarded by five different individuals known only to
  Thomas Caste-lo.
  I understand these individuals would be scared to leak this proof as Thomas
  Castel-o's wife and child were kidnapped and then disappeared in Puerto Rico
  not long after this (now presumed d-ad). But if any of you are reading this
  then please contact me anonymously and we can arrange for you to send me
  a copy. I will be able to get it out on a large scale. My e-mail address
  will be
  at the end of this article.
  This is part of an interview with Thomas Castell- before he disappeared-
  I am saying there are aliens in several underground bases in this country
  and terrible things happen in those places. If I d-e before it is proven
  search
  for proof. Demand that the gov-rnment admit it. If enough people demand it
  they will find a way to explain the base or at least explain why they must
  keep it sec-et. There are many people that work at Dulce that know me. I
  am challenging those co-workers to speak up anonymously. Send a letter
  to confirm what I have explained. In the name of the brave men, women,
  children and aliens that d-ed trying to let the public know what is going on
  at the Dulce facility. Expose that horrid place before thousands more
  innocent people are tortured and di- unspeakable deaths.
  The Ra-d corporation which is involved in the construction of these
  underground bases has released The Ro-er report. This is now a third
  generation report that says according to their research one in ten people
  have been abducted and implanted by the Greys and reptilians and
  returned with their memories erased. This report has been sent out to
  one hundred and ten thousand clinical psychiatrists in the US.
  The Ro-er report also states that women are being r-ped by reptilian ET's
  as part of a ongoing genetic program by them. As fantastic as this sounds
  it is backed up by some of the world's top MD's like John M-ck and many
  others. There are some ninety concerned psychiatric scientists in the US
  who are trying to form an organization to prevent secr-cy on this
  horrendous situation.
  They say that because of the alien/gov-rnment treaties this amounts to
  gov-rnment sponsored ra-e. According to the Rop-r report 99.3% of the
  abductees being used in this ongoing genetic ET program are female and
  0.7% are male.
  I have personally seen intelli-ence documents of studies into the Grey and
  Reptilian problem that show they are involved in genetic sabo-age of the
  human r-ce. The Grey and Reptilian alien agenda is to slowly and covertly
  take over the planet in the next thirty years, reduce the population and
  run the planet from underground using the surface population as food to be
  taken when and how they wish. The British, Russian and US gove-nment
  is shooting down around one Grey and Reptilian craft a month with particle
  beam weapons developed from Tesla technology.
  The Russians have areas the size of football fields full of crashed ET
  craft.
  If that is not a full-scale i-vasion I don't know what is.
  The British, Russian and US govern-ent have become blo-d brothers and the
  best of friends because of the alien agenda. The Russian and US cold w-r was
  feigned animosity and a sham so these governme-ts could develop nucl-ar
  wea-on programs to counter the alien threat.
  The cold wa- was a l-e for the public to take the attention away from what
  the nu-lear wea-ons program was really being developed for, not against
  Russia but as a last resort against the Greys and Reptilians.
  The headquarters of the s-cret int-rnational gove-ning body in charge of
  dealing with the ET phenomenon is in G-neva, Switzerland. The ruling body is
  made up of representatives of the go-ernments involved as well as the
  executive members of the group known as the B-lderburgers. As I have said
  the British, American and Russian go-ernments are working very closely
  together because of the Grey/Reptilian threat to the planet. Although the
  situation is so horrendous that these gove-nments have shattered into
  panicked factions, some of which have sold out and are directly helping
  the Greys and Reptilians.
  According to very credible US go-ernment insider William C-oper the
  most important meetings of this sec-et int-rnational gov-rning body are
  held by the policy committee on a n-clear submarine beneath the polar
  ice caps.


20110906-More From G-sbolt. Part 3.-846.html[12/03/2022 10:29:20]
More From G-sbolt. Part 3.

  The se-recy is such that this is the only method to make certain the
  meetings cannot be bugged and is the only place they will discuss their
  biggest s-crets.
  It would be wrong and cruel of me to present his information without
  presenting the full picture. The Greys and reptilians from Orion have
  been involved in an ancient -ar with the Benevolent Pleiadians and
  other groups. The Pleiadians are a very powerful group and are the
  guardians of this solar system. I personally do not believe they will let
  the grey/reptilian agenida fully unfold. They have helped us in the past,
  are helping us now and will help us in the future.
  I know this because I have had many Para-normal ET cont-ct experiences
  since childhood. There is not room to go into detail here but is covered in
  the Above top se-ret presentation with investigative journalist Dave
  S-arbuck. Type reve-ation audio visual-Dave star buck into a search engine
  to find.
  Part 3.
  John Winston.              johnfw@mlode.com


20110906-More From G-sbolt. Part 3.-846.html[12/03/2022 10:29:20]
