{"created_utc": "2026-10-09T12:31:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31638, "source_ctime_ns": 1790742994790637420, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110426-Latest-From-David-I.-561.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790742994478994302, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110426-Latest-From-David-I.-561.pdf", "source_sha256": "a74765b322cf3cff9a6da2c7eb587facc91d214b9a77866119a1e5ae473dc62e"}

Latest From David I.


  Subject: Latest From David I.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 26/04/2011, 22:12
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Latest From David I.
  April 26, 2011.
    Some people like the words of David I. I'm not sure if he is telling
  the truth or stretching the truth, but never can tell.
  ...............................................................
  ...............................................................
  The David I-ke Newsletter, January 30th 2011
  'GLOBAL WARMING' ...... IS K-LLING US (AND IT'S             DESIGNED TO)
  How the BIG LIE is            being used to target human health and wellbeing.
  Hello all,
  You always know if something is part of the Orwellian conspiracy when it
  continues to be pushed and implemented despite all evidence exposing its
  lies and/or stupidity.
  The examples are endless - including the mass introduction of full-body
  scanners at airports on the back of a blatant patsy burning his backside
  on a plane over America with a device that experts say would not have
  been picked up by full-body scanners.
  The scanners were not forced upon us to protect people. They were sitting
  there waiting for the excuse to be manufactured to wheel them out and
  this is why we had the media blitz by Michael C-ertoff, the son of a Mossad
  agent and former head of Homeland S-curity, immediately after old
  burn-his-arse, well, burnt his arse.
  It just so happened as well that Ch-rtoff's company represents a
  manufacturer
  of full-body scanners. These people never miss a trick when it comes to
  money,
  power and manipulation.
  The same agenda-in-waiting and Problem-Reaction-Solution can be seen with
  9/11 and the 'war on terror', the 'shoe bomber', Richard Reid, the bombings
  in
  London and, this week, in Moscow. On and on it goes.
  But there is no greater example of this technique of ignoring the evidence
  and
  public opinion and just ploughing on regardless than what was once called
  'global warming' and is now, after more than a decade of cooling, known in
  the p-opaganda as 'climate change'.
  A UK P-rliamentary committee proposed this week that petrol rationing
  should
  be introduced in the face of what is predicted to be a price of - $12.5 -
  a gallon
  by the Summer.
  The all-party committee of 20 Members of Par-iament said this was necessary
  to
  deal with global energy shortages and the climate change crisis.
  First of all, there is no shortage of o-l, only a manufactured perception
  of
  scarcity to drive up the price to squeeze the public until the pips
  squeak -
  along with the banking crash/bail out, go-ernment spending cuts, soaring
  food
  prices and the rapidly increasing cost of virtually everything that moves,
  or doesn't.
  There is nothing that generates mass price rises across the spectrum of
  society
  more than fuel costs because almost everything needs oi- to either make or
  transport.
  Companies with a fleet of ten trucks have already seen their fuel costs
  rise by
  an average of 14,000 ($22,000) a year and that alone is effecting the price
  of
  almost everything.


20110426-Latest From David I.-561.html[12/03/2022 10:26:12]
Latest From David I.

  Secondly, there is no 'climate change crisis'. It is a manipulated scam to
  justify
  the imposition of higher prices and taxation, the will of the State on
  the fine detail of our lives and to p-ison and disrupt us chemically and
  vibrationally.
  This is the real reason why laws are being introduced despite the long-past
  demolition of the 'climate change' lie-machine to force 'climate friendly'
  light bulbs upon us and ban those we have used and lived with quite happily
  all
  of our lives.
  This is happening in Britain and across Europe thanks to the European Union
  and
  in North A-erica thanks to the same global network. It is nothing
  whatsoever to
  do with the climate and everything to do with kil-ing and suppressing the
  human
  population.
  These so-called compact fluorescent light bulbs, or 'CFLs', are supposed to
  be
  good for 'fighting' (everything is a 'fight') the illusory global warming -
  good for the 'environment' in other words. In fact, they are lethal both to
  that and human and animal health.
  And in the deep shadows behind the criminally-uninformed p-litical
  repeaters,
  this is by design, not accident.
  These lights contain mercury, without which they won't work, and mercury
  (also
  called quicksilver) is lethally toxic. Indeed, it is so dangerous,
  especially
  to the brains of children and the unborn, that it has been banned in many
  countries for use in a long list of devices including thermometers, vehicle
  and
  thermostat switches, and so on.
  They did this because the use of mercury was considered unsafe. After all,
  Mercury is even more t-xic than arsenic and lead (a sobering thought when
  you think that the ubiquitous amalgam tooth filling is made with mercury).
  So what do they do now? They insist with new laws that we have them all
  over
  our homes, workplaces, stores and malls when every single bulb is a
  disaster
  waiting to happen. As I have stressed constantly - this is not by stupidity
  and
  incompetence at the point where the plan is orchestrated, but specifically
  designed to target the human mind and body in many and various ways.
  Fluorescent bulbs are said to use less electricity and last much longer
  than
  conventional ones, but if a bulb is frequently switched on and off (it's a
  light for goodness sake and I thought turning them off saved energy) then
  they wear out rapidly - in some circumstances faster than the bulbs they
  are
  forcibly replacing.
  What happens if one of the normal light bulbs (called 'incandescent')
  breaks
  into pieces, as they often do? We sweep up the bits and throw them in the
  bin, job done, no problem.
  What do we have to do when an 'environmentally-friendly', help-to-save-the
  world fluorescent bulb breaks? Here is some helpful advice from the UK
  Health
  Protection Agency:
  * Keep children and pets out of the contaminated area.
  * Prior to cleaning up the                spill, put on an old set of clothes and shoes,
  and rubber gloves.
  * Never vacuum the affected area as this will contaminate the machine and
  result in the airborne release of vaporised mercury. A vacuum cleaner
  contaminated with mercury will have to be disposed of. Consult your local
  authority for information on where you can safely dispose of such
  equipment, or
  if you have any queries. A mop or broom should not be used as these will
  become
  contaminated and spread the spill.
  * Elemental mercury that has been spilt on a hard surface should be picked
  up using masking tape, or swept into a glass container with a sealable lid
  using
  stiff cardboard to push the beads together. Check a wide area beyond the


20110426-Latest From David I.-561.html[12/03/2022 10:26:12]
Latest From David I.

  spill,
  using a torch to           identify as much of the mercury as possible.
  * The container, the cardboard and broken glass should be double-bagged for
  disposal. Then consult your local authority for information regarding
  disposal
  facilities, or if you have any queries. The room in which the spill
  occurred
  should be ventilated and the spill area should not be vacuumed for two
  weeks.
  * If the spill is on upholstery or carpet, the mercury should be collected
  in a
  sealable container (see step 4). Remember, never vacuum the affected area
  as this will contaminate the machine and result in the airborne release of
  vaporised mercury which can harm health. If the mercury cannot be
  retrieved,
  the area of contaminated upholstery or carpet may need to be removed and
  disposed of as hazardous waste. If this is the case, the contaminated
  material
  should be double-bagged. Consult your local authority for information on
  where
  you can safely dispose of the waste.
  * Do not use household cleaning products to clean the spill, particularly
  products that contain ammonia or chlorine such as bleach. These chemicals
  will react violently with mercury, releasing a toxic gas.
  * Elemental mercury that has been spilt down a sink should be removed by
  dismantling the U-bend (water trap) and collected in a sealable container
  and disposed as hazardous waste. Mercury left in the sink U-bend will
  vaporise on
  contact with warm water and should therefore be removed to avoid prolonged
  exposure.
  * Clothing that has come into contact with the mercury must not be
  dry-cleaned
  or washed in a washing machine and must be discarded, double-bagged, in the
  normal household refuse.
  * Carefully remove rubber gloves by grabbing them at the wrist and pulling
  them
  inside out as they come off. Place the gloves and any contaminated
  clothing,
  double-bagged, in the rubbish bin for disposal.
  The Health Protection Agency adds that we must 'remember to keep the area
  well-ventilated to the outside (open windows and run any available fans)
  for at
  least twenty-four hours after your successful clean-up. Continue to keep
  pets
  and children out of the clean-up area.'
  It then talks about disposing of the bulbs at the hazardous household waste
  section of a waste recycling center.
  Got all that when your next fluorescent light bulb breaks? And there is
  just
  the little matter that there are an estimated 5.5 million light bulbs
  bought in
  the U-ited States alone every day in a country that uses at any one time
  some
  four billion.
  And every time one breaks you are into the procedure outlined above and
  even if
  they don't break they must be disposed of as hazardous waste.
  The Ellsworth American newspaper reported how a lady called Brandy B-idges
  from Prospect, Maine, followed the official guidance and replaced the bulbs
  in
  her home with the fluorescent variety. But then one of them broke and what
  followed devastated her home and life.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110426-Latest From David I.-561.html[12/03/2022 10:26:12]
