{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T21:10:07Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33226, "source_ctime_ns": 1790712430575998032, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110519-Extraterrestrials.-Part-5.-621.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790712430444713038, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110519-Extraterrestrials.-Part-5.-621.pdf", "source_sha256": "6399543224b573919cd752360f21bc5045fcc278b1f8b4a67f00568cccbe6764"}

Extraterrestrials. Part 5.


   Subject: Extraterrestrials. Part 5.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 19/05/2011, 22:10
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Extraterrestrials.                  Part 5.
   May 19, 2011.
      This talks about the Greys.
   .......................................................
   .......................................................
   This is why those humans seen working with the Greys (implanted
   and programmed drones, whether willingly or unwillingly) have
   appeared lifeless and emotionless to the witnesses who observed
   them. The Zeta's or Greys live in the Constellation "Reticulum" by
   the Star "Zeta 2 Reticuli" a planet was discovered there and then
   suddenly taken off the list!
   http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/vida_alien/alien_races02a.htm
   Further descriptions on Greys
   PRIMARY PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS OF THE GRAYS:
   The larger Grays apparently have some vestigial reproductive capability,
   and some of the hybrid species that have been cross-bred with the
   [taller] reptilian species have full reproductive capability.
   The brain capacity is estimated to be between 2500 and 3500 cc,
   compared to 1300 cc for the average human. Due to the cloning process,
   the neural matter is artificially grown brain matter, and the Grays have
   known technology that enables them to insert memory patterns and
   consciousness into clones in any manner or pattern that they wish.
   The Greys consume nourishment through a process of absorption
   through their skin. The process, according to abductees who have
   witnessed it, involved spreading a biological slurry mixture that has
   been mixed with hydrogen peroxide [which oxygenates the slurry and
   eliminates bacteria] onto their skin. Waste products are then excreted
   back through the skin. Many abductees have noted that the Greys
   have a distinct series of odors... The larger Greys have a more
   pronounced nose... According to some gov-rnment sources, these
   extraterrestrial biological entities called themselves the EBAN.
   It is with the larger Grays that elements of the gov-rnment made
   a series of diplomatic agreements in the 1950s, 60s and 70s...
                                                     MORE ON THE GREYS:
   The Greys are involved in the stockpiling of humans [including children]
   for use as a food source for the Reptilian species [and as a lesser food
   source for themselves?]... PHYSIOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS OF
   SOME GREY-REPTILIAN SPECIES -- AUTOPSIED BY U-ITED STATES
   GOV-RNMENT:
   Alien Life Form
   ALF: Term used by the go-ernment to describe the Greys in terms of
   being a malevolent life form. The deal with the Greys is that their
   field around their body is different to ours to the point where merging
   of the fields ends up creating physical symptoms [the "body terror"
   mentioned by people like Whitley Strieber]. The field around them is in
   direct opposition to ours. It is an ANTI-LIFE field, as these specific
   species are on a devolu-ionary spiral. They are akin to soldiers of
   fortune, and offer their advanced technology in trade for things they
   require. They are experts at manipulation of both the human body
   [through manipulation of the fields] and the human mind. They
   require b-ood and other biological fluids to survive.
   They abduct humans and animals in order to acquire these fluids. They
   implant small devices near the brain which potentially gives them total
   control and monitoring capability. These devices are very difficult to
   detect.
   The analysis of the devices by technical staff has produced a
   description that involves use of crystalline technology combined
   with molecular circuitry and these ride on the resonant emissions of
   the brain and the various fields of the human. Information is entrained
   on the brain waves. It appears that all attempts to remove the implants
   [1972] have resulted in the death of the human...
   (This is usually due in part to the fact that the implants are attached
   to major nerve centers, and once attached the nerve tissues grow in and
   around the implant essentially making the implant a PART of the nervous
   system.
   When relatively unsophisticated medical procedures are used in


20110519-Extraterrestrials. Part 5.-621.html[12/03/2022 10:27:25]
Extraterrestrials. Part 5.

   an attempt to remove the implants, major nerve centers are damaged
   as a result, causing severe injury or even d-ath. - Branton
   Various descriptions of the ALF's relate the following characteristics:
   Between 3 to 3 1/2 feet in height, erect standing biped, small thin build,
   head larger than humans, absence of auditory lobes [external], absence
   of body hair, large tear-shaped eyes [slanted proximately 35 degrees]
   which are opaque black with vertical slit pupils, arms resembling praying
   mantis [normal attitude] which each to the knees, long hands with small
   palm, claw-like fingers [various number of digits -- often two short digits
   and two long, but some species have three or four fingers], tough gray
   skin which is reptilian in texture, small feet with four small claw-like
   toes, organs that are similar to human organs but have obviously
   developed according to a different [mutational] process; a non-functioning
   digestive system; two separate brains; movement is deliberate, slow
   and precise; alien subsistence requires that they must have human
   bl-od and other biological substances to survive. (Other indications
   suggest that originally they did not require human blo-d, but once
   having used human bloo- for this purpose they have since acquired a
   racial addiction to this vital substance. This goes far beyond just mere
   physical hunger, since the Grays/Reptiloids tend to feed off the human
   life-energies resident within human blood plasma, in what may be
   considered a vampirial type of hunger for human vital fluids. - Branton).
   In extreme circumstances they can subsist on other [cattle] animal
   fluids.
   Food is converted to energy by chlorophyll by a photosynthetic process
   [this supports results gained from autopsies at 29 Palms underground
   base where it was seen that their -lood was greenish and the tissue was
   black]. Waste products are secreted through the skin. The two separate
   brains are separated by mid-cranial lateral bone [anterior and posterior
   brain]. There is no apparent connection between the two. Some autopsies
   have revealed a crystalline network which is thought to have a function
   in t-lepathic [and other] functions which help to maintain the
   group-consciousness between members of the same species.
   Functions of group consciousness in this species does have a disadvantage
   in that decisions in this species come rather slowly as the matter at
   hand filters through the group awareness to those who must make a
   decision...
                                                              MORE ON THE GREYS
   The Greys are primarily situated as 4th density beings, although
   there are a small number that are 3rd and 6th density. To 3rd density
   humans they appear cold, cruel and heartless. They are, in fact,
   extremely curious about all aspects of existence, highly analytical
   and devoid of sentimentality. They can experience emotional
   manifestations radiated from the terrestrial 3rd density human, and use
   this ability generally as a mood-elevator. The Greys manipulate humans
   in order to create situations of conflict or extreme pain and emotion to
   acquire these sensations. They are, in effect, sensation junkies. The
   Greys have the ability to pick out our emotions, thoughts and
   experiences. For them, this is the closest they can come to experiencing
   feeling. To those beings who have some form of ethical conduct, the
   Greys appear psychotic and degrading. They are masters of
   mind-control and mental implantation technique.
   Their physical attributes reflect their psychotic s-uls - we could easily
   consider them to have anti-social attributes as well as tendencies
   toward megalomania and schizophrenia. They have been described by
   some as being absolutely mad. To make matters worse, they are
   performing other actions with terrestrial humans that are quite
   perverse. The Greys are playing a game with us that depends heavily
   on maintaining a situation where humans view themselves as limited,
   fatalistic beings with no control over their own destiny. They continually
   manipulate humans that is playing the domination/control game.
                                                                ALIEN TYPE The Greys.
   Of this type there are several sub-types. All tend to appear greyish in
   color
   and for this reason are referred to as "greys.
                                                                      GREY TYPE A:
   This is the type most commonly referred to as the greys. Also known as
   Zeta Reticuli from the Zeta Reticulan star system (the Bernard star)
   neighboring the Orion area. They function in a mode that is apparently
   mili-ary in nature with a rigidly defined social structure that holds
   science
   and "conquering worlds" to be the prime movers. They are normally
   about 4.5 ft tall with large heads and bl-ck "wrap around" eyes. They
   have limited facial features, slit mouth and no nose to speak of. They
   have evol-ed beyond the need for reproductive systems or digestive


20110519-Extraterrestrials. Part 5.-621.html[12/03/2022 10:27:25]
Extraterrestrials. Part 5.

   systems and reproduce by cloning.
   Their genetics are partly based on insectoidal genetics.
   Their science deals largely with the study of other life forms and genetic
   engineering. They have supposedly had a part to play in the alteration
   of human genetics over thousands of years. It seems that they may be
   trying to cross breed with humans in order to create a "mixture race"
   that would be better than either. (I've read that they are a d-ing species,
   that have cloned so much that now, with each successive cloning, the
   species grows weaker. They are trying to infuse new life into their
   species by creating the mixed breed.) There seem to be two main social
   classes. One is the more hawkish and is more abrupt, crude and blunt.
   The more dove-like ones are more refined and capable of a more
   business-like behavior towards humans, and prefer to use more "diplo
   http://www.angelfire.com/wizard/wizardfl/bodyAlienBLUR.jpg
   matic" behavior to gain control over human's. This type of Grey is what
   I believe is being referred to as the "Orange" class of Greys. They seem
   to be emotionless (by human standards) and therefore are seen as cruel
   in their treatment of human beings. They are able to take human lives
   without any regard for that individual. They apparently can use certain
   substances of the human body for their sustenance and therefore appear
   to be carnivorous in regards to humans. (I also read that they extract
   fluid from some part of the human brain during intense emotional
   response [fear] and are able to use it like a recreational d-ug.) It is my
   understanding that these greys are actually servants to a master r-ce
   of reptilian-type aliens and are trying to prepare the earth for their
   arrival by gaining control over the earth through many means. They tend
   to enjoy the feeling of freedom they have on earth, away from their
   ma-ters and would desire the help of humans in confrontations with the
   reptilians...which appears to be a consideration for the near future.
   Part 5.
   John Winston.             johnfw@mlode.com


20110519-Extraterrestrials. Part 5.-621.html[12/03/2022 10:27:25]
