{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T09:16:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31153, "source_ctime_ns": 1790706112542349967, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110507-Disclosure.-60207.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790706112515815241, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110507-Disclosure.-60207.pdf", "source_sha256": "922c07bd7731b1b317198e36cd06f182d7f318ac5d77db818f966e3e0d30bafa"}

Aboard An Alien Spacecraft.


  Subject: Aboard An Alien Spacecraft.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 06/05/2011, 06:37
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Aboard An Alien Spacecraft.
  May 5, 2011.
    Here is some information from a person who claims to have gone
  aboard an alien spacecraft.
  ........................................................
  ........................................................
  RAYMOND SHEARER, MADISON, WISCONSIN - FINAL
  http://thechurchofufology.blogspot.com/2011/04/raymond-shearer-madison-wisconsin-final.html
  On my previous blog "UFO EXPERIENCES" I posted Raymond Shearer's
  contact case. I never read the comment after it so I decided to post it
  again. Some of you will remember it but the newer persons probably never
  heard of him before.
  RAYMOND SHEARER - FINAL
  What are you doing now?
  He has placed his hand on my shoulder and he's looking up at me. He's
  asking me to go inside the ship with him and look around. We're walking
  toward it, but the person who is standing by it looks angry. He is talking
  to the captain. I think the other one wants me to stay outside. The captain
  says something to him, the other one understands, and steps aside.
  We are going up the ladder. I am shaking because it is so cold. The craft
  is bigger on the inside than I thought. I'm standing in a circular room and
  he is pointing out things to me. He asks me to stand before a screen-like
  device. He turns it on and there isn't anything happening. He hands me a
  rod, about six inches long, and there's a cable on the end of it. I hold it
  and he is explaining that they are taking my picture through the screen.
  The rod is recording my body temperature, brain waves, weight, height,
  and a lot of other things about me.
  Other data mentioned in the tapes includes:
  Inside the saucer: Shearer felt uncomfortable inside the craft. "It was
  cold in there and I don't know why," he said. "I didn't feel right while I
  was there because everything was different. I also knew that if I did
  something wrong they might k-ll me." He reported that the presence
  of the beings was not frightening, "because they seemed like pretty
  nice people."
  His feelings of apprehension came from the unusual surroundings.
  "There was something funny about that ship," he continued under
  hypnosis."
  Although the floor was metal, I couldn't feel or hear any sound of my
  feet when I walked around. This sort of made me feel like the ship
  was a g-ost or something like that. But it was definitely metal."
  There were no bunks, or beds, evident on the craft. "There were a lot
  of machines that might have been computers," Shearer said, "only
  they didn't have the looks of our computers. The captain showed me
  a little metal thing. He said they shoved that in one of the machines
  and it guided them back to where they came from. * There was a
  bunch of chairs, some desks, and they were made out of the same metal."
  There were no portholes, windows, or openings in the craft. "I asked about
  that and was told they used the screen to see outside," said Shearer. "No,
  he didn't show me how it worked."
  Appearance of the beings: The crewmen were approximately five to
  five-and-a-half feet tall, weighing approximately 125 to 140 pounds. Shearer
  was unable to get a clear view of their bodies, due to their uniforms.
  "I would say they were in good physical condition," he said, "equal to
  our own astronauts."
  Their faces were elongated and had a flattened appearance. "This
  could have been the helmets they wore," Shearer admitted.


20110507-Disclosure.-60207.html[12/03/2022 10:27:17]
Aboard An Alien Spacecraft.

  Their eyes were slightly slanted and their eyebrows were thin, light in
  color, and slanted slightly upward over heavy lidded eyes. Their lips
  were thin, almost the same color as the facial skin. "The best
  description I can give you of them is to look in the books on old Egypt,"
  Shearer said recently. "Some pictures of the old Egyptian g-ds have a
  distinct likeness to these people. But the Egyptian statues are darker
  in complexion than these people."
  UFO Propulsion: "They use a type of device that overcomes gravity,"
  Shearer said during a hypnotic trance. "This is a push-pull thing,
  depending on how they see it."
  He explained that the device could be set to use the power of
  gravity in a pushing effect. "Under this setting, they use the gravity
  of our Earth to push them out into space. When they are free of
  our gravity field, they reverse the process and lock in on another
  planet. Then, they are pulled toward that. This is done automatically
  by the machines. Unless there is trouble, they don't have to touch
  the controls."
  When they are on a particular planet, such as Earth, they depend
  on an electromagnetic drive to power their craft. "I asked how this
  worked, but I didn't understand the answer," Shearer said. "It was
  confusing. But he did say that our people were getting close to
  perfecting a similar device." (That was over 35 years ago - we must
  have it by now!)
  Do they use at-mic energy? "He answered that it was not suitable
  for space flight," Shearer recalled. "This might be because of a
  reactor being enclosed in the ship. There were 'dangers' the captain
  said, in being out in space with these types of engines. They had tried
  them a long time past -- lost many people -- and hunted for something
  else to power their ships."
  What do they use for power on their home planet?: "He said they used
  an extract from water," Shearer explained. "this is a method of breaking
  down water to its ultimate form of matter. He said water is a very
  powerful form of energy. Our scientists should be working to crack
  the energy in water."
  What do they want?: Shearer was told that there are several types of
  space people visiting our planet. "We are not one of the watchers,"
  said the ufonaut. There are others who visit here more than us. They
  are more familiar with your world and your people."
  What is the reason for these visits? "In his case it was apparently a
  scientific expedition to determine the physical characteristics of our
  planet," Shearer related. "He didn't seem to know much about why he
  was here. It was more as if he was a mi-itary person working under
  orders."
  Shearer was told that our people were extremely hostile to visitors.
  "When the captain said this, he was smiling," Shearer recalled. "He
  wasn't mad or anything like that. He reported that some other crews
  had some difficult times when they landed here. They had lost people
  in the past when humans caught them. I had the feeling that this was
  a long time ago, possibly not even in this century."
  Brain implantation: As the other ufonauts returned to the ship, the
  captain asked Shearer to put a cone-shaped device on his head. "I
  didn't want to do it," Shearer said, "but I didn't have a choice. He
  said if I would put it on, it would give me great knowledge about them,
  their world, and the universe."
  The cone was placed on the attorney's head. One of the ufonauts
  snapped a cord to the device. "I started whimpering; it felt as if
  my brain was being scrambled," Shearer stated. "It was the most
  painful thing I ever experienced. I started to tear the cone off my
  head, but they stopped me. They held my arms. When the pressure
  inside my brain stopped, they removed the cone from my head."
  The ufonauts squeezed his arm in an apparent sign of farewell. "The
  captain then escorted me down the ladder," Shearer said. "Coming
  outside, my body tingled as if from electricity. When we got to my
  car, the captain asked me to remain inside until they took off. He
  squeezed my shoulder again and said we would meet in the future."
  Shearer asked for a momento of the meeting.
  The captain shook his head. "He didn't say anything after that. He


20110507-Disclosure.-60207.html[12/03/2022 10:27:17]
Aboard An Alien Spacecraft.

  returned to the ship, the ladder retracted, and a buzzing, whirring
  noise started as the lights flickered. Seconds later, the ship took
  off in a diagonal climb. It disappeared in about 30 seconds."
  Shearer started his car engine and the lights and radio worked again.
  He turned his car around on the narrow marshland road and drove
  home.
  Immediately after his contact, attorney Shearer became obsessed
  with po-itics and considered running for p-litical office. "Looking
  back, I would have liked to be in C-ngress," he said recently. "I still
  toy with the idea of running for a state office, then go on from there.
  I didn't do so in this past election. I am afraid they implanted something
  into my brain. I may be their agent, my program being to run for a
  poli-ical office."
  How many p-licemen, judges, and lawmakers are now agents?: "That
  question keeps me awake at night," answered Raymond Shearer quietly.
  "There is unusual interest by UFOs in law enfor-ement officials."
  "I know now that it was real," Raymond Shearer said convincingly. "I felt
  the metal on that ladder. These people are real because they squeezed
  me on the arm. I believe that someday, somewhere, we will meet again.
  ___________
  * When I worked at the Boe-ng Airplane Company in Flight Test each
  airplane had a CD for their destination. They would insert it before taking
  off and it would automatically fly the plane to its destination. There was
  a CD for each place they wished to go.
  In these old cases we see different aspects that we now have but back
  then it was like science fiction to the witness. We are progressing,
  however slow it might be in comparison.
  posted by Aileen @ 8:02 AM
  1 Comments:
  Part 1.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110507-Disclosure.-60207.html[12/03/2022 10:27:17]
