{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T10:48:59Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 28710, "source_ctime_ns": 1790765223156116175, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110504-Latest-From-S.-N.-580-5085350f8d.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790765223141315980, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110504-Latest-From-S.-N.-580-5085350f8d.pdf", "source_sha256": "c76f11986d2a2ac6af6ac33c62461560774c8593c58cad28b43c0eec0dde3cdc"}

Latest From S. N.


  Subject: Latest From S. N.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 04/05/2011, 16:35
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Latest From S. N.
  April 4, 2011.
    Please forgive me for telling you what Sheldan is still trying to do.
  I know he has been at this for a long but I still think he is trying to do
  the best he can.
  .............................................................
  .............................................................
  Where have we heard this before?
  Ja-is
  Update by Sheldan N-dle for the S-iritual Hierarchy May 3, 2011
  Update by Sheldan Ni-le for the Spi-itual Hierarchy and the Galactic
  Federation
  2 Akbal, 1 Moan, 7 Ik
  Selamat Jarin!
   We return! Much is happening! The Ascended Masters are
  working on finalizing the prosperity payouts. These payments are to
  commence shortly. Saint Germaine is having his World Trust finish up the
  accounting and disbursement of your prosperity funds even as we now
  speak to you. Further, our Earth allies are in a position of power
  regarding several of the required g-vernment changes. What remains to be
  done is for the leftover custodial tasks to be fully completed. With
  these done, our Earth allies can quickly implement the new financial
  system. This new system is to be based upon a sound number of selected
  hard currencies that are already in place at several designated
  depositories and ready to be distributed globally. The activation of
  this system depends on the prosperity payouts and Saint Germaine is
  currently seeing to it that these funds are released. These funds form
  the legal underpinning of the various scenarios that our Earth allies
  have in place. We also expect Disclosure to be announced by your new
  leadership no later than the start of summer in the Northern Hemisphere.
         The new gove-nments are to come to power with several common
  objectives. The first is to begin a complete reform of govern-ent. The
  former masters of your world were given to corruption, lies, and
  outright deceit. The countering steps are to abolish polit-cal parties
  and open up gove-nment to the general public. This is where we need
  your active support rather than mere lip service. We intend to ask you
  to learn about fluid group dynamics and to apply it to this cause.
  Rebuilding your governme-ts requires an active relationship between
  citizens and their representatives. This can be the first goal of your
  new reality in which all of you can have a hand. It is an opportunity
  for you as a collective to forge an intermediary between the present
  types of gov-rnance and a fully functioning galactic society. The
  coming times are truly about contact with your spiri-ual and space
  families and the wondrous ride to full consciousness. This process is
  behind all that is now beginning to happen around you.
         We the Ascended Masters of Mother Earth salute you, dear Brothers
  and Sisters! We come to inform you that the next brief period of your
  history is to be marked by the distribution of many different prosperity
  funds. These monies are being given to a variety of specially selected
  individuals who had the foresight to participate in programs conceived
  by us and administrated by individuals chosen at random by a number of
  secret societies dedicated to the Light. These programs, as they pay out
  to these selected individuals, have a d-vine purpose behind them. These
  monies are first of all being given to start a chain of events which
  create a legion of organizations focused on bringing to humanity the
  s-cred message of H-aven. You are going to be returning to full
  consciousness. We have been instructing various Light-Workers on how to
  employ these funds to convey Hea-ens desires to you. Our deepest wish
  is for these changes in your world to happen easily and swiftly!
             As we have stated, the Di-ine Will of He-ven has decreed that your


20110504-Latest From S. N.-580.html[12/03/2022 10:26:16]
Latest From S. N.

  present reality collective be altered to a fully conscious one. This
  implies that those who now "control" you need to let go, and we have set
  up the framework to bring this about. We have received the necessary
  dispensation from Earth's hea-enly tribunals to use our abilities to
  remove these dark ones from power. This is to be done once the funds,
  now held by our Brother St. Germaine, are primed and then released by
  him. Long ago, we all agreed that indeed a time would come when an A-e
  of Light was to appear again on Earth. This is that time! We are
  therefore prepared to do all that is necessary for your success! We have
  instructed many Light-Workers on these matters. The time comes for many
  of these same Light-Workers to reveal what we have been telling them.
  We are committed to the victory of the Light! This triumph is here! We
  stand with our allies in the Light and welcome them all in joy!
         We the Galactic Federation stand, as well, with the s-cred edicts
  of Heav-n! The Ascended Masters of Earth are fully dedicated to your
  return to full consciousness. Our fleet has worked with these amazing
  So-uls since we first came here over two decades ago. The present
  scenarios for contact were originally conceived by them and immediately
  adopted by us. We have been in contact with your gove-nments in one
  form or another since the late 1940s. These numerous exchanges until
  recently were largely ceremonial in nature and quite unproductive. Now
  we have their full attention. They listen closely and are quick to
  comment officially on what we offer them. Our intent is to follow the
  excellent lead of your Ascended Masters, and it is within this context
  that our Liaisons and Ambassadors are offering a means by which to
  effect go-ernment transition and a new politic-l reality. We expect
  this new situation to manifest swiftly! The time for your destined
  freedom has arrived!
         As you can see, much is transpiring to forge a new world for you.
  We expect you to participate in this process. Many of you have been
  privy to our messages for a while, and we wish a favor from you. Use
  your knowledge along with your innate and learned abilities to make
  your communities aware of what is going on around them. Come together
  to form a group. This can be either one or two, or many. Use the
  like-minded among you to create programs which bring these subjects to
  your community's attention. Here, 'community' can refer to a town or
  city, or even a much larger area. Whatever the case, be creative. Start
  by simply doing a service for the community, and then use this as a
  starting forum for the information you wish your community member, be
  creative. An art display or brief video can be very effective. The key
  is to express your joy!
         The recent headway made toward transformation, dear ones, has got
  to a point where it requires you to come together and help each other.
  Each of you has some knowledge of how you are to morph into galactic
  humans. Share this with each other. Create a milieu conducive to
  talking about these subjects openly and freely. It is one thing to hear
  this information coming out of a television set, but it is quite
  another to hear it with the Love and caring that emanates from someone
  you know. There is no substitute for the personal touch, of hearing it
  from a friend or neighbor. We intend for this sacr-d transition to full
  consciousness to be filled with a touch of the Di-ine! This work is a
  sac-ed task. It is one that began nearly 13 millennia ago and we are now
  doing what is needed to bring He-ven back to you all. We are your
  Ascended Masters!
         Today, we explained to you how close you are to your long-sought
  victory! The Ascended Masters (such as Count St. Germaine, Hilarion, and
  Paul the Venetian) are completing sacr-d tasks that are to ensure your
  freedom and prosperity. The time is upon you for celebration, and for
  the requisite for you to take on a whole new level of personal and
  collective responsibilities. Know, dear Ones, that the countless Supply
  and never-ending Prosperity of Hea-en are indeed Yours! So Be It!
  Selamat Jarin! Selamat Ja! (Sirian for Be One and Be in Joy!)
  Planetary Activation Organization | Mailing Address: P. O. Box 4975, El
  Dorado Hills, California 95762 USA
  Voicemail: 808-573-3110 | E-mail: info@paoweb.com | Website address:
  www.paoweb.com
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110504-Latest From S. N.-580.html[12/03/2022 10:26:16]
