{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T08:57:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30939, "source_ctime_ns": 1790700953896120484, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110328-How-Did-We-Get-Here_-Part-7.-491.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790700953890870609, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110328-How-Did-We-Get-Here_-Part-7.-491.pdf", "source_sha256": "7d02af567a94c34d100b555803335215fc8f8e12a7aed8ac041a1651dbbf2d05"}

How Did We Get Here? Part 7.


  Subject: How Did We Get Here? Part 7.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 28/03/2011, 15:14
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: How We Got Here.               Part 7.                         Mar.
  27, 2011.
     This talks about the size of the planet called Hoova.
  ......................................................
  ......................................................
  Many of these `A-yans' and others escaped to Earth at the time
  of the destruction of Maldek, during the earliest phases of the Galactic
  or Luciferian wa-s. Their memories are very strong with regard to what
  happened there, and indeed the planet Aldebran which is destroyed by the
  Death Star of the Dark Side in the original Star Wars film, is an
  archetype of this planet Maldek. So it is with Solara's memories in
  her book, El: Ra: The Healing of Orion:
     "Maybe she could liberate some of the small planets they had
  invaded if they were willing to join the fight against the OMNI. Too bad
  that AAlar-dar wouldn't join his forces with hers, surely
  overthrowing the Dark L-rds would be serving good. Maybe when he saw her
  strength and power, he would bring the Intergalactic Confederation to
  help. But, she knew that she couldn't count on him. Besides, there
  was always the possibility that he would try to stop her.
     "Kurtala's mind was made up. She vowed to destroy the OMNI,
  whatever it took. Even if she now had two formidable opponents, both
  AAla-dar and the Dark Lo-ds, she was not frightened. Rushing from her
  quarters, she made haste to prepare for the horrible times to come.
  "And thus the stage was set for the intergalactic wa-s."
  The Aldebarans or Ar-ans have played a significant role in the troubles
  here on this planet. They were a small minority of people who escaped to
  the planet and unduly influenced others to accept their beliefs and the
  memories of their home planet and what took place there. The translation
  of the stories they told were taken at face value as a lesson in ra-e
  mixing, when, as it has been correctly said, there was no ra-ism on
  their home planet between the two different r-ces. At a time of a
  desired mixing of -aces on this planet, their stories were something
  that influenced other ra-es such as the Hebrew or Hoovid ra-e which came
  from the Twenty-Four Civilizations, and convinced them not to
  interbreed.
  This was a devastating blow to the original plans for this experiment on
  planet Earth. Its success rested on mixing the best of all the rac-s to
  form one new and even more superior ra-e, balanced in all or many of its
  aspects by a deep love of its heritage from the many r-ces from which it
  had been formed. As this was the first time this experiment of mixing so
  many bl-ods together had been attempted, the interference of other alien
  Beings on the planet at the time was unfortunate. In a Universe based on
  Free Will, however, it was also unavoidable. It was "a monkey
  wrench" thrown into the works which eventually jammed up the gears
  of the overall experiment.
  The Aldebarans or Ary-ns were known particularly for their intellectual
  ability. Unfortunately they also brought with them this piece of their
  history which has now formed an archetype within people heavily
  influenced by their bl-odline. This characteristic of the Ary-ns is what
  has created much of the anxiety centered on the separation of the ra-es
  that has plagued nations such as Australia, the U-ited States, Canada,
  Great Britain, and certainly South Africa, almost since their inception.
  Most of all it has brought itself forward in the teachings of the
  Teutonic ra-e and eventually caused the slaughter of many millions when
  the archetype was successfully used by Hi-ler as an appeal to rac-a-l
  purity, and a reason to destroy the J-ws, as well as many others.
  The Je-ish Branch
  It must be remembered here that when the Nine speak of
  `civilizations' they are speaking also of levels of
  consciousness. Any particular group of people or Beings will have a


20110328-How Did We Get Here_ Part 7.-491.html[12/03/2022 10:25:58]
How Did We Get Here? Part 7.

  certain group consciousness formed by the simple communal linking of
  their thoughts. This is because we are all connected together as a small
  individual piece of that much greater entity known as S-ul. This is the
  origin of the Native American saying, `We are all Brothers' or
  "we are all one".
  Any school class will have a certain group consciousness. So will any
  city, or even suburb of that city. Any state will also have a certain
  group consciousness, any country, and certainly any planet. This is the
  generalized consciousness of the people themselves as the group who
  inhabit a certain planet such as Earth. It should not be confused with
  the consciousness of the planet itself, which on Earth is known as
  `Gaia'.
  This consciousness will usually manifest itself in a predilection for
  certain abilities associated with the mind or the emotions, and will
  therefore give rise to certain abilities in the fields of science, the
  creative arts, music, or even physical prowess.
  As well as existing at different dimensional levels in the Universe,
  each of the Twenty-Four civilizations also has a different level of
  consciousness. All are not perfect, all are still ev-lving in their own
  way, and many have difficulties of their own to deal with, although none
  quite as bad as those we have here on Earth. We have, indeed, inherited
  the problems of the Universe along with becoming a genetic melting-pot.
  As such, we have also become a central focus for the h-aling of the
  Universe - a microcosm for the larger macrocosm. We not only have all
  the positive attributes of all of our interplanetary parents, but also
  all the negative ones. Thus, truly, we are the microcosm of all.
  "In the beginning, all civilizations were equal. Yet each of them
  worked primarily with different levels and in different arenas, and the
  civilization in the level that was most influential became the most
  predominant civilization," say the Nine.
  Humans `abducted' by aliens will often mention seeing the
  various ra-es of aliens working together onboard ships where they are
  taken. These various aliens don't always seem happy about the fact
  of working together- but at least they are co-operating on things. It is
  much like a group of nations operating together here on Earth, each one
  wanting to participate, yet each one wanting to retain its own
  sovereignty and individuality as well. Again it is a predicament of
  self-will versus higher will.
  The planetary civilization known as Hoova is the one that brought forth
  the nation of the He-rews. They were one of the original civilizations
  that seeded planet Earth in very ancient times, and therefore rightfully
  can be referred to as `the chosen people' in one small
  unimportant sense. Others came too, but Hoova re-seeded the planet Earth
  on three separate occasions, hence the relative importance of the
  Heb-ews to Earth's history. The last time they came to the planet
  Earth for this, according to the Nine, was in the time of Sumer.
  Hoova itself is a planet 16,000 times the size of planet Earth. It has a
  population of only approximately five million inhabitants. This means
  that family and group ties are very important there because of the
  sparseness of their populated areas. Comparatively, Altea, another one
  of the planets inhabited by a member of the Twenty-Four Civilizations,
  is only 52 times larger than Earth. Because of the different speed of
  time in the finer vibration in which Hoova exists, a Hoovid would live
  approximately one million of our Earth years.
  The Hoovids are a smaller r-ce, with dark skin, and usually straight
  dark hair. While Hoovids have vocal ability such as we do here on Earth,
  Alteans on the other hand do not have vocal chords, but rely rather on
  te-epathic abilities to communicate much as was previously discussed
  about the Pleiadeans.
  In terms of the se-es, Hoovids have what is known as a tri-polarity
  gender similar to what one might think of as the male/female/neutral
  blend inherent in the FATHER. Alteans are of two polarities, blended in
  togetherness. Hence we have the uniqueness of the s-xual reproduction
  and mating customs of Earthlings, and of the great desire to reunite the
  two. This desire for physical union can even cause an unbalanced state
  in Beings from other planets and dimensions coming to the planet much
  like it does with the people already here.
  Gregg Braden refers to this and its effect on what is happening with the
  current planetary changes:
       ". . Even as seeds, many have become "lost" in the density


20110328-How Did We Get Here_ Part 7.-491.html[12/03/2022 10:25:58]
How Did We Get Here? Part 7.

  of the earth experience and are just developing a new sense of identity.
  As the memory returns, the constructs of their lives may appear to make
  less sense; careers, relationships and even commitments made prior to
  the wake up, may not feel harmonious with the codes being activated from
  within; the patterns simply will no longer "fit." For those
  individuals, their path will lead them through the doorway of experience
  that brings them to the threshold of resolving those feelings, facing
  the fears and coming to terms with the emotion of what has come to pass.
  Even now they are preparing, and being prepared for, The Rapture."
  The Nine say that the Hoovids, and thus the -ews, have been great
  civilization builders, and were chosen to seed Earth for their knowledge
  and seed-influence on civilization. Ancient Babylonia and Baghdad were
  Jew-sh outposts. They also had a great influence on the Greek and Roman
  civilizations, as well as on Islam through the Diaspora, and then upon
  the rest of the world. J-wish people are descended from the original
  Aksu line of star seeds.
  Part 7.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20110328-How Did We Get Here_ Part 7.-491.html[12/03/2022 10:25:58]
