{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T09:57:06Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30472, "source_ctime_ns": 1790706971887736508, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110428-The-Lucifer-Rebellion.-565-25b9a9cd01.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790706971865923940, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110428-The-Lucifer-Rebellion.-565-25b9a9cd01.pdf", "source_sha256": "6de628258c50e347691affdb52b4b73b110acded91045bce3d6499db8ac7a60f"}

The Lucifer Rebellion.


  Subject: The Lucifer Rebellion.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 28/04/2011, 06:02
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Lucifer Rebellion.
  April 27, 2011.
      First of all let me tell you about Ralph Squire moving
  ................................
  Ralph Has Moved.
  Ralph is having a meeting at a different place.
  ...........
  Our next Columbia meeting will be on Saturday, May 7th, beginning at
  10:00 am.
  We will read Paper 67 of the Urantia Book. Bring a brown bagger to
  enjoy during our noonish break. After lunch, we will have dowsing
  exercises. If you have copies of the UB and/or Letter To Robin, and a
  pendulum, bring them. I have spares.
  I have moved. Do NOT go to the house where we have been meeting for so
  long!
  I now live at 11545 Yankee Hill Rd, still within Marble Quarry RV Park,
  but it is the smaller mobile home above the swimming pool. Seating
  capacity is a little less, therefore, I request that you reply, to let me
  know if you are coming.
  I will confirm the seating for the first twenty (20) persons responding.
  Parking is another matter. There should be enough places to park, but
  they will be scattered. Therefore, I request that you stop at the park's
  office, to be assigned a place where you can park, without causing
  problems. Thank You!
  ............................
  ...................
      This is paper 67 of the Urantia Book.
  ......................................................................
  ......................................................................
  Paper 67
  The Planetary Rebellion
  ppg (754.1) 67:0.1
  THE problems associated with human existence on Urantia are impossible of
  understanding without a knowledge of certain great epochs of the past,
  notably the occurrence and consequences of the planetary rebellion. Although
  this upheaval did not seriously interfere with the progress of organic
  e-olution,
  it did markedly modify the course of social ev-lution and of s-iritual
  development.
  The entire superphysical history of the planet was profoundly influenced by
  this
  devastating calamity.
  1. The Caligastia Betrayal
  ppg (754.2)67:1.
  For three hundred thousand years Caligastia had been in charge of Urantia
  when Satan, Lucifer's assistant, made one of his periodic inspection calls.
  And when Satan arrived on the planet, his appearance in no way resembled
  your caricatures of his nefarious majesty. He was, and still is, a
  Lanonandek
  Son of great brilliance. And no marvel, for Satan himself is a brilliant
  creature of light.
  In the course of this inspection Satan informed Caligastia of Lucifer's
  then proposed Declaration of Liberty, and as we now know, the Prince
  agreed to betray the planet upon the announcement of the rebellion. The
  loyal universe personalities look with peculiar disdain upon Prince
  Caligastia
  because of this premeditated betrayal of trust. The Creator Son voiced this
  contempt when he said: You are like your leader, Lucifer, and you have
  sinfully perpetuated his iniquity. He was a falsifier from the beginning of
  his self-exaltation because he abode not in the truth.


20110428-The Lucifer Rebellion.-565.html[12/03/2022 10:26:13]
The Lucifer Rebellion.

  In all the administrative work of a local universe no high trust is deemed
  more
  s-cred than that reposed in a Planetary Prince who assumes responsibility
  for
  the welfare and guidance of the ev-lving mortals on a newly inhabited world.
  And of all forms of e-il, none are more destructive of personality status
  than
  betrayal of trust and disloyalty to one's confiding friends. In committing
  this
  deliberate s-n, Caligastia so completely distorted his personality that his
  mind
  has never since been able fully to regain its equilibrium.
  There are many ways of looking at si-, but from the universe philosophic
  viewpoint sin is the attitude of a personality who is knowingly resisting
  cosmic
  reality.
  Error might be regarded as a misconception or distortion of reality.
  Evi- is a partial realization of, or maladjustment to, universe realities.
  But -in
  is a purposeful resistance to di-ine reality a conscious choosing to oppose
  spi-itual progress while iniquity consists in an open and persistent
  defiance
  of recognized reality and signifies such a degree of personality
  disintegration
  as to border on cosmic insanity.
  Error suggests lack of intellectual keenness; e-il, deficiency of
  wisdom; -in,
  abject spi-itual poverty; but iniquity is indicative of vanishing
  personality
  control.
  And when si- has so many times been chosen and so often been repeated, it
  may become habitual. Habitual si-ners can easily become iniquitous, become
  wholehearted rebels against the universe and all of its div-ne realities.
  While all
  manner of -ins may be forgiven, we doubt whether the established iniquiter
  would
  ever sincerely experience sorrow for his misdeeds or accept forgiveness for
  his
  si-s.
  2. The Outbreak of Rebellion
  Shortly after Satan's inspection and when the planetary administration
  was on the eve of the realization of great things on Urantia, one day,
  midwinter of the northern continents, Caligastia held a prolonged
  conference with his associate, Daligastia, after which the latter called
  the ten councils of Urantia in session extraordinary. This assembly was
  opened with the statement that Prince Caligastia was about to proclaim
  himself absolute sovereign of Urantia and demanded that all administrative
  groups abdicate by resigning all of their functions and powers into the
  hands of Daligastia as trustee, pending the reorganization of the planetary
  go-ernment and the subsequent redistribution of these offices of
  administrative authority.
  The presentation of this astounding demand was followed by the masterly
  appeal of Van, chairman of the supreme council of co-ordination. This
  distinguished administrator and able jurist branded the proposed course of
  Caligastia as an act bordering on planetary rebellion and appealed to his
  conferees to abstain from all participation until an appeal could be taken
  to Lucifer, the System Sovereign of Satania; and he won the support of
  the entire staff.
  Accordingly, appeal was taken to Jerusem, and forthwith came back the
  orders designating Caligastia as supreme sovereign on Urantia and
  commanding absolute and unquestioning allegiance to his mandates. And
  it was in reply to this amazing message that the noble Van made his
  memorable address of seven hours length in which he formally drew his
  indictment of Daligastia, Caligastia, and Lucifer as standing in contempt
  of the sovereignty of the universe of Nebadon; and he appealed to the Most
  Highs of Edentia for support and confirmation.
  Meantime the system circuits had been severed; Urantia was isolated.
  Every group of celestial life on the planet found itself suddenly and
  without
  warning isolated, utterly cut off from all outside counsel and advice.
  Daligastia formally proclaimed Caligastia G-d of Urantia and supreme over
  all.
  With this proclamation before them, the issues were clearly drawn; and
  each group drew off by itself and began deliberations, discussions destined
  eventually to determine the fate of every superhuman personality on the
  planet.
  Seraphim and cherubim and other celestial beings were involved in the
  decisions of this bitter struggle, this long and si-ful conflict. Many
  superhuman groups that chanced to be on Urantia at the time of its
  isolation were detained here and, like the seraphim and their associates,
  were compelled to choose between -in and righteousness between the


20110428-The Lucifer Rebellion.-565.html[12/03/2022 10:26:13]
The Lucifer Rebellion.

  ways of Lucifer and the will of the unseen Father.
  For more than seven years this struggle continued. Not until every
  personality
  concerned had made a final decision, would or did the authorities of Edentia
  interfere or intervene. Not until then did Van and his loyal associates
  receive
  vindication and release from their prolonged anxiety and intolerable
  suspense.
  3. The Seven Crucial Years
  The outbreak of rebellion on Jerusem, the capital of Satania, was broadcast
  by the Melchizedek council. The emergency Melchizedeks were immediately
  dispatched to Jerusem, and Gabriel volunteered to act as the representative
  of the Creator Son, whose authority had been challenged. With this broadcast
  of the fact of rebellion in Satania the system was isolated, quarantined,
  from
  her sister systems. There was war in heaven, the headquarter spread to
  every planet in the local system.
  On Urantia forty members of the corporeal staff of one hundred (including
  Van) refused to join the insurrection. Many of the staff's human assistants
  (modified and otherwise) were also brave and noble defenders of Michael
  and his universe gov-rnment. There was a terrible loss of personalities
  among seraphim and cherubim. Almost one half of the administrator and
  transition seraphim assigned to the planet joined their leader and
  Daligastia in support of the cause of Lucifer. Forty thousand one hundred
  and nineteen of the primary midway creatures joined hands with Caligastia,
  but the remainder of these beings remained true to their trust.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20110428-The Lucifer Rebellion.-565.html[12/03/2022 10:26:13]
