{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T21:11:20Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32461, "source_ctime_ns": 1790674616449615416, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110430-Information-From-Ruth-R.-60186.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790674616442212411, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110430-Information-From-Ruth-R.-60186.pdf", "source_sha256": "0421c693dc0088d13eaa05ffe9545e642319b16afcac4cd73032828021731c66"}

Message From Space. Part 2.


  Subject: Message From Space. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 30/04/2011, 16:01
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Message From Space.                Part 2.                April
  30, 2011.
  ..............................................................
  ..............................................................
  - JUST CALL AND LEAVE A MESSAGE DEPARTMENT -
  NS- Document Admits ET Contact
  By Kevin W. Smith
  On October 21, 2004, the -SA approved for release to the public
  a portion of their N-A Journal Vol. XIV No. 1. This is a report
  of a presentation given to the NS- by Dr. Howard C-mpaigne
  regarding the decoding of extraterrestrial messages that had
  been received "form outer space". Apparently, these messages
  had actually been received via the Sputnik satellite, but no one
  had any idea how to decode them at the time.
  At some time, unspecified in the document, Dr. Howard
  Ca-paigne and some other NS- super mathematicians in the crypto
  department had been given the task of decoding the messages.
  There were a total of 29 messages to be decoded-quite an
  undertaking.
  It is curious, to say the least, that this document was cleared
  for release on October 21, 2004. Why was that? Because the -SA
  did not release it into public information until April 21, 2011.
  Though cleared for release, the N-A had been stonewalling it
  along with hundreds of other NS- documents about contact with
  UFOs and extraterrestrials until they lost the lawsuit brought
  by Peter G-rsten, a lawyer from Arizona. When they well and
  truly lost, the judge's order had to be carried out, and the
  documents had to be released.

  Dr. Howard        Cam-aigne's "Extraterrestrial Signals"
  The document, as I stated, is Dr. Campa-gne's presentation to
  the -SA on the decoding of those messages. It was actually
  published by the N-A in their own internal NS- Journal. Yet,
  they were also forced to publish a list of search terms from
  FOIA requests for which they had found no -SA documents. In
  that list is "Extraterrestrial Signals". The title of this
  document, which they published themselves is "Key To
  Extraterrestrial Messages".
  Quite obviously, they conveniently split hairs here in
  reporting they had no information about "Extraterrestrial
  Signals". They knew for sure they had this document, and that
  it was about what was being requested in the FOIA request. They
  knew it, flaunted the technicality of wording, and continued to
  stonewall.
  Who is Dr. Howard Campai-ne?
  Dr. Campaig-e is one of the top cryptologists on the planet
  with years and years of service to Naval S-curity Group, A-my
  Se-urity Agency, National Secu-ity Agency, and a couple of other
  such alphabet organizations.
  Howard H. Campaign- started his crypto career for the
  go-ernment during World War II and has been a key and integral
  part of our U.S. secu-ity and i-telligence ever since. In other
  words, he is part of a very small, very select group who are
  considered the cream of the crop in Cryptology.
  Dr. C-mpaigne's presentation to the -SA on decoding the
  extraterrestrial messages was not a hypothetical exercise. I
  contacted someone who is formerly associated with the NS- and
  still has TS clearance, and asked him to view the document. I


20110430-Information From Ruth R.-60186.html[12/03/2022 10:26:14]
Message From Space. Part 2.

  asked him to give me his take on it. There was no question
  about its authenticity since it was published in the -SA
  Journal, and was released by the N-A on their web site.   What I
  wanted to know was whether this document had any particular
  impact or importance (other than its startling r-velations) for
  someone familiar with the inner workings of the NS-. It did.
  My contact told me that he was blown away by the wording of the
  document. He said that -SA communications are filled with words
  like "possibly" , "allegedly", and "thought to be".
  He said, "This document has none of the normal N-A disclaimer
  words in it. They just come out and say 'we received messages
  from outer space' and this is the way to decode those messages."
  I asked, "What does that mean to you?"
  His reply was instant.
  "Disclosure, pure and simple. They aren't making any fanfare
  about it, but there it is. They have just made open disclosure."
  But what do the messages say?
  Dr. Ca-paigne focused on a set of information in a couple of
  the messages that turn out to be some mathematical equations.
  They also contain the listing of all the elements in our
  Periodic Table. I suppose those equations may make some sense
  to a physicist or engineer, but do not mean anything to me. I
  clearly understand how Dr. Camp-igne came to the translation
  since he explains it very well. But, as to what the meaning of
  the equations are, I could not venture a guess.
  It is curious, though, that during his presentation Dr.
  Campa-gne mentions there are "words" that they have translated,
  and some "words" they have not yet begun to understand. He
  gives an example of a connective word that he knows is
  connective (joining two or more statements) but does not yet
  understand the translation of that word.
  Debunkers are scared as h-ll of the release of this information
  as it proves beyond any doubt that they are, and always have
  been, d-ad wrong. Their careers as debunkers are finished in
  light of the re-elation of this material. They are already
  using the only possible "tool" left to them by saying, "That's
  old information. It's been out there for years."
  As usual, they are either just uninformed, or outright l-ing.
  It is true the document was cleared for release on October 21,
  2004. It is true that date is from "years". But it is also
  true that it WAS NOT released until April 21, 2011.
  "No, Virginia, that information has not been available for
  years."
  Researching this development for my show, I have found a great
  deal of other information that constitutes what most people
  would call open disclosure.
  This is truly blockbuster information. No one from the
  gov-rnment has stepped in front of the cameras and come clean
  about ET reality as yet.   But, here we have the most sec-et
  in-elligence organization in the U.S.A. , the National Sec-rity
  Agency, disclosing openly that there has been contact with
  intelligent extraterrestrials.   Not only that, we have decoded
  their messages.
  Want to read the document for yourself?
  http://www.nsa.gov/public_info/_files/ufo/key_to_et_messages.pdf
  You will see that           it is the official NSA.GOV website.
  Want disclosure? It appears to be here...
  Listen to the Kevin Smith show at:
  http://www.kevinsmithshow.com
  Source: UFO Digest
  http://www.ufodigest.com/article/official-et-disclosure-nsa-
  document-admits-et-contact-kevin-w-smith


20110430-Information From Ruth R.-60186.html[12/03/2022 10:26:14]
Message From Space. Part 2.


  - GUEST AUTHOR DEPARTMENT -
  Bringing Back Fond Memories Of The Incredible Brian Scott Case
  A review and personal remembrance by Timothy Green B-ckley.
  Brad and Sherry Steiger's Real Aliens, Space Beings And
  Creatures From Other Worlds Offers No Quick Fix, Just Hours Of
  Fascinating Reading.
  In order to understand the complex nature of the UFO mystery
  you cannot approach the phenomenon from a short term point of
  view.
  The best prospectus would be as an alien astronaut hovering far
  above the earth looking down at its multitude of rivers,
  streams, inlets and tributaries. Likewise, only a veteran of the
  "UFO w-rs" can hope to understand the dozens and dozens of
  twists and turns that this mystery has confronted us with since
  the first modern day "flying saucer" sighting by Kenneth Arnold.
  There is no single -- or simple -- answer to this puzzle, and so
  the jigsaw eludes us as we continue to move the pieces about on
  the matrix board someone, or something else, has constructed for
  us. A neophyte can easily get lost in the maze of reports,
  landings, abductions, men in b-ack encounters, cattle
  mutilations, trips to Mars, and govern-ent cover-ups. Its
  overwhelming, time consuming, and seems to lead to nowhere. You
  need more than a compass let me tell you that from years of
  experience as editor of UFO Uni-erse and other nationally sold
  magazines on the topic.
  Brad Steiger is that veteran, the General Patton of these "UFO
  Wa-s," who from his lofty position of forty plus years of UFO
  research, can manage to sort out at least some of the riff from
  the raff, the hoi from the polloi, and give us various answers
  that elude the most sincere but undereducated younger UFOlogist.
  This is best shown throughout the pages of Real Aliens, Space
  Beings, And Creatures From Other Worlds (Visible Ink, May, 2011)
  I must admit in true disclosure fashion that I have been
  friends with Brad Steiger since we first shook hands at the
  largest indoor UFO convention every held. Organized by another
  "ole timer," Jim M-seley managed to gather together over ten
  thousand of the faithful at the Hotel Commodore in Manhattan to
  hear some of the most popular UFO researchers of the era (i.e.
  John Keel, Dr Frank Stranges, Vi Venus, and special guest Roy
  Thinnes of the popular TV series The Invaders). Since then
  Steiger and I have consulted and shared information on numerous
  UFO and paranormal incidents. One of the first we worked on as a
  team was the case of Brian Scott who had, he claimed, been
  abducted along with a friend in the Superstition Mountain range
  outside Phoenix. The case remains unusual in that it was on
  going for many years and offered a bit more in the way of
  evidence than your typical UFO abduction episode (if there is
  such a thing as "typical" in this arena of research). The case
  also was 'substantial" in that it l involved the participating
  of a number of high profile parapsychologists from the world of
  academia.
  Let's pass through one of Bob L-zar's worm holes and go back to
  that point in time when Brad and I were need deep involved with
  the Bryan Scott abduction as excerpted from the Steiger's most
  recent work. . .
  Part 2.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110430-Information From Ruth R.-60186.html[12/03/2022 10:26:14]
