{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:51:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31673, "source_ctime_ns": 1790663659539384386, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110616-Stonehenge.-678.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790663659534604344, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110616-Stonehenge.-678.pdf", "source_sha256": "c6ec7b3a3752ba64b0100d79afafa38e4cb7ef8628b438f01b889a1c47e42985"}

Stonehenge.


  Subject: Stonehenge.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 16/06/2011, 06:58
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Stonehenge.
  June 15, 2011.
  ...................................................
  ...................................................
  View Filer's Files Archives In Special Reports, this week's files cover:
  Moon
  Openings, Mars Structures, W-r of the Sons of Light and Sons of Darkness,
  UK Possible UFO Worship Stonehenge's Timber Twin and Cursus, Easy Rider
  talks about UFOs, What on Earth? Inside the Crop Circle Mystery.
  Dr. RICHARD BUCHLI writes, Three moon openings area 1400 feet widem
  Mars Structures. Norm Bryden writes the g-vernment should release the data
  for the existence of intelligent life in the universe.
  The s-crecy prevents our planet from progressing to a clean-energy
  environment and gaining the knowledge to be civilized. You've provided a
  haven for c-rruption and look what you've done to the environment.
  You did this because you know about some of the civilizations beyond Earth
  and you saw how backward you may be. You saw how futile your efforts
  have been to convince others that this is the way it should be.
  The species, oceans and lands you destroy are your doing because many of
  you have been dishonest about the scientific data. You did this to our
  planet.
  Look at your results. Thanks to Norm B-yden
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWyCCJ6B2WE
  ,
  http://www.marsstructures.com/00010007.html
  Wa- of the Sons of Light and Sons of Darkness
  Astronauts have always been distinguished men of valor and exploits. A
  couple of years ago, Dr. Edgar M-tchell and I had a brief conversation
  after we spoke to about fifty Congressional staff personnel in Washington
  DC. He indicated as I do that we may be visited by some type of intelligence
  from space. I asked Edgar, what he thought was the real sec-et to all of
  this concerning UFOs. He said, The answers are all in the Dead Sea Scrolls.
  Even now not all of these scrolls have not been revealed. I searched the
  scrolls myself later to find some meaning. The text of the -ar of the Sons
  of Light and Sons of Darkness describes where two sides are in an
  apocalyptic battle for Earth. The -ngels are described as being part of the
  fight.
  Warrior a-gels are in our muster, and He that is mighty in Wa- is in our
  throng. The army of His spir-ts marches beside us. Our horsemen come
  like clouds or like banks of dew, to cover the earth, or like torrential
  showers, to rain judgment on all that grows in it. Opposing the good
  forces are the forces of darkness. But for corru-tion thou hast made Belial,
  an a-gel of hostility. All his dominion is darkness and guilt. All the
  s-irits
  that are associated with him are an-els of destruction. They follow only
  the laws of darkness, and their craving is directed toward it. Pages 414-416
  The Dead Sea S-riptures. In his scholarly book, Egyptian Ideas of the
  Afterlife, British Egyptologist E.A. Wallis Budge said that the ancient
  Egyptians were preoccupied with life beyond the grave and that over
  thousands of years ancient Egyptians had a wealth of ideas and beliefs
  concerning immortality and the after life. Ancient Egyptian records
  described a fleet of UFOs moving across the clear blue sky over ancient
  Egypt.
  UK Possible UFO Worship Stonehenge's Timber Twin and Cursus. During
  my four year Air F-rce tour in England I visited many prehistoric sites
  such as Stonehenge that could have been a landing place for disc shaped
  UFOs. A couple miles away is Woodhenge older than Stonehenge and
  was made from wood also in the shape of a disc.
  Archeologists claim the ancients worshipped the Sun or Moon, but these
  are balls not discs shaped. The timber circles were uncovered at
  Durrington Walls, the site of a Stone Age village and prehistoric earthworks
  were discovered in the early summer of 1925 as Squadron Leader Insall
  sat at the controls of his Sopwith Snipe and noticed the recently ploughed
  remains of several disc barrows which had been almost obliterated by
  decades of farming. One particular barrow in Dough Covert caught his eye
  as it appeared to resemble Stonehenge, visible two miles away. Woodhenge


20110616-Stonehenge.-678.html[12/03/2022 10:27:43]
Stonehenge.

  was made by skilled carpenters who lived 4000 years ago.
  It was 127 feet in diameter and contained 2750 yards of wooden framework
  that required ten acres of land.
  It was probably built prior to Stonehenge and may have been as a model for
  the stone monolith. I suggest the ancients w-rshipped Unidentified Flying
  Objects that are frequently seen over the Stonehenge area.
  Woodhenge Timberhenge, and Stonehenge are disc shaped structures.
  Theunis Bates writes, -- Stonehenge, that ancient and mysterious circle of
  giant obelisks on England's Salisbury Plain, may once have had a nearby
  wooden twin, according to a pioneering new archaeological survey. The
  idea of finding something as significant and dramatic as this monument, so
  close to Stonehenge, is just brilliant, Henry Chapman, an archaeologist
  at the University of Birmingham and a member of the team that made the
  discovery, told AOL News. It will completely change the way we think
  about Stonehenge and the surrounding landscape. The discovery of the
  timber henge (a term used to describe any British circular ritual site
  dating from 3,000 to 2,000 B.C.) was made by a multinational team of
  archaeologists, who started surveying the land around Stonehenge with
  sensors that provide a high-definition 3-D view of what's under the ground.
  Every time you excavate, you damage the site by moving material, Chapman
  says.
  With the technology we use, such as ground-penetrating radar, there's no
  need to dig.
  Nearby is so-called Woodhenge, a monument once composed of six rings
  of wooden posts enclosed by an earthen embankment.
  A week after they started examining the area, the team spotted what
  appeared to be a circle of 24 post holes under the ground, less than 3,000
  feet to the northwest of Stonehenge. The ring measured about 82 feet in
  diameter -- just 17 feet less than Stonehenge -- and was enclosed by an
  inner ditch and possibly an outer bank.
  The post holes are up to a meter in diameter, which suggests that the
  timbers
  they'd have held would have been at least 10 feet high, Chapman says. He
  adds that the towering structure was likely built about 4,500 years ago,
  on the basis of comparing it with similar sites.
  That's approximately the same time that Stonehenge's world-famous
  trilithons -- a prehistoric structure with two upright stone blocks
  supporting
  a third placed across the top -- were erected. And curiously, the newly
  discovered monument mirrors a similar henge some 4,270 feet southeast
  of Stonehenge, which was first uncovered in 1937. Like the newly discovered
  site, that circle overlooks the ancient stone structure and has two
  entrances.
  All three henges appear to have been deliberately aligned. The latest
  find throws into question previous assumptions about Britain's most famous
  ancient monument. Many interpretations have traditionally placed
  Stonehenge at the center of the site in isolation, Chapman says. But
  what we're seeing is that Stonehenge, when it entered its very grand phrase,
  wasn't the only structure in the area. It was surrounded by other complex
  structures, that may have been used much like medieval cathedrals. So
  instead of being the focus of all the ancient folks' attention, Stonehenge
  was likely just one -- admittedly impressive -- part of the religious
  landscape. As the ancient Britons didn't record their thoughts, we'll likely
  never know exactly why they built Stonehenge and its smaller siblings. But
  Chapman says the latest discovery offers an insight into their beliefs. He
  suggests that the wood and stone circles may have been placed close
  together as the two materials had intertwined symbolic meanings for
  Neolithic Brits. That ties in with the thinking of Mike Parker Pearson, a
  Sheffield University archaeologist and henge expert, who has suggested
  that the wooden structures might have been associated with feasts for
  the living, while stone circles were realms of the dead. The discovery of
  the new wooden henge is likely just the first of many surprise discoveries
  to come from Chapman and his fellow archaeologists. By 2014, they
  intend to have scanned about 5 square miles of land around Stonehenge,
  which will then be collated into a detailed map.
  I think in the next four years, we're going to have quite a different
  understanding
  of Stonehenge, Chapman says. We're going to fill in the detail between the
  standing monuments, and hopefully by doing that, show the complexities and
  subtleties of the Neolithic people who were here.
  http://www.vista.bham.ac.uk/
  Nearby is the Stonehenge Cursus a long rectangular earthwork that runs
  for about 3km (1.8 miles) on an east-west alignment. It was built during
  the Neolithic period, around 3100 BC, making it slightly earlier than the
  circular bank and ditch of the first phase of Stonehenge. Although similar
  cursus monuments exist in England and many theories have been put
  forward, we do not know the purpose of these mysterious monuments. They
  generally survive only as marks, shallow banks and ditches visible only
  from the air. Cursus (plural 'curs s' or 'cursuses') was a name given by
  early


20110616-Stonehenge.-678.html[12/03/2022 10:27:43]
Stonehenge.

  British archaeologists such as William Stukeley to the large parallel
  lengths
  of banks with external ditches which they thought were early Roman athletic
  courses, hence the Latin name cursus, meaning course.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johfw@mlode.com


20110616-Stonehenge.-678.html[12/03/2022 10:27:43]
