{"created_utc": "2026-10-06T10:47:29Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31354, "source_ctime_ns": 1790741800795188398, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110916-Two-Sisters-Meet-The-Space-People.-Part-3.-866.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790741800792730939, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110916-Two-Sisters-Meet-The-Space-People.-Part-3.-866.pdf", "source_sha256": "c9ddd4c74212e2104c4d4b8bf381c6c3f4919d5e6c21df3cfb0a983a8fc88958"}

Two Sisters Meet The Space People. Part 3.


  Subject: Two Sisters Meet The Space People. Part 3.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 16/09/2011, 23:03
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Two Sisters Meet The Space People.                         Part 3.
  Sept. 16, 2011.
      They predict that we will have lighting from the walls.
  ....................................................................................
  ....................................................................................
  The space people that have negative qualities about them are coming from
  farther space systems, although I do not wish to imply that all space craft
  from
  farther systems is e-il. Many of the craft from farther systems are very
  good and
  are also trying to help Earth; however, it is only those certain ev-l
  systems that
  we should consider when I say those from a farther system than our own. It
  is
  these negative beings who are here for the purpose of actually taking people
  from Earth to indoctrinate them with their ideas, so they in turn will cause
  confusion and disturbances upon the planet.
  The true purpose behind this is to prevent harmony and peace, for they are
  in
  alliance with those beings living in Earth, who themselves will be forced to
  leave Earth when peace and brotherhood is completed. The gains that these
  negative people obtain from their alliance with those other negatives in
  Earth
  is not known by us, but it must be quite profitable for them to engage so
  actively against the Space Brothers who are trying to help Earth. The Space
  Brothers who are trying to help Earth have to contend with these craft and
  beings from other less desirable systems, and also have to contend with the
  disbelieving masses of people who either do not know of the need for harmony
  and
  peace or those who do not want to listen to their urgent requests. The job
  of
  the Space Brothers is not easy, for it is necessary to prepare the people of
  Earth to accept their existence, and also to guide them in proper
  understanding
  so that peace and co-existence will be possible.
  Many people seem to feel that the negative beings are only from planet Earth
  and consists only of those fallen a-gels who were cast out of h-aven by a
  Supreme Command from the Most High. Many can quote the proper passages
  of the Bi-le and prove that there are fallen an-els living here on Earth,
  who
  cause the necessary confusion and ev-l which we here must live among. There
  are those intelligences of superior powers whom we would call fallen ang-ls
  living in Earth, but it is not wholly from them that the -vil or bad flying
  saucers
  come. As you look up into the sky at night you see multitudes of stars,
  planets
  and suns moving on in beautiful orbits. However, if you could move out
  through space and watch the barbarous conditions that exist upon some of
  these stars you would be shocked. There are some systems advanced in
  scientific accomplishments to the degree of ma-tery over space, but those
  systems have advanced in science alone and have little spiri-ual
  advancement.
  They come here to Earth and to other planets in farther systems to form
  alliance with those intelligences who will provide them the necessary
  fulfillment of their ev-l desires and wishes.
  Planet Earth is now visited by such craft, whose occupants live and profit
  from the unrest and disharmony present. Who can truly say what percent
  of our actions are fueling these beings with necessary materials and
  profit. What these profits are cannot be said by us, for only each one of
  us in our own understanding can know in Truth what their actions consist
  of that could be used as a fuel by the negative ones. These negatives can
  present very good arguments and can deceive the unwary in many ways.
  Their goal is to conquer and own, without any concern how they do it.
  They may use one form of attraction one time and another the next.
  Now, how, you probably think, do we know about this. I can only say that
  many times, more than we have recorded or remembered, we have been


20110916-Two Sisters Meet The Space People. Part 3.-866.html[12/03/2022 10:29:24]
Two Sisters Meet The Space People. Part 3.

  interrupted in our attempts to contact the Brothers by means of our
  device, and then encounter the beamed transmission of a negative craft.
  In many instances these beings have mocked our efforts and have
  belittled the Brothers and us. Other times they have lied and said they
  were the M-4 Section of Mars and they had a message for us from the
  Council, and that we were to say such-and-such or else we were to
  stop speaking altogether. Patience is a good way to win with their
  persistence, for they cannot persist too long without getting angry and
  revealing themselves.
  Once we were interrupted by them and told flatly who they were and what
  they wanted us to do. They asked us to prepare a book for them and expose
  the whole untruth connected with the story of the fallen an-els. This book
  was to be delivered by one of their very advanced minds, and to be created
  in manuscript form by us and offered for publication.
  Please notice that I said this book was to be done in this manner at their
  request. We refused to do as asked by them, and burned the first few
  sections of their story when it was delivered to us. From that time up to
  the
  present we have been interrupted only occasionally, and then their attitudes
  have not been quite as demanding. We refuse to have anything to do with
  this type of beings and wish to serve only those of goodness and light.
  The subject of negative beings can be connected directly with much
  unusual phenomena that seems to be completely contrary to natural law.
  However, nothing can defy the absolute laws that G-d created, but many
  of these laws are simply not known nor understood by millions of people.
  The percentages of people who can manipulate these laws is very few.
  As said before, many beings of a negative nature do live in Earth, and
  there are some of these who have the power to do unusual things. Many
  times strange phenomena have been noted to take place, such as objects
  moving freely in the air; articles appearing and disappearing; solid objects
  passing through walls, door, etc. The number of unusual happenings are
  numberless. Many of these happenings are due to the mischievous minds
  of negative beings, who merely change the molecular polarity of the
  structure of an object and cause it to pass through the air as though
  defying gravity. Truly such an object is moving freely through space, but
  only due to the natural law of gravity.
  If an object such as a glass contains the positive polarity of mass, then
  the earth below it is of a negative polarity.
  Merely by changing the positive polarity of the glass to a negative polarity
  it
  will cause the glass to push away from the earth which is also of a negative
  polarity. The law of a magnet can be applied to this simple demonstration,
  for "Like polarities repel, and unlike polarities attract." Two negative
  polarities will push away from each other, whereas two polarities of
  different natures will cling to each other. Thus, gravity, or more simply
  said, polarity controls such unusual demonstrations. It does, however,
  take a very great Will Power to command such objects to move. Nothing
  can be done outside of natural law.
  Misapplied power and nonsense must still obey the laws of Go-, for
  nothing can be outside of His Laws. An important thing, however, is that
  not all unusual happenings are the result of negative beings, but much of
  it is unknowingly set into motion by the minds of Earth people, who
  happen to set into motion the law of polarity and gravity.
  I would like at this time to dispense with the subject of negative things,
  and like to direct your thoughts to something of a more affirmative nature.
  I would like to give you a little of the prophecy for Earth that the
  Brothers
  gave us. However, at no time do the Space People or Betty and I want you
  to think that these prophecies are definitely what will happen to Earth.
  The Brothers told us that these things would happen only if Earth follows
  the path of advancement that she had been doing before the explosions
  of so many b-mbs. These explosions could alter these conditions very
  much, for as the Brothers said, these explosions are altering the
  atmospheres and materials for Earth. It is from man's past actions and
  advancement that these prophecies are derived, and it is from this that
  the future is formed.
  Thus prophecy can change and 10 years from now these same prophecies
  could be wrong, but only if Earth's people continue with the A and H bom-
  explosions and if a series of serious battles and conflicts result upon
  Earth.
  As for the prophecies themselves, the Space People tell us that Earth will
  have an axis change, and that this will cause America to become warmer
  and certain parts of Europe to become colder. This axis change should
  come about slowly and be a gradual thing, and will be if nature is left
  alone; however, there are certain people who wish to bring about this


20110916-Two Sisters Meet The Space People. Part 3.-866.html[12/03/2022 10:29:24]
Two Sisters Meet The Space People. Part 3.

  change too quickly. As for the manner of clothes people will be wearing
  upon Earth in the future we will see that the men will wear clothes that
  have a tighter fit, whereas the women will wear looser and longer dresses.
  The homes will change with the circular home being preferred. There will
  be a screened dome top to the homes, which will open to let in the air.
  Lighting will be from the walls and a circular rim around the ceiling. This
  lighting will be automatic and adjust itself to the proper brightness. All
  power for the kitchen, laundry, heating and lighting will be provided by
  small individual units in each home that is inexpensive to operate. The
  countryside will be beautiful, for all wires, telephone poles and power
  stations will disappear, along with the billboards and other unsightly
  scenes.
  Part 3.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110916-Two Sisters Meet The Space People. Part 3.-866.html[12/03/2022 10:29:24]
