{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T13:06:06Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32440, "source_ctime_ns": 1790686433906619884, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110726-UFO-Information-From-Auguntina.-Part-2.-758-159d4cfc7b.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790686433898824308, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20110726-UFO-Information-From-Auguntina.-Part-2.-758-159d4cfc7b.pdf", "source_sha256": "a42406cf0555bcc91aa597c97edc6a7ba3b24fa068c90ae37f9f8c99c0ee639c"}

UFO Information From Auguntina. Part 2.


  Subject: UFO Information From Auguntina. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 26/07/2011, 06:59
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: UFO Information From Arguntina.                        Part 2.
  July 25, 2011.
     This talks about a lady being burned by a UFO.
  ....................................................................
  ....................................................................
  Did it create wind or something as it took off so quickly?
  Not that I noticed, no. I'm telling you: it rose to a certain height, ran
  off, and
  when I saw it the horizon, it was already gone.
  To what height did it rise slowly?
  Up to treetop level.
  What did it look like from underneath? Did it have a turbine or something
  to propel it?
  I couldn't feel anything. Felt no noise and there was nothing to be seen
  underneath. I didn't' see anything out of the ordinary. That's why you've
  got
  to be careful when making a report. That's why the make you take tests.
  Was there any mark left on the ground?
  No.
  You were very close. Could you hear any noise or sound?
  No.
  And the cabin with the dashboard, did it feel very modern to you?
  And I thought it was going to start talking to me.
  The man walked normally?
  Yes.
  What was his hair color?
  Very blond.
  Were both blond?
  No, I didn't see the other. You couldn't see the one inside. You could tell
  there was a guy inside; you know he's there because I saw him.
  But you couldn't see his head?
  No, no. But I saw this one because he walked with the hood pulled back. He
  had a m-litary field pouch on his legs and those thingies...the binoculars.
  And regarding the dashboard...
  I'm telling you, I owned an estanciera (rural vehicle similar to a Willys
  Jeep)
  and the dashboard wasn't very technified.
  What was it like?
  It was a dashboard with yellow, green and red buttons inside. No steering
  wheel was visible.
  P-reyra is a native of Elordi (a town in the province of Buenos Aires which,
  according to him, no longer exists, but was near General Villegas). He told
  us an anecdote about another sighting of a similar object that took place
  in his town, and also of his encounter with "la luz mala" (The E-il Light).


20110726-UFO Information From Auguntina. Part 2.-758.html[12/03/2022 10:28:01]
UFO Information From Auguntina. Part 2.

  "We reached a field by a gate. I was 16 years old. The light moved and
  jumped from one side to another. It fell upon us, lighting everything up. We
  were scared...these were lights...
  What color was it?
  W-ite. If you're scared of them, it gets worse. There are mysteries worthy
  of respect.
  Did you associate this thing you saw with that light?
  No, nothing to do with it at all.
  Continuing with his story, and making reference to the various types of
  humanoids discussed in the UFO symposium held in Rosario, to which Fabio
  Zerpa was a guest, he said:
  ...It isn't that, the fact is that there is someone who comes to look at us
  and
  our comings and goings, just like someone went to the Moon. But they're
  terrestrial... what do you think?
  Did you have the impression that they wre from here?
  I'm convinced.
  And what were they doing there?
  Who knows? Looking at something, investigating something...
  He also says that after this case, and without specifying a date, both his
  father and a neighbor saw some strange objects passing through the area.
  Remarks
  There isn't much else to add to the lengthy and detailed report on the
  experience that befell this humble man. During our long chat, he repeated
  time and again that "the ones I saw are from here". And they certainly
  appear to be so, judging by their physical appearance, although we
  understand that no one had such technology in the 1960s. If so, we would
  all be flying around in such devices, which seem to be a fine means of air
  transportation.
  And if they are not from here, what could someone from beyond our world
  or culture be doing, wandering through a forest in the outskirts of Buenos
  Aires. Evidently, this is absurd, as is commonplace with hitherto
  unexplained
  phenomena.
  The fact is that Pe-eyra saw them. Or at least he thought he saw them. Or
  better yet, something showed itself on that rainy morning, something that
  we don't understand and perhaps conceals itself behind that display of
  supposedly quasi-terrestrial technology: too advanced for the times, but
  too human to be true reflection of some distant visitors. What lies behind
  what was shown to Per-yra? Perhaps we'll find out someday.
  (Translation (c) 2011, S. Corrales, IHU. Special thanks to Carlos Iurchuk,
  El Dragon Invisible, and Guillermo Gimenez, Planeta UFO)
  POSTED BY INEXPLICATA AT 11:17 AM
  1968: A Nurse Burned by an Alleged UFO (CE-2)
  Source: Diario Los Andes
  Date: 16 August 1968 (Mendoza, Argentina)
  New details have emerged regarding the strange case involving Adela
  Casalvieri de P-nassiti, 46, a nurse at the Provincial Neuropsychiatry
  Hospital, who claims having been paralyzed by a "flying saucer" that
  landed on one of the facility's yards in the early morning hours of last
  Monday.
  According to official sources, the SIA (Servicio de Inteligencia de
  Aeronautica),
  the Forensic P-lice and a physicist from the National A-omic Energy
  Committee
  have played a role in the strange episode in order to analyze a unique stain
  found on the pavement "where the UFO landed". It was leaden in color, and
  smelled strongly of sulfur.
  Mrs. Pan-ssitti was interviewed by a writer for LOS ANDES at her home, and
  said the following: "The time was 1:30 a.m. on Monday and I was tending to


20110726-UFO Information From Auguntina. Part 2.-758.html[12/03/2022 10:28:01]
UFO Information From Auguntina. Part 2.

  patients. Suddenly, a loud buzzing sound made my ears hurt. Then I saw a
  powerful glow emanating from the yard. I opened a door, thinking that gas
  from the heater had made me feel sick, but it was then I noticed, with
  surprise,
  that the glow was becoming brighter and that the noise had ended. I ran out
  to the courtyard in shock, and I felt paralyzed the moment I stepped over
  the
  threshold: there was the light, in the middle of the pavement, beside a
  pimiento
  tree. The device emitted a red color with intermittent blue. I felt my face
  burning and covered my face with my hands to avoid burning my eyes (she
  suffered facial burns). A few moments later, the noise returned and I saw
  the object rising into the air until it lost itself in the sky, all the
  while flashing
  a bright light."
  Mrs. Pana-sitti says that she was immediately able to overcome the state of
  paralysis she found herself in, calling the other nurses for help, as these
  were in a more remote pavilion." I didn't make it to the door, because my
  legs gave out and I felt to the ground." The woman explained that the UFO
  was of normal size (sic) and that "several passengers could fit inside it
  with ease."
  At the spot where the nurse claims having seen the UFO, there was a small
  stain (certified by several d-ctors and employees, as well as scientists)
  that was leaden grey in color and left a strong smell of sulfur. The
  phenomenon vanished within days, but even today (as was observed),
  whenever the courtyard is hosed down, the spot where the odd spot is
  located dries immediately.
  A thoroughly reliable source confided to this journalist that a physicist
  with the National At-mic Energy Commission and an electronics engineer
  reported to the hospital with a Geiger counter to see if there was
  radioactivity or not: indeed there was. The unusual event may only be
  explained through the investigation being performed by Aeronautics
  and the po-ice. The report on the findings should be in the g-vernment's
  hands already.
  It was also reported that the nurse underwent several tests and was found
  completely normal in all of them.
  It was also confirmed that the daughters of a go-ernment official witnessed
  a light similar to the one described by Mrs. Panass-ti at the same time and
  in another part of the city.
  (Special thanks to Carlos Iurchuk, El Dragon Invisible, Guillermo Gimenez,
  Planeta UFO and Marcelo Cristian Calvo. Translation (c) 2011, Scott
  Corrales,
  IHU)
  POSTED BY INEXPLICATA AT 6:01 AM
  FRIDAY, JULY 22, 2011
  UFOs: "A Real and Serious Threat"
  Source: Diario Impre
  Date: 21 July 2011
  UFOs Represent "A Real and Serious Threat"
  By Luis Jaspet again we come across the subject of UFOs (Unidentified Flying
  Objects) and cannot find an explanation for the majority of the cases that
  suggest the existence - day after day - of something beyond.
  We cannot grasp how some authorities endeavor to conceal the subject when
  increasingly greater numbers of people are interested in really knowing what
  is going on. However, there are always those who spend their lives deceiving
  those who are truly interested in the subject, which we consider to be an
  actual problem.
  Fortunately, there are people who have indeed involved themselves in UFO
  research, such as Chilean captain Rodrigo B-avo, who is also a consultant
  for "UFO" magazine and who has said on more than one occasion that we
  are facing a real problem, even though the majority may not believe in
  subjects of this nature.
  Cronicaviva.com.pe
  published Captain Rodrigo Br-vo's thoughts in this regard: "We can no longer
  deny or ignore the UFO situation. They represent a real and serious threat.
  Today we are faced by a complex phenomenon whose characteristics cannot
  be explained within normal terrestrial circumstances."
  All of this after reporting and advising about series of recordings in which


20110726-UFO Information From Auguntina. Part 2.-758.html[12/03/2022 10:28:01]
UFO Information From Auguntina. Part 2.

  various Chilean pilots have stated having contact with one or more UFOs.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20110726-UFO Information From Auguntina. Part 2.-758.html[12/03/2022 10:28:01]
