{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T23:13:37Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 25670, "source_ctime_ns": 1790776226130688087, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120526-Thrive.-Part-4.-61181.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790776225998923226, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120526-Thrive.-Part-4.-61181.pdf", "source_sha256": "1e33438e999950693ed6a8591b89b1ac528f8b730636f3fbe0ff0b385479bcb8"}

Thrive. Part 3.


   Subject: Thrive. Part 3.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 25/05/2012, 16:27
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

   Subject: Thrive.           Part 3.                                       May
   25, 2012.
     This movie is being shown in county libraies and even places
   like Ralph Squire's Home. Somehow i seemed to have not
   been able to see it. I can only spread myself soo thin. Maybe
   I'll see it at some future date.
   ......................................................
   ......................................................
   The second chapter is The Problem, where we really
   look to see who is suppressing these things and who's
   destroying our food supply and who's polluting our
   skies and our water and our soil and who's destroying
   the economy. We have a major problem here. What's
   going on? So basically, Chapter 2 is we follow the money
   upstream, to see who's actually controlling the money.
   And it turns out those same people, those same
   organizations and it's a small group of families are
   actually controlling virtually every sector of human
   endeavor.
   Once we establish that, then we go into the next chapter,
   which is what we call the Global Domination Agenda,
   because it turns out, as far as I can tell from consistent
   vast research, the point of the control is not just to make
   money.
   These families already have more money than anyone on
   the planet and they can pretty much print it whenever
   they want because they run the central b-nking system as
   well. But the agenda seems to be to actually take over the
   lives of all people across the entire planet, which is pretty
   chilling and sounds like a poor James Bond movie or
   something except that it seems to be true, and all the
   evidence that comes out in the news these days supports
   that hypothesis.
   Given that, the last chapter in the film is Solutions and we
   really made a strong effort to have half of this movie be about
   solutions. Rather than scare people under their beds and then
   in the credits say, have people write your congressperson, buy
   a Prius, and change your light bulb, we actually looked to say,
   now that we know what's going on, here are some active
   solutions and strategy's that we can take, that can turn this
   thing around, especially given that it's a very small percentage
   of the population, it's not even the 1%, it's like .0001% of people
   that are actually perpetrating this agenda. As we wake up,
   especially through the Internet and we begin to take action,
   non-violently, especially in the pattern of Gandhi, Martin L-ther
   King, non-violent, non-participation is the key, and movement
   like O-cupy, A-onymous, and aspects of the tea P-rty and
   others are beginning to tap into these principles to take
   effective actions to turn this thing around.
   Daily Bell:
   You explain toward the end of the movie that there is a c-bal
   trying to shove the world toward global g-vernance, but
   that it is far broader than any one r-ligious group. Can you
   explain who is participating?
   Foster Gamble:
   Yes, it is really important that people understand that this is
   not a rel-gious thing, it's not a ethnic thing, it's not a nationality
   thing, but it is a group of people fundamentally who saw the
   potential of the central ba-king, fiat money scam. In other
   words a few people get to make up money whenever they
   want, and of course if they can do that, like the Monopoly
   game, they're going to be able to buy everybody out eventually.
   That's what is about to happen, we are almost there.
   It's taken in this country, since 1913, the creation of the
   F-deral Reserve to devalue the purchasing power of the dollar to
   almost zero, but it's become a global situation. We're about


20120526-Thrive. Part 4.-61181.html[12/03/2022 10:32:53]
Thrive. Part 3.

   to see Greek collapse, the Euro collapse and it's coming to
   this country.
   It's not an accident, it's not just incompetence, there is
   a small group of people, most simply the international bank-rs
   and their minions who have a plan, and there's plenty of
   documentation for this, to create a one-world gov-rnment, with
   them in charge. So it's really got the benefits of crony
   capitalism for them, but also the benefits of kind of
   c-mmunist d-ctatorship, kind of along the lines of the Chinese
   model and that's why David R-ckefellerreally praises the
   Chinese model, because they get to privatize the profits but
   socialize the loses, just like we're seeing in this country. The
   plan is very close to being fulfilled, they have just about
   taken over every sector of human endeavor, and they've
   virtually collapsed the entire global economy. Obviously the
   entire planet is bankrupt, but that's part of the plan. When
   they bring it all down that's the excuse, when people are
   running around scared to d-ath, they say, hey, we've got
   this global structure and this global economy and this
   one w-rld currency and the UN/A and N-TO will be the
   organizational units and the p-lice force, and we'll come in
   and rescue you. It's the classic problem reaction; solution
   and we are almost there. So we need to wake up and
   take action right away.
   Daily Bell:
   Much of what you related toward the end of the movie is in
   line with what we suggest regularly. We know you've read
   the Daily Bell because you sent us an email objecting to
   our characterizing the movie before seeing it. Are you a
   regular reader?
   Foster Gamble:
   Well, I go there quite often but I really haven't had a
   chance to put in the time to follow it as much as I'd
   like to. I was driven away for a while and lost interest
   with those two original reviews but as some of your
   membership started writing very thoughtful things after
   seeing the movie, I have been following it qute closely.
   Daily Bell:
   So much of what you reported in the movie parallels what
   we believe - even the stuff about the promise of the
   Internet and the struggle between what we call the
   Internet Reformation and the power e-ite.
   Do you believe, as we've argued, that the Internet is an
   updated Gutenberg press, and that there is in modern
   history a struggle going on between communication
   technologies and the ability of the eli-es to control
   information?
   Part 3.
   John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120526-Thrive. Part 4.-61181.html[12/03/2022 10:32:53]
