{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:48:55Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29751, "source_ctime_ns": 1790678207296185821, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120306-More-Eve-And-Adam.-Part-2.-61016.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790678207294431653, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120306-More-Eve-And-Adam.-Part-2.-61016.pdf", "source_sha256": "ada82b19e88d49ea84168fdf555a451607c6c01779342e935c038edb08ec0465"}

More Eve And Adam.


  Subject: More Eve And Adam.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 06/03/2012, 15:30
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: More Eve And Adam.
  Feb. 5, 2012.
    This probably should be called Eve And Adam. Part 3. but we'll call it
  now, "More Of Eve And Adam. Part 1.
    Here is some more about Adam And Eve. I don't know that is the
  total true, but it may be another way of looking at things.
  ...........................................................
  ...........................................................
  Adam made a heroic and determined effort to establish a world g-vernment,
  but he met with stubborn resistance at every turn. Adam had already put in
  operation a system of group control throughout Eden and had federated all
  of these companies into the Edenic league. But trouble, serious trouble,
  ensued when he went outside the Garden and sought to apply these ideas to
  the outlying tribes. The moment Adam's associates began to work outside
  the Garden, they met the direct and well-planned resistance of Caligastia
  and Daligastia. The fallen Prince had been deposed as world ruler, but he
  had not been removed from the planet. He was still present on earth and
  able, at least to some extent, to resist all of Adam's plans for the
  rehabilitation of human society. Adam tried to warn the r-ces against
  Caligastia, but the task was made very difficult because his archenemy
  was invisible to the eyes of mortals.
  Even among the Edenites there were those confused minds that leaned
  toward the Caligastia teaching of unbridled personal liberty; and they
  caused Adam no end of trouble; always were they upsetting the best-laid
  plans for orderly progression and substantial development. He was finally
  compelled to withdraw his program for immediate socialization; he
  fell back on Van's method of organization, dividing the Edenites into
  companies of one hundred with captains over each and with lieutenants
  in charge of groups of ten.
  Adam and Eve had come to institute representative go-ernment in the
  place of monarchial, but they found no gov-rnment worthy of the name
  on the face of the whole earth.
  For the time being Adam abandoned all effort to establish
  representative gove-nment, and before the collapse of the Edenic regime
  he succeeded in establishing almost one hundred outlying trade and
  social centers where strong individuals ruled in his name. Most of these
  centers had been organized aforetime by Van and Amadon.
  74:5.8
  The sending of ambassadors from one tribe to another dates from the
  times of Adam.
  This was a great forward step in the e-olution of govern-ent.
  6. Home Life of Adam and Eve
  The Adamic family grounds embraced a little over five square miles.
  Immediately surrounding this homesite, provision had been made for
  the care of more than three hundred thousand of the pure-line
  offspring. But only the first unit of the projected buildings was ever
  constructed. Before the size of the Adamic family outgrew these early
  provisions, the whole Edenic plan had been disrupted and the Garden
  vacated.
  Adamson was the first-born of the violet ra-e of Urantia, being followed
  by his sister and Eveson, the second son of Adam and Eve. Eve was the
  mother of five children before the Melchizedeks left three sons and
  two daughters. The next two were twins. She bore sixty-three children,
  thirty-two daughters and thirty-one sons, (JW That seems like a lot
  of children for one lady to have.) before the default. When Adam and
  Eve left the Garden, their family consisted of four generations numbering
  1,647 pure-line descendants. They had forty-two children after leaving
  the Garden besides the two offspring of joint parentage with
  the mortal stock of earth. And this does not include the Adamic
  parentage to the Nodite and evo-utionary rac-s.
  74:6.3
  The Adamic children did not take milk from animals when they
  ceased to nurse the mother's b-east at one year of age. Eve had
  access to the milk of a great variety of nuts and to the juices of
  many fruits, and knowing full well the chemistry and energy of


20120306-More Eve And Adam. Part 2.-61016.html[12/03/2022 10:31:20]
More Eve And Adam.

  these foods, she suitably combined them for the nourishment of
  her children until the appearance of teeth.
  While cooking was universally employed outside of the immediate
  Adamic sector of Eden, there was no cooking in Adam's household.
  They found their foods fruits, nuts, and cereals ready prepared as
  they ripened. They ate once a day, shortly after noontime. Adam
  and Eve also imbibed light and energy direct from certain space
  emanations in conjunction with the ministry of the tree of life.
  The bodies of Adam and Eve gave forth a shimmer of light, but
  they always wore clothing in conformity with the custom of their
  associates. Though wearing very little during the day, at
  eventide they donned night wraps. The origin of the traditional
  halo encircling the heads of supposed pious and h-ly men dates
  back to the days of Adam and Eve. Since the light emanations
  of their bodies were so largely obscured by clothing, only the
  radiating glow from their heads was discernible. The descendants
  of Adamson always thus portrayed their concept of individuals
  believed to be extraordinary in spi-itual development.
  Adam and Eve could communicate with each other and
  with their immediate children over a distance of about
  fifty miles. This thought exchange was effected by means
  of the delicate gas chambers located in close proximity
  to their brain structures.
  By this mechanism they could send and receive thought
  oscillations. But this power was instantly suspended upon
  the mind's surrender to the discord and disruption of e-il.
  The Adamic children attended their own schools until they
  were sixteen, the younger being taught by the elder. The
  little folks changed activities every thirty minutes, the
  older every hour. And it was certainly a new sight on
  Urantia to observe these children of Adam and Eve at
  play, joyous and exhilarating activity just for the sheer
  fun of it. The play and humor of the present-day ra-es are
  largely derived from the Adamic stock. The Adamites all
  had a great appreciation of music as well as a keen
  sense of humor.
  The average age of betrothal was eighteen, and these
  youths then entered upon a two years course of instruction
  in preparation for the assumption of marital respnsibilities.
  At twenty they were eligible for marriage; and after
  marriage they began their lifework or entered upon
  special preparation therefor.
  The practice of some subsequent nations of permitting
  the royal families, supposedly descended from the g-ds,
  to marry brother to sister, dates from the traditions of
  the Adamic offspring mating, as they must needs, with
  one another. The marriage ceremonies of the first and
  second generations of the Garden were always performed
  by Adam and Eve.
  Life in the Garden
  The children of Adam, except for four years attendance
  at the western schools, lived and worked in the east of
  Eden. They were trained intellectually until they were
  sixteen in accordance with the methods of the Jerusem
  schools.
  From sixteen to twenty they were taught in the Urantia
  schools at the other end of the Garden, serving there
  also as teachers in the lower grades.
  74:7.2
  The entire purpose of the western school system of the
  Garden was socialization. The forenoon periods of recess
  were devoted to practical horticulture and agriculture,
  the afternoon periods to competitive play.
  The evenings were employed in social intercourse and
  the cultivation of personal friendships. R-ligious and
  s-xual training were regarded as the province of the home,
  the duty of parents.
  The teaching in these schools included instruction regarding:
  1. Health and the care of the body.
  2. The golden rule, the standard of social intercourse.
  3. The relation of individual rights to group rights and


20120306-More Eve And Adam. Part 2.-61016.html[12/03/2022 10:31:20]
More Eve And Adam.

  community obligations.
  4. History and culture of the various earth rac-s.
  5. Methods of advancing and improving world trade.
  6. Co-ordination of conflicting duties and emotions.
  7. The cultivation of play, humor, and competitive
  substitutes for physical fighting.
  The schools, in fact every activity of the Garden, were
  always open to visitors.
  Unarmed observers were freely admitted to Eden for short
  visits. To sojourn in the Garden a Urantian had to be
  adopted. He received instructions in the plan and purpose
  of the Adamic bestowal, signified his intention to adhere to
  this mission, and then made declaration of loyalty to the
  social rule of Adam and the spir-tual sovereignty of the
  Universal Father.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mldoe.com


20120306-More Eve And Adam. Part 2.-61016.html[12/03/2022 10:31:20]
