{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:08:15Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30485, "source_ctime_ns": 1790671825816753686, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120228-Truth-About-UFOs.-Part-4-of-4.-1117-085d3fff84.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790671825360414192, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120228-Truth-About-UFOs.-Part-4-of-4.-1117-085d3fff84.pdf", "source_sha256": "b96434152e9294958d01833e20c4247a2ba7d7c60ef85aed5ec1570db642a8c1"}

Truth About UFOs. Part 4 of 4.


  Subject: Truth About UFOs. Part 4 of 4.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 28/02/2012, 15:09
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Truth About UFOs.                Part 4 of 4.
  Feb. 28, 2012.
    This explains who some people can explain away sightings to alter the
  truth.
  ....................................................................
  ....................................................................
  Background: A career Air F-rce officer, H-lt served in Vietnam and
  on various bases before arriving at Bentwaters in 1980. He was promoted to
  base commander in 1984. Ha-t later served as base commander at Kunsan
  Air Base, Korea, and as director of the inspections directorate for the
  Department of D-fense inspector general. He retired in 1991. Halt is the
  first
  USAF officer since Project Blue Book ended to have filed a memo on
  unidentified flying objects and gone public with the details.
  The Story: "Just after Christmas, about 5:30 a.m., December 26, 1980, I
  walked into p-lice headquarters and the desk sergeant started to
  laugh. He said a couple of the guys had been out chasing UFOs. Nothing,
  however, was in the blotter. I told him to put it in.
  "When our base commander came in, we both chuckled. Neither of us believed
  in UFOs, but we did decide to look into it. Before we had the chance, two
  nights later, the duty flight commander for the security po-ice unit rushed
  in
  to a belated Christmas party white as a sheet. `The UFO is back,' he said.
    "I was asked to investigate. I changed into a utility uniform, then headed
  out in a jeep to the edge of the forest. About a dozen of our men were
  already
  there. Our light-alls (large gas-powered lights) wouldn't work, and there
  was
  so much static and constant interference on our radios that we had to set up
  a
  relay. There was increasing commotion. I was determined to show them
  this was nonsense.
  "I took half a dozen of the men and headed into the woods on foot to a
  clearing where the initial incident had supposedly taken place. We found
  three
  distinct indentations in the ground equidistant apart and pressed well into
  the sandy soil. They were supposedly caused by the object seen two nights
  before, but I didn't see anything sitting there that night. Neither did
  anybody else there.
  "Inside the triangular area formed by the indentations, one of the men got
  slightly higher readings on the Geiger counter than he did outside. He
  photographed the area, and I took a soil sample. Meanwhile, I recorded
  this activity on my microcassette recorder.
  "We knew the Orford Ness lighthouse beacon beamed from the southeast. All
  of a sudden, directly to the east, we saw an unusual red, sunlike
  light--oval
  shaped, glowing, with a black center--10 to 15 feet off the ground, moving
  through the trees. Beyond the clearing was a barbed-wire fence, farmer's
  field, house, and barn. The animals were making a lot of noise.
  "We ran toward the light up to the fence. It shot over the field and then
  moved in a 20- to 30-degree horizontal arc. Strangely, it appeared to be
  dripping what looked like molten steel out of a crucible, as if gravity were
  somehow pulling it down. Suddenly, it exploded--not a loud bang, just
  booompf--and broke into five white objects that scattered in the sky.
  Everything except our radios seemed to return to normal.
  "We went to the end of the farmer's property to get a different
  perspective. In the north, maybe 20 degrees off the horizon, we saw
  three white objects--elliptical, like a quarter moon but a little
  larger--with
  blue, green, and red lights on them, making sharp, angular movements.
  The objects eventually turned from elliptical to round.
  "I called the command post, asked them to call Eastern Radar, responsible
  for air defense of that sector. Twice they reported that they didn't see
  anything.
  "Suddenly, from the south, a different glowing object moved toward us at a
  high rate of speed, came within several hundred feet, and then stopped. A
  pencillike beam, six to eight inches in diameter, shot from this thing right
  down by our feet. Seconds later, the object rose and disappeared.


20120228-Truth About UFOs. Part 4 of 4.-1117.html[12/03/2022 10:31:17]
Truth About UFOs. Part 4 of 4.

  "The objects in the north were still dancing in the sky. After an hour or
  so, I finally made the call to go in. We left those things out there.
  "The film turned out to be fogged; nothing came out. But a staff sergeant
  later made plaster castings of the indentations, and I had the soil sample.
  "Around New Year's Eve, I took statements and interviewed the men who
  had taken part in the initial incident. The reports were nearly identical.
  "Basically, they reported this: In the early morning hours of December 26,
  one of the airmen drove to the back gate at Woodbridge on a routine
  security check. He saw lights in the forest, specifically a red light, and
  thought maybe an airplane had crashed. He radioed a report, which was
  called into the tower, but the tower reported nobody was flying.
   "Eventually, a group headed out to the forest. They reported strange
  noises--animals, movement, like we heard two nights later.
  "As they approached the clearing, they reported seeing a large
  yellowish-white light with a blinking red light on the upper center
  portion and a steady blue light emanating from underneath. The
  tower again reported nothing on radar.
   "A few of the men moved to within 20 or 30 feet. Each said the same
  thing independently--a triangular-shaped metallic object, about nine
  feet across the base, six feet high, appeared to be sitting on a tripod.
  They split up, walked around the craft. One of the men apparently
  tried to get on the craft, but, they said, it levitated up.
  "All three of the guys hit the ground as the craft moved quickly in
  a zigzagging manner through the woods toward the field, hitting some
  trees on the way. They got up and approached again, but the object
  rose up, and then it disappeared at great speed.
  "Finally, on January 13, 1981, I wrote a memo to the British Ministry of
  De-ense. Despite my efforts, to my knowledge, no one from any
  intelligence or g-vernment agency ever came on base to investigate.
  "I have never sought the limelight, nor have I hidden. I stand to receive
  no financial benefit from this interview but consented because it's
  time the truth came out. I don't know what those objects were. I don't
  know anybody who does. But something as yet unexplained happened
  out there."
  Update: In 1983, a copy of Halt's memo to the British MOD was released
  through the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Shortly thereafter, a
  copy of the 18-minute audiotape of the investigation H-lt conducted
  was given to a British UFOlogist by, H-lt says, another Air F-rce
  officer. Both have made the rounds within the UFO community.
  As a result, Ha-t says he has been "harassed" by UFOlogists and fanatics.
  While half a dozen men assisted Hal-'s investigation and dozens of others
  were near the scene, only a handful of witnesses have come forward. At
  least one of them, -alt says, is spreading disinformation; consequently,
  media coverage has been inaccurate at best. For instance, he says, "The
  stories about holographiclike aliens emerging from their craft are pure
  fiction."
  Official Response: "The Air Fo-ce stopped investigating UFOs in 1969
  when Project Blue Book was completed," says Air -orce spokesman Maj.
  Dave T-urston, based in Washington, DC.
  The Critics' Corner: "The UFO you hear described on the audiotape was
  almost certainly the lighthouse beacon in my opinion, because the peak
  interval between their descriptions of it getting brighter, then dimmer, is
  the time of rotation of the beacon, which was about ten miles away,"
  says UFO skeptic Philip K-ass. "Even though they said they saw numerous
  lights in the night sky, one of every three UFOs reported turns out to be
  a bright celestial body."
  "Bentwaters is a case of magical thinking--a situation where a bunch of
  people got excited about different things they correlated in their mind,"
  says UFO investigator James M-Gaha, technical consultant to the
  Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Par-normal
  and a retired Air Fo-ce pilot, who traveled to England, surveyed the
  area, and interviewed various people. "Consider these facts: On the
  night of December 25 to 26, at 9:10 p.m., Russian satellite Cosmos 746
  reentered the atmosphere over England and appeared as a bright
  object. At 2:50 a.m., a fireball entered the atmosphere over Woodbridge.
  At 4:11 a.m., a British po-ice car with a blue strobe light on top and
  other lights attached to the undercarriage responded to a telephone
  report and was driving on the dirt roads through the forest.
  "Ha-t's memo reports that on the second night, they saw two objects
  in the north, one in the south. On that night, three of the brightest
  stars were visible--Vega and Deneb in the north, Sirius in the south.
  And clearly, the strange red light mentioned on the audio tape is the
  Orford Ness Lighthouse beacon. Beyond that, the morning after
  the first night, British officers identified the indentations as rabbit
  diggings. The Geiger counter readings were of background radiation.
  Nothing appeared on radar that night, either, and no one in either
  base tower reported anything unusual.
  Furthermore, no civilians reported seeing or hearing anything."


20120228-Truth About UFOs. Part 4 of 4.-1117.html[12/03/2022 10:31:17]
Truth About UFOs. Part 4 of 4.


  Part 4 of 4.
  John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20120228-Truth About UFOs. Part 4 of 4.-1117.html[12/03/2022 10:31:17]
