{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T13:47:23Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 28864, "source_ctime_ns": 1790685343455543131, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120520-Why-Do-They-Build-Underground-And-Undersea-Bases_-1282-14b358523c.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790685343432594707, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120520-Why-Do-They-Build-Underground-And-Undersea-Bases_-1282-14b358523c.pdf", "source_sha256": "441172cf7d1f0e3157510ee6803f4f091d2fdcdd3b9dbc07a0d64b1e333d3b87"}

Why Do They Build Underground And Undersea Bases?


  Subject: Why Do They Build Underground And Undersea Bases?
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 20/05/2012, 05:15
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Why Do They Bulld Underground And Undersea Bases?                                May 19, 2012.
     Here is a person who thinks he knows why they build these bases.

  .......................
    At times I enjoy telling a person who is considered very smart something
  that they do not know.
    I was sitting at table with five other people when my close friend Gene
  ask me what strange and unusual thing I had been investigting lately. I
  told
  him that I ventured to say that I can ask him a question about something
  that he can't answer but one of the other people could answer. He then
  asked me what that question would be. I told him, "the question is, what
  is steam donkey?
  He said he couldn't answer that question. One of the people at the table
  chimed in, that he had worked with steam donkeys for many years. He said
  that a steam donkey is a large device that has a steam boiler on it to
  produse
  pressurized steam. The steam is transferred to steam pistons like on a
  regular steam train and these pistons power the wheels to pulled large
  heavy objects. It also can have cable winding mechanisms that will
  be able to pull objects such as large redwood trees to a narrow gauge
  railroad train to put them to the saw mill. The person had worked for the
  lumber business for many years.
    My number one son had recently discovered an abandoned steam donkey
  near olf mine that was on federal land and he didn't plan to take it home.
  ........
     Now on to subject at hand, undergroun and undersea bases.
  ...............................................................
  ...............................................................
           Approaching Cataclysm? A Conclusion of the Underground Bases
           By Dr. Richard S-uder
           theintelhub.com
           May 15, 2012
        (Part 4 in our exclusive underground base series published with
  permission from the author and publisher)
        You can read Part 1, N-zi Engineers, S-cret U.S. M-litary Bases,
  and Elevators To The Subterranean and Submarine Depths (Part 1)
        You can read Part 2, Where Are All the Deep Underground M-litary
  Bases? (Part 2)
  You can read Part 3, Letters From the Underground Mail Bag:
  Subterranean Labyrinths, Underground Bases, and Hollowed Out
  Norwegian Mountains (Part 3)
        So why all the secrecy and clandestine underground and underwater
  activity? Is Armageddon coming? Is the Apocalypse right around the
  corner?
        Do the clandestine movers and shakers inside the mi-itary-in-ustrial-
  espionage com-lex know something that the rest of us don't? Are we like
  lemmings unwittingly flocking toward a sheer precipice whose existence
  we do not evenly dimly suspect?
        At times I wonder. Maybe this is one of the reasons for massive
  underground bases and se-ret tunnels. Maybe something BIG is coming
  up fast?
        I actually posed this question to one of my sources and got a
  wonderfully evasive, sphinx-like answer that frankly raised more
  questions in my mind than it answered.


20120520-Why Do They Build Underground And Undersea Bases_-1282.html[12/03/2022 10:32:51]
Why Do They Build Underground And Undersea Bases?


        As best as I could parse the response, it seems that at least some,
  and perhaps many, underground and underwater bases and tunnels are
  preparations for the following possibilities in the relatively near term
  (say within the time-frame of the next several years to next few
  decades):
  A potential n-clear w-r
  A change in physics of rotation of the Earth, i.e., a pole shift, or
  axis relocation
  A reversal of Earth's magnetic field
  A entering a galactic dust cloud
  A asteroid and/or comet strikes
  A massive, sudden climate change
  A social, p-litical and economic chaos resulting from any
  of the preceding
  A a combination of any one or more of the above.
        In other words, very dramatic events may be just around
  the corner. It seems as if those in the know are making massive,
  extremely expensive preparations for something.
           Conclusion: Import of the Anecdotal Stories
        Perhaps the most interesting aspect of the preceding accounts
  is that most of them were recounted directly to me by people who
  worked for the mi-itary-indu-trial comp-ex, in some cases in the
  uniformed mi-itary services themselves.

        This is a recurring theme in my research. Time and again I
  have been approached by ex-milit-ry personnel, and, I believe,
  even active-duty milita-y personnel in some cases.
        Why should this be the case? I believe it is because some
  people who are involved in the activities of the Un-ted States
  mil-tary see things that bother them, or perhaps are asked to
  carry out duties that trouble them.
        Some of these people then leak information to a researcher
  such as myself, in hopes that some of what they have seen, or
  have been asked to do, will trickle out into the public domain,
  for the greater edification of the general population.
        I can only speculate as to their personal motivations, but
  I think their concerns must be personal ethical misgivings, in
  some cases, deep poli-ical unease at the machinations of
  sec-et, unconstitutional gove-nment, and even profound
  strategic mi-itary misgivings in others.
        For example, it may be technologically possible to design,
  build and deploy continent-busting weaponry that far exceeds
  the destructive power of nucl-ar wea-onry, but is it morally
  advisable to do so? Is it militar-ly advisable to do so?
        Under what conceivable set of circumstances would a
  mi-itary command structure literally unleash h-ll on Earth,
  such that entire continents, or regions of continents were
  laid waste? What sane person would set in motion such a
  series of events?
        What sane person would care to inhabit a planet that
  had been reduced to a smoldering, radioactive cinder? Under
  what fiendish mind-set could such an outcome be considered
  a victory?
        Or again, if the underground and underwater infrastructure
  of sec-et bases and tunnels has possibly grown so extensive,
  so sophisticated and so out-of-the-oversight of the constitutionally
  mandated pol-tical checks and balances prescribed by open,
  civil go-ernment, then it may be that the well-being of the
  American people, and perhaps many others as well, is profoundly
  threatened by a stealthy, massively funded, high-tech,


20120520-Why Do They Build Underground And Undersea Bases_-1282.html[12/03/2022 10:32:51]
Why Do They Build Underground And Undersea Bases?

  underground and/or undersea power about which they remain
  blissfully unaware, the nefarious intentions and plans of which
  run directly counter to their best interests.
        Indeed, if I had to guess, I would surmise that more than a
  few of my sphinx-like sources have concerns that run very
  much along these lines. They see things they do not approve of,
  but they are severely hemmed in and constrained by rigorous
  se-urity clearances that carry severe penalties for violations.
        What would you do, in their place, if you saw something with
  which you profoundly disagreed, but could not speak out openly,
  for fear of being sentenced to many years in p-ison, and/or very
  heavily fined? Or perhaps even targeted for personal liquidation,
  i.e., ass-ssination, for speaking publicly?
        You just might very quietly and anonymously leak a bit of
  information to an investigative author in hopes that it would
  find its way into his next book, or magazine article, or radio
  interview, and thereby find its way out into the world and the
  light of day where thousands, eventually millions, of other
  people could read it, hear it, and ponder its significance.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120520-Why Do They Build Underground And Undersea Bases_-1282.html[12/03/2022 10:32:51]
