{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T21:20:44Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29937, "source_ctime_ns": 1790706010706823813, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120123-Peter-Deunov.-Part-2-of-2.-60940.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790706010697384432, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120123-Peter-Deunov.-Part-2-of-2.-60940.pdf", "source_sha256": "b669b6814a2a09762cde800f294638583a540f0dd2a7ffd9b5d7e7ac86e0c41e"}

Peter Duenov.


  Subject: Peter Duenov.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 23/01/2012, 04:56
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Peter Deunov.
  Jan. 22, 2012.
    Here is something that was sent to me by Winifred Barton that explains
  what a person say almost 60 years about the times we are living in now.
  .............................................................
  .............................................................
  Subject: The Prophecy of Peter Deunov
  The prophecy of Peter Deunov
  regarding the end of our civilization and the beginning of the
  Golden A-e on earth.
  Also known under the s-iritual name of Beinsa Douno, the Bulgarian
  Ma-ter Peter Deunov (1864-1944) was a being of a very high level of
  consciousness, at the same time an incomparable musician, that
  gave during his whole life an example of purity, wisdom, intelligence
  and creativity. For years he was established close to Sofia where
  he lived surrounded by numerous disciples, he, by his radiance
  awakened the spir-tuality of thousands of s-uls in Bulgaria as well
  as the rest of Europe.
  Some days before his departure to the other world, he was in a
  profound m-diumistic trance, he made an extraordinary prophecy in
  regards to our troubled epoch that we are crossing today, a prophecy
  about the "end of time" and the coming of a new Golden Ag- of
  humanity.
  Here is this deeply moving testament. It is current and so vibrant that
  one doubts that these words were spoken almost 60 years ago.
  "During the passage of time, the consciousness of man traversed a
  very long period of obscurity. This phase which the Hindus call "Kali
  Yuga", is on the verge of ending.
  We find ourselves today at the frontier between two epochs: that of
  Kali Yuga and that of the New Era that we are entering.
  A gradual improvement is already occurring in the thoughts, sentiments
  and acts of humans, but everybody will soon be subjugated to d-vine
  Fire, that will purify and prepare them in regards to the New Era.
  Thus man will raise himself to a superior degree of consciousness,
  indispensable to his entrance to the New Life. That is what one
  understands by "Ascension".
  Some decades will pass before this Fire will come, that will transform
  the world by bringing it a new moral. This immense wave comes from
  cosmic space and will inundate the entire earth. All those that
  attempt to oppose it will be carried off and transferred elsewhere.
  Although the inhabitants of this planet do not all find themselves
  at the same degree of e-olution, the new wave will be felt by each
  one of us. And this transformation will not only touch the Earth,
  but the ensemble of the entire Cosmos.
  The best and only thing that man can do now is to turn towards
  G-d and improve himself consciously, to elevate his vibratory
  level, so as to find himself in harmony with the powerful wave
  that will soon submerge him.
  The Fire of which I speak, that accompanies the new conditions
  offered to our planet, will rejuvenate, purify, reconstruct
  everything: the matter will be refined, your hearts will be
  liberated from anguish, troubles, incertitude, and they will
  become luminous; everything will be improved, elevated; the
  thoughts, sentiments and negative acts will be consumed and
  destroyed.
  Your present life is a slavery, a heavy p-ison. Understand your
  situation and liberate yourself from it. I tell you this: exit from
  your pr-son! It is really sorry to see so much misleading, so
  much suffering, so much incapacity to understand where one's
  true happiness lies.


20120123-Peter Deunov. Part 2 of 2.-60940.html[12/03/2022 10:31:05]
Peter Duenov.

  Everything that is around you will soon collapse and disappear.
  Nothing will be left of this civilization nor its perversity; the
  entire earth will be shaken and no trace will be left of this
  erroneous culture that maintains men under the yoke of
  ignorance. Earthquakes are not only mechanical phenomen,
  their goal is also to awaken the intellect and the heart of
  humans, so that they liberate themselves from their errors and
  their follies and that they understand that they are not the
  only ones in the universe.
  Our solar system is now traversing a region of the Cosmos
  where a constellation that was destroyed left its mark, its
  dust. This crossing of a contaminated space is a source of
  p-isoning, not only for the inhabitants of the earth, but for
  all the inhabitants of the other planets of our galaxy. Only the
  suns are not affected by the influence of this hostile environment.
             This region is called "the thirteenth zone"; one also calls
  it "the zone of contradictions". Our planet was enclosed in this
  region for thousands of years, but finally we are approaching
  the exit of this space of darkness and we are on the point of
  attaining a more spir-tual region, where more evo-ved beings live.
  The earth is now following an ascending movement and everyone
  should force themselves to harmonize with the currents of the
  ascension. Those who refuse to subjugate themselves to this
  orientation will lose the advantage of good conditions that are
  offered in the future to elevate themselves.
            They will remain behind in evolut-on and must wait tens of
  millions of years for the coming of a new ascending wave.
  The earth, the solar system, the universe, all are being put in a
  new direction under the impulsion of Love. Most of you still
  consider Love as a derisory force, but in reality, it is the greatest
  of all forces! Money and power continue to be venerated as if
  the course of your life depended upon it. In the future, all will be
  subjugated to Love and all will serve it.
             But it is through suffering and difficulties that the
  consciousness of man will be awakened.
  The terrible predictions of the prophet D-niel written in the b-ble
  relate to the epoch that is opening. There will be floods,
  hurricanes, gigantic fires and earthquakes that will sweep away
  everything. Bl-od will flow in abundance. There will be r-volutions;
  terrible explosions will resound in numerous regions of the earth.
  There where there is earth, water will come, and there where
  there is water, earth will come. -od is Love; yet we are dealing
  here with a chastisement, a reply by Nature against the crimes
  perpetrated by man since the night of time against his Mother;
  the Earth.
  After these sufferings, those that will be saved, the e-ite, will
  know the Golden Ag-, harmony and unlimited beauty. Thus keep
  your peace and your faith when the time comes for suffering and
  terror, because it is written that not a hair will fall from the
  head of the just. Don't be discouraged, simply follow your work
  of personal perfection.
  You have no idea of the grandiose future that awaits you. A New
  Earth will soon see day. In a few decades the work will be less
  exacting, and each one will have the time to consecrate spiri-ual,
  intellectual and artistic activities.
             The question of rapport between man and woman will be
  finally resolved in harmony; each one having the possibility of
  following their aspirations. The relations of couples will be founded
  on reciprocal respect and esteem. Humans will voyage through
  the different planes of space and breakthrough intergalactic space.
  They will study their functioning and will rapidly be able to know the
  Di-ine World, to fusion with the Head of the Universe.
  The New Era is that of the sixth r-ce. Your p-edestination is to
  prepare yourself for it, to welcome it and to live it. The sixth ra-e
  will build itself around the idea of Fraternity. There will be no more
  conflicts of personal interests; the single aspiration of each one will
  be to conform himself to the Law of Love. The sixth -ace will be
  that of Love. A new continent will be formed for it. It will emerge
  from the Pacific, so that the Most High can finally establish His place
  on this planet.
  The founders of this new civilization, I call them "Brothers of Humanity"
  or also "Children of Love" They will be unshakeable for the good
  and they will represent a new type of men. Men will form a family, as a


20120123-Peter Deunov. Part 2 of 2.-60940.html[12/03/2022 10:31:05]
Peter Duenov.

  large body, and each people will represent an organ in this body.
  In the new ra-e, Love will manifest in such a perfect manner, that
  today's man can only have a very vague idea.
  The earth will remain a terrain favourable to struggle, but the forces
  of darkness will retreat and the earth will be liberated from them.
  Humans seeing that there is no other path will engage themselves to
  the path of the New Life, that of s-lvation. In their senseless pride,
  some will, to the end hope to continue on earth a life that the Di-ine
  Order condemns, but each one will finish by understanding that the
  direction of the world doesn't belong to them.
  A new culture will see the light of day, it will rest on three principal
  foundations: the elevation of woman, the elevation of the meek and
  humble, and the protection of the rights of man.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20120123-Peter Deunov. Part 2 of 2.-60940.html[12/03/2022 10:31:05]
