{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T13:32:00Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32017, "source_ctime_ns": 1790715741903961964, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120524-Thrive.-1290.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790715741304012785, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120524-Thrive.-1290.pdf", "source_sha256": "431fa82967b405dbf806104cc70306c05313cd5a34c9614964ecf658a5eaa1b0"}

Thrive.


  Subject: Thrive.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 24/05/2012, 22:33
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Thrive.
  May 24, 2012.
    This information uses the word thrive more than twice.   I will also put
  information about the movie "Thrive".
  ..........................................................
  ..........................................................
  Ascension Earth 2012
  J-nis
  From: Ascension Earth 2012
  Sent: Wednesday, May 23, 2012=20
  -------------------------
        Message from the Galactic Federation of Light 5/22/12
           Posted: 22 May 2012
        With our help and our assistance so much can be possible for your
  world and for your people. There is no longer any need for anyone on
  your planet to suffer at the hands of lack and scarcity. We have the
  means and the technology to allow each s-ul in-arnate in your world
  today to thrive beyond anything that has been imagined by many of
  you throughout all of your -ncarnations into the physical. There is
  nothing that cannot be accomplished once we set out to reach a new
  goal and assist a world reach a new height for their civilization.
        Today here in your world there is a plan unfolding. This plan
  has been carefully laid out by many minds of the higher realms for
  many eons of time.
  This plan is not a loose fitting of different pieces and proposals
  from different peoples and different sectors of the overall operation.
  Instead, this plan is a tightly knit fusion of ideas and concepts of
  many great minds from many highly established civilizations that
  exist and that thrive throughout this universe. There has been no
  stone left unturned, and there has not been one area of this operation
  that has not been meticulously studied and carefully planned to
  bring about extraordinary change for your people and your planet.
        We come with many valuable gifts for you that will alter the
  means to which you currently survive and how you currently
  entertain yourselves in the forms of recreation, including your
  avenues of musical and artistic expression. As part of these many
  changes, you will experience upgrades in your transportation
  systems, your waste disposal systems, your library systems,
  and your oceanic systems which will entail the rerouting of
  certain water arteries that can cause future problems for
  your world.
        These changes are great and they are many, but they are
  not anything that we cannot handle and have not performed
  many times before. Our command is comprised of many
  highly trained and skilled members of personnel, and there
  is no area of each and every endeavor we undertake that is
  not fully and competently staffed by teams that specialize
  in specific fields of science, of agriculture, of geology, of
  psychology, of health, of wealth and resources. We look so
  forward to sharing with you our wide ranging expertise in
  these fields of operation and many more as well. We have
  been studying your world for a long period of time and we
  understand as greatly as even some of your academics in
  specific fields what needs to be done, what changes need
  to be made and how precisely to approach these changes
  and carry them out to the successful metamorphosis of
  the many and varied systems that today comprise the
  inner mechanics of your society.
        Allow us to help you with these many changes that we
  have planned and have also scheduled to be implemented
  at certain intervals of time throughout this period in your


20120524-Thrive.-1290.html[12/03/2022 10:32:53]
Thrive.

  history. Help us assist you to make these changes by
  allowing us to feel welcome as visiting family is welcomed
  to the home of a relative for a special occasion, for
  indeed we are your family who have come here to visit
  you for a brief period of reunion before we must
  move on to visit in reunion other members of our extended
  family as well. This is what we, the Galactic Federation of
  Light, do. We use our great technology to allow us to
  propel throughout the vastness of the galaxies that
  illuminate so beautifully our universe. We make stops at
  worlds that we feel are ready to welcome us, their
  brothers and sisters, and allow us to help them help
  themselves make many changes that will advance
  their societies onto a greater plateau of efficiency,
  safety, health, wealth and enjoyment for every being that calls this=20
  planet their home.
        We have been doing this for millions of your Earth years.=20
  We are not new to this neighborhood. Some of our dedicated=20
  crewmembers and officers of high rank have been taking part=20
  in these missions to bring to worlds peace and love and higher=20
  ways of life since the formation of our organization millions of=20
  years ago. Some of you in-arnate on Earth today in the human=20
  physical vessel are members of our organization, and have=20
  been members of our organization for hundreds of thousands,=20
  even over one million years. Considering this, would you=20
  agree that you and your planet are in very suitable company=20
  to assist you make the changes necessary here in your world=20
  to help it e-olve to a higher state?
        We have nothing but your best interest in mind. We have=20
  nothing but the best interest of each and every being throughout=20
  this entire universe in mind. We have the choice to choose=20
  the areas of endeavor that bring to us joy and happiness and=20
  allow us to experience new and exciting adventures. We=20
  have made our choice, and we have chosen to utilize our=20
  gifts from our Creator, who is your Creator, and use them to=20
  travel throughout the vastness of this universe and bring to=20
  worlds where ever they are located the gifts that we have=20
  been so blessed with.
        If you had this choice to make today, to be able to travel=20
  throughout this entire universe at will in a relatively short=20
  period of time, what would you choose to do? Would you choose=20
  to plunder and infiltrate societal structures for your own=20
  greedy purposes, to line your pockets with the gold of
  another? Would you wish to seek out and destroy all the beautiful
  wonders they have designed and have built with their own hands,
  through the sweat of their own backbreaking labor? Would you
  burn all the beautiful works of literature that line the shelves
  of their wonderful libraries? Would you destroy all the pieces of
  music they have composed to share with others? Would you seek
  to harm families that have experienced so much hardship,
  struggle and pain already? Would you add to their misery and
  bring harm to them and their loved ones, all in the name of
  conquest? Or would you make the same choice that we have
  made, which is to travel throughout every corner of this universe
  bringing to worlds all the gifts that we have received, to share
  them with each and every being that we have the honor and
  the joy to meet?
        Please take some time and think about this question, and then
  ask yourself why the Galactic Federation of Light is here today
  in your world and wishes to meet you. This is all we have to
  share with you today, but we have so much more to share with you
  in the days ahead. We love you, our brothers and sisters of the
  human family.
           We are the Galactic Federation of Light.
           As chan-eled through Greg Gi-es
  John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com
  .........................
  Subject: Thrive.
  May 24, 2012.
    This tells something about the movie called "Thrive". Some people
  like this movie some think it's biggest bunch of trash that was ever


20120524-Thrive.-1290.html[12/03/2022 10:32:53]
Thrive.

  made.
  ...........................................................
  ...........................................................
  http://thedailybell.com/images/iconLargeit.gif
  Foster Gamble on 'Thrive' the Movie, Its Critics and What Can Be Done
  to Stop the C-nspiracy
  Sunday, March 04, 2012
  Anthony Wile
  http://thedailybell.com/images/library/gamble150.jpg
  The Daily Bell is pleased to present this interview with Foster Gamble.
  Introduction:
  Foster Gamble is P-esident & Co-Founder of Clear Compass Media;
  Creator, Host, Co-Writer, and Director of Visual design for THRIVE ...
  At age 14, Foster Gamble had a vision where he glimpsed what he
  perceived to be the fundamental energy pattern. He
  spent the next 35 years trying to figure out the details and
  implications of what he had seen. That quest took two paths: a
  scientific journey and an exploration of the human potential to
  navigate successfully through the challenges threatening our
  survival.
  THRIVE represents the convergence of these two paths.
  Furthering his exploration of what was keeping humanity from
  thriving, Foster spent nearly a decade following the money in
  every sector of human endeavor. The process revealed an
  understnding of our predicament that led him to create
  the strategic solutions offered in THRIVE.
  Foster's exploration of living geometry - how nature builds
  the material world, came to fruition in 1997 when he
  co-convened the Sequoia Symposium, a multi-disciplinary
  scientific think tank exploring perspectives on Unification
  Theory.
  There, the primary patterning that the universe uses to sustain
  healthy systems was clarified and cohered, as was its use
  as a blueprint for us to design sustainable, all-inclusive
  technologies and social systems.
  This discovery represents the convergence of science and the
  e-olution of consciousness that Foster set out to explore
  after his initial vision, and is the code that is featured in the
  documentary film, THRIVE, and on this website.
  Foster lives in Santa Cruz, California with his wife Kimberly
  Carter Gamble.
  Kimberly Carter Gamble is Former CEO, Co-Founder and Advisor
  for Clear Compass Media; Producer, Director, and Co-Writer
  of THRIVE.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120524-Thrive.-1290.html[12/03/2022 10:32:53]
