{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T15:08:32Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27846, "source_ctime_ns": 1790692688622941763, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120131-Take-A-Little-Fruit-For-Thy-Stomach-s-Sake.-1072.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790692688617729602, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120131-Take-A-Little-Fruit-For-Thy-Stomach-s-Sake.-1072.pdf", "source_sha256": "bc013b1eefe6c22b051e7c362d1c0948fcf51670cd54f32616233ceef1aeba8e"}

Take A Little Fruit For Thy Stomach's Sake.


  Subject: Take A Little Fruit For Thy Stomach's Sake.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 31/01/2012, 21:42
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Eat A Litte Fruit For Thy Stomach's Sake.                                  Jan. 31,
  2012.
    Well maybe I should have said "Drink A Little Wine For Thy Stomach's
  Sake", but you will probably get the right idea.
      This was sent to me by a friend.
  ...............................................
  ...............................................
                          Eating Fruit on an empty stomach
                          Dr Stephen M-k treats terminal ill
  c-ncer patients by "un-orthodox" way and many patients recovered.
  He explains: before he is using solar energy to clear the
  illnesses of his patients. He believes on natural h-aling in the body
  against illnesses. See the article below.
                                        Letter to original email writer:
                          Dear Shereen,
                          Thanks for the email on fruits and juices. It is
  one of the strategies to he-l ca-cer. As of late, my success rate in
  curing ca-cer is about 80%. Can-er patients shouldn't die. The cure for
  cance- is already found. It is whether you believe it or not. I am sorry
  for the hundreds of -ancer patients who d-e under the conventional
  treatments.
                                        Thanks and G-d bless.
                                        Dr Stephen Ma-
                                        EATING FRUIT...
                          We all think eating fruits means just buying
  fruits, cutting it and just popping it into our mouths. It's not
  as easy as you think. It's important to know how and when to
  eat.
                                        What is the correct way of eating fruits?
                          IT MEANS NOT EATING FRUITS AFTER YOUR MEALS! *
  FRUITS SHOULD BE EATEN ON AN EMPTY STOMACH.
                          If you eat fruit like that, it will play a major
  role to detoxify your system, supplying you with a great deal
  of energy for weight loss and other life activities.
                          FRUIT IS THE MOST IMPORTANT FOOD. Let's
  say you eat two slices of bread and then a slice of fruit. The
  slice of fruit is ready to go straight through the stomach into
  the intestines, but it is prevented from doing so.
                          In the meantime the whole meal rots and ferments
  and turns to acid. The minute the fruit comes into contact with
  the food in the stomach and digestive juices, the entire
  mass of food begins to spoil....
                          So please eat your fruits on an
  empty stomach or before your meals! You have heard people
  complaining every time I eat watermelon I burp, when I eat durian
  my stomach bloats up, when I eat a banana I feel like running to
  the toilet, etc actually all this will not arise if you eat the fruit on
  an empty stomach. The fruit mixes with the putrefying other food
  and produces gas and hence you will bloat!
                          Graying hair, balding, nervous outburst, and
  dark circles under the eyes all these will NOT happen if you
  take fruits on an empty stomach.
                          There is no such thing as some fruits, like
  orange and lemon are acidic, because all fruits become alkaline
  in our body, according to Dr. Herbert S-elton who did research


20120131-Take A Little Fruit For Thy Stomach's Sake.-1072.html[12/03/2022 10:31:08]
Take A Little Fruit For Thy Stomach's Sake.

  on this matter.
  If you have mastered the correct way of eating fruits, you have
  the Secret of beauty, longevity, health, energy, happiness
  and normal weight.
                          When you need to drink fruit juice - drink only
  fresh
  fruit juice, NOT from the cans. Don't even drink juice that has
  been heated up. Don't eat cooked fruits because you don't get
  the nutrients at all. You only get to taste. Cooking destroys all
  the vitamins.
                          But eating a whole fruit is better than drinking the
  juice. If you should drink the juice, drink it mouthful by mouthful
  slowly, because you must let it mix with your saliva
  before swallowing it. You can go on a 3-day fruit fast to
  cleanse your body. Just eat fruits and drink fruit juice
  throughout the 3 days and you will be surprised when your
  friends tell you how radiant you look!
                          KIWI: Tiny but mighty. This is a good source of
  potassium, magnesium, vitamin E & fiber. Its vitamin C content
  is twice that of an orange.
                          APPLE: An apple a day keeps the doctor away?
  Although an apple has a low vitamin C content, it has
  antioxidants & flavonoids which enhances the activity of vitamin
  C thereby helping to lower the risks of colon c-ncer, heart attack
  & stroke.
                          STRAWBERRY: Protective Fruit.
  Strawberries have the highest total antioxidant power among
  major fruits & protect the body from cancer-causing, blood
  vessel-clogging free radicals.
                          ORANGE : Sweetest medicine. Taking 2-4 oranges a
  day may help keep colds away, lower cholesterol, prevent
  & dissolve kidney stones as well as lessens the risk of colon ca-cer.
                                        WATERMELON: Coolest thirst quencher.
  Composed of 92% water, it is also packed with a giant dose of
  glutathione, which helps boost our immune system. They are also a
  key source of lycopene the can-er fighting oxidant. Other nutrients
  found in watermelon are vitamin C & Potassium.
                          GUAVA & PAPAYA: Top awards for vitamin C. They
  are the clear winners for their high vitamin C content.. Guava is
  also rich in fiber, which helps prevent constipation. Papaya is rich
  in carotene; this is good for your eyes.
                          Drinking Cold water after a meal
  Can-er Can u believe this?? For those who like to drink cold water,
  this article is applicable to you. It is nice to have a cup of cold drink
  after a meal. However, the cold water will solidify the oily stuff that
  you have just consumed. It will slow down the digestion.
  Once this 'sludge' reacts with the acid, it will break down and be
  absorbed by the intestine faster than the solid food. It will line the
  intestine. Very soon, this will turn into fats and lead to canc-r.
  It is best to drink hot soup or warm water after a meal.
                           A serious note about heart attacks HEART ATTACK
  PROCEDURE': (THIS IS NOT A JOKE!) Women should know that not
  every heart attack symptom is going to be the left arm hurting. Be
  aware of intense pain in the jaw line. You may never have the first
  chest pain during the course of a heart attack.
  Nausea and intense sweating are also common symptoms.
  Sixty percent of people who have a heart attack while they
  are asleep do not wake up. Pain in the jaw can wake you from a
  sound sleep.
  Let's be careful and be aware. The more we know the better
  chance we could survive.
                          A cardiologist says if everyone who gets this mail
  sends it to 10 people, you can be sure that we'll save at
  least one life.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120131-Take A Little Fruit For Thy Stomach's Sake.-1072.html[12/03/2022 10:31:08]
Take A Little Fruit For Thy Stomach's Sake.


20120131-Take A Little Fruit For Thy Stomach's Sake.-1072.html[12/03/2022 10:31:08]
