{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T11:35:40Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27966, "source_ctime_ns": 1790680546555942750, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120702-Who-Is-Causing-Crop-Circles_-1368-109089ba7e.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790680546548390599, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120702-Who-Is-Causing-Crop-Circles_-1368-109089ba7e.pdf", "source_sha256": "bf5be4265bc2573ab4d0dc19d871144a5cc94400894afc5f36e0802ae620a448"}

Who Is Causing Crop Circles?


  Subject: Who Is Causing Crop Circles?
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 02/07/2012, 14:43
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Who Is Causing Crop Circles?
  July 1, 2012.
  ..............................................................
  ..............................................................
  J-anis
  From: Ruth R-den
  Sent: Saturday, June 30, 2012
                       NEWSLETTER #118 FROM RUTH AND THE MASTERS OF LIGHT
                                                                    JULY, 2012

         My, my, what a time we are having! This prolonged drouth causing such
  appalling and destructive fire storms have us all nervous and keeping close
  watch on our own towns and properties.    Our forest is closed to campers
  now and no one can even step onto forest land that is not privately owned
  without getting a good-sized ticket! There is constant patrolling by the
  Forest
  Service, so we do feel as protected as they can do. Wild life are coming
  down from the hills to find water, causing a few bear attacks and wandering
  bobcats. Have to be careful with our pets now.
  Our (Central Arizona for those of you who are new to this newsletter)
  monsoon is coming in now, with beautiful white clouds that turn grey with
  rain
  a little more each day. Trees and shrubbery are terribly dry and the
  lightning
  strikes that will be coming are what we have to watch out for. I have
  always felt very protected in this part of paradise and am not really
  worried,
  but many here are. It is a good time for p-ayers, not just for us, but for
  the millions of people who are in danger from fires and floods all over our
  land and around the world. The pr-yers should not be just for protection,
  for things will happen, but for the inner strength and courage of all of us
  to see what has to be done and do it.
           Otherwise, July is still a month to enjoy, no matter what! Be
  careful
  with fireworks and such have been keeping busy cleaning out storage
  areas, giving away and sharing craft supplies that I will never use now.
  What a great feeling! My garden is shot from the heat, but there is
  always next year!
                                              *******************
  Masters, what is causing these abnormal heat waves across North America
  and the rest of the world? How long are they going to last? How drastic
  will the effects be on food supplies/crops?
  MASTERS: You may feel the world is exploding around you, but it is not.
  The elevated heat around the world, yes - in many places besides your
  continent, is occurring because of the heightened frequencies as the Earth
  hits a closer orbit toward and around the Sun right now.   Prior weather
  records show this happening every 10 or 20 years, but this orbit is closer
  because of the galactic re-alignment now taking place. Temperatures will
  start dropping off during the first week of July, then stay at slightly
  lower
  numbers for another two weeks. The monsoon moisture coming up from
  Mexico into the western states will bring relief to the dry forests but also
  cause many fires from lightning strikes.   July will not be a laid-back time
  of vacations, but a month of highly unpredictable storms, not just on the
  North American Continent, but all over the world.    Temperatures will stray
  from what is normal to intense drouths that has fried crops and dried up
  fruit on the trees. Water sources around the world will be seen to be
  erratic in their flows and amounts. Storm runoffs are already causing
  flooding and hardships. The intense suffering of humankind caused by
  all of this will continue to pop up as humanity continues its path of
  selfishness and greed, denuding lands of forests and prairies that kept
  nature in balance.
          The hurricane season is starting off slowly, but we see violent
  storms


20120702-Who Is Causing Crop Circles_-1368.html[12/03/2022 10:33:09]
Who Is Causing Crop Circles?

  to birth off the coast of Africa, as they do every year, but we see them
  changing course from the norm, hitting the American coasts slightly further
  north. The eastern Canadian Coasts may even feel the effects of these
  whirling winds during the month and into August.
         As the world experiences these elevated temperatures, the opposite
  is always in effect. The arctic realms will be experiencing unusual weather
  patterns also, as temperatures plunge into unusual depths. Even so, deep
  under the seas the Earth's inner furnace continues to heat up and is
  causing melting of the huge ice sheets. Increased calving of ice shelves
  will be reported and shipping lanes will see more bergs as they travel
  through these waters.
           Europe is also experiencing elevated temperatures, while Australia
  will experience some very stormy weeks this month. We sense some earth
  movements in the northern oceanic islands north of that continent.
           As these temperatures massage the planet one way then another, the
  seas will be reacting also. It is not a time to be cruising in deep waters
  as they are being pushed and pulled by the movement and temperatures of
  the restless continents. Water currents are especially dangerous near
  beaches where holiday swimmers enjoy their vacations.
         Expect food prices to rise sharply in many areas as fields and
  orchards
  feel the lack of rain, then flooding. Time to stock up on canned/frozen
  fruits and favorite vegetables.
       This is not a happy forecast we realize, but what each of you will gain
  by understanding what to expect and working out your own solutions is the
  real reward here. Bringing forth your own inner knowledge and strength
  is an important factor in the growth of humanity. For too long,
  entertainment
  has been of the utmost importance to the younger millions who live by their
  electronic helpers and wallow in the senseless monster movies and violent
  music of the age. To survive, in many places, only good common sense
  and the inner senses of danger and/or opportunities will need to blossom
  again. No, G-d is not punishing you, and we know many r=ligions will say
  this, but it is an opportunity to grow in mind and s=irit when nature flares
  up against you.    Go- does not punish; He (it, whatever you wish to call the
  Creator) gives created s-uls the means of overcoming anything and
  everything; it is your choice to give up or prevail over the difficulties.
  This
  is prime time for humanity - time to wake up and understand this universe.
  We are always here to help when you call.
  ******************
       Masters, the subject of Crop Circles is still very important to a lot
  of people,. especially since now they have been turning up in different
  foreign countries. I am asking you , finally, for the truth in this matter.
    The Circles have been attributed to UFO's, Little Green Men, frequency
  messages, abnormal energy in the earth, not to mention all the man-made
  designs that the jerks of the world insist on wasting their time and that
  of really intent seekers of information. Who or what is responsible for
  these beautiful and sometimes mysterious designs in the crop fields of the
  world (even seen in ice fields)? What are the designs meant to convey?
  Many of the earliest ones were faithfully mathematical and extremely
  detailed. I haven't followed them for some time, but many do. At the end
  of this answer I will give a web site where they are recorded by a very
  reliable organization.
     Assuming your answers will be forthcoming, and I do request a really
  definitive response on this, do or have these designs have anything to do
  with the current global problems of gov-rnments, po-itics, global
  warming, starvation of masses, etc., etc.? Do they have to do with
  the earth changes we are experiencing - are they an effort of some
  other planetary civilization to communicate with us? If so, are there
  sensitive people who are able to understand them and pass the
  messages on to humanity? I haven't seen that yet, although they
  are trying very hard, but perhaps no one will listen. (What else is
  new?)
  Part 1.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120702-Who Is Causing Crop Circles_-1368.html[12/03/2022 10:33:09]
