{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:32:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32423, "source_ctime_ns": 1790666253713947465, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120511-The-Reptilians.-1264-034a3b203e.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790666253705824558, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120511-The-Reptilians.-1264-034a3b203e.pdf", "source_sha256": "f3033b5dc73ee698d7ad6421ddb8f2ab71f2624c44937e888aebcc095179802f"}

The Reptilians.


   Subject: The Reptilians.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 11/05/2012, 23:42
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: The Reptilians.
   May 11, 2012.
     Here's a person who thinks we have reptiians on Earth. Let's hope they
   have cleaned up their act and are not working for the Galactic Federation.
   I doesn't hurt to be cautious though.
   ........................................................
   ........................................................
   Art G-eenfield has some very controversial views on the Reptilians.
   Author of the book "The Warning" what you will find in this interview
   is some startling information. Even though I personally find it hard to
   believe every reptilian in the cosmos is of e-il nature. I have to admit
   there is some startling information here connecting them to plights on
   Earth that may not be in mankind's best interests obviously. I will
   leave this for the reader to decide.
   I have discussed the reptilians many, many times on my radio show
   http://www.churchofmabusradio.com/
   The C-urch of Mabus.
   Glad to have a chance to jump aboard the discussion once again.
   Presenting.
   1. Could you tell us a bit about what experiences you had Alien related
   that brought you to the journey of writing your book Warning?
   Art Gr-enfield: I never used to believe in aliens or UFOs, especially since
   I was an aerospace engineering major in college. Most engineering types
   knew that the state of the art in space travel did not allow for faster
   than light flight between the stars, because we could not do it. After
   I moved to Florida I met with several engineers from N-SA over the years
   and learned from them that alien operated UFOs were real. Then a UFO
   buzzed a Space Shuttle while it was lifting off. It was shown on the
   local TV news. The news people showed the clearly filmed footage
   from NA-A's down range tracking cameras. One top NAS- manager
   later told me that he had been briefed on what the aliens had planned
   for us, and it literally scared him more than anything he had ever
   experienced.
   Personally, I'm pretty close to the action without having to go out
   and look for trouble. My ex-wife was abducted by the aliens right
   out of our bed. One of my daughters had 2 missing pregnancies. My
   son and his wife and my grand daughter saw 6 Gray alien shadow
   people behind their house twice, and 1 inside their house, as did
   my ex-wife. They apparently followed my ex-wife home and abducted
   her a few days later, with about 50 other local women that night.
   After that abduction, it jogged by ex-wife's memory and she
   remembered several abductions from when she was a little girl.
   That sudden remembrance could very well have been the result
   a retrocausal foray back in time to get control of her to use her to
   distract me in a h-llish alien love bite situation, to disrupt me from
   doing anything the aliens did not like. I cover the details of this in
   my book (not the retrocausality part as I did not know about
   their time travel damage control operations until I found out
   recently what they had done to physicist Dr. Jack S-rfatti and 400
   other physicists and scientists in 1953 to divert them from a major
   US go-ernment project to back-engineer recovered alien equipment.
   That project was supposed to start in 1973 but could not get off
   the ground because all of the scientists qualified to do the
   research were occupied in ways that prevented them from being
   available.) A few months ago two abductees I know, who do not
   know each other, were abducted. During their abductions the aliens
   asked each of them, "What do you know about Art Gre-nfield?" I
   seem to be on the alien artificial intelligence computer's watch
   list. I must do something in the future they don't like and they are
   gathering information about me to do something to stop me. I
   have learned from other people's mistakes (like the d-ceased Dr.
   John Ma-k) and now I keep a low profile. Over the years I have been
   asked to appear on the Coast To Coast AM show four times by Lisa
   L-on the shows producer but turned it down. I prefer to run a back
   ch-nnel operation behind the scenes. As an example, I got George
   Knapp on Coast To Coast to do a final tribute show for Budd Ho-kins
   shortly before Budd di-d, with Budd and Dr. David Jacobs doing a full


20120511-The Reptilians.-1264.html[12/03/2022 10:32:47]
The Reptilians.

   show that night. I also contacted Lisa Ly-n and had her put Dr.
   Jerome C-rsi on the air when he escaped arrest in Kenya with a
   copy of O-ama's K-nyan birth certificate. Ob-ma is part of the alien
   problem. (JW I still think he will declare himself to be worker of
   light and bring down the Powers Thet Be.) He is one of several of
   their "world leader" type hand-puppets. The aliens went to a lot
   of trouble to get him and Vladimir P-tin elected. The alien's
   hand-puppet leader control program is a long story by itself.
   2. In your book you talk about the human r-ce being in danger from
   these alien beings. What type of beings are these and where are they
   from and why are we in danger of them?
   3. What can you tell us about the Reptilians and their agenda? Are
   all of them ev-l in your perspective. I find it kinda hard when a lot of
   people label an entire species as evi-? Sure they aren't all -vil right?
   Just like people there has to be good and bad I would think.
   Art Gree-field: 2. and 3. UFOs are not all flown by true extraterrestrials,
   the majority of them are owned and operated by our advanced Repto
   Sapien cousins, who share the Earth with us as their ancestral home
   world. They are historically cited in about 80 places in the B-ble, being
   described as a SERPENT THAT WALKS UPRIGHT ON TWO LEGS AND
   IS AS TALL AS A CAMEL (8 FEET TALL).
   There are statues and temple paintings of them in nearly every
   ancient society. This has nothing to do with "r-ligious beliefs." It is a
   proven historical and archaeological fact. That's why I wrote a book
   showing all of the real world evidence. There is plenty of historical
   evidence the Reptilians use us as a food resource, and that they were
   in control in ancient times.
   Here is a reference about them from the Bi-le,
   Old Testament: N-MBERS 21:6: "And the Lo-d sent fiery serpents among
   the people, and they bit the people, and much people of I-rael died."
   When I was doing research for my book I was able to find about 80
   references to our alien Repto Sapien cousins in the Bib-e. They were
   behind all of the major w-rs from back then to the present day. Here
   are some facts about the particular aliens who have been interacting
   with humanity throughout history, including bi-lical references. I named
   them "Repto Sapiens" a while back. Like humanity, they too ev-lved
   from dinosaur roots here on earth.
   That is the main reason they keep coming back here, this is their
   ancestral home world.
   They are not coming back periodically just to visit the old neighborhood
   though.
   Since they are still a part of our food chain, they stop by when they
   migrate
   their excess population elsewhere because we have food resources here
   they can use to restock the meat lockers on their mother ships. You
   can't grow meat in space. When I was doing research for my book I
   found evidence showing exactly what the Repto Sapiens had been
   doing here throughout history. The US go-ernment knows what is
   going on but keeps it quiet because it would cause societal disruption
   and a backlash from various major re-igions. I wrote my book to
   explain everything in a way that people could understand and not
   get upset. I'll try to cover some of the topics here. For the
   rel-gious people, you probably think that Go- would not allow other
   beings to eat us. I know you are very relig-ous and believe that
   pr-yer and faith are all you need to protect yourself from our Repto
   Sapien cousin's food needs. The preponderance of evidence shows
   they are using us as a periodic food resource. All of the ancient temple
   paintings, statues, and wall carvings that depict them show they are
   eating us, not having s-x with us, or stealing our so-ls. It is written
   in the Bib-e that some of the reptilians b-ed with human females,
   but that was for their own individual -exual relief like sailors on
   shore leave, not part of a major breeding program. It is even
   analogous to human shepherds who have s-x with female sheep in
   the field because they are a long way from women. The sheep are
   still destined to be slaughtered and eaten. There is no commercial
   trade in sheep going on where they are used as se- partners or as
   sheep pr-stitutes, you know. We all have 97% of the same DNA that
   our Repto Sapien cousins have. I cover that in my book. As a side note,
   because the Repto Sapiens are so close to us genetically, some of
   the women who were used s-xually by them in bib-ical times gave
   birth to hybrids that were giants. In any event, neither Je--s or Go-
   has ever made any exceptions for humanity in -od's food chain. Life
   feeds on life, and pra-er will not stop it. Its been that way for billions
   of years.
   Pray-r did not save the Chr-stians fed to the lions in the Roman
   coleseum did it? Go- loves lions too. Repto Sapiens are -od's creatures
   also and they predate us on Earth by millions of years. They eat


20120511-The Reptilians.-1264.html[12/03/2022 10:32:47]
The Reptilians.

   what they want and it is okay with G-d. We return the favor here in
   Florida by consuming meat from our other reptilian cousins, the
   alligators, and they share 98% of our DNA. It's like the
   gator hunters here say, "Somedays you get the gator, other days the
   gator gets you." We are so alike, right down to the 'reptilian part'
   of our brain.
   Did you know that the Repto Sapiens have evo-ved from their
   dinosaur roots to have mammalian traits like we do - breastfeeding
   their young? Look at the photo on my web site of the Repto Sapien
   statue from ancient Sumer depicting one of their females
   breastfeeding a baby rep.
   http://antigray.tripod.com/reptoids_in_art.htm
   http://antigray.tripod.com/religion_and_reptoids.htm
   Part 1.
   John Winston             johnfw@mlode.com
   Part 1.
   John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120511-The Reptilians.-1264.html[12/03/2022 10:32:47]
