{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T11:09:22Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29282, "source_ctime_ns": 1790785586766016739, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120718-Donald-Keyhoe.-1400-605da2190f.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790785586764122032, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120718-Donald-Keyhoe.-1400-605da2190f.pdf", "source_sha256": "09a8f29962ce70da9888e357efc7397946feee8c843f0614b429a801a8d6ab3b"}

Donald Keyhoe.


  Subject: Donald Keyhoe.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 18/07/2012, 15:36
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Donald Keyhoe.
  July 17, 2012.
    One of the first books that I ever read about UFOs, many years ago, was
  written by Maj. Donald Keyhoe. Here is something about the book.
  ...........................................................
  ...........................................................

  Subject: I Know the S-crets of the Flying Saucers, by Maj. Donald E.
  Keyhoe, USMC (Ret.)
  http://www.ufocasebook.com/2011/majdonaldkeyhoe.jpg" width=3D300
  align=3Dleftvspace=3D12>
  Editor's Note: Major Keyhoe has been writing about Unidentified
  Flying Objects (UFO's) in this magazine and elsewhere for over 15 years.
  From the outset he has insisted that flying saucers are real and
  interplanetary, and many authorities have come to agree with him. Now
  he claims that control over gravity itself is the only explanation for the
  astounding maneuvers which saucers are said to make.
  Some physicists dismiss this theory as fundamentally erroneous. But,
  as you will read, there are others who find Major Keyhoe's latest chapter in
  "The Great Flying Saucer Story" important and plausible.
  One night last February, over the North Pacific, a Flying Tiger Airlines
  crew
  had a startling aerial encounter. What they saw is a clue to a fantastic
  technical mystery. In its solution lies a prize so great that six g-vernment
  agencies are searching for it right now. The answer may not be far off.
  What they are searching for is the se-ret of gravity control.
  About midnight on February 15, the Flying Tiger plane, carrying a m-litary
  group from the U.S. to Japan, was four hours out of Anchorage. Suddenly
  the cockpit radar picked up three fast-moving objects. The plane captain
  and his crew looked out at the side and saw three huge oval-shaped ships,
  glowing red in the night.
  An Air F-rce captain who was a passenger on the plane was called
  forward to confirm the sighting. His signed report is in the files of the
  National I-vestigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena.
  According to the captain's report, the unknown machines slowed down
  to the airliner's speed and flew in close formation. Five miles away,
  by radar range, they leveled off to pace the plane. The Air Fo-ce captain
  computed their length as much more than 700 feet. It was plain that the
  giant Unidentified Flying Objects had an unknown type of propulsion. No
  jets, no exhausts were visible.
  For 30 minutes, still in formation, they continued to pace the plane.
  Then, swiftly accelerating to 1,200 knots, they climbed out of sight
  in seconds.
  This startlingly swift acceleration is a maneuver that could not be
  duplicated by any ship now made on Earth. What makes it possible for
  UFO's?
  According to many scientists and engineers, there is only one possible
  answer.
  The answer is antigravity: artificial gravity fields and control of gravity
  power.
  Control of gravity is something that men have been dreaming about for
  centuries. Now it appears that we are on the threshhold of achieving it.
  Its value, to the country that first attains it, is incalculable. Our
  go-ernment, hoping for a technical breakthrough, has set up 46 different
  research projects on various aspects of gravity control. The Air For-e is
  running 33 of these projects and the others are divided among five other
  agencies.
  Included in the 46 gove-nment projects are experiments and research
  at two Air Forc- Laboratories (Flight Dynamics and General Physics
  Research), Radio Corporation of America, Massachusetts Institute of
  Technology; Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa; Stevens Institute of
  Technology; the universities of California, Denver, Harvard, Indiana,
  Manchester (England), Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Purdue,
  Stockholm (Sweden), Syracuse, Texas, and two New York schools -
  Queens College and Yeshiva Graduate School of Science.
  And, of course, some govern-ent agencies have projects so sec-et that


20120718-Donald Keyhoe.-1400.html[12/03/2022 10:33:15]
Donald Keyhoe.

  they are not publicly registered and cannot be revealed without
  permission.
  Private industry is also looking at the question of gravity control
  with new seriousness. A large number of giant corporations, including
  Bell Aerospace, General Electric, Hughes Aircraft, Boeing, Douglas
  and many others, have set up gravity projects. If you add up all the
  known gravity programs being run by the governme-t and private
  industry, you get somewhere between 65 and 70 projects.
  This means there is a heavy concentration of scientific and engineering
  brains working on the problem.
  One leading scientist who is convinced that UFO's are spaceships using
  gravity control is Dr. Hermann Oberth. Doctor Oberth, a recognized
  authority,
  was co-designer of the V-2 rocket and later a U.S. special consultant at
  Huntsville, Alabama, one of the installations where important antigravity
  research is now under way. "With ordinary propulsion," Doctor Oberth
  told me in 1961, "such violent accelerations and maneuvers would endanger
  the ship.
  Also, the force would crush any creatures aboard against the rear or
  sides of the machine. But with an artificial gravity field the force applies
  simultaneously to the passengers and the spaceship. Even in swift
  changes of speed and direction, the ship is not strained and the
  passengers feel nothing.
  Today, doctor Oberth is willing to go further. He is now of the opinion
  "that energy, inertia and gravitational fields are only aspects of one
  and the same thing" and that it will prove impossible to separate them
  from each other. What he has in mind, he says, is "not yet known
  fields of force" which can be used to accelerate material objects
  in a way similar to the force of gravity.
  Another noted authority who agrees that UFO's are using
  artificial G fields is William P. Lear, Sr., [see "Hard-nosed
  Gambler in the Plane Game" in this issue] multimillionaire
  inventor, pilot, designer of air and space equipment and
  builder of jet aircraft. Lear, who once sighted a UFO from
  his executive plane, predicts that future U.S. vehicles will
  also use artificial gravity.
  "The people on board would probably not feel any more
  effect," Lear says, "than they do from the tremendous
  speed of the Earth as it rotates and orbits and orbits the
  sun."
  Several years ago, Glenn Martin's vice-president for advanced
  design, G. S. Trimble, predicted that by 1985 practically all
  airliners would be using artificial gravity, flying at almost
  unbelievable speeds. At about the same time, future airliner
  speeds of 10,000 mph. or more were pictured by Dr. Walter
  Dornberger, then Bell Aircraft's chief guided-missile scientist
  and now pr-sident of Bell Aerospace. Grover Loening,
  pioneer aircraft builder and consultant to the Air For-e, said
  it even more strongly, "I firmly believe that before long man
  will acquire the ability to build an electromagnetic contragravity
  mechanism that works," he stated.
  A top official of Bethlehem Steel, Jesse V. Honeycutt, has
  indicated some of the results we can expect if Loening is
  right. ""serious research is being concentrated in an
  attempt to solve the mystery of gravity and bring about a
  control of its power. It would bring about a greater r-volution in
  power, transportation and many other fields than the discovery
  of at-mic power,""he stated. Antigravity? It seems inconceivable.
  Yet, the search goes on and many responsible men believe the
  answer will be found. And, to my mind, it is the only possible
  explanation for the performance of the UFO's.
  The stakes are so high that no clue can be overlooked. The Air
  F-rce Technical Intelligence, hunting for overlooked leads, is
  carefully checking hundreds of verified UFO reports. Hopefully,
  some of them will help us find out how these strange vehicles
  operate.
  Four days before Christmas, 1964, a round, metallic craft about
  125 feet in diameter was observed to make a brief landing in
  a field near Staunton, Virginia. Two Du Pont scientists later
  took Geiger counters to the site. "It was 'hot'-highly radioactive,"
  Du Pont engineer Lawrence Cook reported. "We checked for
  45 minutes - it was definitely 'hot'."
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20120718-Donald Keyhoe.-1400.html[12/03/2022 10:33:15]
Donald Keyhoe.


20120718-Donald Keyhoe.-1400.html[12/03/2022 10:33:15]
