{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T18:59:41Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27754, "source_ctime_ns": 1790707117468948106, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120608-Organic-Computers.-61208.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790707117463179360, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120608-Organic-Computers.-61208.pdf", "source_sha256": "d1c90f30df67e4a111bfe1f13df04792e4bd7c7cef1dc9627d7c0c0ec49ea169"}

Organic Computers.


  Subject: Organic Computers.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 08/06/2012, 22:19
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Organic Computers.
  June 8, 2012.
     The space people say they have organic computers.
  ............................................................
  ............................................................
  I am so glad things are to begin happening. I am so tired of waiting.
  Ja-is
  From: Michael Q-insey [mailto:michael.quinsey@mypostoffice.co.uk]
  Sent: Friday, June 08, 2012
  SaLuSa 8-June
  You are in the big month of activity when what we are engaged
  in can no longer be kept quiet, and as it leaks out it will prepare
  people for what is to follow. That is preferable to sudden extensive
  r-velations, by allowing people to adjust to the idea of the coming
  massive changes. It would otherwise seem to them that their
  world was being turned upside down, and be unsettling. For
  those in the know it is an opportunity to tell them that it is all for
  the good of mankind, and is the result of a d-vine decree that this
  cycle of duality should end. The detail can follow when we are
  openly talking with you as we intend to make sure you are all
  well informed. For the time being it suits our purposes to keep a
  low profile until we are ready to make our appearance.
  Our allies are extremely busy pushing forward a number
  of projects at the same time, and it means there will
  suddenly be a burst of activity. Our presence is having
  the desired affect upon the dark Ones who never thought
  that their crimes would catch up with them. They now
  know they are to be tried for their crimes against you
  and that there is no way out to escape justice. We ask you
  not to dwell upon such issues inasmuch that there are more
  important ones that directly concern you. One is releasing
  you from the draconian laws that have taken away people's
  rights, and putting all forms of injustice right and giving
  back freedom to those wrongly imprisoned. Secondly are
  the gove-nmental changes so that the right people
  represent you so that there is no chance of the wrong
  people representing you and delaying the necessary changes.
  They have already been selected and prepared to take up
  their positions, and that will help create the ideal
  circumstances that enable us to speed ahead.
  Clearly there must be co-operation at the highest level and
  then we will see disclosure as possible. We need to be able
  to put our aims on record so that everyone is aware of why
  we come to you. There will always be a few doubters and
  outright disbelievers but given time we believe that even
  they will warm towards us. We come as your family
  because we are your elder sisters and brothers of long
  standing and we wish to make a reconnection with you.
  We shall eventually join forces to go forward in the name
  of G-d and spread peace and love. It is not in the manner
  of a missionary as we are not intent of imposing our
  views or beliefs upon anyone. We respect free choice and
  wish to make all so-ls aware of their heritage and the
  Oneness of all life.
  On Earth you awakened ones are our advance party of
  Lightworkers and so much good work has been done by
  you. You were selected for such work because of your
  knowledge and proven ability to bring out the Light in
  the most darkened situations. There is always a risk
  involved and some sou-s find it difficult to lift themselves
  up. However, with the ever increasing amount of Light
  being sent to Earth it is able to awaken most -ouls,
  and already there is a surge in the numbers seeking a


20120608-Organic Computers.-61208.html[12/03/2022 10:32:59]
Organic Computers.

  greater understanding. Small beginnings are all that is
  necessary to start an avalanche of progress, and as
  time passes it will become easier to find guidance.
  One source will be our own communication ch-nnels
  with you that shall be directly from us. Indeed, it will
  be a feature of our contact with you as we intend to
  keep you fully informed of what is taking place.
  We note that your weather patterns are being affected
  by the changes of energy upon Earth. That too will
  eventually settle down and ultimately it will be more
  stable, pleasant and comfortable. We would also
  add that physical changes will be much less
  damaging than was once considered to be likely.
  You can take some credit for this situation as you
  have lifted the vibrations upon Earth and it has brought
  about a more balanced ecosystem. It will continue
  to improve until you have the ideal balance that
  suits everyone and also other forms of life. In fact
  in the future there will be little if any variation, and
  changes will be controlled automatically.
  Although your computer knowledge has advanced
  very quickly in some ways it is still in its infancy,
  but will progress in leaps and bounds once you can
  work with us. By now many will know that our
  systems involve organic computers with truly a mind
  of their own, that surpass any individual ability and
  are capable of running our ships in every respect.
  As you are finding out our technology is thousands
  of years ahead of yours, but we will be pleased to
  share it with you. That is a feature of the members
  of the Galactic Federation inasmuch that sharing of
  knowledge is commonplace, and it is not held back
  to gain an advantage over another one. On Earth
  you are used to holding onto information and even
  s-ealing it from each other to gain power.
  As you get to know us you will find out a lot with
  regards to our attitudes and approach to life that
  is far different to yours. The main reason is that
  we have no necessity to compete with each other,
  and all share in the wonders and benefits that are
  all around us. You for example are presently denied
  of many advances that would dramatically lift up
  your quality of life.
  That is because the dark Ones deliberately wish
  to keep you down and in need, whilst they sec-etly
  enjoy all of the benefits themselves. F-ee energy is
  the most important discovery that has been held
  back, and forced you to remain reliant upon the
  Petrochemical Industries for energy and many other
  products. This is one area that will be given high
  priority attention, and it will solve so many problems
  that currently result in poverty and lack of essentials,
  and give a normal life that ensures a reasonable
  standard of living.
  I am SaLuSa from Sirius, and bring you love from
  the Galactic Federation, and ask you Dear Ones
  not to lose your focus upon the future at this most
  important time, as matters are about to explode
  into your lives. All that you have hoped for and
  promised is ready on the assembly line. The thought
  of finally helping you to overcome the problems
  caused you by the Ill-minati, is exciting for us as
  we already feel the gratitude and thanks you are
  sending out. Be assured we shall do all we can
  to make the changes with the least inconvenience
  to you, but of course some are unavoidable. You
  shall be forewarned where possible and
  communications is an area that we are very proficient
  at because of our new technology. B-ess you all.
  Thank you SaLuSa.
  Mike Quinsey.


20120608-Organic Computers.-61208.html[12/03/2022 10:32:59]
Organic Computers.


20120608-Organic Computers.-61208.html[12/03/2022 10:32:59]
