{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T07:00:28Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31727, "source_ctime_ns": 1790664510862302537, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120514-The-Consp------Journal.-Part-2.-1270-01a44e55cd.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790664510802989235, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120514-The-Consp------Journal.-Part-2.-1270-01a44e55cd.pdf", "source_sha256": "a6acb09617d3e5edce62b13f0c790effb6ce5f4224623279922e45d791cef580"}

The Consp----- Journal. Part 2.


   Subject: The Consp----- Journal. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 14/05/2012, 15:39
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Comsp----- Journal.                 Part 2.
   May 13, 2012.
      This talks about Ultra-Terrestrials.
   ............................................................
   ............................................................
   Could the economy function?
   Most of the time you're using credit cards, debit cards or you'll
   be getting money out of an ATM. If you've lost the power, the
   computers in the bank that keep track of our money will have
   back-up power, but not the ATMs or the machines in the shops. So
   if you had a big power outage, it wouldn't be long before we'd
   be trying to find cash.
   What are the chances that something like this will happen soon?
   A recent paper [published in February in the journal Space Weather]
   tried to estimate the chance of having a repeat of 1859 and came up
   with a value of a 12% chance of it happening in the next 10 years.
   That's quite a high risk.
   What can be done?
   The biggest step is to make more and more people aware of the
   issue, so they're thinking about it in the way they design things.
   That's the most critical part.
   I think it's also getting a better picture of these very violent past
   events. We'd like to find out more about the scope of those events.
   We have a lot of old data from past events that's on paper - in
   newspapers and so on - and we're busy trying to find ways to
   turn it into digital.
   We had a recent flare-up of publicity in March thanks to a
   solar storm that didn't really amount to much. Is this sort of
   coverage a good thing or a bad thing?
   It makes such a good scare story, and it's entertaining. It was
   a mildly interesting event, certainly, but not at all big-league
   stuff. It makes people think, "Oh it's nothing really," so experts
   like myself are in danger of being in the crying-wolf situation.
   That's something that is a concern to me, personally.
   Source: LA Times
   http://www.latimes.com/news/science/la-sci-solar-storms-
   - THEY ARE ALL AROUND US DEPARTMENT -
   Exposing the Ultra-Terrestrial Menace!
   A Shocking Interview With "Mr UFO", Timothy Green Beckley on
   the new book E-il Empire of the ETs and the Ultra-Terrestrials.
   1. Could you tell us about the concept behind your new book,
   Ev-l Empire Of The ETs and the Ultra-Terrestrials, and what writers
   are behind this gem as well?
   Beckley - I guess it sort of continues with a thought pattern that
   started with the book Round Trip To H-ll In A Flying Saucer in
   which I give evidence that the "force" behind the UFO phenomenon
   is mostly - but not exclusively - negative. That is that the New
   Age "bliss bunny" notion that every celestial visitor has our
   best interest at heart is horrendously naive.
   In Trilogy Of The Unknown published about two months ago, we
   presented the work of a mysterious gentlemen, Michael X, who had
   started out lecturing at contactee festivals on the West Coast,
   preaching sermons of sweetness and light and the arrival of the
   Space Brotherhood, only to end his career when men representing


20120514-The Consp----- Journal. Part 2.-1270.html[12/03/2022 10:32:49]
The Consp----- Journal. Part 2.

   themselves as friendly space beings tried to a-sassinate him in
   the California Desert outside of Palm Springs. This book gets
   into misplaced alien artifacts on the Moon and a warning by "Mr
   ET" to keep our distance and stay away - OR ELSE!. There are
   also sections on N-zi constructed flying discs and reptilians
   holding up underground at the North and South Poles. A pretty
   heavy UFOlogical work load I would say.
   Now with the Evi- Empire of the ETs and Ultra-Terrestrials our team
   of trusted investigators which includes Brad and Sherry Steiger,
   the late Dr. Karla Turner, Tim R. S-artz and Sean C-steel throw
   the cosmic gauntlet down to remind readers that though some
   see the phenomenon through goo-goo eyes in terms of
   benevolent aliens the truth is that the force behind the mysterious
   flying objects is more like graduates of an A-yan charm school
   that has its basis in mutilations, abductions, painful medical
   exams, a-al probes and extreme mind control patterns.
   2. Please tell us the story of Karla Turner for those who might
   new to the field of Ufology to keep her light shining please.
   Beckley - For eleven years I was editor in chief of the now
   defunct newsstand publication UFO Universe . During the more
   than a decade I put together the magazine, I had the opportunity
   to work with some of the world's greatest UFO and p-ranormal
   writers. I published a number of articles by Dr Turner whose
   work, I felt, was never appreciated enough by those in the UFO
   community who wanted to paint a sweetness and light image of
   the aliens seemingly for the public's benefit.
   A well educated, soft spoken, woman, Dr Turner's life was
   turned around when she allowed her students to do a dissertation
   on either UFOs or Bigfoot in an attempt to show them there was
   no evidence for the existence of such "imaginary beings." A
   series of "coincidental" proceedings in her life and that of
   family members, made her think twice as they were ultimately
   cast downward in a spiral of maddening UFO related events. This
   included confronting paranormal beings which we have come to
   identify as "aliens", though their true origins remain a matter
   of dispute and perplexity. -vil Empire of the ETs and Ultra-
   Terrestrials, includes a adaptation of her UFOlogical diary
   which Dr Turner originally released under the title Into The
   Fringe. At the time of its initial release the manuscript was
   shunned by a field seeking less combative explanations of the
   UFO and alien phenomenon. In the E-il Empire her work is more or
   less collaborated by our team of authors. They agree that we
   should not conclude without a great deal of further
   investigations, that we are dealing with a-gelic, humanoid
   beings from outer space, that there is a lot more going on under
   our very noses that needs to be thoroughly sniffed out before we
   openly welcome these beings into our hearts and minds, because
   like a tiger they can easily turn on their masters and do serious
   damage to our bodies and our s-uls!
   3. Who are the Ultra-Terrestrials and where did that term come
   from, what are their roots? And what is the Ev-l Empire?
   Beckley - Well since we have no real evidence that these Ultra-
   Terrestrials are physical, flesh and tenderloin beings from
   other planets, I feel hard pressed to continue referring to them
   as aliens and ETs. They are really Ultra-Terrestrials in the
   sense that they exist outside of our own sphere of reference.
   They are certainly NOT part of the human r-ce. They are
   definitely not physical in the sense that we are, but can best
   be categorized as phantasms of the night. They are capable of
   accomplishing feats that are way beyond the realm of "humanoid-
   like."
   According to Dr. Turner, there is evidence that the Ultra-
   Terrestrials can control what we think and see. They can appear
   to us in any number of guises and shapes. They can alter our
   perception of our surroundings. They can take over our
   consciousness, disable our control of our bodies, install one of
   their own entities, and use our bodies as vehicles for their own
   activities. I can confirm what she has stated and have offered
   up case studies in much of my writing in recent years. As far as
   I am concerned there isn't much difference between what
   transpires at a sance, in a haunted house or on a lonely road
   at midnight. The visitors, these Ultra-Terrestrials have their
   own agenda, they often disguise their true purpose to throw
   percipients, as well as researchers off the track, giving them


20120514-The Consp----- Journal. Part 2.-1270.html[12/03/2022 10:32:49]
The Consp----- Journal. Part 2.

   false hope but leaving them in utter despair following their
   encounters.
   As for calling it the Evi- Empire, I do sense there is a coalition
   among these entities as if they are working in tandem and are
   ultimately up to no good.
   I think there may be more than one source for this phenomenon,
   but its probably out of our range as far as rationalizing in
   common phrases what it is we are dealing with. Its something
   that has been with us since the beginning of time and follows us
   around like a shadow, but continually shows us who the master is
   and that they have us in their grips and the human rac- under
   their control.
   4. Could you tell us about some of the hybrid creatures seen in
   the underground facilities by abductees?
   Beckley -- I would surmise you are talking about what have been
   dubbed the "underground alien bases" situated around the country
   and the world, but particularly the one up in the mountains in
   Dulce, New Mexico on an Native America reservation. Supposedly
   there is an underground instillation there that goes down seven
   levels that is inhabited jointly by a super s-cret branch of the
   mi-itary and aliens of various shapes, forms, and disguises.
   There are the reptilians, the insectoids, the grays and probably
   a couple of tall blondes who could easily walk amongst us. To me
   these stories are hard to substantiate. We did publish a book
   Underground Alien Bio Lab at Dulce that contains everything you
   could possibly want to know about this instillation from the
   fire fight that is said to have taken place there between the
   milit-ry and renegade alien forces. There are several abductees
   interviewed who claim to have been examined by the Ultra-
   Terrestrials working in cooperation with the e-ite Blue Berets
   squad in a joint effort to examine and "tag" humans. I don't
   know if I swallow most of this. My long time friend Norio
   H-yakawa and other researchers have implied that there might
   actually be some illegal genocidal experiments being conducted
   on the Native Americans living out there, and they are covering
   it up with a di-information program of aliens and underground
   bases.
   Part 2.
   John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120514-The Consp----- Journal. Part 2.-1270.html[12/03/2022 10:32:49]
