{"created_utc": "2026-10-06T04:38:45Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 26743, "source_ctime_ns": 1790688199846378925, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120309-Do-We-Have-Free-Speech-Now_-1139.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790688199831289956, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120309-Do-We-Have-Free-Speech-Now_-1139.pdf", "source_sha256": "58ddc9420461967ee03f7343e2846b12f8df72c9488392ec5ff803a93586597f"}

Do We Have Free Speech Now?


  Subject: Do We Have Free Speech Now?
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 09/03/2012, 15:20
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Do We Have Free Speech Now?
  Feb. 9, 2012.
    This talks about the fact that the space people will help us to gain
  free speech.
  ......................................................................
  ......................................................................
  J-nis
  Message from the Ashtar Command 3/7/12
  There are those of you who live on with but a portion of what others do.
  This will change. It is because of this change that those who control a
  vast percentage of your wealth have done all they can to block the
  implementation of your new financial system. They see these changes as a
  threat to the enormous amounts of wealth they have accrued over the
  years by bilking the people out of what is rightfully theirs. The
  amounts of this wealth, s-olen from you, are staggering when one sees
  how little the people have been forced to live on.
  Even in developed countries such as the U-ited States, the working-class
  lives on a fraction of what they are entitled under a system based on
  fairness. Many other countries have a very large percentage of their
  citizens living in poverty, as they have not been allowed to share in
  the natural wealth created by a society. This will also change.
  There are many other means to running a fair economic system. The
  system chosen today, again by a few, was designed by those few
  individuals themselves in order to allow them to hoard untold fortunes
  while this pilfering continued unnoticed by as many of the population
  as was possible. Those with a voice who did speak up were silenced,
  as your media outlets were bought up by these racketeers as an
  important commodity of their many assets. Without the media informing
  the people that something was wrong, many navely believed everything
  was right.
  This is also changing, and it is changing because you, the people, have
  taken it upon yourselves to be your own voices and begin sharing this
  information between yourselves, with little help from mainstream media.
  Now that you have broken the ice, it is the people that are setting the
  agenda for the media, instead of the other way around. Some of your
  major media outlets will now be following your lead, and will begin to
  cover the events, once off-limits to them, of the important proceedings
  transpiring in, and above, your world today. This is the new way, and
  you will witness this for yourselves upon the coverage of the mass
  arrests of the members of your criminal organizations and their many
  associates. This will be your sign that these media companies are now
  free from the clutches of the dark ones, and will be able to continue to
  do what they were always meant to do, and that is to report the truth of
  the events of your world.
  Many of you are astutely noticing leaks of these arrests and proceedings
  related to these investigations, as the dyke is beginning to crumble and
  very s-on will burst, releasing the floodgates of activity all around
  your planet. We, the Ashtar Command, will be closely monitoring this
  activity and we will make certain that no forces of any kind be
  permitted to interfere in any way with any of these arrests or related
  proceedings. We remain on alert, fully prepared to intervene upon any
  movement perceived as an attempt to intervene in any of these matters.
  We have the technology to remove any number of forces immediately
  from wherever it is they are located and relocate them to secure
  facilities where they will be held to face legal charges of their own.
  The forces yet aligned with the criminal C-bal have been forewarned
  of this inevitable conclusion if they attempt to interfere. We have made
  ourselves clear to them, and we will honor our word.
  Upon these many arrests, your society will immediately begin a
  restructuring from top to bottom of all g-vernments throughout your
  world. The old ways of your outdated paradigm that have failed to
  effectively govern will be replaced with an advanced form of leadership.


20120309-Do We Have Free Speech Now_-1139.html[12/03/2022 10:31:21]
Do We Have Free Speech Now?

  Under this leadership, the people of your world will be free to prosper
  and live their lives as truly free individuals, unchained from the
  doctrines of draconian rule.
  The changes will be rapid and they will be effective. No individuals as
  well will be permitted to interfere with any of these proceedings, and
  any attempt to do so will be met with swift action to remove them to
  secure facilities where they will begin a reeducation program. This is
  the way it must be. All will be free to speak out in protest of anything
  that they wish. Your people will enjoy the right of free speech and
  freedom of expression, and for many of you it will be the first time you
  will be able to do so.
  Your new leaders will initialize many new programs as soon as is
  possible to relieve the suffering and hardships of so many of your
  world. Those that are in most need of assistance will benefit first from
  these programs. That is the way it will be, and we feel many of you will
  express your wishes that this be so. What a joy it will be for many of
  you to finally see those who are most in need in your world receive the
  help they require. Many of you will be working with us and will see the
  joy on the faces of those receiving these blessings firsthand, and we
  are looking forward to doing our part to make all this possible.
  Please help us help you, by clearing the last obstacles to our arrival
  by continuing to spread the news of our presence in your skies. We wish
  to see representatives of this understanding throughout all of your
  world, and we see you making very positive strides towards this goal
  each and every day as not an hour goes by without this knowledge
  spreading to areas and to people that have never even considered these
  possibilities. For this, we are truly thankful to all that are
  participating in these efforts, and for your reward, a new Earth for
  each of you to begin your lives anew. This is what you are earning with
  your efforts today, and it will be soon that you shall receive your
  reward for a job very well done.
  Continue to lay the groundwork for these changes by making this
  information available for all to see who wish to see. This is all you
  can do for them, and we do not ask you to do anymore. It is important
  that as many as is possible be at least aware of these events as
  possibilities, whether they wish at this time to believe it will ever
  happen. This is all we intend, as it is not important for them to accept
  this information as fact. All will discover in due time that you spoke
  your truth. There will be no denying this.
  We are your Family of Light from the stars.
  As c-anneled through Greg G-les
  http://ascensionearth2012.blogspot.com
  John Winston.        johnfw@mlode.com


20120309-Do We Have Free Speech Now_-1139.html[12/03/2022 10:31:21]
