{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T17:01:17Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32831, "source_ctime_ns": 1790739915236515748, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120618-Con.-Journal.-1337-3da3255d75.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790739915225377772, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120618-Con.-Journal.-1337-3da3255d75.pdf", "source_sha256": "5ba3b389e9a745bea0d55b9f05d511c6a6eb8183f20de9d8e6a7e7ba0705e8ae"}

Con. Journal.


  Subject: Con. Journal.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 18/06/2012, 06:37
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Con. Journal.                                                  June
  17, 2012.
      This is about Nicola Tesla.
  .....................................................................
  .....................................................................
   * C-nspiracy Journal * 6/15/12 #675
  http://www.conspiracyjournal.com
  Subscribe for free at our subscription page:
  http://www.members.tripod.com/uforeview/subscribe.html
  You can view this newsletter online at:
  http://uforeview.tripod.com/conspiracyjournal675.html
  It has been going on for centuries. The dark, s-cret places
  have been their meeting rooms. Behind closed, locked doors
  they weave their plans. Like the web from a hideous spider,
  their connections are complex and far-reaching. Their
  nefarious activities seem disjointed and random -- effectively
  hiding their ultimate goal. Those who dare oppose them are
  branded as "co-spiracy nuts" and ignored. It is all part of
  the grand plan. But there is one small kink in their web of
  deceit...CON-PIRACY JOURNAL! Here each and every
  week to let you know what is really going on behind the
  wizards curtain.
  This week Cons-iracy Journal brings you such Cosmic
  stories as:
  - Star Consciousness: An Alternative to Dark Matter -
  - Mystery Surrounds New Jersey Reservoir -
  - Farmer Blames Heat Rays for Cows' D-aths -
  - The Dark Side of UFOs-
  AND: Vatican Publishes Guide on how to Deal with 'Supernatural
  Phenomena'
  All these exciting stories and MORE in this week's issue of
  CONSPI-ACY JOURNAL!
  ~ And Now, On With The Show! ~
  Weird Inventions of the Strangest Men Who Ever Lived!
  Men of Mystery - Nikola Tesla and Otis T. Carr
  HERE ARE THE UNTOLD STORIES OF INVENTOR AND WIZARD
  NIKOLA TESLA AND F-EE ENERGY FLYING SAUCER
  BUILDER OTIS T. CARR
  Here are plans for a "Telephone" to call other planets.. An
  apparatus that can read the human aura. . .a disc-shaped craft
  that can take us to the moon in under an hour.
  NIKOLA TESLA - Though chosen to share the 1912 Nobel Prize in
  Physics with Edison, Tesla refused the award and during his life
  tore up royalty contracts which would have earned him millions
  of dollars. Not much is known about this "strange" loner as
  Tesla spent most of his life in total seclusion. However, those
  who did know him even slightly say he was not a normal human,
  but a real S-PERMAN, either a r-incarnated m-ster -- or a
  spaceman with superior mental powers placed here to assist in
  earth's technological development.
  OTIS T. CARR - A student of Tesla's, the Baltimore-based
  engineer believed that every person should have the opportunity
  to travel to other planets which he believed to be inhabited by
  human-looking space people as physical as you and I. Based on
  conversations with his mentor, Carr constructed a flying saucer-
  shaped device that he believed would take us to the moon and
  beyond. He received much ridicule and harassment that eventually
  landed him in jail under bogus charges of fraud -- the


20120618-Con. Journal.-1337.html[12/03/2022 10:33:03]
Con. Journal.

  gove-nment claiming that it is impossible to create an
  operational fr-e energy device. History has made Tesla out to be
  merely a scientist and an engineer when he was really MUCH MORE.
  There is an entirely different part of his live story -- and it
  is an UNEARTHLY ONE!
  This incredible book is now available at the special price of
  only $-- (plus $-.00 shipping). Order right now and receive
  Commander X's free Audio CD about the mysterious Dr. Nikola
  Tesla.
  Global Communications
  P.O. Box 753
  New Brunswick, NJ
  Unraveling the Sec-ets
  Be sure to tune in to Unraveling The Sec-ets Saturdays at
  11:59 PM EST with your hosts, Wm. Michael Mott, Rick
  Osmon and Tim Swartz on the PSN Radio Network.
  This weeks guest:            Stan Gordon
  www.soupmedianetwork.com/unravelingthesecrets/ness
  . Greg's presentation went to work on the notion in light
  of anomalous stellar velocities and asked what might
  make such an idea possible. An excerpt of his paper on
  the seemingly incredible notion follows.
  The Dark Matter hypothesis has been invoked as an explanation
  for the fact that stars revolve around the centers of their
  galaxies faster than can be accounted for by observable matter.
  After decades of failed experimental searches, dark matter has
  remained elusive. As an alternative to the Dark Matter
  hypothesis, a idea first presented by author Olaf Stapledon is
  developed in this paper. Stars are considered to be conscious
  entities maintaining their galactic position by their volition.
  It is shown that directed stellar radiation pressure and
  stellar winds are insufficient to account for this anomalous
  stellar velocity. Previous research rules out magnetism. A
  published theory of psychokinetic action that does not violate
  quantum mechanics is discussed, as is the suggestion that
  stellar consciousness could be produced by a Casimir effect
  operating on molecules in the stellar atmosphere.
  It is shown that a discontinuity in stellar velocities as a
  function of spectral class exists. Cooler red stars in the solar
  neighborhood move faster than hotter, blue stars, as would be
  expected if the presence of molecules in stars was a causative
  factor. Further research in experimentally validating the
  psychokinetic effect and demonstrating the role of the Casimir
  effect in consciousness is required to advance the concepts
  presented here beyond the hypothesis stage.
  The motions of our Sun and other stars around the centers of
  their galaxies cannot be fully accounted for the presence of
  observable stellar or non-stellar matter. Possible modifications
  to Einstein-Newton gravitation do not seem appropriate since
  general relativity has easily passed every experimental test to
  date. Cosmologists hypothesize the existence of a non-reactive,
  non-observable but gravitating substance dubbed "dark matter" to
  account for the discrepancy. Dark matter seems to out-mass
  ordinary matter, according to many estimates.
  But science requires observation or experimental validation for
  even the most beautiful of theoretical constructs. The
  continuing failure to detect or observe candidate dark matter
  objects or particles presents astrophysics with a very serious
  anomaly. Perhaps, as was the case in the late 19th century with
  the failure to confirm the ether hypothesis, the solution to the
  dark matter paradox may require a change in paradigm.
  Here, we reintroduce a 1937-vintage hypothesis of the British
  philosopher/science-fiction author Olaf Stapledon. In his
  monumental visionary novel Star Maker, Stapledon develops the
  thesis that stars are conscious and their motions around the
  galactic center are due to voluntary stellar adherence to the
  canons of a cosmic dance. This is admittedly an extraordinary
  hypothesis. But if dark matter remains elusive and undetected no
  matter how expensive and elaborate the equipment seeking it,


20120618-Con. Journal.-1337.html[12/03/2022 10:33:03]
Con. Journal.

  exotic alternatives cannot be dismissed out of hand.
  Defining consciousness is not easy. We are all rather certain
  of our own consciousness and relatively convinced that other
  humans are conscious as well. Most would agree that whales,
  dolphins, chimps, cats and dogs are conscious organisms as well.
  But how about snakes, corn, amoeba, and bacteria? Do in fact the
  mechanisms that support consciousness in the higher animals, in
  fact, require billions of years of organic e-olution to develop?
  Or does consciousness in some form permeate the entire universe?
  Some, like Walker, conclude that consciousness cannot be
  defined. Instead, it must be thought of as the immediate
  experience of the world around us and our internal thoughts and
  emotions. Bohm believes that conscious thought is a process
  rather than an object. Kafatos and Nadeau argue that this
  process in some perhaps pantheistic sense permeates the entire
  universe. Many theories have developed to fit this elusive
  phenomenon into the framework of physical science.
  The concepts developed in this paper accept that consciousness,
  like gravitation, is built into the structure of the universe.
  Like gravitation, it cannot be explained by invoking fields or
  matter independently but requires the interaction of both.
  Many of the quantum-physics-based theories of organic
  consciousness postulate that a universal consciousness field
  interacts with electrically conducting nanostructures within the
  cell or nervous system. In higher animals (such as humans) the
  ~20-nm inter-synaptic spacing in the brain's neuronal structure
  have been suggested and analyzed by Evan Harris Walker as
  locations of the quantum-level events contributing to
  onsciousness. But all living eukaryotic cells contain
  microtubules. As suggested by Lynn Margolis, a form of
  "microbial consciousness" may be centered upon these nano-
  structures.
  Various quantum phenomena within these nanostructures have been
  suggested as the primary "active agents" of consciousness. These
  include quantum tunneling, quantum entanglement, and the Casimir
  Effect. It is known that the Casimir Effect-a pressure caused by
  vacuum fluctuations-is a component of molecular bonds.
  We propose the following Casimir-Effect approach to stellar
  consciousness. It is assumed that the interaction with vacuum
  fluctuations produces a form of consciousness in all molecular
  bonds, although this is weaker than the forms of consciousness
  affected by the interaction of vacuum fluctuations with organic
  nanostructures such as microtubules and the inter-synaptic
  spacing. Admittedly this is a pantheistic approach to the
  universe. All molecules to a certain extent are conscious. Stars
  cool enough to contain stable molecules are therefore conscious,
  at least to some extent. Over a very long period of time, they
  can apply psychokinetic effects to maintain their galactic
  position and remove at least some of the requirement for the
  thus-far undetected dark matter.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120618-Con. Journal.-1337.html[12/03/2022 10:33:03]
