{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:59:45Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27485, "source_ctime_ns": 1790671440612753488, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120703-Almost-Instantaneus-Travel.-1370.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790671440606167258, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120703-Almost-Instantaneus-Travel.-1370.pdf", "source_sha256": "cbbc1f0eabdb6f0c3c9972d92459f5e2ad14292f97831b43817eec4c0ae04372"}

Almost Instantaneus Travel.


  Subject: Almost Instantaneus Travel.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 03/07/2012, 15:59
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Almost Instantaneus Travel.                                  July 3,
  2012.
    The space people say that when they are allowed to come on
  our Earth they can give us the gift of almost Instantaneus travel.
  ...................................................
  ...................................................
  J-nis
  From: Michael Qu-nsey [mailto:michael.quinsey@mypostoffice.co.uk]
  Sent: Monday, July 02
  SaLuSa       2-July-2012
  The really exciting times have arrived as you are getting confirmation
  of the arrests that have started taking place. Your rights are such
  that you have the authority to remove those who have committed
  acts of tr-ason against you. These are clearly very necessary steps
  to allow important changes to take place that will move you on to
  the next phase in the plan. There is no way that the actions can
  be ignored much longer, and our allies are looking for sources that
  are keen to cover what is happening. Certainly with an announcement
  that is intended to set peoples minds at rest, we expect the m-dia
  to pick up on it. There will soon come a point when the news can no
  longer be hidden or ignored, and we know that there will be a mixed
  reception to it. However, we expect P-esident O-ama to address
  the world, to re-assure people that the actions are positive and in
  everyone's interests to restore world peace. It will go worldwide
  and beyond any attempts of the dark Ones to gag it.
  We of the Galactic Federation of Light will for a time continue to
  work in the background, but look for the first opportunity to
  introduce disclosure.
  It not only covers our history of working for you and with you, but
  also the general interest shown in your e-olution over a period
  of thousands of years.
  However, it will give us the chance to present some of the
  different civilizations that you are to meet. All will have some
  link to you if only to have had a hand in your genetic
  ev-lution. At a s-ul level we are all the from the Source,
  but have travelled different paths according to our choice
  of experience. Differences between us do therefore exist
  but we are all evo-ving like you except that some sou-s are
  at higher levels than others.
  In leaps and bounds you will quickly find yourselves being
  elevated to the next stage in your upliftment. Many of you
  have already been primed for a new way of life, and it will
  set you up for your return to the higher realms that will
  come with Ascension. A wonderful fulfilling life awaits you
  which will seem like he-ven after your experiences in
  duality. You will not only understand how energy comes
  into your lives, but also how to use to use it for your
  needs. The emphasis will be put on the different ways it
  can be used, and not least of all as a means of space travel.
  On Earth you spend huge amounts of time travelling around
  in what we see as antiquated forms of transport, It will no
  longer be necessary to waste so much time in that way,
  and you will be gifted with technology that allows for
  almost instantaneous travel. All are based on the use of
  f-ree energy which is clean and non-polluting. The dark
  Ones have already developed some craft of this type, and
  the technology known to them for a very long time. You
  have been denied its use so as not to affect the standing
  of traditional methods of travel, and to ensure they keep
  their power over other countries.
  Your dreams will come true and the most wonderful changes


20120703-Almost Instantaneus Travel.-1370.html[12/03/2022 10:33:09]
Almost Instantaneus Travel.

  will come with freedom being returned to you. You have
  become so used to being controlled in virtually everything
  you do that you have forgotten what it is like to be free.
  You will get a taste of it before Ascension, but remember
  that with freedom comes responsibility not to indulge in
  activities that cause danger or harm to others. With the
  coming of your higher levels of consciousness, will also
  come a more compassionate and balanced understanding
  of how to relate to other sou-s. It is the desire to be at
  One with all life that will enable you to take your place
  amongst those you will be joining. We know that the
  harshness of the Earths vibrations is not conducive to a
  peaceful existence, and you are continually challenged to
  keep calm and in control of your emotions.
  You have been tested and tried for millennia of time, often
  repeating the same lessons many times over. You have
  proved that you can exist in an advanced civilization, and
  you are welcomed into the higher realms. You have
  raised your vibrational levels and it will ensure that you
  are ready to ascend. Those who are not ready will have
  no inclination to leave duality, and will by choice continue
  their experiences at the same level. The paths open to
  you are clearly defined and you cannot move beyond your
  station. However, all is continually in a state of change
  and you will eventually make progress as all so-ls do.
  Let go of your earthly attachments and instead be in
  readiness to expand your consciousness to take in what
  will be a new way of life. As you learn more about us and
  get an opportunity to visit us on our ships, you will see
  first hand how we live and intermix with other civilizations.
  All act in service to one another and it is a blessing to
  be able to do so. The ego's have been tamed and the
  needs of self are not put ahead of any others. We are
  a community in harmony and putting our energies into
  serving the Supreme Creator. We get great satisfaction
  from doing so, and do not for one moment think that it
  restricts our freedom in anyway. We love our work and
  the contribution we make to All That Is helping to uplift
  all other life forms.
  Our lives are full and most satisfying and it is by choice
  that we serve in our own particular way. It is no more or
  no less than you would do helping your own brothers and
  sisters. We are after all one big family who acknowledge
  the gift of life given us by our Father/Mother G-d, and
  have been provided with all that we could possibly need
  to enjoy our existence. We are also co-creators with Go-
  having reached a higher state of being and able to use
  such powers with complete responsibility. On Earth few
  really understand the potential powers they have, and
  do not realize that they are responsible for the way
  their civilization has evo-ved. Consequently you also
  reap what you sow, which is why you have ended up
  in duality. However, you have found your way out of it
  and many are now able to take the opportunity to
  ascend.
  I am SaLuSa from Sirius, and wish you the most happy
  times that release from duality will bring you.
  Thank you SaLuSa.
  Mike Qui-sey.
  The above address is one way only my address is:
  michael.quinsey@mypostoffice.co.uk
  Subscribe to our Lists in the left hand column.
  ..........................
  John Winston.               johnfw@mlode.com


20120703-Almost Instantaneus Travel.-1370.html[12/03/2022 10:33:09]
