{"created_utc": "2026-10-07T04:09:47Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30074, "source_ctime_ns": 1790706573342530413, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120620-Rising-Flood-Waters.-Part-2-of-2.-61232.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790706573334398866, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120620-Rising-Flood-Waters.-Part-2-of-2.-61232.pdf", "source_sha256": "8c44cf8dee2efb8b0b9090fe457172d676231f9a04941729285cb2ea70fc3484"}

Rising Flood Waters.


  Subject: Rising Flood Waters.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 19/06/2012, 22:43
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Rising Flood Waters.
  June 19, 2012.
    Here are some space people who think the floodwaters of the ocean
  will rise. This may happen and it may not.
  ..............................................................
  ..............................................................
  Ascension Earth 2012
  Ja-is
  ---------------------------------
        Message from the Galactic Federation of Light 6/18/12
  The Ark of Noah & 2012
        Posted: 18 Jun 2012
        The ark of Noah, built of birch and wood, for all the animals to be
  relocated to safety. This story of Noah and his ark, the animals and
  the great flood that consumed much of your Earth is a true account,
  for the most part, of the past history of your planet. What we would
  like to make clear to you today is that there will be a period in your
  near future where again your planet will receive rising water levels
  which again will result in the flooding of some of the populated
  areas of your world.
        We do not wish to alarm and we certainly do not wish to frighten.
  What we wish to do is inform you. This is one of the main reasons
  we are here.
  A great deal of our mission concerns sharing information with you
  that we feel will assist you greatly on your personal, as well as
  collective journey, as a team of family, friends and neighbors,
  and you all are each other's neighbors no matter how far your
  home is from one of your brothers or sisters. We would like
  to begin to roll out portions of our plan that will enable millions
  of your people who choose to trust us and who choose to work
  with us and who choose to temporarily remove themselves
  from these areas we consider areas that will receive these
  rising water levels.
        There will be plenty of time and plenty of room for everyone
  to board our arks that we will supply you, just as we supplied
  Noah and the others that followed his lead and trusted that
  relocating temporarily from their homesteads was the most
  prudent way to proceed on their journey.
  We are not asking anything of you that was not asked of Noah
  and his family, his friends and his followers. What we asked
  of them back thousands of years of your time ago is what
  we shall ask of you at this time of your present day. We ask
  you to remain calm, to remain always poised, to remain
  centered and balanced, to remain within the vibration of
  love, of peace, of hope, of charity, of mercy, of kindness, of
  sharing, of forgiveness, and bestow upon your brothers and
  bestow upon your sisters these wonderful and beautiful and
  warm aspects of the vibration of love.
        There is nothing that the vibration of f-ar can offer
  you but more lessons of how the vibration of fear will
  bring to you sorrow, pain, misery, destitution, challenge,
  struggle, hardship and hopelessness. There are so many
  of you who no longer need or desire to learn the lessons
  that the vibration of fea- will bring to you, and we hear
  your call and are responding to your call that you, our
  dearly loved brothers and sisters, are now ready to
  experience what it is that the vibration of love will bring
  to you and to your lives and the lives of your friends,
  families and your neighbors. Help us help you experience
  what it is that you feel will now bring to you lessons
  and experiences that will bring about for you your higher


20120620-Rising Flood Waters. Part 2 of 2.-61232.html[12/03/2022 10:33:04]
Rising Flood Waters.

  good, your higher purpose, a higher standard of living
  and a higher means to deal with problems and obstacles
  that may present themselves in your path.
        That is what the vibration of love will bring you as
  compared to the vibration of fear that will not bring to
  you effective methods to deal with challenges and the
  overcoming of obstacles. This is the difference between
  these two vibrations. Do you understand this clearly dear
  ones, for this is one of the most important lessons you
  will ever learn, and at this time is by far the most
  important lesson for you to learn, to fully comprehend,
  and not only remember, but keep at the forefront of your
  consciousness each and every moment of each and
  every day as you move forward. If you could do this, if
  you could remember to remind yourself all throughout
  your day that each and every choice that you make,
  each and every thought that you create and each and
  every action that you take is a choice between the
  vibration of love and the vibration of -ear, then you will
  begin to consciously create your future experience by
  consciously choosing the path you will travel.
        Your journeys can be so much more than they are
  at this time. Whenever you choose to fear something or
  to react in f-ar at news or a challenge or a confrontation
  you are choosing the lessons and experiences that
  await down that darkened road, but if you choose
  instead to react to news and to new challenges,
  obstacles and confrontation with love, then, as well,
  you will experience what lessons will await you down
  that lighted path, and we say to you that these lessons
  will be wonderful lessons that will result in fonder
  memories and cherished experiences, for these
  treasures are what line the lighted path.
        Today you are being offered news in the form of
  a challenge that awaits you up ahead. You are being
  notified that sea levels will rise as you approach the
  last few months of your calendar year of 2012. You are
  now being informed that there will be several areas
  around your planet that will receive high enough levels
  of flooding that temporary relocations are the only
  means to ensure the safety and comfort of thousands
  and even millions of your population. How you choose
  to receive, register and respond to this information
  that we are sharing with you is all up to you. We will
  not tell you that you must process this information
  through the ch-nnels of fe-r or the chan-els of love. We
  will leave this choice up to each and every one of you
  to decide for yourselves which is the way you wish to
  experience these events ahead.
        We say to you that for those of you who will choose
  to trust us, your brothers and sisters of the Galactic
  Federation of Light, that we will provide our arks which
  are very large, are very comfortable, are very advanced
  technologically and are even very beautiful, and most
  importantly they will keep those of you who choose
  this way to experience the days ahead safe from the
  rising floodwaters. For those of you who choose a different
  path, we would like to make it clear to you that we
  honor and respect your choice not to trust us, not to
  wish to work with us, and not to board our arks that will
  lift you to safety. You will be left to deal with this
  obstacle of rising floodwaters on your own and through
  the means of your personal and go-ernmental resources.
        We say to you if you are counting on your local and
  federal govern-ents to design and implement some form
  of safety procedures or relocation for their citizens, we
  tell you that you are placing your faith in by far the wrong
  hands. The gov-rnments of your planet are only interested
  in preserving the well being of themselves and their
  families. They do not give one moment of their day to
  thinking about how you will cope with these approaching
  events, and they certainly have made no efforts to plan for
  relocations or to in some way prevent the rising seas
  from approaching over their shores.
  It is we, your brothers and sisters of the higher realms who
  have for some time now worked diligently on plans that


20120620-Rising Flood Waters. Part 2 of 2.-61232.html[12/03/2022 10:33:04]
Rising Flood Waters.

  will see to the safety and well-being of each and every
  individual on your planet that wishes to relocate to safe
  harbors. This is the difference between your world
  govern-ents and we of the Galactic Federation of Light.
  We will leave it up to you to decide for yourselves and
  choose for yourselves in whose hands you wish to place
  the safety and protection of yourselves and your families.
        We wish to remind you that we too are your neighbors,
  as your borders do not end at your country lines that
  have been drawn on a map, your continents or even
  your planet, as there are no borders that are recognized
  by our Creator and the Creator of this universe. This
  universe is borderless and it is boundless by the amount
  of love that vibrates and keeps it all together in wonderful
  motion and animation, and we wish to remind you all that
  there are no lines drawn in the sand between ra-es of
  people from the higher dimensions, the realms we call
  home. These lines drawn in the sand are only figments of
  the illusion of your 3rd dimensional journey into the physical.
  To not trust us to work with us in the days ahead is to
  honor an illusion and not the reality which is love.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20120620-Rising Flood Waters. Part 2 of 2.-61232.html[12/03/2022 10:33:04]
