{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:50:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 37042, "source_ctime_ns": 1790667884662383452, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120202-Wanna-Take-A-Ride.-Part-3-of-3.-1075.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790667884598482779, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120202-Wanna-Take-A-Ride.-Part-3-of-3.-1075.pdf", "source_sha256": "aa80133447a6de2010c8ac4067b4ac9c6ef07ea6a20d01002df3e839997dfac5"}

Wanna Take A Ride. Part 3 of 3.


  Subject: Wanna Take A Ride. Part 3 of 3.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 02/02/2012, 06:24
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Wanna Take A Ride?                 Part 3 of 3.
  Feb. 2, 2012.
     This tells what you should take along on the trip.
  ....................................................................
  ....................................................................
  Now, those who have had that kind of power - and sometimes it is
  military, sometimes it is financial, those are the two biggest obstacles
  and they do not want to give [up] what they think they still have. Now,
  the irony in this is that they think they have it. And because they think
  they have it, they are also able to dupe others into thinking they have it.
  That is not really the case.
  Now, I have no desire to create fear or threatening situations, because
  what happens - and it does not matter whether it was in Sirius or on Earth
  - people become reactive, defensive. So that is the last thing we want to
  do.
  But those in power cling. And now you can say - you have an expression,
  holding on by their nails, or the skin of their teeth, and that is exactly
  what is going on. And that is why we are pushing the envelope. You think
  that you - and I know, dear brother, that you - are anxious, excited, and
  want this opening. But so do we. We want to help, we want to observe, we
  want to see what you build that looks like love.
  Yes, there are dimensional shifts and paradigm shifts, but what we
  really want to witness and to participate where we are welcome, is to
  see how do you build with love. Because this is a model. This will be
  changing many universes. So the obstacles, the biggest obstacles are
  simply those - and it is a human obstacle - that are clinging to false
  illusions of their own power, or the power of their nation, a misplaced
  belief that there are boogie men behind every bush, and that they
  must defend to the death.
  That is a very outmoded and outdated way to live. And more
  importantly, it is not even a nice way to live. It is not a joyous
  way to live.
  That lack of joy, the heaviness of those belief systems, is what has
  abbreviated human life spans. You were not constructed just to last
  several decades! So these obstacles can be blown away like dust,
  and they can be blown away by the sharing of concrete evidence,
  yes, but also by the anchoring of understanding.
  SB: All right, thank you. Just before continuing with questions - I
  don't want to run out of time and forget to ask you these very short
  questions - how long will people be away for? How many days would
  you estimate?
  G: Don't forget we travel very fast!
  SB: I actually am aware of that. [laugh]
  G: Now, we will [ ? ] so that there is an accommodation, because there
  are some physical considerations that need to be taken into account.
  But no, you will not get space travel illness. That will be taken care
  of. We have taken care of that a long, long time ago. You can anticipate
  being gone about ten days.
  SB: Ten days? All right. And what do they need to take with them?
  G: Their toothbrush. That is a joke. [laugh]
  SB: [laugh] What - what else?
  G: They do not need to take much. And the pick-up will
  be rather rapid. So understand that as well. Take what
  is meaningful to them. So even though you know that
  we have communication tools, bring your own. Yes, they
  will work onboard, whether it is a journal or an Ipad or


20120202-Wanna Take A Ride. Part 3 of 3.-1075.html[12/03/2022 10:31:09]
Wanna Take A Ride. Part 3 of 3.

  a camera. But also bring those things that will bring
  you comfort, because you will be in an alien environment.
  Now, the ship is very comfortable, let me reassure you.
  But you will be in a very different environment. It will
  be amazing. It will be phenomenal. But it will be alien.
  So bring what comforts you. And if that is your flannel
  pajamas, do that; if it is your teddy bear or your rosary,
  do that. Bring what comforts you, and bring pictures
  of your family.
  SB: All right. Do we need to bring 10 days worth of
  dress, or - how?
  G: No, we have ways of cleaning as you walk through a
  door.
  SB: Okay, that's very good. And how should we dress -
  informally, or more formally?
  G: We - the - what you will find on board ship is that we
  tend to stay in uniform, but when we are off duty, they
  tend to be very casual. It is about comfort, so there can
  be no suits, no ties. Bring a sweatshirt, bring comfortable
  clothes, and bring what you call running shoes.
  SB: You're describing my favorite outfit, so that's fine with
  me.
  And how shall I convey the names to you of the twenty or
  slightly more, because I predict that I'm going to get some
  call probably this evening from a few people, how do I
  convey the names to you?
  G: How public do you want this? I do not want their houses
  or their homes to be harassed. Send them to Linda.
  SB: Send them to Linda? What arrangement would you like
  us to make? Or - we won't be talking to you before next week.
  G: Yes, you will be.
  SB: How's that, Grener?
  G: You will be talking with us. But, yes,                        -
  SB: Okay.
  G: When you make the arrangements, do not worry about
  people being picked up. As long as they feel that they are
  ready for - transmittal, on the Saturday, that is what we
  will plan on.
  SB: All right. Okay, that -
  G: So the gathering of our guests will take place on Saturday.
  SB: All right. And I'm presuming that you have all that in hand.
  We don't have to worry about the details.
  G: We have the ability, we have limousine service. They are
  called space bicycles.
  SB: Okay. Gee! What form do they take? Are they like small
  ships?
  G: Yes, that is correct.
  SB: Okay. Well, this is very exciting. This is very, very exciting. All
  right, I - so, we have about 10 minutes, 15 minutes left to go, and
  perhaps I can ask you some questions that listeners have sent in,
  if that's okay?
  G: I would be honored.
  SB: All right. First of all, has the divine deadline for Disclosure
  itself passed?
  Oh, yes. It passed quite a while ago.
  SB: So it didn't automatically mean that you would disclose. So
  what is the meaning of divine [deadline], given that it's past?
  What did the passing result in?


20120202-Wanna Take A Ride. Part 3 of 3.-1075.html[12/03/2022 10:31:09]
Wanna Take A Ride. Part 3 of 3.


  G: It's resulted in us formulating a plan where we would be able
  to bring forward what we thought the human beings would do
  on their own. So you're witnessing part of that tonight. What it
  did was to bring into place a different, perhaps a more assertive,
  injection of energy to ensure that this came to pass.
  We don't really care about politicians, because it is not
  politicians that sit at our Council table. Or it is not politicians
  of the ilk of how you think of politicians. We don't care so much,
  and the Divine doesn't care if the politicians announce what is
  already known far and wide. What we have cared about has
  been that they, in fact, would create fear-mongering, so that it
  would go the other way. So that if Disclosure was made, they
  would say, - These are our enemies, and we must active our
  military forces to combat those who would come to rule us.
  Now, ideally, yes, we wanted those who we respect as the
  head, the elected officials of different countries - your G-20
  - to come forward and say, - We have a magnificent
  announcement to make, - and it would have been done in a
  very unified setting. But this underlying power, this desire
  to maintain power with missile silos and monetary control
  got in the way.
  But the Divine has a way of helping us always. They always
  have defined different ways. As long as it does not create
  fear. Because we come in love.
  That is the promise that we have made, not only to the
  Trinity, but to ourselves. That is our pledge, that we operate
  under.
  SB: All right. Thank you -
  G: There are many species, many galaxies, but our pledge is
  unified.
  SB: That leads me into the next question. Rather than ask
  them singly I'm going to read them out to you, and you can
  answer them collectively.
  Some listeners want to know how many ships are around the
  Earth presently, why they can't be seen. Are they all manned
  by galactic humans? And why is the Ascension of so much
  interest to others?
  G: Well, at any given time - I do not want to overwhelm you,
  but - there are levels, layers of ships. You cannot see them
  all, but you see many of them in your night sky. There are -
  when you compile the what we would call motherships with
  the science ships, the healing ships, the small explorer
  ships, what you think of as space bicycles - oh, we have
  millions of ships.
  Now, over, right directly over? Within reaching distance? We
  would have about, oh, 16,000.
  We are in constant rotation, while there are some that have
  never come too close. They are manned by what you think
  of as humans, galactic humans.
  I myself am Hussian [sp?], but I appear as human. We all
  appear as human.
  And certainly for the time being -
  SB: What does Hussian-? What does Hussian mean, Grener?
  What do you -.
  G: Hussian is an ancient race. It is an ancient race. You are
  familiar with it, you just do not know it. We look, we have a
  tendency to look - although in human form, humanoid form,
  very catlike.
  SB: Such as the -
  G: As the Hathor.
  SB: As the Hathor? All right. Thank you.
  G: So, there are many of us. And yes, we will all look familiar.
  Now, those of you who come to visit with us will have options
  to see many different kinds of allies. But most of us appear
  very human. You're a little taller, perhaps a little broader. But


20120202-Wanna Take A Ride. Part 3 of 3.-1075.html[12/03/2022 10:31:09]
Wanna Take A Ride. Part 3 of 3.

  not significantly different.
  SB: Will we be permitted to tape-record and take photos?
  G: Yes.
  SB: And should we purchase tape-recorders and cameras,
  or do you have equipment on board that -
  G: Oh, we have lots of equipment that we can loan you, and
  give you, actually. Then you can bring the equipment back
  too, and that will give them something to look at it, will it
  not?
  SB: Oh, yes. Indeed it will. And would it be compatible
  with our equipment here?
  G: Yes. We can do those adjustments. We have no problem
  doing that.
  SB: By thought?
  G: No, by technology. We will give you what you think of as
  adapters.
  SB: All right. Will we be on the third dimension, the fifth
  dimension, seventh dimension, eleventh dimension?
  G: You will not go the eleventh dimension. We will not go -
  it is very unlikely that we will go beyond the seventh. But
  it will also feel and you will have an experience, a physical
  third dimensional experience, but it will shift and you will
  know what it is like to be in the fifth or the seventh. Or
  the sixth, for that matter.
  SB: Now one of our team members has said that we would
  need to take a pill, and I know from my readings of the
  astral planes that if a person travelled higher they were
  put in a protective covering, etcetera. Is there some
  procedure such as that that would be taken to allow us to
  be on the fifth or sixth or seventh dimension?
  G: What we do is we place you in the - first we attune you in
  the healing chambers, and we make sure that everything is
  in alignment so that you would not be suffering any physical
  effects. You would feel that you are a little, at times, light
  headed. But we can adjust that as well. In the direction
  that you need. We have no desire for any of you to experience
  a moment of illness.
  SB: All right. Thank you. Is there anything that I haven't
  asked you that the people who go on this trip should know?
  G: Yes. Because I have seen it in my own forces, as I said. I
  used to be the commander. Now, when you are about to
  embark on a mission, whether it is a day, an hour, or a
  thousand years, you get nervous. You get a little antsy and
  maybe even a teensy bit frightened. Just breathe. We would
  never, ever do anything that would place you, or any of you,
  at risk. This is a joy ride. Quite literally. This is something
  we haven't done in thousands of years! [laughs]
  SB: And just for our listeners, when you say breathe,
  breathing actually breaks up fear patterns, right? By
  expanding the chest?
  G: Yes.
  SB: Is that why you tell us to breathe?
  G: Keep breathing. And we always like the halion, the
  midnight blue and gold. If you are frightened, ask Michael
  to come with you. He will.
  SB: Wonderful. Thank you, Grener. We're looking forward
  to our trip with a great deal of anticipation. Thank you for
  coming here today and addressing us.
  G: Thank you for having me. Farewell.
  SB: Farewell.


20120202-Wanna Take A Ride. Part 3 of 3.-1075.html[12/03/2022 10:31:09]
Wanna Take A Ride. Part 3 of 3.


  [END]
  Part 3 of 3.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120202-Wanna Take A Ride. Part 3 of 3.-1075.html[12/03/2022 10:31:09]
