{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:51:24Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32102, "source_ctime_ns": 1790678666166756757, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120412-Underground-Bases.-61094.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790678666083546931, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120412-Underground-Bases.-61094.pdf", "source_sha256": "885f6485c5e570881fbed56e363edbf09c642b9c2bc633ee35a81b703a8ef52d"}

Underground Bases.


  Subject: Underground Bases.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 12/04/2012, 17:30
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Underground Bases.
  April 12, 2012.
    Here is some information about some underground facilities many
  of which may have been blown up by now.
  ................................................................
  ................................................................
  N-zi Engineers, S-cret U.S. M-litary Bases, and Elevators To The
  Subterranean and Submarine Depths (Part 1)
  http://theintelhub.com/2012/04/10/nazi-engineers-secret-u-s-military-bases-and-elevators-to-the-
  subterranean-and-submarine-depths-part-1/
    1 Comment
     The Intel Hub
  By Dr. Richard S-uder
  With Commentary By Shepard A-bellas & Alex T-omas
  April 10, 2012
  (The following is Part 1 of an exclusive underground base series
  brought to you by The Intel Hub with excerpts from the book
  Hidden in Plain Sight: Beyond the X-Files, written by acclaimed
  underground base researcher and author, Dr. Richard Sa-der.)
  In the preliminary stages of my research in the early 1990s, I had no
  informed idea of how deep below the surface underground bases could
  reach. By chance I had gone to hear a public talk by a man I did not
  know, on a topic that had nothing whatsoever to do with underground
  bases.
  However, during the talk he unexpectedly made an offhand comment
  that caused me to think that he knew something about se-ret underground
  facilities. A few days later, I telephoned him and asked if I could come
  by his office to speak with him.
  He consented to give me a little of his time, so I went by and asked
  him some questions, including about a specific location where I believed
  there was a sec-et underground base. He verified that there was a base
  there and told me that it was one mile deep.
  At the time, that seemed improbably deep to me. I now understand,
  however, that it is well within the state of the art of the underground
  excavation and construction industries to build facilities one mile
  deep. In fact, facilities can be even deeper than that.
  Other information that has since been given to me has raised the
  question of facilities possibly as deep as 12 to 14 miles. Frankly, I do
  not know what the technological limits are in the super-sec-et, b-ack
  budget realm of compartmentalized programs.
  But I can make some fairly well educated deductions based on what I
  have been told and information gleaned from the open engineering and
  industrial literature.
  At a minimum, my investigation suggests that depths up to three miles
  are feasible, and that conclusion is based on a careful reading of the
  open scientific, mining and civil engineering literature.
  At one time I considered greater depths than that as unattainable,
  but no longer. While I don't know the limitations of the technology in
  the clandestine realm, based on everything I have heard over the years
  it must surpass the limits found in the open technical literature.
  It could be that with classified improvements in material science and
  mining engineering that bases can be sited many miles beneath the
  surface of the land or the seafloor. Frankly, I now surmise that we are
  dealing with a science-fiction-like reality that has been held back from
  public knowledge.
  In that regard, it is clear to me that there are power structures on
  this planet that closely interface with, and yet remain separate from,
  the official power establishment of any nation as publicly presented in
  the mainstream news media.
  The sum total of all the many years of reading and research I have
  done, coupled with the myriad conversations I have had with an extremely


20120412-Underground Bases.-61094.html[12/03/2022 10:32:35]
Underground Bases.

  eclectic selection of individuals, even raises the question as to
  whether some control structures and agencies for this planet may
  possibly extend off-planet.
  But even if that is not the case, we are certainly dealing at the
  least with trillions of dollars of off-the-books money, very advance
  technology, an incredible infrastructure of secre-y, thousands and
  thousands of people who are in the know but say little or nothing about
  what they know, all of which revolves around projects of tremendous
  scope and complexity, carried out over a long period of time, and about
  which there is almost zero public knowledge.
  Alex Th-mas: The trillions of dollars off the books, advanced
  technology, and the infrastructure of secr-cy have all been brought
  about by numerous globalist organizations such as the C-R, the
  T-ilateral Commission, and the B-lderberg Group as well as many
  other even more sec-etive groups that are not even known by name.
  Those involved with underground bases may literally know that
  they will be immediately k-lled if they speak out about what they
  know.
  I don't know how many secre- underground bases there are, but they
  surely do exist, there is no question of that.
  In 1987, Lloyd A. D-scha, the then-Deputy Director of Engineering and
  Construction for the U..S. Army Corps of Engineers, gave a talk at an
  engineering conference entitled Underground Facilities for D-fense
  Experience and Lessons. In the first paragraph of his talk he stated
  that:
  After World W-r II, p-litical and economic factors changed the
  underground construction picture and caused a renewed interest to
  think underground. As a result of this interest, the Corps of
  Engineers became involved in the design and construction of some
  very complex and interesting mi-itary projects. [1]
  A little further on he said: Although the conference program indicates
  the topic to be Underground Facilities for De-ense Experience and
  Lessons, I must deviate a little because several of the most
  interesting facilities that have been designed and constructed by
  the Corps are c-assified. [2]
  Subsequently Mr. Dus-ha went into a discussion of the Corps
  involvement in the 1960s in the construction of the large and
  elaborate N-RAD base buried deep beneath Cheyenne Mountain,
  in Colorado. And then he said: As stated earlier, there are other
  projects of similar scope, which I cannot identify, but which
  included multiple chambers up to 50 feet wide and 100 feet
  high using the same excavation procedures mentioned for the
  NO-AD facility. [3]
  You will not find a franker public admission of the existence
  of sec-et, underground bases than that.
  It carries all the more weight coming from Lloyd Dusc-a, given
  his high position in the mil-tary-industrial complex.
  She-ard: I myself have conducted an interview with the owner
  of a major private underground base & shelter construction
  firm. What he told Bob Tu-kin and myself off air during a
  commercial break was absolutely mind-blowing.
  He literally admitted that most of his clientele is I-luminati
  affiliated, including po-iticians, movie stars, and more. He
  maintained that client confidentiality was a factor,
  claiming that half of the business is reinforced homes.
  Leaving the other 50% up to speculation.
  The company has even built 3 massive arks for a doomsday
  scenario just like you see in the movie 2012. This was
  covered by C-N.
  The Project Paperclip, Na-i Connection
  It is not accidental that Lloyd Dusch- mentioned the U.S.
  Army Corps of Engineers increased interest in underground
  bases and construction in the post-World Wa- II period.
  In the closing stages of WW II, the U.S. mi-itary overran the
  Third Reich and confiscated a treasure trove of Naz-
  technology, engineering facilities and research laboratories.
  The American mili-ary also apprehended and detained
  large numbers of -azi scientists, engineers and technicians,
  many of whom were brought to the U-ited States under
  the auspices of the infamous Project Paperclip and
  integrated into American industry, research institutes and
  into the mil-tary and other official agencies.
  Read Project Paperclip File 1 Read Project Paperclip File
  2 Read Project Paperclip File 3, The cases of such Project
  Paperclip notables as Wernher von B-aun, and other -N-zis
  who were put to work building rockets and missiles for the
  mi-itary and NA-A, are well known.
  The American pol-tical and m-litary establishments were very
  impressed with Na-i V-2 and buzz b-mb missile technology,


20120412-Underground Bases.-61094.html[12/03/2022 10:32:35]
Underground Bases.

  and brought Von Br-un and his team to the USA at w--r's
  end to continue and advance the research and design they
  had done under Hi-ler's Third Reich.
  The development of the manned space program, satellite
  technology, deep space probes, intercontinental n-clear
  missiles and cruise missiles are all fruits of their work.
  But Project Paperclip had another aspect which has
  received almost no publicity. And that aspect had to do
  with the underground facilities that the American mi-itary
  discovered when they entered the remnants of the Third
  Reich in the concluding stages of open mil-tary hostilities
  between the Allied and Axis powers in the European theater.
  I have two de-lassified Project Paperclip memoranda in
  my files that specifically request four men with expertise
  in underground construction, one of whom is Xaver Do-sch.
  Project Paperclip File Xaver Dor-ch File. The other men
  are not known to me, but Xaver Dors-h is. He was the
  director of the so-called To-t Organization in the closing
  phase of WW II.
  The Tod- Organization was originally headed by Fritz -odt,
  whence the name. Fritz T-dt was the designer and creator
  of the well-known German autobahn system of highways.
  The To-t organization served a somewhat analogous function
  in the Third Reich to that of the U.S. Army Corps of
  Engineers or the U.S. N-vy Seabees in the present American
  mi-itary system.
  In other words, it was a civil engineering agency that
  supported the operations of the German mili-ary, though,
  unlike the case of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers or the
  U.S. Na-y Seabees in the American system, the To-t
  Organization was not a formal part of the German milit-ry
  structure.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120412-Underground Bases.-61094.html[12/03/2022 10:32:35]
