{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:31:00Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32160, "source_ctime_ns": 1790676803538357765, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120306-More-Eve-And-Adam.-Part-2.-1132-0ca8150ac5.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790676803501428028, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120306-More-Eve-And-Adam.-Part-2.-1132-0ca8150ac5.pdf", "source_sha256": "e6b44dbc4df4f8a860d7891fe2e2e7e8834d394c91b1603304fe5499505c90a4"}

More Eve And Adam. Part 2.


  Subject: More Eve And Adam. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 06/03/2012, 15:32
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: More Eve And Adam.               Part 3.
  Feb. 5, 2012.
     This brings us up to the end of paper number 74 of the Urantia Book.
  .............................................................
  .............................................................
  The laws of the Garden were based on the older codes of Dalamatia and were
  promulgated under seven heads:
  74:7.13
  1. The laws of health and sanitation.
  2. The social regulations of the Garden.
  3. The code of trade and commerce.
  4. The laws of fair play and competition.
  5. The laws of home life.
  6. The civil codes of the golden rule.
  7. The seven commands of supreme moral rule.
  The moral law of Eden was little different from the seven commandments of
  Dalamatia.
  But the Adamites taught many additional reasons for these commands; for
  instance, regarding the injunction against m-rder, the indwelling of the
  Thought
  Adjuster was presented as an additional reason for not destroying human
  life.
  They taught that whoso sheds man's b-ood by man shall his bl-od be shed, for
  in
  the image of G-d made he man.
  The public w-rship hour of Eden was noon; sunset was the hour of family
  worship.
  Adam did his best to discourage the use of set p-ayers, teaching that
  effective pr-yer must be wholly individual, that it must be the desire of
  the
  s-ul but the Edenites continued to use the pra-ers and forms handed down
  from
  the times of Dalamatia. Adam also endeavored to substitute the
  offerings of the fruit of the land for the blo-d sacrifices in the
  re-igious ceremonies but had made little progress before the disruption
  of the Garden.
  Adam endeavored to teach the ra-es s-x equality. The way Eve worked
  by the side of her husband made a profound impression upon all
  dwellers in the Garden. Adam definitely taught them that the woman,
  equally with the man, contributes those life factors which unite to form
  a new being. Theretofore, mankind had presumed that all procreation
  resided in the loins of the father. They had looked upon the mother as
  being merely a provision for nurturing the unborn and nursing the
  newborn.
  Adam taught his contemporaries all they could comprehend, but that
  was not very much, comparatively speaking. Nevertheless, the more
  intelligent of the ra-es of earth looked forward eagerly to the time
  when they would be permitted to intermarry with the superior children
  of the violet r-ce. And what a different world Urantia would have
  become if this great plan of uplifting the rac-s had been carried out!
  Even as it was, tremendous gains resulted from the small amount of
  the bl-od of this imported -ace which the evolu-ionary peoples
  incidentally secured.
  And thus did Adam work for the welfare and uplift of the world of his
  sojourn. But it was a difficult task to lead these mixed and mongrel
  peoples in the better way.
  8. The Legend of Creation
  The story of the creation of Urantia in six days was based on the
  tradition that Adam and Eve had spent just six days in their initial
  survey of the Garden. This circumstance lent almost s-cred sanction
  to the time period of the week, which had been originally introduced
  by the Dalamatians. Adam's spending six days inspecting the
  Garden and formulating preliminary plans for organization was not


20120306-More Eve And Adam. Part 2.-1132.html[12/03/2022 10:31:20]
More Eve And Adam. Part 2.

  prearranged; it was worked out from day to day. The choosing of
  the seventh day for wo-ship was wholly incidental to the facts
  herewith narrated.
  The legend of the making of the world in six days was an afterthought,
  in fact, more than thirty thousand years afterwards. One feature of
  the narrative, the sudden appearance of the sun and moon, may
  have taken origin in the traditions of the onetime sudden emergence
  of the world from a dense space cloud of minute matter which had
  long obscured both sun and moon.
  The story of creating Eve out of Adam's rib is a confused
  condensation of the Adamic arrival and the celestial surgery
  connected with the interchange of living substances associated with
  the coming of the corporeal staff of the Planetary Prince more than
  four hundred and fifty thousand years previously.
  The majority of the world's peoples have been influenced by the
  tradition that Adam and Eve had physical forms created for them
  upon their arrival on Urantia. The belief in man's having been
  created from clay was well-nigh universal in the Eastern
  Hemisphere; this tradition can be traced from the Philippine
  Islands around the world to Africa. And many groups accepted
  this story of man's clay origin by some form of special creation
  in the place of the earlier beliefs in progressive creation
  ev-lution.
  A way from the influences of Dalamatia and Eden, mankind tended
  toward the belief in the gradual ascent of the human r-ce. The
  fact of evol-tion is not a modern discovery; the ancients
  understood the slow and evolutionary character of human
  progress. The early Greeks had clear ideas of this despite their
  proximity to Mesopotamia. Although the various rac-s of
  earth became sadly mixed up in their notions of evolut-on,
  nevertheless, many of the primitive tribes believed and
  taught that they were the descendants of various animals.
  Primitive peoples made a practice of selecting for their
  totems the animals of their supposed ancestry. Certain North
  American Indian tribes believed they originated from beavers
  and coyotes. Certain African tribes teach that they are
  descended from the hyena, a Malay tribe from the lemur, a
  New Guinea group from the parrot.
  The Babylonians, because of immediate contact with the
  remnants of the civilization of the Adamites, enlarged and
  embellished the story of man's creation; they taught that
  he had descended directly from the g-ds. They held to an
  aristocratic origin for the race which was incompatible
  with even the doctrine of creation out of clay.
  The Old T-stament account of creation dates from long
  after the time of Moses; he never taught the Hebrews
  such a distorted story. But he did present a simple and
  condensed narrative of creation to the Israelites, hoping
  thereby to augment his appeal to wors-ip the Creator,
  the Universal Father, whom he called the Lo-d -od of
  Israel.
  In his early teachings, Moses very wisely did not attempt
  to go back of Adam's time, and since Moses was the
  supreme teacher of the Hebrews, the stories of Adam
  became intimately associated with those of creation.
  That the earlier traditions recognized pre-Adamic
  civilization is clearly shown by the fact that later editors,
  intending to eradicate all reference to human affairs before
  Adam's time, neglected to remove the telltale reference
  to Cain's emigration to the land of Nod, where he took
  himself a wife.
  The Hebrews had no written language in general usage for
  a long time after they reached Palestine. They learned
  the use of an alphabet from the neighboring Philistines,
  who were p-litical refugees from the higher civilization of
  Crete.
  The Hebrews did little writing until about 900 B.C., and having
  no written language until such a late date, they had several
  different stories of creation in circulation, but after the
  Babylonian captivity they inclined more toward accepting a
  modified Mesopotamian version.
  J-wish tradition became crystallized about Moses, and


20120306-More Eve And Adam. Part 2.-1132.html[12/03/2022 10:31:20]
More Eve And Adam. Part 2.

  because he endeavored to trace the lineage of Abraham
  back to Adam, the Je-s assumed that Adam was the first of
  all mankind. Yahweh was the creator, and since Adam
  was supposed to be the first man, he must have made the
  world just prior to making Adam. And then the tradition of
  Adam's six days got woven into the story, with the result that
  almost a thousand years after Moses sojourn on earth the
  tradition of creation in six days was written out and
  subsequently credited to him.
  When the Je-ish priests returned to Jerusalem, they had
  already completed the writing of their narrative of the
  beginning of things. Soon they made claims that this recital
  was a recently discovered story of creation written by Moses.
  But the contemporary Hebrews of around 500 B.C. did not
  consider these writings to be di-ine r-velations; they looked
  upon them much as later peoples regard mythological
  narratives.
  This spurious document, reputed to be the teachings of Moses,
  was brought to the attention of Ptolemy, the Greek king of
  Egypt, who had it translated into Greek by a commission of
  seventy scholars for his new library at Alexandria.
  And so this account found its place among those writings
  which subsequently became a part of the later collections
  of the sac-ed scr-ptures of the Hebrew and C-ristian re-igions.
  And through identification with these theological systems,
  such concepts for a long time profoundly influenced the
  philosophy of many Occidental peoples.
  The Chr-stian teachers perpetuated the belief in the fiat
  creation of the human r-ce, and all this led directly to the
  formation of the hypothesis of a onetime golden a-e of
  utopian bliss and the theory of the fall of man or superman
  which accounted for the nonutopian condition of society.
  These outlooks on life and man's place in the universe were
  at best discouraging since they were predicated upon a
  belief in retrogression rather than progression, as well
  as implying a vengeful Deity, who had vented wrath upon
  the human rac- in retribution for the errors of certain
  onetime planetary administrators. (JW Some people who don't
  want to believe the good book say that If G-d is said to be
  a loving Go- why would he cause the Je-s to k-ll all those
  people, children and cattle. I my opinion J-hovah was not
  the ultimate Go- but was an extrterrestrial who was picked
  to force the J-wish people to obey him or he would curse
  them down to the third generation of the people who didn't
  obey him. He is a jealous and a vengful person. The real -od is
  the Creator.)
  The golden a-e is a myth, but Eden was a fact, and the
  Garden civilization was actually overthrown. Adam and Eve
  carried on in the Garden for one hundred and seventeen
  years when, through the impatience of Eve and the errors of
  judgment of Adam, they presumed to turn aside from the
  ordained way, speedily bringing disaster upon themselves
  and ruinous retardation upon the developmental progression
  of all Urantia.
  [Narrated by Solonia, the seraphic voice in the Garden.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20120306-More Eve And Adam. Part 2.-1132.html[12/03/2022 10:31:20]
