{"created_utc": "2026-10-06T06:34:37Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30920, "source_ctime_ns": 1790737984543323240, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120424-Why-MacArthur-Was-Removed.-Part-3.-1231-3c3d029216.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790737984531523842, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120424-Why-MacArthur-Was-Removed.-Part-3.-1231-3c3d029216.pdf", "source_sha256": "222b3dbf0eb6280a5954f137df54f2a68cf88927ab1a8189327dc97edc5a060d"}

Why MacArthur Was Removed. Part 3.


  Subject: Why MacArthur Was Removed. Part 3.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 24/04/2012, 05:58
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Why MacArthur Was Removed.                  Part 3.               April 23, 2012.
      This shows how arsenic was spread around.
    Tomorrow on tuesday April 24, 2012, there will be a TV show
  dealing with UFOs on the TV show called "Anderson" on channel
  3 at 3:00 PM.
  ......................................................................
  ......................................................................
  It basically states that the Jesuit is through all means moral or
  immoral -- the immoral acts can supposedly be 'forgiven' if they
  are done in the name of the Roman 'c-urch' -- to devote their life
  to bringing about the destruction of the P-otestant movement,
  and to bringing all nations under the control of ROME for the glory
  of the 'Queen of H-aven', no doubt the same p-gan g-ddess
  w-rshipped by the ancient Babylonians -- none other than the
  ancient Queen Semaramis to whom we can credit the post-deluvian
  resurgence of w-tchcraft. There is much evidence that pa-an Rome
  wo-shipped of the 'Queen of He-ven' previous to the rise of
  Ch-istianity, and eventually gave her the name 'M-ry' to win favor
  with the Chri-tians. Ma-y was a virgin when she gave birth to
  Je--s, but scripture confirms that she gave birth naturally to other
  children following this. Jes-- was born through the womb of Mar-
  (The SON OF MAN) but was conceived by the Infinite S-irit of
  G-d (The SON OF GO-). Therefore -ary should not be mistaken as
  the "Mother of G-d" any more than Joseph should be accepted
  as the "Father of Go-", nor his parents as the "Grandmother" or
  "Grandfather" of G-d, etc.
  Many allege that the Roman 'chu-ch' is nothing more than the
  continuation of the ancient Roman Empire which sought to
  dominate the world, and that they merely donned relig-ous garb
  when they discovered that religi-us feeling was an ENORMOUSLY
  effective way to control the masses. The fact that Constantine
  was the last official Roman EMPEROR and the first official Roman
  P-PE is cause for great suspicion.
  M-Carty continues:
  "Allow me to quote for you from U.S. Senator B-nton's 'THIRTY
  YEARS VIEW,' Volume II, page 21, regarding the d-ath of
  Pr-sident Harrison: 'There was no failure of health or strength to
  indicate such an event or excite apprehension, that he would
  not go through his term with the same vigor with which he
  commenced it. His attack was sudden and evidently fatal from he
  beginning.'
  "And at the close of the chapter in Senator Be-ton's book, we
  read this significant bit of information which should be well
  pondered concerning Harrison's family: 'That the deceased
  Presi-ent had been closely preceded and was rapidly followed
  by the deat-s of almost ALL OF HIS numerous family, sons
  and daughters...'
  "That is 'extirpation' with a vengeance, is it not? (Note: The
  Jesuit oath calls for members of the order to 'extirpate' the
  enemies of Rome - Branton)
  (2) Presid-nt Zachary Taylor
  In his first message to Cong-ess, he said: 'But attachment to the
  UNION of states should be fostered in every American heart. For
  more than half a century... this Union has remained unshaken...'
  "The arch-plotters, fearing that suspicion might be aroused by
  the de-th of the Pres-dent early in his administration, as in the
  case of President Harrison, permitted him to serve one year and
  four months, when on the Fourth of July, 1850, arsenic was
  administered to him during a celebration in Washington at
  which he was invited to deliver the address. He went in perfect
  health in the morning and was taken ill in the afternoon about
  five o'clock and d-ed on the Monday following, having been


20120424-Why MacArthur Was Removed. Part 3.-1231.html[12/03/2022 10:32:40]
Why MacArthur Was Removed. Part 3.

  sick the same number of days and with precisely the same
  symptoms as was his predecessor, Pre-ident Harrison.
  93) Attempt on Pr-sident James Buchanan
  He was invited to deliver an address on Washington's Birthday,
  and made reservation at the National Hotel (which by the way
  was the headquarters of the Jesuit trai-ors), for himself and
  his friends.
  "The gentleman had had his ear to the ground evidently and
  heard the rumble of the Abolitionists, and when the committee
  asked for a conference, he cooly informed them that he was
  PRE-IDENT OF THE NORTH, AS WELL AS THE SOUTH.
  "The following quotations from the NEW YORK HERALD and
  THE POST at the time chronicled what followed:
  "'The appointments favoring the North by the Jeff Davis faction will
  doubtless be accepted, and treated as a declaration of w-r, and
  a wa- of extermination on one side or the other.' (Feb. 25, 1857)
  "On Washington's Birthday, Buchanan's stand became known and
  the next day he was po-soned. The plot was deep and planned
  with skill. Mr. Buchanan, as was customary with men in his
  station, had a table and chairs reserved for himself and friends
  in the dining room at the National Hotel. The Pre-ident was
  known to be an inveterate tea drinker; in fact Northern
  people rarely drink (i.e. drank) anything else in the evening.
  Southern men preferred coffee. Thus, to make sure of
  Buchanan and his Northern friends, arsenic was sprinkled in
  the bowls containing the tea and lump sugar and set on the
  table where he was to sit. The pulverized sugar in the
  bowls used for coffee on the other tables was kept free
  from poison. Not a single Southern man was affected or
  harmed. Fifty or sixty persons dined at the table that evening,
  and as best can be learned, ABOUT THIRTY-EIGHT DIED
  FROM THE EFFECTS OF THE POI-ON.
  "Preside-t Buchanan was poi-oned, and with great difficulty
  his life was saved. His physicians treated him understandingly
  from instructions given by himself as to the cause of his
  illness, for he understood what was the matter."
  Researcher Dennis P-ssero also quoted the above in his
  'CON-PIRACY TRACKER' newsletter (no longer being
  published). Being the avowed Ca-holic that he is, we cannot
  say that Pa-sero had any particular bias against the Cat-olic
  chu-ch in his exposition of the Jesuits, but that he saw the
  corruption in the Roman Institution and exposed it. Pas-ero
  has made some interesting comments in relation to
  Jesuit-Ma-onry and the ass-ssination of one of the most
  popular Pre-idents in American history:
  "...Pr-sident Abraham Lincoln. The subject of Lincoln's
  m-rder is too vast to be covered here. McCa-ty believes
  that the Jesuits and their tools, the KNIGHTS OF THE
  GO-DEN CIRCLE were behind the crime. What is interesting
  is that Pr-sident Harrison, Taylor, Buchanan, and of
  course Lincoln, were all strongly dedicated to the
  preservation of the Union -- and all had made speeches
  indicating their stand. If the Jesuits wanted the Union
  split, they were not alone. In 1876, Otto Von B-smarck
  had this to say: 'The division of the Un-ted States into
  two federations of equal force was decided long before
  the Civil w-r by the High Fi-ancial Power of Europe.
  These ban-ers were afraid that the Un-ted States, if
  they remained in one block and as one nation, would
  attain economical and finan-ial independence, which
  would upset their fina-cial domination over the world.
  The voice of the Roth-childs predominated. They foresaw
  the tremendous booty if they could substitute two feeble
  democracies, indebted to the (European) fina-ciers, to
  the vigorous Republic, confident and self-providing.
  Therefore, they started their emissaries in order to
  exploit the question of sl-very and thus dig an abyss
  between the two parts of the Republic.'
  "While McCar-y links the Gold-n Circle with the Jesuits, Dr.
  Stuart C-ane says that the Gol-en Circle was financed by
  the Roth-childs. (Note: Dr. John Co-eman had stated in
  essence that the old-line 'Blue Bl-od' or BL-CK NOBILITY
  families of Europe who claim DESCENDENCE from the
  ancient Roman Emperors make up the link between the
  Ro-hschilds, who control M-sonry; and the Jesuits, who


20120424-Why MacArthur Was Removed. Part 3.-1231.html[12/03/2022 10:32:40]
Why MacArthur Was Removed. Part 3.

  control much of the Ca-holic world behind the scenes -
  Branton)
  "In order to create a rift using the slavery problem Go-den
  Circle agents became known as Abolitionists in the North,
  and as Secessionists in the South. Even the fiery John
  Br-wn, who led the raid on Harper's Ferry, was financed
  by the International Ba-kers. Every member of the Southern
  cabinet belonged to the Gol-en Circle -- as did every
  member of the Northern cabinet with the exception of
  Lincoln and Secretary S-ward.
  "When things began getting rough for the Confederacy, the
  Rothsc-ilds even planned an inva-ion of the U.S. by
  British troops swooping down from Canada, and by French
  forces established in Mexico under the Emperor Maximilian,
  but this did not come off because the Russian Czar (who's
  go-ernment was later to be overthrown by the Bolshevik
  Rev-lution - Branton) said he would intervene on the side
  of the North if the European forces attacked. According to
  Mag-Gen. Count Cherep-S-iridovich, the Rot-schilds had one
  of their agents in the Vatican, a J-wish- Jesuit named Father
  F-sher, convince the Po-e that the Vat-can should finance
  Maximillian who would in return re-establish Catholi-ism
  in Mexico, which had conveniently been abolished by
  Benito J-arez, a Fr-emason. Later, when the Civil W-r was
  over, the guerrilla army branch of the Knights of the Go-den
  Circle, headed for Mexico to aid Maximillian who was
  running into trouble with the Ju-rez forces.
  Part 3.
  John Wnston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120424-Why MacArthur Was Removed. Part 3.-1231.html[12/03/2022 10:32:40]
