{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T15:42:33Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33010, "source_ctime_ns": 1790784400136161085, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120220-Little-Boy-Goes-To-Heaven-And-Tells-About-It.-60984.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790784399980951789, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120220-Little-Boy-Goes-To-Heaven-And-Tells-About-It.-60984.pdf", "source_sha256": "1fc974c46bb292f7925f0f5fa6f952b95faf37c7956ab456c8e66f35c24de238"}

Are We The Experiment Called Earth? Part 2 of 2.


  Subject: Are We The Experiment Called Earth? Part 2 of 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 19/02/2012, 06:46
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Are We The Experiment Called Earth?                         Part 2 of 2.      Feb.
  18, 2012.
    The space people say we are their brothers and sister or our space
  family.
  ........................................................................
  ........................................................................
  There are also many of you who have not experienced lifetimes full of
  abundance and beauty such as some of your brothers and sisters have, but
  we have many surprises in store for you as much has changed since you have
  been away. Many worlds have been rewarded greatly due to your service here,
  and we wish you to know that so many from your home worlds have seen such
  improvement in their lives because of the work you have done and continue to
  do here. We are sure you will learn of these improvements upon your returns
  to your home worlds, and we are also sure your friends and family will have
  much to say to you about your journey here and all your tremendous efforts.
  Today we would like to say thank you to all of you for your hard work and
  sacrifices, and assure you that you are soon to reach the end of this
  experiment and return to the lives you have all left behind. We of your
  star families are here waiting for you with open arms, and soon all your
  dreams and memories will be returned to you as was promised before you said
  goodbye so long ago.
  We will be with you very soon, you have our word. Remember, no harm will
  come to you, and we wish you to assist to assure your brothers and sisters
  of who we are and our reason for being here. In time, all will understand
  and be returned to full consciousness, but for now, many s-uls will need
  your guidance and assistance to get through these challenging times. We
  know many of you will respond to this call, and we thank you again for all
  your efforts in this regard.
  We wish you to know your safety is being looked after as we head towards
  your ascension into the higher realms. Much work will be done in the
  days ahead to ensure as smooth of a transition as is possible, and we
  request
  your assistance in these many and varied projects. -Help us help you - is
  our
  motto today, and you can help yourselves greatly by learning to accept
  us as your brothers and sisters, for indeed we are.
  Looking into these matters further, we see a date now when we can get
  underway our disclosure announcements, as your governments have refused
  to cooperate. They will, in time, be replaced with proper functioning
  go-ernments who have nothing but the people's best interest in mind, but
  for today, let us focus on one task at a time. We wish at this point to
  begin our own methods of announcing to your world that we are here, and
  these various programs will begin shortly as situations allow. We have a
  meticulous plan for this as well, and you can be assured all of your world
  who wish to see this greater picture will have all the information made
  available to them to see this new reality that they are being offered.
  There will be many of those who decline this new reality, and their wishes
  will also be accommodated. Please honor everyone else's free will choice to
  experience any reality they so desire, as they know best what is right
  for them at this present time. All will benefit from this experience in
  their own unique way, and what may be best suited for one, may not be
  suitable for another. Understand this, and honor the laws of free will and
  choice as others extend the same courtesy to you.
  There are many different beings here at this time of many different
  levels of advancement, and we must learn to tread lightly when others
  understandings and realities are concerned. Again, you would not be here
  if we did not feel you could handle this assignment, so we are confident
  you will abide by these terms of your in-arnation. Soon you will be
  surrounded only by those of like mind, and you can then engage in mutual
  conversations of your choice freely as you wish. Today, however, you
  must be careful to gauge who it is you are speaking to and how much of
  this life-changing information they are responding to and are interested
  in discussing.
  This is no easy task, but what of your assignments this far have been
  without challenge? We know you can do it, and so do you. Continue
  to spread the news of our existence and our presence here in your
  world keeping this discussion in mind, and we wish you great success
  in your efforts to inform those who accept this information as to our


20120220-Little Boy Goes To Heaven And Tells About It.-60984.html[12/03/2022 10:31:14]
Are We The Experiment Called Earth? Part 2 of 2.

  imminent reunion with you.
  Keep your eyes to the skies and your ears to the news media for
  signs of our arrival and of the many arrests we have spoken of. Events
  are soon to get underway that will begin the great many changes to
  your world and your lives. We are confident this will be a most
  enjoyable time for all of you who do not allow fear to dampen these
  proceedings. Nevertheless, we will go ahead with the scheduled
  events as the time has come for these next stages and they cannot
  be delayed any longer. Much work needs to be done, and each day
  from now until the end of this year will be filled with the many tasks
  we must accomplish together, and together we will see this done.
  We have a meticulous schedule we must adhere to, and we are certain
  that upon learning more of what these tasks are and what they mean to
  accomplish, you will also share our views of how important it is
  that we stay on schedule and do not allow ourselves to fall behind.
  Everything we are doing today and everything we have planned is of
  great importance, and we wish you to bear this in mind as we move
  now forward with the next phases of the operation. Stay alert for
  updates and for the initiation of these events as they will begin
  shortly and you may not have further word or advanced notice
  of this. Now is not the time for distractions, and we wish you all to
  know when you begin to hear of these events that it is not a drill
  or a test of systems, but the commencement of all we have
  previously discussed with you, our agents in the field.
  Now is the time for action, and it is action you shall now see. Remain
  alert. Stay prepared. The changes will be sudden and their scope far
  reaching. Your world needs many upgrades and changes, and the time
  allotted for the setup and launch of these programs is now short. We
  ask you for your continued assistance to see these changes affected
  as quickly and efficiently as possible, and we have great confidence
  in you that you all will do your best to see this goal reached as you
  have always done.
  Not knowing what precisely your future holds for you can be a rather
  daunting task, and we try to see this from your eyes. Keep in mind you
  will be safe as long as we can be with you to prepare you for any
  uncertainties.
  We are very experienced and trained to deal with any and all global
  threats, and we are anxious as well to get underway with our many
  projects that will help to ensure your safe passage into the higher
  realms. It is up to you as a collective whether you wish our assistance
  or not, and we await your collective decision. Send out your
  signal to us that you are willing to accept us, and we will receive
  your message. When a great enough percentage of your human
  family are willing to accept us, we will begin the initiation of our
  introductions to you. This is the way it must be, and we ask our
  Lightworkers to continue your efforts laying the groundwork for
  our arrival.
  We do see this day approaching rapidly due to all the efforts of our
  volunteers, and we thank you greatly for your continued assistance
  which is invaluable at this time. We will also assist in this regard
  by allowing increased sightings of our ships to further facilitate
  the public's awareness of our presence. Please share this
  photographic as well as videotaped evidence through your
  online communities, as this is the greatest tool at your disposal
  at this time. Please try to make this evidence accessible to
  many others as well that may not be members of your advanced
  groups and communities. This is of key importance at this time,
  as not many areas of access to this information is being made
  available to them at this time. We do have certain allies within
  your media outlets, and soon their services will come into play,
  but for now, this task is primarily on the shoulders of you, our
  Lightworkers. We are confident you can get the job done, that
  is why you are here, and we know you will give this area of
  your assignments the attention and effort required. Again, we
  thank you greatly for your continued hard work here on this
  planet.
  For many of you this is your very first assignment, and we wish
  you to know you're doing a very fine job and we look forward
  to working with you again in future endeavors. Please be a
  little more patient with matters on our side of the curtain, as
  our mission unfolds not only according to our schedule, but
  conforms to the developments which you are responsible
  for. If all of you who read our words also took action to spread
  them to others, then we feel matters would be proceeding
  faster than they are at this point.
  Please continue to share all related information pertaining
  to our presence and mission, as this is a most suitable
  means to hasten our arrival and reunion with you, our human
  family. We will also do all we can to facilitate this reunion
  with you, and we see that this day is not far off as much
  headway is being gained every hour of every day.


20120220-Little Boy Goes To Heaven And Tells About It.-60984.html[12/03/2022 10:31:14]
Are We The Experiment Called Earth? Part 2 of 2.

  Mind your brothers and sisters at this time, as many will
  need guidance and assistance to get through these challenging
  times. We see so many of you coming to the aid of others,
  and we cannot tell you at this time how pleased we are
  with all of you that have responded to your call and have
  chosen to assist your human brothers and sisters in this
  way. From all we have seen of your journey together from
  the early beginnings to today, we can tell you that you have
  all come so far and have grown so as beings of immense
  wisdom and knowledge and love for each other. It was not
  long ago when many of you w-rred with each other, and
  today you instead come to each other's assistance to help
  each other in your times of need. How incredibly
  heartwarming this is for us to witness, and we wish you all
  to know how loved you all are and how we so greatly
  appreciate everything you have done and continue to do.
  We are your families from long ago, and we look so forward
  to our reunion with you, our star brothers and sisters. We
  will be with you again so-n.
  We of the councils of light say goodbye to you for now, and
  wish you to know it has been an honor to speak with you today.
  As cha-neled through Greg Gi-es
  http://ascensionearth2012.blogspot.com
  Part 2 of 2.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120220-Little Boy Goes To Heaven And Tells About It.-60984.html[12/03/2022 10:31:14]
