{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T19:51:58Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 34303, "source_ctime_ns": 1790754807511101837, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120502-Agreement.-Correction.-1246-488763e27a.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790754807467926309, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120502-Agreement.-Correction.-1246-488763e27a.pdf", "source_sha256": "9cede058de5ce10ade182d99b07ca6b9f9d3a46ab6661212b6f332f06e9b5c40"}

Agreement. Correction.


  Subject: Agreement. Correction.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 02/05/2012, 21:48
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Agreement.                                          May 1,
  2012.
  This is about the agreement that was made with the Greys.
  ......................................................
  ......................................................
  But before we cover the technology that we gleaned
  from the aliens, let's review the "deal" we supposedly
  made with them. The basic story is as follows:
  In the late 1947 an alien disc was recovered in Roswell,
  New Mexico along with several dead occupants and one
  live humanoid. The humanoid was given the name EBE
  (extraterrestrial biological entity) and survived until
  1952. During its captivity, EBE bacame ill from some
  unknown dis-ase. Its body utilized chlorophyll and so a
  biologist was called in, Dr. Guillermo Mendoza, and EBE
  was nursed back to health.
  http://www.youtube.com/v/BlXduZeP5a0?fs=3D1&amp;hl=3Den_US
  In this video [above], EBE becomes ill during an interview
  and is assisted by biologists.
  Below Big-nosed Greys in autopsy from "Alien Autopsy"
  film.
  http://www.viewzone.com/event66.santori.gif
  In a futile attempt to save EBE, and to gain favor with
  this technologically superior alien r-ce, the U-ited
  States began broadcasting a call for help early in 1952 into
  the vast regions of space. The call went unanswered but the
  project continued as an effort of good faith.
  Aware of the alien encounters, P-esident Truman created the
  NSA (National -ecurity Agency) in 1952 with the goal of
  deciphering alien language and communicating with them. In
  1954 the ra-e of aliens described as "grey skinned with no
  hair and big noses", from the Orion region in space landed at
  Holloman Air Force base. These were the same rac- that
  crashed in Roswell seven years earlier. They stated their
  planet was dying and needed safe quarter on earth to conduct
  genetic experiments that would allow their -ace to survive. It was
  speculated that they reproduced by cloning and this technique
  lacked genetic variety and had weakened them over eons of
  time. The space was to be provided to them in exchange for
  certain "advanced technology" that the aliens agreed to share
  with us.
  http://www.viewzone.com/event66.nuke.gif
  Ironically, the Gov-rnment also had contact with
  another ra-e of aliens in 1953. This -ace was allegedly more
  human in appearance and sounds very much like the aliens
  that Betty and Barney Hill encountered.
  This alien group warned us against the "Big-nosed Grey"
  aliens that were by then orbiting the Equator and they offered
  to help us with our sp-ritual development. They demanded that
  we dismantle and destroy our nuc-ear we-pons as the major
  condition. They refused to exchange technology citing that we
  were spiri-ually unable to handle the technology which we then
  possessed! They believed that we would use any new technology
  to destroy each other.
  This rac- stated that we were on a path of self-destruction
  and we must stop ki-ling each other, stop polluting the earth,
  stop raping the Earth's natural resources, and learn to live
  in harmony. Although this sounds ideal now, post WWII and
  entering the Cold War, these terms were met with extreme
  suspicion -- especially the major condition of nu-lear
  disarmament.
  The milita-y believed that meeting these conditions would
  leave Am-rica helpless in the face of an obvious alien threat.


20120502-Agreement. Correction.-1246.html[12/03/2022 10:32:43]
Agreement. Correction.

  We also had nothing comparable in our history to help with the
  decision. Nuc-ear disarmament was not considered to be
  within the best interest of the Uni-ed States and the proposal was
  rejected.
  Presid-nt Eisenhower eventually met with the Big-nosed
  Greys who landed for a second time at Edwards Air F-rce Base.
  A formal treaty with them was signed in 1954.
  (Eisenhower arranged to be in Palm Springs on vacation. On the
  appointed day the Pres-dent was spir-ted away to the base and
  the excuse was given to the press that he was visiting a dentist.)
  Below: New Hampshire Legislator, Henry McElroy, discloses
  that Eisenhower was briefed about crashed UFO, aliens, both
  dead and alive. Must see!]
  "movie"
  http://www.youtube.com/v/mrK2YgfjnHo&amp;hl=3Den_US&amp;fs=3D1&a
  mp;
  http://www.youtube.com/v/mrK2YgfjnHo&hl=3Den_US&fs=3D1&"
  In exchange for the transfer of advanced technology, the
  aliens were given permission to abduct humans on a
  limited basis for the purpose of medical examination and monitoring.
  This had something vital to do with their own genetic
  experiments. Since their knowledge of biology seemed advanced
  beyond our comprehension, this was never adequately explained.
  The stipulation was that the humans would never be harmed,
  would be safely returned to their point of abduction, and that
  the humans would have no traumatic memories of the event.
  Also, the aliens would provide a detailed list of all
  abductees to a special group called M--12 who would monitor
  their compliance.
  Asking for some "quarter" to conduct their work, it was
  agreed the alien bases would be constructed underground,
  beneath Indian reservations in the 4 corners area of Utah, New
  Mexico, Arizona and Colorado. Another base was to be
  constructed in Nevada in the area known as S-4, about
  7 miles south of area 51, known as 'Dreamland'.
  http://www.viewzone.com/event66.boring.gif
  Although the National Se-urity Council had an agreement
  with the Big-nosed Greys that they would give a periodic list
  of abductees to the -J-12, within a short time it became
  obvious to the Eisenhower administration that these Greys had
  broken this agreement and were abducting far more people than
  they reported -- including large numbers of children!
  Horrified by the betrayal of the Big-nosed Greys, the
  govern-ent further suppressed any public knowledge of
  the aliens, realizing their own culpability for their betrayal of
  humanity. An assessment was made and it was determined
  that the US lacked the resources to fight them and so it was
  decided that the mil-tary should continue the agreement --
  even though it had already been violated -- and to focus on
  exploiting the relationship with aliens for their advanced
  technology. [see below - page 4 of M--12 report]
  http://www.viewzone.com/event66.military.gif
  Of course, any new technology gained would also have to now
  be kept se-ret lest the public should discover that it was
  "bought" with the sale of their freedom and security.
  Rare reports were surfacing about the alien's hybrid program and
  horrible genetic experiments that were being conducted on men,
  women and children. All of this had to be kept from the public
  at any cost.
  A multi-billion tax-dollar secret fund was organized and maintained
  by the Mi-itary Office of the W-ite House in 1957 by order of
  Pre-ident Eisenhower, supposedly to build secret underground
  bunkers for the Presi-ent and Congress in case of mi-itary attacks.
  Later, when much more funds were needed, the appropriations
  were funded by "bl-ck" projects contained in the defense
  budget -- not subject to any review.
  http://www.viewzone.com/event66.wtc7.gif
  One is reminded of the
  http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1052022/pg1
  2.3-trillion dollars reported missing from the Pent-gon budget by then
  Secre-ary Donald Rumsfeld on September 10, 2001 -- with all
  the documentation stored in the ill-fated
  http://wtc7.net
  Building-7 at the World Trade Center. After "911" this missing
  fund was never mentioned again. Guess where the money went.
  Project REDLIGHT was formed and experimentation in
  test flying alien aircraft was begun in earnest. A super


20120502-Agreement. Correction.-1246.html[12/03/2022 10:32:43]
Agreement. Correction.

  top-sec-et facility was built at Groom Lake in Nevada in the
  midst of the weapons test range. It was code named
  DREAMLAND. The installation was placed under the
  Department of the Na-y and clearance of all personnel
  required "Q" clearance as well as Executive (Pre-idential)
  approval. This is ironic due to the fact that the Presi-ent
  of the Uni-ed States does not have clearance to visit the
  site. The alien base and exchange of technology actually
  took place in an area known as S-4. Area. S-4 was code
  named "The Dark Side of the Moon".
  During these early years the Un-ted States Air Fo-ce, N-A
  and the CI- exercised complete control over the Alien Sec-et.
  Later the National Se-urity Act (NS-) was established to oversee
  the intelligence community and especially the alien endeavor.
  At some point, the military decided that the best R & D (research
  and development) of alien technology could be conducted at
  private corporations and laboratories [see below]. The
  oversee of this development appears to be under the control of a
  clandestine group who answer to the Bil-erberg Group, a
  world wide p-litical entity created by Nelson Roc-efeller with the
  approval of Eisenhower. This group would attempt to manage the
  "mistake" and certain corporate entities would even profit from
  it.
  http://www.viewzone.com/event66.majestic3.gif
  The extent of the "mistake" was underestimated. Not only
  have the horrible abductions and the hybrid program continued
  to this day, but the "research and development" of alien
  technology has been exploited almost exclusively for defense
  contrctors and kept se-ret.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.          johfw@mlode.com


20120502-Agreement. Correction.-1246.html[12/03/2022 10:32:43]
