{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T17:38:56Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30921, "source_ctime_ns": 1790686184081858296, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120516-The-Consp------Journal.-Part-5.-1274-15688b2732.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790686184071557306, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120516-The-Consp------Journal.-Part-5.-1274-15688b2732.pdf", "source_sha256": "278fce37107342e8934cc1cbf2f47f485f6524a769560ebd88442b3e7b85594e"}

The Consp----- Journal. Part 5.


   Subject: The Consp----- Journal. Part 5.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 16/05/2012, 16:16
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: The Consp----- Journal.                   Part 5.
   May 15, 2012.
      This talks about a weird looking creature.
   .................................................................
   .................................................................
   We will never know if early hominids began to see strange, relatively
   hairless hominids who were more delicate than they, and had big,
   prominent foreheads. If they did see these beings, perhaps they were
   seeing Homo sapiens, creeping into the field of hominid perception.
   I wrote an article
   http://www.ufodigest.com/article/does-earth-herself-create-ufos-ghosts-and-fairies
   asking if the planet Earth herself creates UFO occupants, fairies, and
   ghosts, perhaps in her subconscious or dream state.
   That theory can be blended in with this one: Gaia creates her various life
   forms.
   The dynamic, irresistible process of evolution begins to happen to them,
   because their creator is a living, breathing entity herself.
   As millions of years roll on, these life forms come into new fields of
   perception which are actually the multiple layers of reality of the planet
   herself. Or, as a variation: These are the layers of the cosmic onion of
   quantum perception.
   I feel that at least some UFOs and their occupants are the result of Homo
   sapiens' pending e-olution: The Moment when the human consciousness
   rolls over to become a new species' consciousness - and has the new
   species' perceptions.
   There had to be The Moment when Grandfather Hominid's mass
   consciousness became Homo sapiens' mass consciousness. Yes,
   there were thousands of years after that when earlier forms of
   humans were still around. However, they were fading away, the
   force of evol-tion favoring the new human form.
   Someone might think, "Well, it is a physical thing, this evolu-ion.
   Early hominids slowly grew a larger frontal lobe, slowly lost the
   physical hair, and so forth.
   However, what makes us human? What makes a wolf - a wolf?
   What makes a blue jay - a blue jay? Yes, there are physical
   characteristics but each species has a "hum" which cannot be
   completely defined or fully encapsulated by looking at the
   physical structure of the life-form.
   Earlier hominids behaved, felt, and thought slightly differently than
   Homo sapiens. What it meant to be them was different than what
   it means to be Homo sapiens.
   There will come a day when Homo sapiens starts to fade and the
   next step in evolu-ion begins to flash in and out of perception,
   in and out of reality. This new species will be flying along in
   craft faster than Homo sapiens ever dreamed of, and then just
   disappear. Familiar?
   This is only a theory. I have offered over the months, many
   theories on the possible origins of UFOs and their occupants.
   And, true, these theories may blend together and the truth might
   be combinations of individual theories.
   I am fairly positive that human evolut-on has something to do
   with some of the UFOs we are seeing.
   I believe this fact is a good reason not to be constantly afraid
   of them. What if we not only are beginning to perceive their
   reality, what if we are actually creating their reality?
   In a basic way, we are creating the next physical features of
   the species which comes after us. Are we also creating their


20120516-The Consp----- Journal. Part 5.-1274.html[12/03/2022 10:32:50]
The Consp----- Journal. Part 5.

   mental, s-iritual, emotional traits?
   If our minds are evo-ving into their minds, then are we
   creating creatures born out of constant f-ar, constant
   aggression, constant greed, constant w-r, and constant
   destruction of our own world? Do we create our own perceptions
   and therefore do we create our own future reality?
   Fly on, Future Humans! Be gentle, intelligent, peaceful and just!
   Leap into Exo-Trekking! It's even free!
   info@earthchangepredictions.com
   Source: UFO Digest
   http://www.ufodigest.com/article/what-events-occur-when-speciescusp-evolving
   - FROM BEYOND TIME AND SPACE DEPARTMENT -
   Three Mysterious Creatures From Pennsylvania
   By Stan G-rdon
   Three very interesting encounters with some very unusual
   creatures have come to my attention recently from Pennsylvania.
   The Keystone State has a long history of not only observations
   of Bigfoot, but also of many other mysterious beasts as well.
   Year after year members of the public reluctantly come forward
   to report their encounters with strange creatures that aren't
   supposed to exist. The following is a summary of some of the
   recent cases that I have been investigating.
   November 20, 2011
   The Creature of Mud Creek Road
   Troy, Pennsylvania
   On April 11, 2012, I received a call from the man who, along
   with his girlfriend, had a frightening encounter with a strange
   creature on November 20, 2011, outside of Troy in Bradford
   County, Pennsylvania. The fellow told me that what they saw
   "scared the h-ll out of us". I was able to interview the woman
   involved on April 26, 2012. After conducting extensive
   interviews with the driver and his girlfriend I learned the
   following details.
   At about 11:05 pm that evening, they were driving onto Mud
   Creek Road traveling west towards Highway 14 near Troy. As they
   continued down the dark road, their attention was drawn to the
   left side of the roadway. The man, who was the driver, saw some
   movement and mentioned it to his friend. The woman initially
   thought that a n-ked man was crawling on the side of the road.
   The driver decreased his speed, swerved his truck in the middle
   of the road and directed the high beams of his headlights
   towards the subject. The driver stopped about 30-40 feet away.
   They soon realized that this was not a person, but instead a
   creature that was crawling very low to the ground. As they
   watched, the creature moved into a squatting position with its
   back completely straight, somewhat like the stance of a kangaroo.
   The arms of the creature were held tightly to its body. What
   looked like long claws that resembled the talons of an eagle
   were easily visible. The claws were estimated to be about 8-10
   inches in length. One claw was shorter than the other three. The
   creature had a muscular body. The head of the beast appeared to
   be oversized and shaped like that of a wolf. At the top of its
   head were two pointed bat-like ears that looked to be about 4-6
   inches long. The entire creature, according to the man, was
   covered with "dull wrinkly dark black skin". The man described
   seeing large canine-like teeth in its mouth.
   The eyes of the creature were about the size of a silver dollar
   and were shiny black. The man stated that even though he had his
   high beams directed at the creature, the eyes did not reflect at
   all. The man said he looked over the body during the 12 second
   encounter, and for some reason thought the creature should have
   wings, but none were apparent. In the squatted position, the
   creature seemed to be about five feet tall.
   At this point, the creature was in the left lane of the road
   and about 1-2 feet onto the pavement.
   As the couple watched in amazement, the creature began to
   stretch its body. The man said that at this point the animal


20120516-The Consp----- Journal. Part 5.-1274.html[12/03/2022 10:32:50]
The Consp----- Journal. Part 5.

   started to stand up on its back legs while also falling over
   onto its front feet. The driver said that in this position, the
   creature seemed to be about 6-7 feet tall. The animal then fell
   over on all four legs. The witnesses observed that the front
   claws of the creature was now two feet across the center line of
   the highway, while the back feet remain one-two feet from the
   edge of the road.
   The creature then turns it head to the right and looked towards
   the vehicle. The driver told me that it looked directly at them,
   with a horrific expression, "like it was panicked". The fellow
   saw it take a deep breath. He had the feeling that the creature
   didn't realize that it was being observed and when it realized
   it was- it was like it was caught doing something.
   Once it realized it was being observed, it leaned back slightly
   and then reached forward with its claws. The creature than took
   one tremendous leap and cleared a seven foot embankment and
   moved out of sight into a wooded area. The man estimated that
   leap was about 40 feet long. As it was in the process of
   leaping, it was perfectly straight and held its front claws
   forward. The legs, as it was leaping, "were only slightly larger
   than broomsticks or about the size of a walking crane and were
   very long".
   Part 5.
   John Winston.             johnfw@mlode.com


20120516-The Consp----- Journal. Part 5.-1274.html[12/03/2022 10:32:50]
