{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T01:35:45Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30185, "source_ctime_ns": 1790745794679895099, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120527-Thrive.-Part-5.-1295.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790745794662971353, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120527-Thrive.-Part-5.-1295.pdf", "source_sha256": "b01bdfc212cce21130b4e4b01fadfef4b94a2fda329f89c1b775cd78a6a9e2a5"}

Thrive. Part 5.


   Subject: Thrive. Part 5.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 27/05/2012, 06:54
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Thrive. Part 5.
   May 26, 2012.
     Lately there was an article on CNN that Will Smith the star of the new
   movie called "Men In Black III" and his son were given a persanal tour
   of the White House by O-ama. Wil's son by the name of Jadin asked
   his father if it would be Ok to ask the president about extraterrestrial.
   Will said, "No no don't you do it". The president antisipated the
   question and said, "I preferr not to answer the question yes of no but
   I can assure you that if we did contact estraterresials it would be in
   room where you in right now.
   ....................
      Here is the web site where the conversation can be found.
   .....................
   From: Tahquitz
   Will Smith's son Jaden spoke to Obama about aliens
   http://www.bbc.co.uk/newsbeat/18084048
   ......................
   Now on the subject at hand. Foster Gamble answers the question as
   to whether he fears for his life now.
   .......................................................
   .......................................................
   Daily Bell:
   Let's go back in time. When did you decide to make Thrive and why?
   Foster Gamble:
   As I mentioned, this was the movie I wanted to make since college
   but it was in 2003 that I finally felt that both my understanding of
   the real problems what's going on behind the scenes and that my
   understanding of the minimum, sufficient, coherent solution
   strategies to get us out of this, first came to fruition.
   That's when Kimberly and I started, and spent the last eight years
   making the movie and the website.
   Daily Bell:
   You come from a moneyed family and are presumably a rich man.
   Why were you driven to do this?
   Foster Gamble:
   First, I have been blessed with the privilege of choosing what I
   wanted to do with my life, and have been able to help some people
   along the way, but that's about it in terms of my wealth. I have what
   I would call an upper middle class income but the key thing is, I
   haven't had to work for it. So instead, I have devoted my life to
   working for a thriving planet, whatever that took, and I have been
   a very hard worker in that cause. I have spent most of my
   resources in getting to this point.
   What really inspired me to do the film, and the turning point,
   was when I learned about meditation. The deeper I went in
   meditation the more I kept hearing this sound, which turned
   out to be the wailing of the suffering of humanity.
   And once I started hearing that literally screaming inside my
   own being, which wasn't me in my privilege of Ivy League
   college but actually the humanity of which I'm a part, I
   committed myself to doing everything in my power and
   privilege to relieve that suffering. And when I made that
   commitment, that wailing went away from my meditation.
   So I think that was the major turning point and everything
   in my life that I have learned has only made me want to do
   more to relieve suffering and to help humanity discover the
   principles and practices that can allow everyone to thrive,


20120527-Thrive. Part 5.-1295.html[12/03/2022 10:32:54]
Thrive. Part 5.

   without exception.
   Daily Bell:
   Are you afraid for your life and that of your loved ones?
   Foster Gamble:
   No, I'm not. It has been a definite consideration, given that
   we cover about a dozen topics in the film any one of which
   people have been threatened or harmed for even bringing
   up. It's definitely been a consideration and we've learned from
   many of the people who are in the movie, like David I-ke
   Catherine Austin Fitts, James G-lliland, Steven Greer, Patrick
   Flannigan and many others who have been threatened and harmed
   or had their work stopped by the powers that shouldn't be. We
   learned from them a lot of how to go about this as realistically
   and eyes-open as possible.
   We've taken every precaution we know how to take but the
   main one was to stay under the radar until the movie was out.
   The toothpaste is out of the tube, and to harm us would only
   reinforce what we are saying about how this kind of information
   is very often suppressed. I am happy to say there are the usual
   debunking sites on the Internet, where they try to make things
   up about the movie and me, but so far, so good.
   Daily Bell:
   If the elites are as terrible as they say, don't you think they
   won't take their revenge on you?
   Foster Gamble:
   No, I don't.
   Daily Bell:
   You mention a lot of solutions toward the end of the movie but
   we have come to believe, like Larken Rose, among others, that
   the best thing that can happen is that society, Western society
   anyway, collapses.
   How do you respond?
   Foster Gamble:
   Yes, that's a really interesting question because obviously there
   is a tremendous amount of suffering in collapse. What I am
   dedicating my current efforts to is I'm travelling all over the
   country and all over the world, meeting with Thrive -inspired
   groups, that are self-creating communities and sharing with
   them what we call the Thrive solutions model.
   It is a very highly leveraged and effective means of organizing in
   a local community by sector and then linking together with
   other communities around the world to leverage the actions
   that people are taking.
   I think the systems as we know them are crumbling; in fact,
   they are being intentionally taken down, as I described before,
   so that they can be taken over at a whole new level. I don't
   think there's been a more important time for people to catch
   on to self-sustaining, localized energy access and food access
   and media access, and to the principles of liberty around
   which we can organize and actually create non-coercive,
   sustainable alternatives.
   I'm a big fan of Larken Rose, and in particular, Stefan Molyneux,
   and others who have been willing to try to think through, 'OK ...
   how would civilization actually work if there were no coercion,
   if there were no mandatory taxes, if there were no states as
   we know it?' That's what got me really excited because there
   are not only viable alternatives; they are, in fact, the only
   alternatives that I know of that could actually work because
   when t-ranny rears its head there's always a r-volution, and
   in these days of nu-lear, chemical and biological we-pons,
   even single individuals can begin the destruction of life as
   we know it. So we absolutely have to organize effectively
   and create the new systems on a decentralized basis. And
   to me, as I say in the movie, the non-aggression principle is
   the absolute core navigating insight around which we can
   do that.
   Daily Bell:
   We noticed that you emphasize in the movie group solutions
   and not necessarily individual ones. Is that a correct
   interpretation?


20120527-Thrive. Part 5.-1295.html[12/03/2022 10:32:54]
Thrive. Part 5.

   Foster Gamble:
   No. I am recommending that all solutions be based on honoring
   the individual and voluntary association. So when people come
   together, I think they are going to be a lot more effective
   when they create groups. Whether it's a protest or a petition
   or a new alternative currency bank or a gold-backed currency,
   they are going to be more effective as they organize in groups,
   as long as the groups are never based on violating the rights
   of the individual.
   Interestingly enough, I just came back from Olympia, Washington,
   where I was invited to address and participate at the O-cupy
   Solidarity Social Forum, where they brought the representatives
   from Oc-upy sites from all over the country for this conference.
   The most popular and intense conversation that was going on at
   that entire conference was centered on exactly these liberty
   issues. They had set aside one room among many, many
   workshops I think there were 70 workshops or so but they
   had set aside one small room where a style s-cialist was going
   to debate a young Ron P-ul advocate. Well, they should have
   had it in the auditorium because it was packed, standing room
   only and spilling out into the halls. The debate was so intense
   that unfortunately I didn't get to hear all of it and what I
   heard was not well informed or articulated.
   But also when I did my screening of Thrive with an hour of
   questions and answers and solutions brainstorming, I
   would say the most compelling topic to everyone was: How do
   we resolve this left versus right split? If we trust going with
   the individual, are people who are disadvantaged going to be
   taken care of? This whole notion of how do we create solutions
   without violating our core ethics is the one that is emerging,
   even in Occ-py. I am seeing it everywhere I go. At different
   screenings of Thrive around the world, this is primary. Besides
   fr-e energy this is the most popular topic and that excites me.
   Part 5.
   John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20120527-Thrive. Part 5.-1295.html[12/03/2022 10:32:54]
