{"created_utc": "2026-10-07T14:29:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31424, "source_ctime_ns": 1790782506762493286, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120315-Things-Are-Getting-Into-High-Gear.-1151.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790782506757624537, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120315-Things-Are-Getting-Into-High-Gear.-1151.pdf", "source_sha256": "8a4aa9679c356039202fa09d7b6aa60aeb11f460e21a29f159e54903f8529413"}

Things Are Getting Into High Gear.


  Subject: Things Are Getting Into High Gear.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 15/03/2012, 05:56
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Things Are Going Into High Gear.
  Mar. 14, 2012.
     Here is some information that says things are happening faster.
  .............................................................
  .............................................................
  Major Planetary Transformations Shift Into High Gear
  Massive Arrests, Numerous Resignations, Flying Money and Energy Waves Abound
  News | February 28, 2012 | UPDATED: February 29, 2012 | March 1, 2012 |
  March
  4, 2012
  Reported by Scott M-wry |
  miraclesandinspiration.com/news_major-planetary-transformations.html
  Welcome to the r-volution. Your re-olution. It is finally arrived at your
  doorsteps.
  As we had anticipated for quite some time, the purging of darkness, deceit
  and
  corruption from planet Earth has begun in earnest in 2012 and we have barely
  advanced through first two months of this year.
  Every single day of 2012 thus far, has seen life altering events unfolding
  in
  all corners of the globe. These events are profoundly historic in nature yet
  still go mostly unrecognized by the average Joe Public and the blabbering
  talking heads on cable TV. However, it is likely that many of you reading
  this
  report can feel in your hearts and s-uls the massive changes that are
  occurring
  on the planet at this time.
  The signs of staggering transformations are everywhere. What is
  happening behind the scenes, but bubbling up the surface from time to time,
  is the complete dismantling of a deeply intricate, d-monic and corrupt
  global
  financial system that has enslaved the world for thousands of years.
  Every fraudulent financial institution that has operated over the last one
  hundred-fifty years (or more) is undergoing, or will undergo, unforetold
  pressure to either transform or be completely dismantled. It is becoming
  very
  clear now that the global financial system is the fuel that powers every
  other
  dra-onian control mechanism put in place in our world such as g-vernments,
  m-litaries, corporations, b-nks, media conglomerates and r-ligious
  organizations
  all of which are undergoing an equally profound metamorphosis.
  The privately-owned F-deral Reserve, the very heart of the economic s-ave
  machine, is on the verge of totally collapsing. Its 100-year charter from
  its
  origination in the year 1913 is set to expire in 2013. Much of the world is
  now
  united in marginalizing the Fed and the ba-king families who own it know
  they
  are rapidly running out of time.
  A LITANY OF EXPOSED CRIMES AND SIGNPOSTS ALONG THE WAY
  In turn, massive arrests are taking place all over the planet and those who
  are wise enough to see the handwriting on the wall, are resigning in droves
  from their lofty positions of privilege. The ones who stubbornly refuse to
  change from darkness to light will simply be taken out by force, if
  necessary.
  In the country of Romania, the Prime Minister and the entire cabinet
  recently
  resigned en mass. Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio B-rlusconi is facing
  up to five years in prison for his role in a bribery operation. In Germany,
  President Christian W-lff has been forced to resign.
  While in this country, Treasury S-cretary Timothy G-ithner has been
  subpoenaed for his role in the Lehman Brothers scandal and reportedly was
  recently detained by p-lice officers in New York City for questioning.
  Geithner Is A Criminal! So How Is It He COULD Face Criminal Charges?


20120315-Things Are Getting Into High Gear.-1151.html[12/03/2022 10:31:24]
Things Are Getting Into High Gear.

  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DQXO5bElqnqg&feature=3Dplayer_embedded
  CEO's of powerful financial institutions such as Lloyd Blankenfein of
  Goldman
  S-chs are resigning or being pressured to do so. In point of fact, a mass
  exodus is underway at Goldman Sa-hs.
  Numerous lists of banking P-esidents and CEO's who are resigning or being
  indicted are being tallied on various tracking websites. It is rumored that
  as many as 1,500 to 2,000 arrests of international ba-ksters has
  already been executed with many more to follow!
  Even major players in the media are starting to jump ship as was seen
  by the resignation of James M-rdoch from News International Corp.,
  the son of News Corp. and Fox News chief Rupert M-rdoch. Another
  Murd-ch newspaper tabloid, News of the World, became embroiled in
  a phone hacking scandal during James Murdoc-'s watch and was forced
  to shut down in July 2011. While still another, The Sun, is mired in a
  similar phone and email impropriety that has resulted in the arrest of
  many members of the paper's editorial staff in January 2012.
  Rupert Mu-doch's deeply corrupt media empire is in a total free fall
  and will likely implode before the eyes of the world rather soon. If
  so, then good riddance.
  Similarly, many other leaders of deceitful multi-national corporations
  on the planet will find themselves swept up in this prodigious global
  reform that will grow stronger and stronger by the month. M-crosoft
  Corp. and other financial corporate empires seem to be high on the list
  for reform.
  Even the V-tican, the richest and most powerful institution the
  world has ever seen, is now feeling the heat bearing down upon it as
  the indictments and arrests begin to pile up. Soon, the heat will
  be turned up so hot and so high, that we may well see a total
  meltdown of the Va-ican as it exists today!
  It is vitally important to remember that as the truth comes pouring
  out all roads lead to Rome.
  What is becoming apparent is that the protection and firewalls
  afforded the corrupt conspirators is crumbling around them as
  the criminals turn on one another in a vain attempt to save their
  own skin. They simply can no longer afford to pay for the protection
  services of j-dges, p-lice, district attorneys, etc. that shielded
  them from prosecution in the past.
  Other signs of dramatic world economic turnabouts include
  the withering Baltic Dry Index which tracks the flow of shipping
  goods around the world from its lofty position in the City of
  London. It has dropped by a staggering 65%, indicating that
  most other countries are no longer accepting goods from c-bal
  controlled G8 countries such as the US, UK, France, Germany,
  etc.
  In addition, the clearing house for inter-b-nk payments, the
  institution in charge of shuffling trillions upon trillions of dollars
  between the major ban-s, has been virtually shut down.
  Two significant arrests have been made regarding the theft of
  trillion dollar bonds more than $2 trillion in Manila, the Philippines
  and the other valued at $6 trillion in Italy and Switzerland.
  For a much more detailed explanation of these events and the
  history of world economic slavery, see David W-lcock's
  "Financial Tyranny- Defeating the Greatest Cover-up of All
  Time" and "FINANCIAL TYRANNY: The Final Sections". Also
  read the .pdf version.
  WIKILEAKS, ANONYMOUS AND O-CUPY WALL STREET FORM
  ALLIANCE
  On Monday, February 27, 2012, WikiLeaks held a press conference
  in London to announce their release of 5,000 emails that were
  gathered from a shadow C-A corporation known as S-ratfor,
  based in Austin, Texas. After mining through the 5.5 million
  company emails they now have in their possession, the WikiL
  eaks team determined that St-atfor was not only illegally
  collecting intelligence information from informants around the
  world, but it also had conspired to arrange insider trading
  deals, had spied on activist groups such as the Yes Men, P-TA
  and most significantly, WikiLeaks leader, Julian A-sange himself.
  WikiLeaks obtained the email files through the hacker activist
  group known as A-onymous, who is increasingly proving itself
  to be a major force to be reckoned with on the world stage.
  WikiLeaks also partnered with over 25 other media outlets
  including Rolling S-one Magazine, The Sydney Mo-ning Herald,
  the M-Clatchy Group and many more from the world journalistic
  pool.
  Meanwhile, Ano-ymous also announced it had broken into the
  websites of Inter-ol (in retaliation for the arrests of 25
  members of its group) the CI-, Department of Homeland
  S-curity, a Florida-based pr-son management company, the


20120315-Things Are Getting Into High Gear.-1151.html[12/03/2022 10:31:24]
Things Are Getting Into High Gear.

  NASDA- stock exchange and various US Govern-ent
  agencies, all within the last few weeks.
  Anonym-us also successfully hacked into the Greek
  go-ernment websites as a retaliation for saddling the people
  of Greece with fraudulent debt disguised as aust-rity
  packages. Anonym-us is basically telling the Greek po-itical
  leadership, the IMF and the international ban-sters that
  enough is enough!
  These attacks occurred the month after Anonym-us had
  already successfully taken down the websites of the -BI
  and many entertainment companies (RIAA, the Motion P-cture
  Association, Universal M-sic Group), who were pressuring
  Co-gress to enact the SOPA and PIPA legislations.
  Not only has Anonymou- teamed up with WikiLeaks, but they
  have now forged an alliance with the Oc-upy Wall Street
  movement, as well. This triangulated coalition between
  these three organizations will be truly formidable for the
  powers that be to contend with in upcoming months ahead.
  The Occu-y Wall Street movement has had an enormous
  impact in only a few short months of its existence. Somehow,
  as if by a m-racle, it has blasted in record speed all over
  the planet as people a half a world away got wind of it and
  occupied their city, state or region. Did you notice how so
  many in other foreign countries picked up the mantle and ran
  with it?
  Part 1.
  John Winston. johnfw@mlode.com


20120315-Things Are Getting Into High Gear.-1151.html[12/03/2022 10:31:24]
