{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T08:31:57Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32561, "source_ctime_ns": 1790670180479322779, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120321-More-News-From-The-C.-Journal.-1165.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790670180374342880, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120321-More-News-From-The-C.-Journal.-1165.pdf", "source_sha256": "e95151b161cdc2a4ba06e4ed71e5485eda7955cb4198e915872d762de8af3840"}

More News From The C. Journal.


  Subject: More News From The C. Journal.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 21/03/2012, 06:02
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: More News From The C. Journal.                                Mar. 20,
  2012.
    We should possibly call this News From The C. Journal part 5,
  but we'll call it More News Of The C. Journal, Part 1.
     This talks about human invisibility.
  ......................................................................
  ......................................................................
  Of course, according to me future humans do exist, so that
  should tell us that nothing life-ending ever did happen, and all
  our problems are eventually worked out. That's true except that
  there are a lot of loops and knots in quantum time travel, so
  who really knows? Perhaps we did make it, but perhaps we only
  made it because these future humans create this positive reality
  by manipulating us in 2012. Yes, this becomes the stuff of
  science fiction but-those UFOs are in our skies! They come from
  somewhere - or some when!
  UFO Question Three: Why abductions and other frightening actions?
  Answer: Laboratory research is certainly something humans do.
  Do the p-lice care if they frighten you if they take you in for
  questioning? Does a doctor care if he scares you as he tells you
  about a serious health condition? If he is a nice guy, he would
  rather not scare you, but he does his medical/scientific
  function with no problem, and some doctors don't really care if
  they scare you or not. Do humans mutilate and k-ll lab animals
  for research reasons? We of 2012 might not know every reason
  that time-aliens are abducting and researching Earth life forms,
  but this behavior is classically human. We really don't know if
  it is classically extraterrestrial.
  UFO Question Four: There are human-looking aliens who are
  sometimes called "golden humans" or "Nordics" or "tall whites."
  These may be 3 separate groups or they may be different names
  for the same group. How come extraterrestrials from far-distant
  planets look so much like humans? Yes, perhaps humanoid r-ces
  were seeded across the galaxy. And how come other aliens look
  like human fetuses? Fetuses: Our own dear babies!
  Answer: The simplest answer to the above questions is simply
  that these types of aliens are human! Perhaps the "golden
  humans" are from a mere 500 years ahead in "time." Perhaps the
  fetuses are from 10,000 years ahead in time. It may not be that
  the golden humans e-olved into fetuses, it may be that the human
  family tree continued to branch out as it always has. Thus we
  Homo sapiens do not look like Neanderthals, although it is
  obvious we are of the same general biological family.
  To me, it is obvious that the golden humans and the fetuses are
  of our general biological family. Neither of them are Homo
  sapiens because many years have passed for them, and ev-lution
  moved on, branching, ever branching. Homo sapiens is hopefully
  not the last of the Family Tree, our tree will likely continue
  to grow.
  Of course if time can be traveled in any "direction," then
  perhaps the golden humans or the fetuses are from way back in
  time. The myths of g-ds and go-desses as well as the elongated
  heads of ancient Egyptian rulers, and so many other ancient
  astronaut concepts, suggest that time travelers were back in
  ancient time, too. Is their "native time" in ancient days or
  future days? "When" do they come from?
  UFO Question Five: Why don't the aliens just tell us where they
  are from and what they are doing? They have probably made an
  agreement with Earth g-vernments not to deal directly with the
  human populace, but perhaps there is another reason.


20120321-More News From The C. Journal.-1165.html[12/03/2022 10:31:27]
More News From The C. Journal.

  Answer: It is actually easier to fathom that extraterrestrials
  got in their space ships and zoomed to Earth in a straight line,
  than it is to tackle the huge enigmas, paradoxes, knots, and
  conundrums of time traveling humans. The concept of time-aliens
  is really mind-blowing, bringing with it so many quantum
  possibilities which completely demolish our perception of
  reality itself. Perhaps the future humans just don't feel we can
  handle it, or not yet. However, the many crises confronting
  Earth at present, I believe, demand that these time-aliens
  reveal themselves soon. That is a huge subject for another day.
  I do not deny the existence of human-looking folk from the
  Pleiades or Zeta Reticuli or where-ever, and I know certain exo-
  histories have been theorized to explain various questions. I
  feel that the galaxy and the universe are so overwhelmingly vast
  and strange, that just about every theory ever produced, is
  probably true in some manner, shape or form.
  What I am saying is that so many questions are answered quite
  simply if we consider that many of the UFO occupants are from
  our own Earth family tree, whether 5,000 years ahead or 20,000
  years behind. "Time" is cyclical anyway and simply does not
  exist as a fixed solid.
  I hope that in our near future, we who are fascinated with UFO
  occupants, will consider them as possible humans from Earth more
  seriously than we presently do. The idea is there within us, but
  we tend to just skim right over it. I feel it is, in fact, a big
  part of The Answer.
  I also feel we don't have to understand every nuance of quantum
  time travel in order to handle the fact that we are being
  visited and watched by ourselves. Perhaps we are even guided by
  ourselves, not as individuals (although that might be also), but
  as an evol-ing species.
  Pogo the Opossum used to say, "I have met the enemy and he is
  us." Perhaps one day soon we will say, "I have met the UFO
  occupant and she is us."
  dianetessman@hotmail.com website: www.earthchangepredictions.com
  Free Exo-Trekking adventure: sign up!
  Source: UFO Digest
  http://www.ufodigest.com/article/ufo-occupants-time-not-space
  - HOW NOT TO BE SEEN DEPARTMENT -
  Spontaneous Human Invisibility
  by Stephen W-gner
  Incredible accounts of people who suddenly become completely
  invisible.
  A WOMAN NAMED Melanie in Ventura, California had a strange
  experience while sitting on her own living room sofa. While just
  staring at the wall, she became, she believes, invisible. Her
  husband walked around the house looking for her. He even walked
  right by her - just a few feet away - and did not see her. The
  episode lasted about 10 minutes, then suddenly she was visible
  again.
  This unusual story is one of several documented by Donna Higbee
  who is conducting extensive, ongoing research into a phenomenon
  she calls Human Spontaneous Involuntary Invisibility. According
  to the anecdotes Higbee tells at her website, The Research and
  Writings of Donna Higbee, people suddenly and unexpectedly
  become invisible. They don't seem to feel any differently when
  this occurs, and they can see and move around normally, just as
  if nothing has changed. Yet other people don't see them. They
  are ignored - totally - as if they aren't there.
  The victims of this bizarre phenomenon attest that the
  experience is not the same as being ignored. Certainly, most of
  us have had feelings of being invisible in awkward moments at
  social occasions. But this experience is far different.
  One of the anecdotes Higbee relates, in fact, takes place at a
  party. A 37-year-old man goes into a bathroom and comes out,
  apparently, totally invisible. He attempts to engage in


20120321-More News From The C. Journal.-1165.html[12/03/2022 10:31:27]
More News From The C. Journal.

  conversation with several people, including his own girlfriend,
  but is ignored completely. He asks her for a cigarette, but
  receives no response. At first he thinks they are playing a joke
  on him and so returns to the bathroom in a-ger. When he comes
  out again, it's as if nothing had happened. Everything is back
  to normal and he could be seen again.
  Higbee has collected several of these stories, and in every
  case the phenomenon takes place spontaneously, without warning,
  lasts a few minutes, and then ends. Several people have fallen
  victim to the invisibility more than once - they seem to be
  susceptible to it. She has even heard from people who claim to
  be able to occasionally control their invisibility at will.
  Daniel S. felt he became invisible one day when he was with
  some friends who were setting off firecrackers. Daniel wanted
  them to stop because he was afraid the cops would show up and
  check IDs. This especially meant trouble for him because he had
  several unpaid tickets in his name. He was fearful of going to
  jail and losing his job. The police did show up, and they
  checked everyone's ID - except Daniel's:
      "The cops started at the other end of the line (there were
  two lines, one in front of the other) of people. I was standing
  behind a friend, who was a girl. The cop asked each person to
  hand him their IDs as he passed down the line. Then he would
  take the ID and call in each person. I was the last one in the
  behind line. I was also the largest person there. I was even
  larger than the policemen. The cop never even acted like he saw
  me. He never asked me for my ID. Neither of the two cops paid
  any attention to me. All of my friends, except the two who were
  taken in by the police, thought I had left. Many asked me
  afterward where I went to hide. I told all of them that I was
  there. No one would believe me."
  Higbee offers no explanations for the phenomenon, yet wonders
  if it is in any way related to the powers claimed by yogis and
  practiced members of the Rosicr-ucians, both of whom say that
  human invisibility is not only possible, but controllable.
  Higbee raises the possibility that this invisibility might
  somehow correlate to the experiences of UFO abductees. In the
  cases of many abductees, their abductors not only seem to be
  able to become visible and invisible at will, but the abductees
  themselves are often rendered invisible by their alien captors,
  transporting them through closed windows and solid walls all the
  way up to the spaceships which, themselves, may be capable of
  invisibility.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20120321-More News From The C. Journal.-1165.html[12/03/2022 10:31:27]
