{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:09:53Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 39447, "source_ctime_ns": 1790681973935848089, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120328-A-Ride-In-An-Alien-Starship.-Parts-1-and-2-of-2.-1177.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790681973049760581, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120328-A-Ride-In-An-Alien-Starship.-Parts-1-and-2-of-2.-1177.pdf", "source_sha256": "506dc1005f616cb4c373f7f85c76356e2b92b0d06a00a46969ab90785a48aaac"}

A Ride In An Alien Starship. Parts 1 and 2 of 2.


   Subject: A Ride In An Alien Starship. Parts 1 and 2 of 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 28/03/2012, 02:10
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: A Ride In An Alien Starship.                                                   Mar. 26, 2012.
      Here is a man who says he took a ride in an alien Starship.
      This is part of Robert Stanley's information.
   .......................................................
   .......................................................
   Subject: The Arts
   Date: Thu, 22 Mar 2012 11:29:12 -0700
   http://www.unicusmagazine.com/html/circle.htm
   After an incredible experience aboard a starship, Taylor
   awoke one morning with the lingering desire to begin
   drawing waves and flying saucers.
   By Douglas Taylor
   http://www.unicusmagazine.com/html/images/jpg/back13.jpg
   http://www.unicusmagazine.com/html/images/jpg/back13s.jpg
   http://www.unicusmagazine.com/html/images/jpg/back14.jpg
   http://www.unicusmagazine.com/html/images/jpg/back14s.jpg
   As a child, Douglas Taylor was always fascinated with the
   idea of space exploration. Star Trek was his favorite program
   and he always felt that a sense of reality was being depicted to
   pave the way for our society to begin preparing for actual contact
   with extraterrestrial beings.
   Working as a carpenter, he was able to save money and travel
   around the world exploring remote and exotic areas
   enjoying his favorite pastime - surfing. It was in these travels
   that he began to truly appreciate the awesome beauty of
   nature and its h-aling, rejuvenating effects. He seemed to
   be guided and directed from unseen forces that culminated in
   a p-ychic experience where he was taken aboard a starship
   and mentally communicated with its extraterrestrial occupants.
   After this incredible uplifting experience aboard the starship,
   Taylor awoke one morning with the lingering desire to
   begin drawing waves and flying saucers. He discovered a beautiful
   transcendence would come over him when painting and quickly
   became immersed in the creative flow of inspiration. His painting
   improved very rapidly and at his first art showing he sold over
   fourteen paintings - most of which were starship paintings.
   The following is a personal account of Douglas Taylor's experience
   inside a starship and his conversations with the extraterrestrial
   occupants...
   My close encounter was an incredible, illuminating,
   never to-be-forgotten contact aboard a starship in 1978 when
   traveling in the Caribbean Islands. I had no previous interest in
   UFOs although I was open to the idea and at the time, was studying
   and reading about the many different concepts of m-taphysics.
   One night, after a good day surfing in the sparkling clear Caribbean
   waters, I lay down on my bed and began to feel a very unusual
   spinning sensation. It felt as if my entire body was gyrating
   in countless cyclic patterns - a very unusual and stimulating sensation.
         As my mind began to clear after this experience, I suddenly became
   aware of myself standing inside what I assumed was some type of
   spacecraft.
         Incredulous with my present situation, I received a mental greeting.
   "Yes friend, you are truly with us. Now allow your mind to relax, and we
   will
   be most happy to shed some light on your present predicament."
   My mind was reeling in the most tremendous state of mental
   excitement and anticipation I had ever experienced! The
   surroundings in which I found myself were pulsating with a brilliant
   luminosity that was literally emanating from everywhere about me.


20120328-A Ride In An Alien Starship. Parts 1 and 2 of 2.-1177.html[12/03/2022 10:31:29]
A Ride In An Alien Starship. Parts 1 and 2 of 2.

   Directly in front of me, was a group of seven beings, both male and
   female, standing around what appeared to be some sort of control
   panel.
   One particular s-ul, human in appearance and dressed in a pure
   white space suit, was looking at me with the most intense eyes I
   had ever seen. He seemed to be able to pierce directly into
   my mind. I knew this was not a normal "human being." There was a
   beautiful glow surrounding all of these beings and I noticed a warmth and
   tremendous sense of peace that was in stark contrast to the absolute
   excitement I felt as I began to realize I was standing inside a starship
   from
   some distant planet!
   Again, my lighted host directed his thoughts into my mind and I calmed
   down a little. "Please feel comfortable, my friend, as we are your brothers
   and wish only to make you feel at ease, so that you may gain some
   benefit from this encounter.
   You are one of many that we are contacting in this way, so as to let
   our presence be known upon your Earth - to prepare the people for
   the future plan that is beginning to unfold. I can see that your mind
   is bursting forth with questions, but please relax and I will attempt to
   answer your queries.
   Your people of planet Earth have yet to realize that intelligent life is
   teeming throughout the universe, in advanced civilizations and levels
   of development that would completely defy description. The countless
   billions of stars that appear in your astronomers telescopes are only
   a fraction of the overall magnitude of Infinite Creation - a Creation
   that had no beginning nor an ending, as all world, stars, and even
   galaxies function in the orderly pattern of cyclic regeneration.
   We come from a planet outside your solar system, the name of
   which would mean nothing to you. As you can see, our craft is
   formed from a crystalline material that seems to sparkle and
   glow, emanating a soft but brilliant, phosphorescent-like illumination.
         This material is actually similar to your diamond, only in a highly
   refined form with certain electromagnetic properties that your most
   advanced scientists are unaware of.
   In the central portion of our cylindrical craft, you will notice a
   tube-like configuration that runs vertically through the entire
   diameter of our starship. In this tube, you see a brilliant, pulsating,
   golden substance that is fluctuating iridescently in the various
   colors of the prismatic spectrum; this is the heart of our
   propulsion system. Through a process that would be difficult for
   you to understand, a sort of generating device begins an oscillation
   within this brilliant substance. It is actually a light plasma that
   polarizes our craft in a positive to negative phase reversal
   pattern; in other words, the electromagnetic properties of this
   plasma regenerate into an intense, high frequency condition.
   This begins a chain reaction in which the entire a-omic
   structure of the craft is now vibrating in harmonic resonance
   with this initial chain reaction. Our starship is no longer
   subject to the physical laws of gravity and inertia, as we
   have passed beyond that particular frequency spectrum.
   In a way, you could say that our ship is propelled by light
   radiation although it is a much higher frequency than the
   visible light spectrum. So we travel on the electromagnetic
   radiation bands that crisscross throughout the cosmos and
   only when we get to our particular destination or planet,
   do we again change our craft back to its more gross, at-mic
   form. Then through a simple magnetic process of attraction
   and repulsion, do we land or depart from any particular point."
   My mind was staggering under the excitement of the mental
   discourse I was receiving. Yet, in my heightened state of
   awareness, I seemed to understand the knowledge that was
   being imparted to me. With his eyes sparkling, my guide
   continued his elucidation.
   "I can see in your thoughts that you feel you can comprehend
   the workings of our starship, but please realize, the more
   primitive elements of your nature are being set aside for the
   time being.
   Rest assured that there is much to learn and experience
   and we should never feel that we know it all, as this will
   block the path for future knowledge.


20120328-A Ride In An Alien Starship. Parts 1 and 2 of 2.-1177.html[12/03/2022 10:31:29]
A Ride In An Alien Starship. Parts 1 and 2 of 2.

   The workings of our starship function according to certain
   principles that could be likened to the very movement of
   Creation itself. As all energy moves in waveform patterns,
   so do the countless thoughts that course through your
   mind move and function in this same manner and way.
   What to you appears to be fantastic or unbelievable, to us
   is a reality we have included in our particular realizations
   and concepts. You see us as fantastic beings, bordering on
   the limits of your imagination, in actuality we are humble
   participants - riding the life stream and helping our brothers
   in lesser states of awareness to awaken to their true
   nature. We are truly brothers to humanity, and are looking
   forward to the near future, when your people can accept
   us and desire us to land our spacecraft on your planet's
   floor, so that you, too, can join with us as working members
   of this great Cosmic Mind."
   I had been listening intently for about fifteen minutes to this
   incredible mental discourse. I now found myself losing
   grasp of the heightened and elevated state of mind I was
   enjoying up until now. As I looked at these beautiful radiant
   beings standing in front of me projecting serenity, a sense
   of peace and a truly advanced intelligence, I began to feel
   very primitive in comparison. I was like a savage in the
   jungle in relation to these benevolent beings. My mind
   rapidly sank into the pits of self-pity and depression. As
   I looked up at the Brother who had been communicating
   with me, I saw him glance over at one of the female
   crewmembers that now looked directly into my eyes. I
   stood transfixed, looking into the eyes of the most
   beautiful a-gelic woman I had ever seen.
         I literally felt a beam of pure loving compassion surge
   into the depths of my being immediately lifting me up
   again into the positive elevated state of mind I had
   initially been experiencing! I knew then that these
   advanced extraterrestrial beings did not judge me
   according to my limited belief system, but were only
   interested in my own benefit and welfare.
   Again I felt the mental prompting of my host, who I
   assumed to be the captain, "Now friend we must return
   you to your proper location and bid you adieu..."
   "Please wait! Can I go with you?" I asked.
   Part 1.
   John Winston.   johnfw@mlode.com
   Subject:A Ride In An Alien Starcraft. Part 2 of 2.                                      Mar. 26, 2012.
      Here he explains how some female people look.
   .........................................................
   .........................................................
   "No friend, our world would be impossible to you. But rest assured,
   with your dedicated efforts to integrate yourself into this great
   plan, you may someday come with us. May the Light of the Infinite
   Creative Intelligence always guide your footsteps.
   Farewell until a future time."
   I once again felt the unusual, gyrating and spinning sensation and
   found myself fully awake, lying on my bed, with a crystal clear
   memory of everything that had transpired. I felt sure I had
   just experienced an actual encounter with extraterrestrial
   beings.
   As I reflect back on this experience, some sixteen years later,
   I feel very fortunate to have been contacted in this way. It was
   not long after this encounter on the Caribbean Island of Puerto
   Rico, that I began having many psychic experiences that shook
   me loose from my limited and rigid thought patterns based on
   fear of the unknown. I began allowing myself to be guided more
   and more by my intuition. At age thirty, having never painted
   or been involved in creative expression of any kind, I awoke
   one morning with the desire to draw a starship. I began to feel
   ba beautiful uplifting transcendence every time I sat down to
   paint and now consider artistic expression to be a large part of
   my life's work.
   I have related my UFO experience to thousands of people in the
   past sixteen years and encountered many skeptics. but every


20120328-A Ride In An Alien Starship. Parts 1 and 2 of 2.-1177.html[12/03/2022 10:31:29]
A Ride In An Alien Starship. Parts 1 and 2 of 2.

   time I have an opportunity to relate about my experience, I feel
   the beautiful transcending state of mind that has become so
   familiar to me.
   Excerpted from
   http://www.unicusmagazine.com/html/back_issues.htm#13
   UNICUS Issue #13.
   mailto:editor@unicusmagazine.com
   E-mail us your comments
   mailto:rstanley@socal.rr.com

   Website:
   http://www.unicusmagazine.com/html/back_issues.htm#13
   Inspiration & Reincarnation: The Art of Creative Living
   by Douglas Taylor.
   Taylor discusses creative inspiration, the ability to sense
   intuitive guidance and the inner strength to follow this
   direction, regardless of the established rules and regulations of
   society.
   http://www.soulicjourneys.com/artist.html
   Douglas Taylor's Website
   Part 2 of 2.
   John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120328-A Ride In An Alien Starship. Parts 1 and 2 of 2.-1177.html[12/03/2022 10:31:29]
