{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:49:47Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32067, "source_ctime_ns": 1790667423929658731, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120430-Abduction.-1243-043deb5930.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790667423914815845, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120430-Abduction.-1243-043deb5930.pdf", "source_sha256": "24cd1b55f46bd6d441cf4a549d3e97a3d5592a3cd65caf8f7126bee624d4ecb6"}

Abduction.


  Subject: Abduction.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 30/04/2012, 22:02
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Abduction.
  April 30, 2012.
    This probably should be called "Disclosure" Part 8, but we'll call
  it "Abduction" Part 1.
     This talks about what happens when a person is abducted.
  .......................................................
  .......................................................
  viewzone.com
  about aliens and UFOs - for REAL! The link for the page is
  http://www.viewzone.com/event11.html
  By Gary V-y
  Scientific Proof of Alien Abductions
  One of the tenets of scientific proof is that a valid observable
  phenomenon can be predicted and repeated. I know, for example,
  that if I drop my cup of coffee it will fall to the floor and spill its
  contents. Although this has something to do with gravity, my
  intricate understanding of Newton's Laws is not necessary to
  prove that something is pulling the cup down when it is released.
  Trying to scientifically prove the existence of extraterrestrial
  beings requires the same prediction and repetition but does not
  require an intimate understanding of their origins, purpose
  or significance.
  http://www.viewzone.com/event88.mack.gif
  The closest evidence that meets these standards was reported
  by John E. Mack, a Doctor of Psychiatry and a professor at H-rvard
  University. Dr. Mack specialized in psychiatric problems
  associated with repressed memories, often from abused or
  neglected children, and developed a method for helping his
  patients unlock these painful memories, confront them and
  eventually move through the trauma.
  In his practice, Dr. Mack encountered hundreds of cases
  where adults revealed, often under hypnosis, memories of
  being abducted by alien beings. At first these memories were
  thought to be substitutes for actual se-ual or physical
  abuse, too painful to be recalled even in the hypnotic state.
  But then Dr. Mack noticed that the reports were all very
  similar and contained details of the appearance, actions and
  interactions of the small humanoids, their space vehicles and
  even the surgical utensils used in the physical examinations
  that were the central theme of these memories.
  At the time of therapy, Dr. Mack's patients were not yet
  exposed to the plethora of movies and books that popularized
  the UFO phenomenon. In fact, his patients often knew nothing
  of these things and were quite taken back when they were
  exposed to their own recollections under hypnosis.
  Eventually, Dr. Mack documented over 200 cases and published
  his findings in a book called "Abduction". The book was
  published in 1994, the same year that the series "X-Files"
  appeared on American television. This focused attention of the
  phenomena, both good and bad, and put Dr. Mack in the world's
  spotlight regarding UFOs and alien abductions.
  Unable to explain why these repressed memories were all quite
  similar, many summarily rejected his findings and subjected
  him to ridicule. Nevertheless, Dr. Mack's work chronicles the
  phenomenon which has become the archetypal abduction
  experience that continues to happen even today.
  In summarizing his observations of the abduction
  experience, Dr. Mack wrote:
  "I was faced with the choice of either trying to fit
  these individuals' reports in a framework that fit my
  worldview -- they were having fantasies, strange
  dreams, delusions or some other distortion of reality --
  or of modifying my worldview to include the
  possibility that entities, beings, energies -- something --


20120430-Abduction.-1243.html[12/03/2022 10:32:42]
Abduction.

  could be reaching my clients from another realm. The
  first choice was compatible with my worldview, but it
  did not fit the clinical data. The second was inconsistent
  with my philosophical grounding, and with conventional
  assumptions about reality, but appeared to fit better
  what I was finding. It seemed to be more logical, and
  intellectually more honest to modify my cosmology than
  to continue trying to force my clients into molds that
  did not suit them."
  The patterns or common elements that Dr. Mack observed
  in his patients' abduction memories can be described as:
  (1) m-dical and surgical procedures, often including an
  introduction of the abductee to alien/human hybrids;
  (2) the relaying of an ecological warning about the survival
  of the planet and the human species;
  (3) the initiation of a transforming, consciousness
  expanding phenomenon;
  (4) the eventual development of relationships with
  these beings. We will explore these elements with
  some real stories from abductees.
  Medi-al and surgical procedures...why?
  Many people have tried to equate the abduction
  procedures with our own system of tagging endangered
  species in the wild.
  Others have described the abductions as the normal
  activity one might expect when an alien race encounters
  a different species, on a different world. But the fact
  that physical exams have been going on now for many
  decades seems to suggest something other than
  benevolent protection or scientific curiosity. The
  systematic abductions of the same individuals over their
  entire lifespan is indicative of some larger agenda,
  perhaps even one which we are not prepared to accept.
  http://www.viewzone.com/event88.jacobs.gif
  Having studied the abduction phenomenon for over 35 years,
  Tem-le University professor David Jacobs, Ph.D., the author
  of the highly regarded books "The UFO Controversy In
  America" and "Secret Life", has come to regard the
  abductions as a means to breed hybrids (beings which are
  part human, part alien) in an attempt to replace our
  human population on Earth.
  He is somewhat apologetic about his conclusion and realizes
  how outrageous it sounds -- especially to those with little
  or no knowledge about the aliens or the abduction
  phenomenon.
  "I've been involved with UFO research for about 35 years
  now, since about 1965, and I have never been downcast
  or depressed about the phenomenon. I have never been
  pessimistic about it.
  I've always been filled with wonder and awe and amazement
  at it.
  I've been enthusiastic and optimistic about it.
  "But I must say that now that I've learned as much as I have
  learned, and I think I've learned an awful lot, I am very, very
  unsettled and upset by what I see. I don't like what I see. I
  wish I didn't see this. I wish I hadn't uncovered this. I
  despair of it. It's thrown me into a tremendous sense of
  concern about the future and unease. I just don't like it
  very much. I wish I did. I don't want to be this way. I don't
  want to be the bearer of bad news. I could not have ever
  imagined that I would come to this position. What I'm
  seeing now, what I've found with the phenomenon, I could
  never have imagined."
  According to Dr. Jacobs, the program is huge and spans a
  tremendous amount of time. It's done slowly and carefully to
  remain clandestine. However, the duration only seems long
  to humans, with a lifespan of 80 years. Aliens presumably
  live much longer and have more patience and time to reach
  their eventual goal.
  And that goal, according to abduction experts, is to take over
  our planet, replacing homo sapiens with a hybrid race.
  A typical abduction/breeding procedure
  http://www.viewzone.com/event88.lensflare.gif
  Michele was four years old when she remembers seeing the "face"


20120430-Abduction.-1243.html[12/03/2022 10:32:42]
Abduction.

  that frightened her. Her parents thought she was having nightmares.
  Michele remembers a face with big eyes that would frighten her so
  much that she couldn't move. She would "wake up" to find herself in
  her bedroom, surrounded by something that felt like an invisible
  solid wall, at which point she would become hysterical. When her
  parents came to her she was unable to explain what had happened and
  could only tell them about the "face". Naturally, they thought it
  was a bad dream.hybying "doctor" with various kitchen utensils,
  pretending they were surgical instruments.
  Her playmates were often made to undress and play "check up". This
  abruptly ended when her parents learned of this odd behavior and
  suspected that she might have been molested Michele once was
  "missing" and returned home late from high school. Her friends
  told her parents that she would sometimes insist on walking
  home alone through a remote wooded area. This caused
  concern that she had had an accident or met with foul play.
  She eventually returned in a dazed and confused state leading her
  parents to think that she might have been experimenting with d-ugs.
  They took her to a doctor but there was no evidence of any
  medication in her system. Instead, the phy-ician found raised,
  reddish, triangular patches on both arms. Michele was unable to
  explain how she got these marks.
  .........................
  (JW I belileve the reason for the abductions is that the Greys have
  reproduced from the use of cloning so long that their reproductive
  organs have atrophied, so much that they are not longer in existence.
  The Greys don't have much emotions. The higher beings who are
  responsible for the seeding or bringing beings to different planets
  saw the humans on Earth as having too much emotions and spent too
  much time and energy on se-ual things. They helped the Greys to
  come here and mate with humans which produces a hybrid r-ce
  of beings who are more emotional than the Greys and more s-xually
  minded than than the Greys. The Greys contributed to the hybrids
  the ability to be more intellectual and less emotional than humans.)
  Part 1.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120430-Abduction.-1243.html[12/03/2022 10:32:42]
