{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T10:58:29Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30771, "source_ctime_ns": 1790737436692211266, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120111-Simon-Says.-1039-3bd66f9913.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790737436600976379, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120111-Simon-Says.-1039-3bd66f9913.pdf", "source_sha256": "3779980fe71cd975902a88c6cd8a9dba695f406579d3a48d8b8bd8b1d92120de"}

Simon Says.


  Subject: Simon Says.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 11/01/2012, 22:47
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Simon Says.
  Jan. 11, 2012.
    This is not like the old game called "Simon Says" but it is about what
  Ashtar says.
  .........................................................
  .........................................................
  WOW! I'm so ready for this.
  Ja-is
  Ashtar: Say "Good-bye" and "Hello"                  - (Marvelous Insights into - Year 2012)
                           Ashtar on the Road Teleconference,
                           December 27, 2011
                           T-lepath, Susan L-land
  Ashtar speaks
  "Well, Good evening everyone! It is so wonderful to be here with you, to be
   here at this particular time, as you measure it. Upon your calendars you're
  getting ready to open up new calendars because it's the beginning.
  "So, we have here a most interesting situation - it is truly the alpha and
  omega - we have been saying that, those of us who are in mentorship. The
  beginning and the end, and the end and the beginning, because what is ending
  is the waiting, and what is beginning is truly the warp speed, shall we say,
  the anchoring upon Planet Earth of all that we have been talking about all
  these years, and more. Because you, yourselves, as individuals, have created
  your visions not only for Planet Earth, but for yourselves individually. And
  in some cases you are manifesting your visions, living your dreams so to
  speak - 'dreams come true,' and so on, and in some cases it hasn't quite
  come about yet, but it's there.
  "You see, it's just a matter of being up in a high enough dimensionality
  that you can claim or, as we advise, to require what it is, and to call it
  forth in such a way that is so definite that there is absolutely no doubt
  with it. And of course when you are in that higher dimensional Joy, feeling
  loved and wanting to just share all of the Love that you are, that is the
  perfect place to be, in order to bring this about.
  "But here's the thing - yes, it's the ending of all that has been, shall we
  say, gloomy doomy for Planet Earth for eons of time, and it's the beginning
  of the Golden A-e, but it is also a time for you, Beloved Ones, to end
  whatever programs you've been running which are not so
  higher-dimensional. It's not easy, we know that, but were here in greater
  numbers than ever before to assist you, not just as a Planet, but
  individually.
  "So, some things that are ending Planet-wide are w-rs - say 'goodbye'
  to wa-, financial lack - you can say 'goodbye' to poverty and all of the
  situations that poverty breeds, such as hunger, illness, enslavement to
  jobs that are not happy, and being dependent upon others rather than
  feeling as though you are the master of your own creations. Those are
  some of the things that you can say 'goodbye' to.
  "It is also that you can say 'goodbye' to such things as weather that is
  manipulated by those who would seek to control the world, disasters of
  that kind which have been triggered by some technology which, although
  it is from off-Planet, it is the kind of technology which has been
  destructive and harmful for all of Planet Earth -not just to the humans,
  but to all of the kingdoms of Planet Earth. That's over. Say 'goodbye to
  it.'
  They are still trying, but you see we have your permission to intervene,
  and that is what makes a difference!!!
  "You can say 'goodbye' to all of the toxicities and the pollutions which
  have
  been Planet-wide, below, on and above the Earth. There's nothing that
  is really clean about, shall we say, fracking and mining. It involves the


20120111-Simon Says.-1039.html[12/03/2022 10:31:01]
Simon Says.

  use of some very toxic chemicals. There is nothing that is really beneficial
  to human kind about chlorine in the water, it is very destructive and
  harmful, and you all know there is nothing whatsoever that is beneficial
  about GMO foods. A little hybrid here and there has been acceptable but
  what has happened is, GMO has weakened all who have partaken of it's
  lowly.
  "You know, these ones who have been running these programs have always
  thought within their own beings that they would never have to let go, that
  they would never have to stand in front of the people and admit to what
  they have done. They thought that they could just go on endlessly. Well,
  the masters that control them had told them so. You can say 'goodbye'
  to them because a lot of them are already gone and what you have in
  their place are placeholders, in some cases doubles, but mostly clones
  and what you call the 'solid holograms.'
  "If you are not familiar with solid holograms this would be a good time to
  look them up. In the greater sense we are all holographic anyway, but
  there is a specific technology which enables you to view someone, and
  enables them to be presented, as though they are still in a body, but they
  really are'nt. They're just a product of technology which has largely been
  used in the hands of those who want to deceive. There is another use
  for it of course, which is not devious, and certainly not with any ill
  intent -
  it is to entertain, but that is different.
  "We are talking about 'goodbyes' here so we also want to have you say
  'goodbye' to the kinds of energies that you refer to in two categories,
  one being fossil fuels, and the other being the n-kes the n-clear power
  plants. Because the truth of it is they have deliberately, not on the part
  of those who really believed that this was what you call cutting edge,
  leading edge, technology, designed to help power the world, but the
  ones who were giving them the assignments, perhaps, yes, who were
  going to build some nuk-s.
  "G-neral Electric has been big on that and so they hired people who
  would design the nuclear plants, but the people behind the scenes at
  Ge-eral Electric haven't always had the greatest welfare of the people
  in mind, because they know that there are deficiencies, weaknesses,
  which at some point or other might just spill out, you know? And you
  are all familiar with Chernobyl and the disasters in Japan. Let us
  take a moment to say 'goodbye' to nuc-ear power, and let us take a
  moment to send Love to all the ones in Japan.
  "It's finally coming out in the news, big time, that the people of Japan and
  the World - because this isn't just Japan's disaster - this is Worldwide,
  that
  radioactivity has been leaking into the very oceans and the oceans go
  everywhere in the world. There isn't a part of the world where the ocean
  waters don't find themselves. But you can say 'goodbye' to long-term nu-lear
  disaster, fall-out and toxicity because you've given us permission to come
  in.
  So you can say, Hello clean-up crew! And we've got ships absolutely
  blanketing the Earth and the truth of it is, it's heavy, heavy commitment
  to clean-up.
  "We could speed it up even more, and we will, but at the moment, because
  we are still in what you call pre-Disclosure phase, we must leave remnants,
  evidence, because it is necessary for the people of the World to start
  getting the truth, as it is pouring out right now, not just in this, but in
  all
  areas that could be discussed. It is absolutely imperative that the people
  understand, that they get the truth, they understand why it is, first of
  all,
  that the ones who have created these disasters are literally being put on
  trial and, secondly, how serious the situation really is because then their
  permission to us to come in and just do clean-sweep will follow. Well, we
  already have it but we, ourselves, are still in a phase where evidence is
  needed to help everyone understand.
  "Another thing to say 'goodbye' to is d-ugs. Alright, there are two
  categories
  of dr-gs legal and illegal. The legal dru-s are every bit as toxic - in fact
  in some cases more toxic - than the illegal -rugs. But it is, again, these
  ones who would run the world who have determined which classification
  each drug falls into. The p-isons are full of people who got caught with
  an illegal d-ug and the hospitals are full of people who were taking the
  legal dr-gs and are now more sick than ever. That's an awful lot of
  people who are not able to live full, happy and joyful lives. That's all
  going
  to stop. So you can say 'goodbye' to that and you can say 'hello' to true


20120111-Simon Says.-1039.html[12/03/2022 10:31:01]
Simon Says.

  healing - higher-dimensional healing - again.
  "Frequency! Yes, there are herbs and other kinds of healing ingredients
  or components, and yes, you can call them dr-gs if you want to, that
  have value, that can accompany or, shall we say, be energized by certain
  frequencies of light, color or sound. It's all frequency, you know. There
  are
  certain sounds, for instance, that you can play if you are wanting to do
  some kind of a h-aling -certain sounds, certain music. We shall hear two
  of them today, they are very high vibration, and you can play those and
  receive inspiration.*
  "Let us say that you want to write a letter to someone with whom you have
  had some kind of a falling out, a disagreement or a disharmony, and you
  simply want to move the relationship into a resolution phase, no matter
  what form it takes, and so you understand Forgiveness - lack of judgment,
  you understand Compassion and Love. Sometimes just simply playing
  high dimensional, high vibrational music in the background can create
  that high vibe state of being within yourself, such that you can accomplish
  what it is that you want to express in a way that reaches the other one
  in high-dimensional vibration, and so both of you are happy and at peace
  over something that may have been not so peaceful between you.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20120111-Simon Says.-1039.html[12/03/2022 10:31:01]
