{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:43:25Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31765, "source_ctime_ns": 1790668554632699213, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120108-What-We-Studied-At-Houme-Yesterday.-1034-0578a317e0.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790668554623783248, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120108-What-We-Studied-At-Houme-Yesterday.-1034-0578a317e0.pdf", "source_sha256": "7bff1e53691d3269341a5ae4c7c400a3c140b1f3feae0f51e03a8501dba8d250"}

What We Studied At Houme Yesterday.


  Subject: What We Studied At Houme Yesterday.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 08/01/2012, 23:22
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: What We Studied At Ralph's Home Today.                             Jan. 7, 2011.
  ................................................................
  ................................................................
  Dear Folks: Here is part of the Urantia Book Paper 73.
  ...................
  PAPER 73:
  THE GARDEN OF EDEN
  http://urantiabook.org/audio/uversa_press_dvd/p073_00.m3u
  Audio Version
  http://urantiabook.org/newbook/papers/synopsis/a_soe_73.html
  73:0.1 The cultural decadence and s-iritual poverty resulting
  from the Caligastia downfall and consequent social confusion
  had little effect on the physical or biologic status of the Urantia
  peoples. E-olution proceeded apace, quite regardless of the
  cultural and moral setback which so swiftly followed the
  disaffection of Caligastia and Daligastia.
  And there came a time in the planetary history, almost forty
  thousand years ago, when the Life Carriers on duty took note
  that, from a purely biologic standpoint, the developmental
  progress of the Urantia r-ces was nearing its apex. The
  Melchizedek receivers, concurring in this opinion, readily
  agreed to join the Life Carriers in a petition to the Most
  Highs of Edentia asking that Urantia be inspected with a view to
  authorizing the dispatch of biologic uplifters, a Material Son
  and Daughter.
  This request was addressed to the Most Highs of Edentia
  because they had exercised direct jurisdiction over many of
  Urantia's affairs ever since Caligastia's downfall and the temporary
  vacation of authority on Jerusem.
  Tabamantia, sovereign supervisor of the series of decimal or
  experimental worlds, came to inspect the planet and, after his
  survey of ra-ial progress, duly recommended that Urantia be
  granted Material Sons. In a little less than one hundred years
  from the time of this inspection, Adam and Eve, a Material Son
  and Daughter of the local system, arrived and began the difficult
  task of attempting to untangle the confused affairs of a planet
  retarded by rebellion and resting under the ban of s-iritual
  isolation.
  73:1 THE NODITES AND THE AMADONITES
  On a normal planet the arrival of the Material Son would ordinarily
  herald the approach of a great age of invention, material progress,
  and intellectual enlightenment. The post-Adamic era is the great
  scientific age of most worlds, but not so on Urantia.
  Though the planet was peopled by ra-es physically fit, the tribes
  languished in the depths of savagery and moral stagnation.
  Ten thousand years after the rebellion practically all the gains of
  the Prince's administration had been effaced; the rac-s of the
  world were little better off than if this misguided Son had never
  come to Urantia. Only among the Nodites and the Amadonites
  was there persistence of the traditions of Dalamatia and the
  culture of the Planetary Prince.
  The Nodites were the descendants of the rebel members of the
  Prince's staff, their name deriving from their first leader, Nod,
  onetime chairman of the Dalamatia commission on industry and
  trade. The Amadonites were the descendants of those Andonites
  who chose to remain loyal with Van and Amadon. " Amadonite "
  is more of a cultural and r-ligious designation than a rac-al term;
  raci-lly considered the Amadonites were essentially Andonites.
  " Nodite " is both a cultural and raci-l term, for the Nodites
  themselves constituted the eighth race of Urantia.
  There existed a traditional enmity between the Nodites and the
  Amadonites. This feud was constantly coming to the surface
  whenever the offspring of these two groups would try to engage
  in some common enterprise. Even later, in the affairs of Eden, it
  was exceedingly difficult for them to work together in peace.


20120108-What We Studied At Houme Yesterday.-1034.html[12/03/2022 10:31:00]
What We Studied At Houme Yesterday.

  73:1.5 Shortly after the destruction of Dalamatia the followers of
  Nod became divided into three major groups.
  The central group remained in the immediate vicinity of their original
  home near the headwaters of the Persian Gulf. The eastern group
  migrated to the highland regions of Elam just east of the Euphrates
  valley. The western group was situated on the northeastern Syrian
  shores of the Mediterranean and in adjacent territory.
  These Nodites had freely mated with the Sangik ra-es and had left
  behind an able progeny. And some of the descendants of the
  rebellious Dalamatians subsequently joined Van and his loyal
  followers in the lands north of Mesopotamia. Here, in the vicinity of
  Lake Van and the southern Caspian Sea region, the Nodites mingled
  and mixed with the Amadonites, and they were numbered among
  the " mighty men of old. "
  73:1.7 Prior to the arrival of Adam and Eve these groups Nodites and
  Amadonites were the most advanced and cultured r-ces on earth.
  B-ble References
  73:2 PLANNING FOR THE GARDEN
  http://urantiabook.org/audio/uversa_press_dvd/p073_02.m3u
  Audio Version
  For almost one hundred years prior to Tabamantia's inspection, Van
  and his associates, from their highland headquarters of world ethics
  and culture, had been preaching the advent of a promised Son of
  G-, a ra-ial uplifter, a teacher of truth, and the worthy successor
  of the traitorous Caligastia.
  Though the majority of the world's inhabitants of those days exhibited
  little or no interest in such a prediction, those who were in immediate
  contact with Van and Amadon took such teaching seriously and began
  to plan for the actual reception of the promised Son.
  73:2.2 Van told his nearest associates the story of the Material Sons
  on Jerusem; what he had known of them before ever he came to
  Urantia. He well knew that these Adamic Sons always lived in simple
  but charming garden homes and proposed, eighty-three years before
  the arrival of Adam and Eve, that they devote themselves to the
  proclamation of their advent and to the preparation of a garden home
  for their reception.
  73:2.3 From their highland headquarters and from sixty-one far-scattered
  settlements, Van and Amadon recruited a corps of over three thousand
  willing and enthusiastic workers who, in solemn assembly, dedicated
  themselves to this mission of preparing for the promised at least
  expected Son.
  73:2.4 Van divided his volunteers into one hundred companies with a
  captain over each and an associate who served on his personal staff
  as a liaison officer, keeping Amadon as his own associate.
  These commissions all began in earnest their preliminary work, and the
  committee on location for the Garden sallied forth in search of the ideal
  spot.
  73:2.5 Although Caligastia and Daligastia had been deprived of much of
  their power for e-il, they did everything possible to frustrate and hamper
  the work of preparing the Garden. But their ev-l machinations were
  largely offset by the faithful activities of the almost ten thousand loyal
  midway creatures who so tirelessly labored to advance the enterprise.
  73:3.1 The committee on location was absent for almost three years.
  It reported favorably concerning three possible locations: The first was
  an island in the Persian Gulf; the second, the river location subsequently
  occupied as the second garden the third, a long narrow peninsulaalmost an
  island projecting westward from the eastern shores of the Mediterranean
  Sea.
  The committee almost unanimously favored the third selection. This
  site was chosen, and two years were occupied in transferring the world's
  cultural headquarters, including the tree of life, to this Mediterranean
  peninsula. All but a single group of the peninsula dwellers peaceably
  vacated when Van and his company arrived.
  This Mediterranean peninsula had a salubrious climate and an equable
  temperature; this stabilized weather was due to the encircling
  mountains and to the fact that this area was virtually an island in an
  inland sea. While it rained copiously on the surrounding highlands,
  it seldom rained in Eden proper. But each night, from the extensive
  network of artificial irrigation channels, a " mist would go up " to refresh
  the vegetation of the Garden.


20120108-What We Studied At Houme Yesterday.-1034.html[12/03/2022 10:31:00]
What We Studied At Houme Yesterday.

  The coast line of this land mass was considerably elevated, and the
  neck connecting with the mainland was only twenty-seven miles wide
  at the narrowest point. The great river that watered the Garden came
  down from the higher lands of the peninsula and flowed east through
  the peninsular neck to the mainland and thence across the lowlands of
  Mesopotamia to the sea beyond. It was fed by four tributaries which took
  origin in the coastal hills of the Edenic peninsula, and these are the "
  four
  heads " of the river which " went out of Eden, " and which later became
  confused with the branches of the rivers surrounding the second garden.
  The mountains surrounding the Garden abounded in precious stones and
  metals, though these received very little attention. The dominant idea
  was to be the glorification of horticulture and the exaltation of
  agriculture.
  The site chosen for the Garden was probably the most beautiful spot
  of its kind in all the world, and the climate was then ideal. Nowhere else
  was there a location which could have lent itself so perfectly to
  becoming such a paradise of botanic expression. In this rendezvous
  the cream of the civilization of Urantia was forgathering.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20120108-What We Studied At Houme Yesterday.-1034.html[12/03/2022 10:31:00]
