{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T11:34:15Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 26842, "source_ctime_ns": 1790675333085863053, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120323-You-Light-Up-My-Life.-1170-0b4a4fa297.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790675333075473672, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120323-You-Light-Up-My-Life.-1170-0b4a4fa297.pdf", "source_sha256": "f9ef68e305fee2fee42ecfdda0384a3386526d7e591651d02c34b3a104b26cbf"}

You Light Up My Life.


  Subject: You Light Up My Life.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 23/03/2012, 21:53
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: You Light Up My Life.
  Mar. 23, 2012.
     That song was sung by my friend, Pat Boone's daughter, Debby   Boone.
     The following information comes from Robert Stanley.
  ...........................................................
  ...........................................................
  Subject: S-irituality
  By Kenneth M. Torena
  It was 6.00 a m. in the morning when I had a strange feeling that
  someone was shaking my leg and shoulder. I knew that was impossible
  because I live alone. I woke up and there stood before me was five angelic
  beings at the foot of my bed.
  Two of the angels were 10 feet tall with large wings; the other three
  were 8 feet tall with a beautiful golden glow around their bodies. All five
  beings were as bright as the sun, their faces shined brilliantly, and their
  presence lit up the whole room. They said, "We were sent by the Creator
  to ask you to write a poem to help others." I asked "What will the poem
  be called?" The angels answered very politely, "We are all angels."
  I got out of bed, sat down at my desk and started typing. The words just
  flowed out of me and it took me 15 minutes to write the poem. When I
  had finished the poem, four of the five angels left my home except for
  one who remained to explain the meaning of the poem. It was one of
  the 10-foot tall angels with wings. The angel went on to explain why
  G-d wanted this poem written. The angel explained that Go- looks
  upon all of us as his angels or his children. -od loves all of us
  both good or bad. G-d is sad when his angels do e-il to themselves
  or to other angels. Go- hopes that those angels that are lost will
  see what they are doing, wake up, turn around, and treat his other
  angels with love. The angel went on to explain that, "The closer
  you want to know -od, seek the truth in all things, give service
  to others, practice humility, eliminate ego, seek G-d's will instead
  of your own will, then you raise the frequency in your mind and
  sp-rit. Your thinking and consciousness will become one with
  the Creator's consciousness. You start to use the gifts of the
  spir-t of -od to give service to others. By giving service to others,
   you please G-d and practice obedience, which in turn raises the
  frequency in your mind, body, s-ul, and sp-rit."
  "The higher your frequency, the more -od reveals and shows you
  he-venly things. You are able to see and experience things
  that most people cannot see or believe are true. You come to a
  level where you have the Knowing or to know certain events
  that have happened in the past as well as certain events that
  will happen in the present and future. There comes a point in
  time in everyone's life when your sp-rit leaves your body. If at
  that time your awareness or frequency is at a certain level then
  you can graduate to a higher level of heav-n. If you have not
  reached a higher frequency, then you are not able to pass
  through the barrier that has been placed around this planet,
  and you will have to come back to experience what you needed
  to learn to graduate. You see, Go- has set a barrier around this
  planet so that those of a lower frequency cannot pass through
  to the higher levels of he-ven."
  "To pass through this barrier you must lighten your load. You
  must forgive all those who may have hurt or wronged you in
  any way. Ask those that you may have hurt or harmed in this
  life, or any life, to forgive you for what you may have done to
  them. You must ask G-d to forgive you for being angry with
  him in this life and every other life you have ever had. You
  must eliminate all negative thoughts or emotions that you
  keep in your heart - which keeps you from growing. When
  you love thyself, then you can share love and compassion
  with others. Those who don't give up all negative thoughts or


20120323-You Light Up My Life.-1170.html[12/03/2022 10:31:28]
You Light Up My Life.

  emotions they carry in their heart will not be able to pass
  through the barrier surrounding this planetary world. They
  will have to return again and go through whatever experiences
  that they need to learn to graduate or have to continue to
  come back however long it takes them till they get it right."
  "When -od creates a spi-it, he gives it free will. We are given
  the right to choose our own path whatever it may be. Those
  that graduate from this world can pass through the barrier
  around this world and move on to experience the other
  levels of heav-n. There are many levels of heave- and all
  the levels are for the purpose of growth through the many
  experiences that we encounter.
  Our spir-tual consciousness never stops growing or expanding.
  Those who choose to remove their burdens will be free to
  move on. When -od creates a sp-rit it is an energy form
  which is never destroyed. Each spiri- is conscious of thought,
  and has the basic code of Cosmic Law of the universe placed
  within. All beings created throughout the universe have this
  cosmic law within their sp-rit. Je--s, the C-rist stated,
  The kingdom of Go- is within you. All created beings have
  free will to choose to live by -od's cosmic law or not to live
  by his law. G-d does not create spi-itual beings to eventually
  destroy them later on. There is order in the universe and
  almighty G-d reigns with perfect everlasting love and
  compassion for all creation."
  "Do not have fear when you see very soon all the prophecies of
  the B-ble happening all over the world, for these events were
  foretold of. When these events occur draw closer to -od, as for
  guidance, give service to others, and look up your redemption
  draweth nigh." When the angel finished what he had to say, he
  told me that Go- was pleased with the work l was doing and
  sent his angels as a personal thank you for being obedient by
  doing his will.
  After that, the angel smiled and said, "We will see you soon
  for We Are All Angels."
  ........
  WE ARE ALL ANGELS
  It was written back in the days of old. When angels from
  hea-en came to earth to help us grow.
  Giving service was their main intent. One of the many
  reasons they were sent.
  Our hea-enly father had a special plan. To teach his
  cosmic law of love to man. All throughout history angels
  came bringing peace. To heal broken hearts or troubled
  minds at ease.
  Some angels have he-venly wings. Other angels have
  beautiful voices that sing. The angels that choose to
  come to this earth. Sometimes come in the form of a
  man or woman at birth.
  Some prophets were really angels on a mission to
  eliminate all negative thoughts or emotions causing
  division. Our he-venly father created all things for his
  pleasure.
  To have peace, love, joy in your heart is the greatest
  treasure.
  To this day, the message the angels bring is still the same.
  Be kind to one another, don't try to judge or blame. Stop
  for the moment, listen and open your eyes. We are all angels
  in disguise.
  .....
  Kenneth M. Torena is a massage therapist living in Westminster,
  California. He also works as a freelance videographer and
  enjoys designing jewelry in his spare time.
  John Winston          johnfw@mlode.com


20120323-You Light Up My Life.-1170.html[12/03/2022 10:31:28]
