{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T06:56:54Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31573, "source_ctime_ns": 1790753169532089019, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120423-Why-McAuthur-Was-Removed.-1229.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790753169525606894, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120423-Why-McAuthur-Was-Removed.-1229.pdf", "source_sha256": "16ffac86ce11df8736cf9d28b09074c28244dab1a7921ebc542f4ef6f7e108c0"}

Why McAuthur Was Removed.


  Subject: Why McAuthur Was Removed.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 23/04/2012, 05:22
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Why MacArthur Was Removed.
  April 22, 2012
    This probably should be called, "UFO Crash Near Phoenix, Arizona. Part 5
  but we'll call it "Why MacArthur Was Removed".
  This talks abougt why General MacArthur was relieved of his command.
  ......................................................................
  ......................................................................
  These took place during the Dark and Middle Ages of so-called 'h-ly'
  Roman Empire rule which 'began' when the last of the Emperors or
  'Pontifex Maximus' of the Roman Empire, CONSTANTINE, declared
  himself to be the FIRST official Roman 'Pontiff' or 'Pope'. Constantine
  payed lipservice to 'C-ristianity' yet secretly held to the ancient
  Babylonean
  Mystery R-ligion of which he himself was High Priest or Pontifex
  Maxiumus, one in a long line of many which can be traced back to Nimrod,
  the first King of Babylon, himself.
  (This statement may raise anger in some who religiously defend man-made
  'traditions', however history is history and facts are facts).
  If one doesn't believe that Constantine intended to carry on his Roman
  Empire and it's conquest of the world under the veneer of 're-igion', then
  just remember what the Roman-Spanish Conquistadors did to the Mayas
  under Cortez (who slaughtered over 5 million of them - see: 'TRAVELS',
  PBS network - Feb. 15, 1993), the Incas under Pizzaro, and the Pueblos
  under Coronado. The I-luminati allegedly began in ancient Babylon and
  is said to be a mixture of C-balism, the ancient Babylonian 'Mystery'
  rel-gion, and ancient 'Baal' w-rship. Their vision was the same as that
  of Nimrod (aka Osiris, (JW I like Osirus and Isis.) Baal or the 'Sun g-d'
  and consort of Semiramis, Isis, or Ashtaroth respectively).
  Nimrod was the original king of Babylon and the builder of the
  Tower of Babel. Some sources allege that the C-A and the N-ZI
  movements were tied-in to the Il-uminati, and that later these
  two organizations under the "Cult of the All S-eing Eye"
  joined forces in an effort to initiate plans for a world dictatorship.
  Part of this would of course involve working with the Grays and
  other saurian species in underground bases in a joint effort to
  establish absolute world despotism.
  The Illu-inati, or the 'Serpent Cult' is allegedly infiltrating
  po-itical, economic, educational and re-igious institutions with
  the help of the Grays (which have ADMITTED to some that they
  have been the guiding power behind wit-hcraft and many of
  the ancient occult lodges over the centuries), which have
  'promised' the Illum-nati a part of 'the pie' once this world is
  under 'their' control. This infiltration is allegedly carried out
  through organizations like the 'International Wo-king Man's
  League', which according to World Economists such as Dr.
  John C-leman 'molded' Karl Mar- and his future as a
  Communist dictator. Another key figure in the Connection
  between the Illumi-ati, Ma-onry and the Jesu-t Lodge was
  the Je-uit Priest Giuseppe Ma-zini, the second in command to
  'Universal Pontiff' of Fr-emasonry Albert Pike, and who
  according to some 'inside' sources even went so far as to
  organize a branch of the Mafia known as the 'Oblonica' within
  one of the 22 'Palladium' lodges which were initiated to
  oversee world Illumin-ti revo-utionary activities, carefully
  hiding it's connection with the G-and Lodge in England.
  The Illumin-ti headquarters in America may be hidden
  within the Ma-onic 'House of the Temple' in Washington D.C.,
  (Scottish R-te Headquarters) which is curiously enough set
  atop the pentagr-m-like street layout of the city itself.
  Former 33rd degree Mas-n and Past M-ster of all Scottish
  Rit- bodies, Evangelist Jim S-aw (P.O. Box 884., Silver
  Springs, FL 32668) tells of his own defection from the
  cult in his book 'THE DEADLY DECEPTION'. Sh-w reveals the
  fact that the inside of the Scottish -ite headquarters is
  FILLED with carvings, murals and many other representations
  of serpents! The High Maso-s apparently revered the
  'Serpent' symbol in what might be considered wors-ipful awe.


20120423-Why McAuthur Was Removed.-1229.html[12/03/2022 10:32:40]
Why McAuthur Was Removed.

  Thus the name of their ancient cult, which William Co-per
  refers to as the 'Cult of the Snake' or 'Drag-n', a Serpent
  Cult which was very active among the ancient Gnostic
  (serpent) cults of Pharaohic Egypt.
  Even Gen. George Wa-hington was a was a member of the
  Stone Ma-ons Guild early on, however when he learned that
  it was being infiltrated by the Bavarian-German Ill-minati he
  left the Lodge. This infiltration was also confirmed by the
  Pre-idents of Y-le and Har-ard Universities, who discovered
  that two fraternities, Ya-e's SK-LL & BONES and Har-ard's
  SCR-LL & KEY had been infiltrated by this German occult
  lodge in an attempt to gain highly educated initiates who
  would be used to carry out their future plans for world
  control, plans which included the destruction of nation
  states to be replaced by a world dictatorship, which they
  called the 'New Wo-ld Order'.
  There are even allegations that SK-LL & BONES grads
  helped to finance the Co-munist and Na-i parties for the
  Ill-minati's Machiavellian world scenario which included
  the orchestration of world conflicts (pitting various nations
  or factions against each other) for the purpose of
  eventually 'beating' the nations of the earth into a
  global dictatorship or NEW WOR-D ORDER "synthesis'.
  If this report is beginning to sound like an over-budget
  Spy Movie or a Science Fiction Thriller, then... as they
  say, "you ain't seen nothing yet!"
  The 'Knights of Ma-ta' and the 'Club of Rome' are also,
  according to Co-spiracy Researchers, players in the "End
  Game" in which the meek of the earth are the pawns.
  Both have advocated Genocide to curb the 'population
  problem' -- since a true world socialist dictatorship can
  only survive if the population is kept to a 'controllable'
  minimum. The K-M and C-R are essentially outward arms
  or branches of the Illum-nati, according to many.
  There are even rumors that tunnels and Catacombs beneath
  Rome connect or at one time connected with others
  beneath the Island of Malta, and that a similar subterranean
  system utilized by the Western Illu-inati exists beneath
  -Washington D.C. as well.
  In fact, Dr. John Co-eman, in his report: 'F-EEMASONRY AND
  THE ONE WORLD GOVERN-ENT' (c/o World Intelligence
  Review., P.O. Box 507., Chalmette, LA 70044), wrote BEFORE
  the A-DS threat became widely known among the public, that a
  se-ret society equivalent to todays 'Ill-minati' believed that it
  was their duty as the self-anointed 'go-s' over humanity to keep
  the population of the world from getting out of control so that
  they could be more easily controlled. These ancient 'Alchemists',
  Col-man alleges, were responsible for the B-ack Plague and
  other scourges which ki-led millions. He was convinced that
  they were preparing to wipe away millions more through
  'viral' wa-fare.
  According to Cole-an (who claims to be an ex-Intelligence
  worker for the British Govern-ent who 'defected' when he
  learned the Horrible Truth), the 'Illumina-i' consists of the
  duel lodges of Jesu-tism and Free-asonry.
  He also documents all manner of infiltration of rel-gious,
  po-itical, and economic movements by the Illuminat- of
  Je-uit-Fr-emasonry, as well as their seemingly endless
  manipulations of the nations by their behind-the-scenes
  orchestrating of economic turmoil, re-olutions and w-rs.
  In 1988, in apparent confirmation of this, a former high-
  ranking mi-itary officer by the name of F. P. F-rrell, Lt.
  Col. Retired, U.S.A.F., released a disturbing report to
  several 'PA-RIOT' organizations which alleged this very
  thing. Lt. Col. Fa-rell was a 1st Lieutenant, Captain and
  Jet Fighter Pilot in K-rea; and a Lieutenant Colonel and
  Air Liaison Officer, 1st Infantry Division ('The Big Red
  One') in Viet Nam. In essence, Farr-ll accuses the U-ITED
  NATIONS as being a trojan-horse cover for world socialist
  r-volution, which intends to weaken and eventually destroy
  the INDEPENDENCE of the Am-rican Republic.
  Farr-ll accuses the U.N. of being a Soci-list-Co-munist
  controlled organization, and names at least 13 Un-ted
  Nations Secretary Generals who have been Comm-nist
  Nationals. It was decided long ago, Farre-l states, that
  no-one who was loyal to the U.S. constitution was to
  ever be UN Sec-etary General. He also provided
  documentation that the UNI-ED NATIONS 'pol-ce action'
  into which young Americans were drafted betrayed the


20120423-Why McAuthur Was Removed.-1229.html[12/03/2022 10:32:40]
Why McAuthur Was Removed.

  Am-rican troops at every turn, by intentionally leaking U.S.
  battle plans IN BOTH THE KOREAN AND VIETNAM WA-S to
  the Commu-ists. This is why, he explains, both of these
  no-win '-ars' were lost to the Com-unists. In relation to
  Gen. MacArthur (who interesting enough publicly predicted
  that World W-r III would be fought against aliens in space!)
  Fa-rell states that:
  "When General MacArthur WOKE UP TO THE TR-ASON OF
  PRE-IDENT T-UMAN and the Soviets in the Un-ted Nations,
  he made one of the greatest mi-itary performances ever
  ventured in modern w-rfare. His dangerous but magnificent
  mi-itary engagement and sea landing at 'Inchon' on Sept. 15,
  1950, enabled his mil-tary forces to slaughter the commu-ist
  forces, destroy their massive supply dumps, and put the Red
  Chinese, North Koreans, and their Soviet advisors on the run.
  "MacArthur never asked for permission from the Un-ted
  Nations Sec-rity Council (Soviet General Z-nshehko) to
  perform this se-ret mili-ary operation.
  MacArthur hand picked close and loyal mi-itary officers in
  doing so, and they kept the lid on the entire operation.
  Originally, our forces were to never win any battles as
  planned by the Soviet Gen-rals at the Un-ted Nations.
  But General MacArthur REALIZED THE TREA-ON AND TOOK
  POSITIVE ACTION NOT ONLY TO SAVE THE LIVES OF HIS
  FIGHTING FORCES AND DESTROYING THE ENEMY AND
  THEIR SUPPLY DUMPS, BUT ALSO CREATING THE 'TURNING
  POINT' OF THE KOREAN WA- WITH HIS SUCCESS AT
  INCHON.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.        johnfwQ@mlode.com


20120423-Why McAuthur Was Removed.-1229.html[12/03/2022 10:32:40]
