{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T10:22:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32305, "source_ctime_ns": 1790785900134060745, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120428-Post-4.-1239.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790785899835980811, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120428-Post-4.-1239.pdf", "source_sha256": "e3d29f012dc14b359dab324c9bbc96d10bd00f058519fd2d19613b3c108bf11d"}

Post 4.


   Subject: Post 4.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 28/04/2012, 15:11
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Disclosure.              Part 4.
   April 28, 2012.
     This talks about the planet called Urnaia. That is the name of our
   planet.
   If any space person asks you where you are from you say that you are
   from Urantia the third planet from the sun called Sol in the Milly Way
   galaxy.
   ...................................................
   ...................................................
   An interesting article I want to share. I thought you would be interested in
   this article on viewzone.com about aliens and UFOs - for REAL! The link for
   the page is
   http://www.viewzone.com/event11.html
   "Share This Site"
   http://www.viewzone.com/shareit.gif
   2011 By Gary V-y
   "Your world, Urantia, is one of many similar inhabited planets which
   comprise
   the local universe of Nebadon.
   This universe, together with similar creations, makes up the superuniverse
   of
   Orvonton..."
   -- Introduction, Urantia PAPERS
   The Origins of Alien & Human R-ces
   The Urantia Papers
   I once travelled with a blond haired woman (no, she wasn't tall)
   to China. In some of the smaller villages the children -- and some
   adults -- surrounded us and wanted to touch her hair. For most, it
   was the first time they had seen hair that was not black.
   Humans are curious people and part of our fascination with aliens is
   that, dispite being human-like, they look so different from us.
   While there are many discussions and revelations about the
   appearance of aliens, I have found no better explanation and
   analysis of this subject that those in a curious text called
   the
   http://www.urantia.org/
   Urantia Papers.
   The Urantia Papers are a collection of transcribed sessions with
   extraterrestrial entities, mostly non-material, which describe the
   structure and organization of the Universe, it's various rac-s and
   political structure as well as a detailed history of the creation
   and e-olution of humans.
   Although they were written sometime before 1932, I first became
   aware of the Urantia Papers in 1971. Over the years I have read and
   re-read the material and always find it both comprehensive and
   thorough in its concept. In 1975 I was fortunate to have met and
   interviewed Emma Christensen, who was present during the transfer
   of knowledge and actually transcribed most of the material from its
   sources. I will try to recall my conversation with her to explain
   what I learned about the origins of this remarkable collection of
   information. Some of the minor details may be incorrect, but the
   actual story was unforgettable. Prohibition, Kellogg Cornflakes &
   Eugenics. From 1920 through 1933 there was a ban on alcoholic
   beverages in the Un-ted States. Called "Prohibition", the laws were
   difficult to enforce and stimulated an underground market for
   clandestine "booze" and was a boon to organized crime. While the
   ordinary worker could hardly afford to get drunk, the upper classes
   partied with imported alcohol and soon began to suffer the
   consequences of overindulgence.
   http://www.viewzone.com/event99-prohibition.jpg
   Alcoholism usually culminates in a deficiency of thiamine, or vitamin
   B1. Symptoms of this deficiency appear as tremors, delirium and
   other nervous system problems. These medical problems were
   common among the rich and famous of the late 20s and


20120428-Post 4.-1239.html[12/03/2022 10:32:42]
Post 4.

   early 30s and were treated in mental hygiene clinics where the
   patients were fed thiamine-rich grains, such as corn. The most
   popular clinics of this type were run by the Post and Kellogg
   families in the Midwest.
   The founder of the Kellogg business was a philanthropist named
   John Kellogg [below: right]. He and his wife took care of many
   orphan children, sometimes legally adopting them and often not.
   But most of the children were well cared for and inherited the
   family name. One of these children was Wilfred Kellogg.
   We know very little about Wilfred other than the fact that he was
   not well schooled and suffered from some mental peculiarities. John
   Kellogg sought help for Wilfred from a well known Mental Hygiene
   specialist in Chicago, Dr. William Sadler, who was married to his
   sister, Lena Kellogg Sadler, a prominent surgeon. As the story is
   told, Wilfred suffered from "spells" during which he would speak in
   a different voice and use language that apparently made no sense.
   Dr. Sadler was asked to intervene as a favor to the family.
   http://www.viewzone.com/event99-kellogg.gif
   According to Emma Christensen, Wilfred appeared normal when
   he was not having these spells, albeit he was lacking in education
   and schooling. But once in the office of Dr. Sadler and frequently
   in Wilfred's bedroom as he slept, he had his peculiar spells and
   began to talk in a different voice, using excellent grammar and
   vocabulary -- much to the surprise of his observers.
   Wilfred and Dr. Sadler had many conversations covering a myriad
   of topics which included science, philosophy and r-ligion.
   Dr. Sadler attempted to explore the depth and scope of this
   "sleeping subject" and soon enlisted the assistance of other
   intellectuals, fluent is various disciplines and sciences, to query
   Wilfred during these spells. It should be mentioned that when
   Wilfred came out of these states he was totally ignorant of
   what had transpired and resumed his normal consciousness.
   Eventually there were many dozens of observers who were studying
   Wilfred. They would question him about such matters as physics,
   history, biology and astronomy and verified that his knowledge of
   hese topics was complete and even futuristic. It was about this
   time that "Christy" (Emma Christensen), Dr. Sadler's adopted
   daughter and stenographer, was asked to transcribe the various
   inquisitions. Then it happened.
   Suddenly Wilfred, during a spell, announced that he had something
   urgent to say and that it was to be transcribed for humanity.
   Subsequently Christy transcribed each session in which a different
   entity would speak through Wilfred on a variety of organized topics.
   These transcripts became the individual Urantia Papers -- Urantia
   being the name of planet Earth in the Universal language.
   Once Wilfred had completed his mission he was cured of his spells
   and went on to get married and maintained a job in the Kellogg
   company. His involvement with the delivery of the papers was kept
   secret both to protect him from harassment and with the sincere
   belief that it was not he, Wilfred, who originated the papers.
   Recently there has been some controversy about whether Wilfred
   was the actual "sleeping subject". All I can say is the above story
   was told to me by Emma Christensen in 1975. I figured she ought to
   have known and had no reason to deceive me. Anyway, it's a good
   story.
   Much of the material in the Urantia Papers contains an underlying
   theme of genetics, on the part of the originators of human life on
   the planet and also in the deterioration of the human gene pool.
   Often there are subtle warnings about allowing the inferior humans
   to multiply. This theme was obviously carried by Dr. Lena Kellogg
   Sadler, the wife of Dr. William Sadler, who became a spokesperson
   for the popular eugenics movement in A-erica.
   As a fellow member of the American College of Sugeons and director
   of the Illinois Federation of Women's Clubs, Dr. Lena Kellogg
   Sadler made a famous speech in which she suggested that the
   mentally inferior humans should be s-erilized and confined to work
   camps where they would be successfully removed from the gene
   pool. (JW I don't agree or go along with that idea.)
   The wealthy and prosperous people with successful genes were
   encouraged to have many children and "uplift" the human gene
   pool.
   Some articles of the era even suggested that corn flakes were
   developed as a kind of economical "feed" for the individuals
   confined to these camps. Although this sounds shocking now, and
   reminiscent of N-zi Germany, it was once an idea that was gaining
   ground in the early American society.
   Universe Organization
   According to the Urantia Papers the material universe is finite


20120428-Post 4.-1239.html[12/03/2022 10:32:42]
Post 4.

   and has a central abode of enormous proportions which serves
   as the gravitational stabilizer and headquarters of deity. The
   geography of suns and planets are divided into seven huge wheels
   called SuperUniverses [see below], which contain galaxies,
   local universes and individual solar systems with inhabited
   planets.
   http://www.viewzone.com/event99-master.gif
   There is also a gover=ment of sorts, albeit spi-itual, and each
   local universe is ruled by a System Sovereign who designs life,
   coordinates its implementation and evo=ution and then tests it by
   becoming i-carnate as various creatures of his local universe realm.
   In the discourse of the Urantia Papers this Sovereign was Je--s and
   his in-arnation as a human -- the lowest sentient form of life in
   his Local Universe repertoire -- was the final test, after which he
   could claim authority to rule over his creation.
   In the papers we are told that there are as many as 100,000
   System Sovereigns in our SuperUniverse. Each represents a
   portion of the universe where suns and planets have been
   materialized, and a specific pattern of life forms has been
   established -- both material and spir-tual.
   Part 4.
   John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120428-Post 4.-1239.html[12/03/2022 10:32:42]
