{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T11:32:26Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27256, "source_ctime_ns": 1790680784602326248, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120604-9_11-Was-Rigged.-1311-10c4674f5e.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790680784570075721, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120604-9_11-Was-Rigged.-1311-10c4674f5e.pdf", "source_sha256": "196d984a10b2af9d6db6a3b078cd88ef54c0a4f63711d90f1ce144f106bc5ae9"}

9/11 Was Rigged.


  Subject: 9/11 Was Rigged.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 04/06/2012, 05:54
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: 9/11 Was Rigged.
  June 3, 2012.
     Here the good type space people talk about what happened on 9/11.
  .......................................................
  .......................................................
  Sorry to be so late in forwarding the messages this morning. Just didn't
  have the energy I needed this morning to get moving earlier.
  Ja-is
  From: Michael Q-insey [mailto:michael.quinsey@mypostoffice.co.uk]
  Sent: Friday, June 01, 2012
  SaLuSa 1-June-2012
  This year you have come a long way in such a short time, and our allies
  have progressed to the point where their efforts are about to pay off. At
  times it has been a precarious journey, as the more successful you have
  been in anchoring the Light upon the Earth, the more the dark Ones have
  been determined to halt your progress. Yet you have risen to the challenge,
  and the possibility of you being stopped before you have reached your
  goal has passed. It is therefore plain sailing from hereon, as our plan
  unfolds and almost everything is in place for the final thrust. Timing as
  always is the biggest factor at present, and when we get the signal to
  go ahead matters will move forward very quickly.
  As people have awakened to the Light within, so the Light quotient
  upon Earth has increased exponentially and has reached a powerful
  level. The result is such that the lower vibrations are being transmuted,
  and that a far greater level of consciousness exists than before. It
  means that all of the planning and hard work to raise such levels has
  been a great success. Suddenly more of you are receptive to the
  new ideas that are being put forward, that will lift your civilization
  up and out of the dark period that you have just gone through. The
  idea of dramatic changes to your life, ingrained habits and beliefs,
  is suddenly being welcomed, as you can see the benefits it will
  bring. Nothing comes without some sacrifices, but as we have
  often informed you, it is all for your future happiness and wellbeing.
  We view your present position as one that enables you to cope
  quite easily, and we look to you to carry other people forward
  who are less aware or uninformed. The preparations that we
  have made, will at some stage take over the responsibility of
  keeping people up to date with what is happening. That is
  viewed as very important, as we must be seen to be operating
  in your best interests at all times. It is in fact very easy for us
  to superimpose our messages upon your television sets, even
  when they are not switched on. However, once we are allowed
  to openly meet you the circumstances will change, as we can
  then appear live and operate our own c-annels.
  The extent to which there has been an ongoing cover-up of the
  truth for many, many years, is quite astonishing to us, as
  your Gov- rnments have spent enormous amounts of money in
  supporting the organizations that are being used for this
  purpose. Even now it continues with SETI who search the
  Universe for signs of intelligent life, yet your Gove-nment has
  had a continuous dialogue with the extraterrestrials you
  know as the Grays. It has been going on for some 70 years,
  and on a regular basis. Even we of the Galactic Federation
  of Light have had contact with your leaders, and our offers
  to bring peace to the world were refused. That did not
  surprise us, because the agenda of the dark Ones was to
  take over the world and e-slave the people. Their plans
  were well advanced and within sight of success, until you
  suddenly responded to the Light and began to understand
  the truth.


20120604-9_11 Was Rigged.-1311.html[12/03/2022 10:32:57]
9/11 Was Rigged.

  In the past you have looked to us to save you, but that was
  not permissible as with freewill choice you created the
  circumstances that developed and trapped you. It relates
  to the Law of Attraction, and when the vibrations reached
  a very low point it allowed extraterrestrials Beings of a
  similar vibration to contact the Earth. That was when
  agreements were made to allow them bases on your world,
  in exchange for advanced technological information.
  It was of course used for ulterior purposes, and mainly
  we-pons of destruction. Very little of it has been passed
  on to you considering how the great advancements would
  have benefitted your lives. That suited the dark Ones plans,
  as they knew that people who have a lack of the
  necessities to live a normal life are reliant upon them for
  their existence.
  The most abominable aspect of the plans of the dark Ones,
  was their intent to keep you in a state of w-r even if it
  meant starting them by false means. They have the guilt
  hanging over them for the d-aths of millions upon millions
  of s-uls. We know some of you cannot understand why
  in such circumstances we did not intervene, but we are not
  allowed to interfere with a civilizations ev-lution. The
  only exception is where we are given d-vine authority to
  do so, as happened more recently when it was decreed
  that no more wa-s would be allowed. We will add that it
  also includes off world wa-s, and a long time ago your big
  powers were told in no uncertain terms that nu-lear
  wea-ons would not be allowed to be taken into Space.
  Even so they ignored our warning, and suffered the
  consequences when their craft were destroyed or
  removed.
  Dear Ones, if you really knew the truth about the dark
  operations that have been carried out, you would be so
  shocked and upset. People that you have looked up to have
  often been behind such happenings, and have wielded such
  power that those who are honest and good willed have not
  dared come out with the truth, for f-ar of their lives and
  often their families. However, we are pleased to note
  that in very recent times more people than ever are
  prepared to openly come out with the truth. It is revealing
  the covert operations of the I-luminati, that are mainly
  directed and supported by the powerful ba-king families.
  Fortunately, the same whistleblowers are able to inform
  you of how those who work for the Light are putting the
  pressure on the dark Ones, to the point that many of
  them are marked for arrest and will answer for their
  crimes.
  What we have revealed has not exactly been kept se-ret,
  and if you know where to look you can find much more
  information on your Internet. One of the most atrocious
  acts of the Il-uminati was 9/11 and since it occurred it
  has been privately investigated by many professional
  bodies, and reams of information is there on your
  Internet. Your mind will not perhaps allow you to believe
  that the whole attack was a false flag operation, and
  that it was rigged even to the extent that the enquiry
  into it was also set up to support the Ill-minati version
  of events. There are others and 7 /7 in England was
  a similar scenario, with people being set up to falsely
  take the blame.
  However, all responsible and inv-lved are known and
  will stand trial for their crimes.
  I am SaLuSa from Sirius, and assure you that peaceful
  times lay ahead.
  Thank you SaLuSa.
  Mike Qu-nsey.
  ...................
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20120604-9_11 Was Rigged.-1311.html[12/03/2022 10:32:57]
