{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T11:05:17Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33148, "source_ctime_ns": 1790701350568489043, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120401-Hidden-Space-Program.-1186-21993774a8.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790701350557685041, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120401-Hidden-Space-Program.-1186-21993774a8.pdf", "source_sha256": "e158a7372107f96ffac0c955c2c3ea5c7ff5b59b2b520becdf214ca51965ae6c"}

Hidden Space Program.


  Subject: Hidden Space Program.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 01/04/2012, 07:00
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Hidden Space Program.
  Mar. 31, 2012.
       These people say we have had a hidden space program for a long time.
     Today my number one son told me that he met a person who was making a
  f-ee engine. It was over in San Jose, Calif. near Alum Rock Park. I'm aware
  of
  all of the dangers that are connected with building a fr-e energy device.
  ................................................................
  ................................................................
  Behind The Mysterious S-cret Space Program?"
  http://xandrius.net/2012/03/is-a-breakaway-civilization-behind-the-mysterious-secret-space-
  program/#comments
  Published on: 26/03/2012
  It has long been theorized that there exists a se-ret space program,
  enenormously
  complex program to conquer the nearby solar system with manmade spaceships
  that have been hidden from public view perhaps since the late 19th century.
  Timothy
  B-ckley, the editor The C-nspiracy Journal and the Global Communications
  publisher, has recently released a new book called The Sec-et space Program:
  Who Is Responsible? that covers this arcane subject most thoroughly. The
  book is coauthored by Be-kley, Tim R. S-artz, Commander X, and myself, and
  includes the full text of a book I coauthored with Swa-tz ten years ago
  called
  Nikola Tesla, Journey To Mars. But let's look first at the newer material.
  The Secr-t Space Program begins with an interview with Richard D-lan, the
  author
  of UFOs And The National Se-urity State, Volumes I and II. Do-an's
  conservatism
  of approach is well known in the UFO community, and has kept his research
  credible after many years of close scrutiny. He is not a wild-eyed c-ntactee
  or
  fringe believer, but is instead a scholarly historian of the UFO cover-up
  with many
  contacts within the intelligence and milit-ry communities.
  Dol-n told us why he believes the rumored secr-t space program really does
  exist, saying, I think that there are a number of anomalous events we know
  have occurred in Earth orbit and beyond Earth orbit. We've got 40 years of
  events recorded by US and Soviet astronauts of objects in orbit that appear
  to be not our own that seemed to move intelligently. We have the evidence
  of what's known as DSP satellites that's D-fense Support Program satellites.
  These are a series of geosynchronous satellites in Earth orbit that have a
  long record of tracking fast-walkers in space. That is, objects that are
  like
  a space UFO.
  http://xandrius.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/secret-space-mitchell.jpg
  Astronaut Edgar M-tchell and researcher Richard Dola-, who believes
  a "breakaway civilization" may exist.
  According to -olan, there have been nearly 300 such anomalous events
  recorded by the DSP satellites in the years 1973 to 1991.
  It would seem to me very logical, Do-an continued, that just as there
  would be a covert monitoring of the UFO phenomenon within Earth's
  atmosphere and on the ground and so forth, if there are anomalous
  activities going on in space, then clearly you would want an agency to
  monitor that as well, to deal with it.
  And that would necessitate the creation of a very clandestine component
  to the US space program.
  The normally staid Dol-n also allows for the possibility of there being an
  alien and/or human presence on the dark side of the moon that is concealed
  from public view. The information comes from leaks within the mi-itary
  world that, while not airtight, are nonetheless credible.


20120401-Hidden Space Program.-1186.html[12/03/2022 10:31:31]
Hidden Space Program.

  You get the claim quite a few times, Dola- said, of N-SA airbrushing and
  doctoring moon photographs. Again, these are claims, but I look at a
  number of these claims and they strike me as sincere individuals, and,
  frankly, I have no reason to doubt what they're saying. So that makes
  me think there's more funny business going on. They're hiding something
  important about space.
  Even Mars is a possible location for artificial structures of some kind,
  according to D-lan, though he does not lend credence to reports from
  people who claim to have actually been there. Recovered UFO technology
  also fits into the mix.
  It makes perfect sense to me, he explained, when you look at the history
  of apparent UFO crashes and recoveries, and there are a number I think
  there are good cases for, you have to assume that the national secur-ty
  apparatus isn't going to be just sitting on their hands looking at this
  technology forever. Of course they're going to try to study it and obviously
  to replicate it. How could they not?
  So that allows 40 to 50 years, Dola- continued, with a lot of b-ack budget
  money and se-recy, in which a classified reverse-engineering group could
  work.
  And if you've had any success with it, Do-an said, it's not something you
  can share with the world. Yet it would be something that would come in
  very handy for covert missions beyond Earth's orbit, i.e., a secr-t space
  program.
  D-lan also described something he calls a breakaway civilization, or a
  se-ret group with technological knowledge light years beyond the
  everyday world.
  I think this is something that is real, -olan said.
  Now, my theory of it is that it originated in really in post-World W-r II
  society, but there's nothing preventing such a thing from having
  happened earlier. The basic idea of the breakaway civilization is
  simply that you have a se-ret group, a class-fied group of people, with
  access to radically advanced technology, radically advanced science,
  and they just don't share it with the rest of the world. One scientific
  breakthrough leads to another, and that leads to another and so on.
  So the next thing you know, you've got a separate group of humanity
  that is vastly far beyond the rest of the world.
  Which is the basic crux of our book, that a s-cret society consisting
  of scientists of various disciplines have banded together to create
  the means of our traveling to both the moon and Mars and constructing
  artificial buildings, even literal life-supporting bases of operation, for
  whatever purpose.
  According to a source named Steven O-ar, who writes about a -ecret
  alien presence on Mars and a hidden program of diplomatic outreach, a
  Uni-ed Nations diplomat named Farida I-kiovet claimed that, in 1972,
  she investigated UFOs and occupant contacts for the P-esident of
  the General Assembly. Isk-ovet also claimed that she had been
  contacted by a landed spacecraft from the planet Mars.
  The alleged contact was reported in the newspapers The Arizona
  Re-ublic and The San Cle-ente Sun-Post, the latter coming from
  reporter Fred Sw-gles, whose beat was then-P-esident Richard
  N-xon and his staff at the Western W-ite House.
  Frada Iski-vet told Om-r that the alien offered to admit an
  ambassador to their Interplanetary Confederation in this solar
  system in exchange for an alien ambassador to the General
  Assembly of the United Nations. However, the terms of this
  peace arrangement were not acceptable to the Sec-rity
  Council and the exchange was rejected in a sec-et meeting.
  Om-r also talks about a Martian flying disc spacecraft landing in
  the wilderness outside of Moscow, where a secre- meeting
  with Soviet Premiere Nikita K-rushchev was arranged in 1959.
  The conference regarded improving relations with Earth,
  exchanging knowledge, and securing world and interplanetary
  peace, yet the Soviet gov-rnment rejected the terms. The
  report originated from a former Army Int-lligence sergeant
  who investigated UFOs while in the army in the 1950s.
  http://xandrius.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/secret-space-hogland.jpg
  Richard H-agland is a proponent of the idea that NA-A is
  withholding information on a secr-t space program they do
  not want the public to be aware of.
  The astronomer and NAS- watchdog Richard Hoa-land says he
  has photographic evidence that proves the alien presence on
  Mars is very real. The much discussed Face On Mars photograph
  is an image taken from a part of a city built on the Cydonia


20120401-Hidden Space Program.-1186.html[12/03/2022 10:31:31]
Hidden Space Program.

  Planitia consisting of very large pyramids and mounds arranged in a
  precise geometric pattern, which Hoa-land sees as evidence that an
  advanced civilization might once have existed on Mars. He
  believes -ASA is covering up the evidence in the belief that
  publicly acknowledging the artificial construction there would
  destabilize society.
  Hoag-and also believes that there are large, semi-transparent
  structures of glass on the moon's surface, which he says are
  visible in some Apollo photos when the images are digitally
  manipulated. He further claims that N-SA is suppressing
  knowledge of an ancient civilization that once occupied the
  moon, and that the civilization left behind some of its
  technology, still visible on the moon's surface.
  An especially dark corner of the rumors of the s-cret space
  program is the belief that the Nazis created viable flying
  saucer technology toward the end of World W-r II that was
  later discovered and suppressed by the victorious Allies.
  A new movie called Iron Sky will be released in April that uses
  the rumored Nazi space technology as the starting point for
  what is called a science fiction comedy, but to some believers
  in the field it's no laughing matter.
  http://xandrius.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/nazi-saucer2.jpg
  A dramatic look at a Nazi "flying saucer" in the relevant film "Iron
  Sky, in which the SS have set up a se-ret base on the moon in
  1942 and are about to RETURN!
  Our book goes into more detail of course, touching at one point on
  Adolph Hitler's occult beliefs regarding a subterranean ra-e
  that possessed supernatural technology and was intent on one
  day claiming the surface world for its own. (JW I believe you will
  find that the inner Earth people only think good towards us and
  would like to help us in the future.)
  Part 1.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120401-Hidden Space Program.-1186.html[12/03/2022 10:31:31]
