{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T03:20:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31275, "source_ctime_ns": 1790727407044038703, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120406-More-Death-Valley.-61081.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790727407009839783, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120406-More-Death-Valley.-61081.pdf", "source_sha256": "8504b18ae70ae1bdde52b3c696a24a89ca4f173fa394f177719b61a935ab48b0"}

More Death Valley.


  Subject: More Death Valley.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 06/04/2012, 22:44
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: More Death Valley.
  April 6, 2012.
    We probably should call this Death Valley Part 3 but we'll call it
  More Death Valley.
  ....................................................
  ....................................................
  L-onard says: "More than one...r-ce occupies the Moon - Culture
  traits and technology seen in different parts of the Moon vary
  considerably ... it appears from the body of reliable data that one
  or more of the (non-human) ra-es regards us with disdain and values
  human life cheaply... Rac-s capable of moving between star
  systems... and existing on the Moon must be capable of wiping
  us out at will. It is probably this (understandably) which PANICS
  the m-litary."
  Mr. Le-nard, during one of his interviews with an ex-N-SA employee
  whom he refers to as Dr. Sam Wittcomb (a pseudonym to protect
  his real identity), at which time he showed 'Whittcomb' the ms. for
  his book, learned the following disturbing facts:
  "...And Sam Wittcomb read my manuscript in draft and then sat
  staring into the black night. When he spoke, it was in a hushed
  voice. I'd never heard him like that before. 'They brought scientists
  together from many countries in the Spring of 1975. The meeting
  was in England. They wanted to talk on the quiet about
  "extraterrestrials" and what they're up to. A lot of people at the top
  are scared.' A cold spot formed in the small of my back. Sam turned to
  me.
    'They invited a physicist from Colorado, a man named Joachim
  K-etner, who'd worked on the Moon program and know's what's up
  there. He could tell them about it first hand. About the frenetic
  building and digging going on, the spraying of craters and carving
  up of crater rims and ridges. I don't know exactly what they talked
  about. But you can bet they know it's not Earth-people's Moon
  anymore -- if it ever was. It belongs to THEM.'"
  As we've said, at least one of the -aces on the Moon is human, or
  identical to those of us on earth. If this is so, then we might ask
  ourselves "where on earth did these people come from, and how
  did they get to the moon before 'we' did?" It is certainly a
  reasonable question.
  There exist several corroborative accounts taken from ancient
  Hindu scripts (again, as Ripley would say "believe it or not"),
  which we will quote shortly, stating that the ancient GREEKS
  had actually developed flying ships thousands of years ago. Is
  it possible that the Hav-musuvs (which as we've said, may have
  been a neo-Grecian r-ce because of their dress and their marble-
  like cities) would have taken the next logical step after developing
  aerial travel: that is, attempt to land one or more of their kind
  on the Moon...eventually upon Mars... and possibly even later upon
  planets in a nearby star system?
  The U-ited States has made incredible advances in this area in
  a period of less than 100 years, thanks to the phenomena known
  as the technological curve (i.e. that a synchronous effort on
  the part of many contributing factors eventually leads to a
  multiplying explosion in technology). If A-erica landed a man
  on the moon only 70 years after the Wright Brothers opened
  the skies to aerial travel, then can we expect anything less
  from the Hav-musuvs or others like them? For instance technology
  in our society is becoming thousands of times more sophisticated
  every year. Is it possible that the ancient Greeks or a similar
  ancient society had a 'technology explosion' thousands of years ago?
  If so, then it may have been possible for them to establish bases
  or colonies on the Moon, Mars, and perhaps beyond! We might
  add that there are some who even claim that the s-cret of
  "hyper- space" travel was inadvertently discovered only 40 years
  after the Wright Brothers successfully tested their aircraft at
  Kitty Hawk - during a super-se-ret Navy experiment called the
  Rainbow Project which was carried out at the Philadelphia
  N-val harbor in 1943.


20120406-More Death Valley.-61081.html[12/03/2022 10:31:33]
More Death Valley.

  If 'we' can go from the horse-and-buggy to landing men on the
  moon in LESS that 100 years (or from the horse-and-buggy to
  "hyperspace" travel in only 40 years!?) then how much
  exploration and colonization of other planetary bodies might
  have taken place by a ra-e who three or four THOUSAND years
  ago possessed aerial craft and technologies equal to or greater
  than our own?
  One 'c-ntactee', incidentally, has stated that a large 'space port'
  does in fact exist in a network of caverns deep below present-day
  Death Valley.
  In reference to this we will quote from a 'synopsis' of the
  experiences of Brazilian 'co-tactee' Jefferson S-uza, as it
  appeared in a catalog put out by the UFO LIBRARY (11684
  Ventura Blvd. #708., Studio City, CA 91604).
  Many of the individuals referred to in this catalog, which offers
  taped interviews or lectures describing their encounters, are
  either 'con-actees' who have had friendly encounters with
  the so-called 'Nordic' or human-like beings who pilot many of
  the 'alien' craft; or who have been 'abducted' by the more
  manipulating and predatory 'Gray' or 'saurian' entities. Quoting
  from their description of Mr. Sou-a's experiences:
  "Reaction to the first sighting of a UFO is unpredictable. Jeff Souz-
  had his first contact in 1979 when he was only 13. The memory of it
  was tucked away in the recesses of his mind. Twenty alien
  contacts during the next 10 years never fully restored the image.
  But those years were filled with excitement that would result in
  one of the most inspirational stories of alien contact ever recorded.
  "The young Brazilian was possessed of intelligence and intuition. He
  studied and managed to complete one semester of medical school
  before giving up his formal education.
  "In contact with two -aces of extraterrestrials, Jeff has met them in
  Brazil, Argentina and the Un-ted States. But where they occurred is
  unimportant when compared to the depth and cope of what he learned.
  "The gentle VEGANS and the business-like UMMITES taught Sou-a
  more than he could ever imagine about technology and life on all
  planets. He was transported aboard a spaceship by LIGHT (anti-gravity
  rays? - Branton) and taken to other planets and (other) parts of the
  world. On one such trip he suffered an unusual reaction - all his
  hair fell out. His watch broke at every contact.
  "Jeff S-uza has been questioned by experts in the field of alien
  contact.
  He has been clinically regressed through hypnotism to the time of
  his first contact but the answers came only in Portuguese. At that
  age, Jeff could not speak English.
  "The details he has learned are awe inspiring. Answers to
  questions about time, space, matter, energy, life and s-irituality
  easily rolled from his tongue. All prompted by the alien
  contacts of his past and present.
  "His interview and the recorded details of his many physical
  contacts PROVIDE HITHERTO UNKNOWN INFORMATION
  ABOUT SEVERAL ALIEN RA-ES INCLUDING THE MYSTERIOUS
  AND THREATENING GRAYS. FROM JEFF SO-ZA WE LEARN
  ABOUT THE SEVEN RAC-S (possibly humanoid and/or saurian -
  Branton), THE ALIEN NAME FOR EARTH, A SUBTERRANEAN
  SPACE STATION IN DEATH VALLEY AND IF A-DS MIGHT BE
  C-RED BY ALIENS.
  "There is a final precaution from his contacts - we must all
  learn the lessons given to Jeff Souza because we are destroying
  our planet and if we don't change, not even the friendly
  aliens will be able to save us."
  We see here then a definite connection between the subterranea
  of the Death Valley region, which is reportedly inhabited by the
  neo-Grecian (?) Hav-musuvs and the human societies in 'Vega' and
  'Ummo', which as we shall see later on, according to other
  co-tactees, are "Federated" with other human colonies or
  civilizations in Tau Ceti, Epsilon Eridani, Alpha Centauri, the
  Pleiades and elsewhere.
  Although Jefferson So-za claims to have encountered the
  Ummo People in landed craft, the Vegans are the ones who
  allowed him to travel on their craft most often. It was also
  the Vegans who showed him the MASSIVE basing complex
  below Death Valley, which contained chambers miles in


20120406-More Death Valley.-61081.html[12/03/2022 10:31:33]
More Death Valley.

  diameter and numerous compartmentalized sectors which
  had been adapted to meet the gravitational, atmospheric
  and environmental needs of the various Federation world
  representatives who use the base as a way-station for their
  operations on earth. Apparently the Hav-musuvs have been
  VERY BUSY for the last few thousand years, if we are to
  believe S-uza's account.
  In addition to the above, So-za learned of two other alien
  species that are in conflict to some extent with the
  humanoids with whom he maintained contact.
  One of these includes an "Insectoid" type ra-e, while the
  other is reptilian.
  The latter consists of a tall, very reptilian-saurian appearing
  "m-ster" ra-e to which the shorter reptilian "Grays" are
  subservient. There are at least three types of "Grays",
  according to -ouza: those that reproduce via egg-hatcheries,
  those that reproduce via cloning, and those that reproduce via
  polyembryony.
  One might ask: if some of our ancient ancestors were so
  intelligent that they could develop aerial craft, then where
  is all the evidence? The evidence is there, but has been
  largely ignored by orthodox scientists who cannot fit the
  existence of advanced prehistoric civilizations into their own
  theoretical framework. For instance: Ancient sophisticated
  artifacts discovered imbedded in SOLID ROCK (including
  ancient 'spark plugs', metal cubes, gold chains, metal vases,
  nails, screws, and even electric batteries such as those
  described in Rene N-orbergen's 'SE-RETS OF THE LOST
  RA-ES' - Bobbs-Merril Co., N.Y.), as well as artifacts found
  on the ocean floor, give evidence to the fact that our ancient
  ancestors were FAR more intelligent in the scientific realm
  than we give them credit for.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120406-More Death Valley.-61081.html[12/03/2022 10:31:33]
