{"created_utc": "2026-10-09T23:54:30Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32297, "source_ctime_ns": 1790720344340008918, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120302-We-May-Get-To-Join-The-Ashtar-Command.-1120-2fe8e9b6da.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790720344335243088, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120302-We-May-Get-To-Join-The-Ashtar-Command.-1120-2fe8e9b6da.pdf", "source_sha256": "533cc43b01ebc54e49fb3e38d6203c44fbf6763aa87313cd8f6e996966a2064e"}

We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command.


  Subject: We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 02/03/2012, 16:56
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command.                                March 2,
  2012.
    This would lead you to think that we might be given the opportnnity to
  leave this Earth and work on Ashtar's Ships.
  ......................................................................
  ......................................................................
  This forwarded C-anneling from Greg G-les is a very clear & powerful
  Ch-nneling, which my own contacts in the Galactic Federation of Light have
  Confirmed of it's very clear and direct focus on what is to very so-n
  occur; of first the mass public arrests, which will then be followed by all
  those other many long awaited events; N-SARA & Disclosure, etc.
  Also the second forwarded e-mail, of these of a few days ago--over 39
  resignations/quitting/removing of these first of many corrupt financial
  and p-litical figures to be forced to step down/leave their positions of
  power, is the beginning of the initial process of their public arrests.
  Perhaps the most telling of who is actually forcing these corrupt
  individuals to face their inevitable punishments, was what the corrupt
  Australian foreign minister (#39 on this list, which is growing longer &
  longer) stated, that he blames his resignation/leaving/quitting on *faceless
  men!* I think it is pretty OBVIOUS who he is actually referring to.
  M-chael
  ------------------------------
  Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2012
  From: rsdesign2@q.com
  Subject: Message from the Ashtar Command 2/22/12 - Greg Gi-es
  Message from the Ashtar Command 2/22/12
  http://the2012scenario.com/2012/02/message-from-the-ashtar-command-22212/waterfall/
  Message from the Ashtar Command cha-neled through Greg Gil-s
  February 22, 2012
  http://www.ascensionearth2012.blogspot.com/2012/02/message-from-ashtar-command-22212.html
  Care is called for at this time as we proceed with the many plans to free
  your world from your oppressors. The speed at which these events proceed is
  not important at this time, although we do strive to maintain forward
  momentum as we push ahead with the many scheduled phases of this, as well
  as other aspects of the overall plan.
  We see we remain on schedule, and we also foresee no delays to this
  operation. Remain ever patient as you will experience the fruition of this
  plan, as we will not permit any obstacles to stand in our way.
  Many of you are waiting to see action, and it is action you shall see. By
  now many of you know what is asked of you, but these tasks do bear
  repeating. Please look after your fellow human family members as many may
  experience fear and confusion upon seeing so many po-itical and financial
  figures taken into custody simultaneously and also in rapid succession. The
  arrests will climb high into your pol-tical arenas, and it is here where we
  foresee the bulk of those who fear suffering a greater emotional toll.
  No one and no office within your world gover-ments are off-limits, and
  legal indictments have already been prepared against some of your most
  powerful politi-al figures. They will be taken into custody just as anyone
  who commits a crime against another has in your legal systems, and they
  will enjoy no luxuries due to their alleged stature or wealth.
  They will be removed from their offices and positions within your
  gover-ments and financial systems and will be arraigned in a court of law
  at which time the charges against them will be made known to them and to
  the public as well. You are the victims in these cases, and therefore you
  will be kept abreast each and every step of the way throughout these


20120302-We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command.-1120.html[12/03/2022 10:31:18]
We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command.

  prosecutions.
  We ask you to assist to spread the news of these pending arrests as to
  strengthen the impact of what they will mean to the people of your world.
  It is not overestimating these connected events when declaring humanity
  will finally be free from the tyrannical rule of those who have oppressed
  you for so very long.
  We see this day as your true Independence Day, and we see this day
  replacing in stature many of your current holidays which may have little to
  do with important matters of your world. This day will be remembered and
  celebrated by all throughout your world no matter one's nationality or
  rel-gious background, making this a truly global holiday celebration.
  Many of you are impatient at this time awaiting action, and we say to you
  action is what you will see. You will not be let down in this regard, as
  nothing can or will delay these proceedings any longer. We see a date when
  you can begin to witness these events for yourself, and on this day this is
  what you will see. Get ready, as this day is not far off.
  What then? many of you are asking. Upon these arrests we, along with
  our allies, will begin the next phase of the overall operation which is to
  make
  our presence known to all of your planet who will not turn a blind eye to
  us.
  We have a very meticulous plan that we see successfully reaching its
  desired outcome, and upon our readings that a suitable number of you
  understand who we are and why we are here, we will immediately proceed with
  the next phase of the operation which is the landings of many of our ships
  and personnel that will interface with you, the people of Earth.
  These introductions are necessary as many projects must get underway and it
  is you that will be undertaking them, with our assistance. These projects
  must be completed according to a restrictive time schedule, so as you can
  see we must begin these series of events as soon as is possible.
  Remain vigilant, for these arrests will be the catalyst for the many events
  to quickly follow. There will not be long delays between each successive
  project, as once the Ca-al is obliterated there will never be a reason for
  us to slow our progress in any way. You will witness a meticulously laid
  plan unfolding with precision each day throughout the rest of this year
  leading up to your ascension, and it is your ascension that necessitates
  the undertaking of many of these projects.
  Many of you will be taking a hands-on approach to many of these projects,
  and we look forward to working with you in the near days ahead. There is
  much to do and as we said little time to do it, so prepare yourselves for
  your new careers with us, the Ashtar Command. We have been journeying
  throughout this universe on missions of peace and liberation for many eons,
  and through our travels and work we have enlisted many beings from
  throughout the cosmos who share our passion to assist worlds in their times
  of need.
  Not all of our crewmembers and officers are of the humanlike species, and
  many of you will so-n be meeting many different beings from many different
  star systems. Some of these beings will appear quite different to you and
  even sometimes what you have least imagined. We say to you that all the
  members of the Ashtar Command are ascended beings, which is only
  accomplished through love and s-iritual understanding.
  There is never a reason for you to be fearful or concerned with your safety
  when interacting with any of these beings, and you will find that many
  different beings interact not only professionally, but socially as well,
  and many close friends have been made throughout our command.
  We look forward to enlisting humans from your planet to join us as new
  recruits ready to begin your new careers that many of you may find quite
  satisfying in so many different areas. We also look forward to welcoming
  back some of our crewmembers who have i-carnated into the physical
  to carry out their duties as our agents in the field.
  Your positions and stations await your return, and your careers will pick
  up just where they left off no matter how long it is that you have been
  gone.
  The Ashtar Command plans to see humanity's ascension through, and remain
  here with you for a time afterwards ensuring the safety and well-being of
  the newly ascended human. Upon the decision that our work here is done we
  will move on as there are many other worlds that can benefit from our
  assistance.


20120302-We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command.-1120.html[12/03/2022 10:31:18]
We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command.

  We will never be far from you, and possess the means to travel back to
  these universal coordinates in quick time. Many of you who will become
  members of our team will continue to call this planet your home and you
  will have the opportunity to travel back here for visits and rest and
  relaxation.
  You will also have the ability to visit many other planets throughout this
  universe with your fellow crewmembers, and we feel you may enjoy these
  trips very much as well. There exists such a blessing a variety throughout
  this universe and there is something for everyone no matter what your
  particular tastes may be. There are sandy beaches and snowy mountains and
  everything in between. There are scarcely populated locales as well as
  bustling communities if this better suits your liking. Your adventure will
  only be beginning once we make contact with you as a new life and a new
  career awaits you.
  This moment is just up ahead as events are moments away from unfolding in
  blissful excitement. Your buildup of anticipation has been long, and this
  also suits a very important purpose. All has been for a reason, and we see
  many of you understand this clearly. Your experience every step of the way
  has been carefully designed and implemented, and this is just as true for
  these last years and months as it ever was. As a matter of fact, your
  recent history has been more meticulously orchestrated than any other time
  in your history. Nothing has been left to chance, and nothing about your
  experience has been overlooked.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20120302-We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command.-1120.html[12/03/2022 10:31:18]
