{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:02:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29890, "source_ctime_ns": 1790671653151592968, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120519-Is-This-World-In-Need-Of-Repair_-1281-082c2be45b.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790671653113355916, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120519-Is-This-World-In-Need-Of-Repair_-1281-082c2be45b.pdf", "source_sha256": "d8fd79a2a1fde49bebd78e949d67c2be37e220834239294b4b335fa5901ced07"}

Is This World In Need Of Repair?


  Subject: Is This World In Need Of Repair?
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 19/05/2012, 15:42
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Is This World In Need Of Repair?
  May 19, 2012.
    Here are some space people who think this World of ours is need of
  repair.
  .................................................................
  .................................................................
  Ja-is
  Some of this universe is in a state of disrepair and collapse and will not
  withstand even another traverse around the cosmos. This is where we
  come in, the A-htar Command. We identify these problems and weak
  links in the chain that is this ever connected and grand universe, and
  we utilize our gifts to assist these worlds rebuild themselves and repair
  the damage that has been done to them. Your planet is one of these
  planets that is in a state of great disrepair, and this state must be
  rectified if your people wish to call her home for another lap around
  this universe.
  Each people of this universe are given a planet in which they can
  call their home. It is up to each people to care for and to nurture their
  home, to keep it clean, to keep it safe, to keep it operating and
  functioning the way it was designed and the way it was created to
  take care of and nurture its people. This is a very delicate give and
  take, where one cannot take too much from the other if a
  harmonious balance is to be maintained. Here in your world at this
  period in your history one is taking too much from the other, and if
  this imbalance is not corrected your planet will no longer be able to
  maintain her orbit around her galaxy. This is the way this universe
  has been designed, and it was designed in such a way as to teach
  the inhabitants of a planet how to safely and properly preserve
  their mother planet, as well as the consequences when they
  choose to allow her to fall into decay from neglect and abuse.
  Here in your world today you have a serious problem. There are
  those of your people who are currently in power, and have been
  for quite some time, who care not for one moment about your
  mother planet or about you. They care only for themselves and
  their greedy desires for more fabulous wealth and their agenda
  for absolute power. These individuals must be removed from
  their seats of power and administration to allow to take their
  place those who do have the best interest of your mother planet
  in mind and will do all that they can to see her thrive and see her
  repaired to a state of ecological balance.
  We are here to assist those of your world who are qualified
  and who have earned the right to take the reins of leadership
  here in your world. We are here in offers of our assistance to
  remove the soon-to-be former powerbrokers of your world, and
  we do this by decree of the glorious power that created you
  and created us as well. We are not here by our own decree
  and on our own accord, but are here in service to our Creator
  and in service to you, our brothers and sisters of the human
  family and to your planet, a living, breathing, conscious being
  who we call Gaia.
  Whether you agree or not collectively to accept our assistance
  and right your ship that is listing badly and taking on great
  amounts of water is a matter for you to decide for yourselves
  as we cannot push you to accept our help. The consequences
  of your choice not to accept our assistance would see to the
  deterioration of your magnetic and tectonic structures around
  and within your earth. We have the knowledge, the experience
  and the tools to get the job done to reinstate your planet to
  her original pristine condition. We have the ability to remove
  those of your d-rk c-bal who are until this very day set on the
  destruction of your world and the e-slavement of your entire
  human r-ce.


20120519-Is This World In Need Of Repair_-1281.html[12/03/2022 10:32:51]
Is This World In Need Of Repair?

  If more of you, our brothers and sisters, could see this and
  understand this, many obstacles would be removed from our
  path to assist you in so many vital ways. This is where you
  come in. You may refer to yourself as a Lightworker or you
  may not, as this is not important, but what is important is
  that you recognize and understand how you can assist your
  planet and your people in this, their time of need. It is upon
  you to do whatever it is you have to do and that you can do
  to share the knowledge that you have been enriched with
  about the ca-al, what they are doing to your planet and what
  they plan to do with you. The more of your people who
  understand this, then the more we can openly assist you and
  the sooner we can, together with you, begin to tackle these
  mounting problems one by one, day by day.
  This is the point that we stand before today. We stand
  at the ready, prepared to begin working with you on the
  many projects that are vital to the healthy survival of
  your world and your planet. Each and every day we do
  see gains in the amount of individuals who begin to learn
  of the existence and the detrimental impact of your ruling
  class we refer to as the cab-l and of our presence here in
  your world and why we are here. We wish more of you can
  learn of these facts on a daily basis, and we look to increase
  this productivity. The tools necessary to complete this job
  satisfactorily have been furnished to you. One of your
  greatest tools sits before you at this very moment, as it was
  designed and seeded into your world to allow great numbers
  to connect and almost instantly share information.
  We say to you to utilize this gift for you to its greatest
  potential, as it is perhaps your greatest ally at this time
  where allies are what you need more than anything else. We
  are your allies, and we can be utilized to your greatest
  potential as well, and we again advise you to utilize the tools
  that sit before you at this very moment to help open the door
  for the gifts that we bring you to help bring down this
  criminal caba- and their dastardly agenda and help you help
  yourselves restore your mother planet to her beautiful and
  undamaged state, which will once again allow her and your
  people to prosper and to thrive and to continue together
  your journey around your galaxy and your universe.
  Laying the groundwork for such an historical meeting
  between beings from different worlds is a great task which
  presents many great challenges. We clearly understood
  how great a challenge this would be here on this planet,
  and so we enlisted the assistance of many qualified and
  talented beings from throughout the cosmos to i-carnate
  here, to become one with the people of this world and to
  one day awaken and respond to their mission to bring to
  this world a new way of being. We say to you today that we
  proudly see so many of our Lightworkers, our Starseeds,
  responding to their call of duty, and we wish to see so many
  more of you awaken to your true identity and your purpose
  for being here at this period in time. We ask those of you
  who have awakened to this divine purpose to do whatever
  it is you have to do to awaken your brothers and sisters
  who are also here, but are yet in a deep slumber.
  Many more Lightworkers have journeyed here than was needed
  for this project, to allow us to be absolutely certain enough
  would awaken and respond to their call to accomplish each
  task that needs to be done. There are so many more of you
  than have so far responded to their call, and we see it as
  important that many more awaken. Again, you have the tools
  at your disposal that have been provided by intelligences far
  more advanced than here in your world, no matter who
  currently gets the credit for these. Recognition is not important
  to us in the least. What is of importance is the safety and
  well-being of your host planet and you, our dearly loved brothers
  and sisters of our universe.
  We wish to see at this time each and every one of you that has
  awakened and that understands the importance of your roles
  here in this world to utilize the gifts provided you and begin to
  gently awaken as many as you can to their higher purpose and
  the important matters that need to be dealt with here in your
  world. Once sufficient numbers are reached we will go ahead
  with the stages of operation that will bring to your world the
  great changes that are necessary and will allow your planet and


20120519-Is This World In Need Of Repair_-1281.html[12/03/2022 10:32:51]
Is This World In Need Of Repair?

  your people to thrive beyond anything that has been imagined
  by any of you. Let us together begin and you will reap the
  rewards that you have earned and that are provided to you by
  our Creator. This is our promise to you, our brothers and sisters
  of the human family.
  We are you Family of Light from the stars.
  As c-anneled through Greg G-les
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120519-Is This World In Need Of Repair_-1281.html[12/03/2022 10:32:51]
