{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T14:05:13Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29960, "source_ctime_ns": 1790687875699991544, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120503-People-Who-Were-Sent-To-Meet-Me.-1249.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790687875690220699, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120503-People-Who-Were-Sent-To-Meet-Me.-1249.pdf", "source_sha256": "89dbf487978d4216970d3d1cc335ff50fb33e2dc0ed23fc90bc65ad23521cbfb"}

People Who Were Sent To Meet Me.


  Subject: People Who Were Sent To Meet Me.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 03/05/2012, 19:00
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject:       People Who Are Sent To Meet Me.                           April 3,
  2012.
    It seems that when I sit down to wait on a person to come pick me up,
  people come near me and want information. Yesterday I was sitting in
  front of a grocery store and man set down by me and asked if I knew
  what time it was. I looked at my fancy gold colored SECO watch and
  told him what time it was. Next a nice looking middle aged lady came
  up and asked what my name was. I told her it was John Winston and
  the conversation got around to the subject of me being on the
  internet and I had been posting to about 100 people on my personal
  mailing list, 23 news groups like alt.fan.rush-limbaugh which has more
  than 4 milion messages on it and also some more groups.
    She then asked me what I talk about and I told her, ESP, UFOs and
  Bigfoot. I also told her that I had been asked and had volunteered
  to be the ambassador of the space people to this world. The man next
  to me then took over the conversation and told her all about the
  Uranita book. I then told them both that we study the Uranita book
  at Ralph Squire's home. I asked the man if he knew Ralph Squire and
  he said he didn't.
    My friend then honked our car horn and I said I had to leave.
    This same thing happens to me quite often.
    Here is some information as to what the space people are doing
  now.
  ...................................................
  ...................................................
  J-nis
      Posted by: "Jill l-wrence" jillleox2@gmail.com
       Date: Mon Apr 30, 2012=20
   Posted by *benjamin
  http://benjaminfulford.net/author/benjamin/
  May 1, 2012
  The prevailing theme these days seems to be chaos in the West but what
  we are really witnessing is the controlled implosion of the criminal c-bal
  that took over the Western financial system and nearly destroyed Western
  civilization. Among the events associated with this collapse were: a
  fake missile launch in North Korea, the ongoing cover-up of a botched
  as-assination attempt against O-ama, multiple liens being placed on
  ca-al-controlled central b-nks, a tri-ateral commission meeting in
  Tokyo, unprecedented mi-itary maneuvers and more.
  We are entering a very dangerous period as the cornered cab-lists are
  certainly planning a massive new te-rorist attack (possible tagets :
  Tokyo, Rome, London) in an attempt to stay in power. Mili-ary, p-lice
  and other action against caba- power centers is also picking up pace.
  One sure sign of change for those still clinging to the old power
  paradigms is the joint mi-itary maneuvers linking the Chinese, Russian
  and US a-med forces. On the one side rogue pentagon forces working
  for the ca-alists trying to steal Asian gold stashes were confronted by
  joint Chinese and Russian forces. On a different front, a joint US and
  Russian force is preparing to storm the N-zi ca-al base under Denver
  Airport. These mi-itary maneuvers make it clear, if nothing else, that
  it is now better to think of geopolitics in terms of transnational factions
  than it is to think in terms of nation states.
  The split between the Ob-ma faction and S-bbatean g-ngster faction is
  one such example. The m-rder attempt against Oba-a in Columbia by
  members of his own se-ret service early in April is a good example.
  The corporate pr-paganda press is only reporting this as a pros-itution
  scandal. However, both M-6 and C-A sources say the mu-der attempt
  against Oba-a was a hit ordered by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
  N-tanyahu and top North American M-ssad agent Rahm E-anuel.


20120503-People Who Were Sent To Meet Me.-1249.html[12/03/2022 10:32:44]
People Who Were Sent To Meet Me.

  Obam- is not publicly naming them because if he did so, stories about
  the mur-er of his l-vers in Chicago and other -bama s-crets would
  start appearing in Sa-batean ga-gster pr-paganda outlets like the J-w
  York Times.
  The Sab-ateans, for their part, are putting out stories on internet chat
  boards claiming the whole assas-ination attempt was planned by
  amateur rogue agents.
  In any case, Ne-anyahu and his mess-anic faction is now finally being
  renounced by mainstream Je-s and Isr-elis. The most public sign of this
  was former Isr-eli Internal S-curity Chief Yuval Di-kin denouncing
  Net-nyahu and his colleagues as incompetents with a me-sianic
  complex. Unlike other such comments, this was widely quoted in
  the corporate pr-paganda media.
  It seems the real -ews are finally taking action against the fanatical
  messi-nic gan-sters who have been terro-izing them.
  US protest movements like Oc-upy Wall Street are also gearing up for
  what is expected to be a summer of discontent. The organizers have
  been waiting for warm weather and that weather has arrived.
  Meanwhile, although there is still talk of mass arrests taking place to
  clean out the corruption and gan-sterism that has taken over the
  Was-ington D.C. po-itical process, it still has not happened. A growing
  number of people both within and without the mi-itary and agencies
  are growing impatient with the delay. However, the word from the
  penta-on is that it will not move until all the i;s are dotted and t's
  crossed in the new fina-cial system.
  In Europe, meanwhile, signs of collapse are visible for all to see. The
  crisis in Spain, imminent regime change in Holland and France, arrests
  all over Europe and the implosion of the big b-nks are there for all to
  see either in the corporate media or on the internet.
  In relation to this, the W-i the Dragon Society was asked to relay the
  following message: A US agency cleaner, by the name of L-ftie, has
  been sent to Italy to remove scum. Presumably this refers to the
  hyg-enic risk posed by clumps of bacteria to be found in Italian
  public facilities.
  In Asia, meanwhile, a lot continues under the surface. The cab-l
  sub-committee known as the Tr-lateral Commission met last week
  in Tokyo.
  The public discussions were fairly low-key but there was a lot of talk
  about the value of underwater resources in the South China Sea. This
  was accompanied by p-ntagon and allied mi-itary maneuvers around
  China and provocative statements by various ca-al assets about tiny
  territorial disputes with China.
  This saber rattling was accompanied by a farcical show in North Korea.
  Hundreds of c-bal luminaries and other international guests were invited
  to North Korea for the 100-year anniversary of Kim Il Sung. As one of the
  highlights of the festivities, the guests were all taken to see the
  provocative rocket North Korea was about to launch. However, at
  the time of the so-called launch, no foreign guests were present and
  the entire launch area was covered in fog. According to Japanese
  mi-itary intelligence no foreign gov-rnment agency was able to get any
  images whatsoever of the failed launch. The best guess is that the entire
  thing was a giant publicity stunt.
  Presumably the upcoming nuc-ear test, is also some sort of negotiation
  and publicity ploy by ca-al forces desperate to stir up trouble in the
  Far East. They will get nowhere.
  Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko N-da is also in Washington this
  week where he is expected to get the cold shoulder. He will be
  asking for access to the vast sums of money located inside Ba-k of
  Japan computers but Ob-ma and other Washington lackeys are not
  in a position to hand it over. If they could, you can be sure they would
  use it themselves.
  Instead, a lien has been placed on the Ba-k of Japan claiming this
  institution has been engaged in ille-al and fraudulent money creation
  since 1968. Depending on its response to the lien the BOJ may be
  impounded by poli-e acting on orders from In-erpol.
  The best guess for fundamental regime change in Japan and the West is
  that the month of May will be characterized mainly by the continuing
  collapse of the old world order. There is plenty of talk about big events


20120503-People Who Were Sent To Meet Me.-1249.html[12/03/2022 10:32:44]
People Who Were Sent To Meet Me.

  in June linked to the liberation of the West and Japan.
  The Wh-te Dragon Society, for its part, has begun a systematic campaign
  on multiple levels to overthrow the -abal. There will not be much to see at
  first but just wait.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120503-People Who Were Sent To Meet Me.-1249.html[12/03/2022 10:32:44]
