{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T13:44:43Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29658, "source_ctime_ns": 1790741871989294730, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120526-Undersea-Hotel.-1294-3f4010e540.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790741871649962798, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120526-Undersea-Hotel.-1294-3f4010e540.pdf", "source_sha256": "a770daaefc1861196e53ec3adece6a1eb9e6901e3a1d9afa4ba064edf88241f3"}

Undersea Hotel.


  Subject: Undersea Hotel.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 26/05/2012, 22:37
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Undersea Hotel.
  May 26, 2012
     Here is what the space people say about a underwater hotel.
  .............................................................
  .............................................................
  Ascension Earth 2012
  Pretty interesting report
  J-nis
  From: Ascension Earth 2012
  Sent: Saturday, May 26, 2012
  -------------------------------------
           Message from the Galactic Federation of Light 5/25/12
           Posted: 25 May 2012
           The Mystery of the Bermudian/Atlantean Hotel
        Our mystery begins deep below the coral bedrock of the area of your
  world known as the Bermuda Triangle, beneath the crystal clear waves
  where a deep underground, sprawling hotel has been created by those
  of your world who have taken their money that they spend on such
  luxuries from your pockets. This hotel that has been a s-cret up until
  now is 50 stories in height and it is 30 stories in breadth. It is massive
  as far as hotels are concerned in your world. It was designed and it was
  built by those of your world with great minds and quite expanded vision.
  This hotel, a playground for the rich, the famous and the successful
  was built from taxpayer money and se-ret b-ack projects that have
  embedded great amounts of wealth within the pockets of those who
  today garner the title of world controllers and operators.
        They do not have an open door policy or a welcome mat in front
  of their sunken entrance way. Instead, only those whom they consider
  clients are permitted to grace this spectacular hotels hallways,
  dining areas, tennis courts, beautiful gardens and luxurious staterooms.
  All other trespassers are taken into custody and their silence is
  promised through intimidation, i-carceration, and even through the
  last resort of d-ath.
        We tell you this today at the risk of stretched credibility for our
  c-annel, because we want you to know that there are many great
  sec-ets that have been kept from you and there are many great
  secr-ts that will now be revealed to you. What we are attempting
  to accomplish is the expansion of your consciousness to better
  avail you to new information, concepts and ideas that today so
  many of you limit yourself to being beyond the veil of possibility.
  There is really no limit to what is possible, and there has been
  virtually no limit to what is possible here in your world for many
  eons of time.
        What has been going on here is a masquerade. A charade where
  the wool has been pulled over the eyes of the unsuspecting and
  the naevely trusting, to blanket you in a reality that is based on
  antiquated vision and scope for your systems, your processes,
  your architecture, your sciences, your communications, your
  transportation, your health, your diets and exercise, your
  literature, film, music, arts, the games that you play to
  entertain yourselves and to stay in shape and as youthful as
  you can be. What is in reality possible for you is so far
  beyond what you have come to know as the boundaries of
  your possibilities that the introduction of these concepts to
  you will be very striking and unsettling for many of your world.
        Uprooting a being's reality is not a gentle and unsettling
  process. We, the Galactic Federation of Light, aim to achieve
  the end result of offering advancements to the worlds that


20120526-Undersea Hotel.-1294.html[12/03/2022 10:32:54]
Undersea Hotel.

  we visit, but offer these gifts slowly and carefully when
  introducing and infusing them into the collective consciousness
  of a society. At this period in your history, we wish to introduce
  many gifts to you, but we must be as gentle and as subtle as
  we can in their presentation as to not rock the boat of the
  reality of many of you who have not yet demonstrated their
  talent for receiving and assimilating new ideas very well.
        We monitor your society, but we do not in any way monitor
  the thoughts of any of you who have not first given us your full
  permission and consent for participation in our many studies.
  We wish to be clear about this, as we honor and respect the
  privacy of each and every one of you no matter your position
  in life, even if you are members of our organization when you
  are not incognito, walking within the body of a human being.
  We will only monitor your thought patterns and reactions to
  our stimuli and the stimuli you may or may not receive
  through other catalysts outside our motivating actions. We
  do monitor certain processes of those of you who have met
  with us and have agreed to assist us in our ongoing
  evaluation of the human consciousness levels, their expansion,
  and improvements in the processing of your mental functions
  and capabilities.
        We ask for more volunteers at this time to help us understand
  better the human being at this time of such importance and
  great change. We wish to move ahead on our schedule and begin
  to implement some new concepts and systems into your world.
  We are hesitant to do this, as we wish to make certain that
  there is a strong enough foundation of those of your world who
  can accept these new concepts and fully integrate them into
  your minds and into your way of life and help us further integrate
  these systems into the way of life of others around you who may
  at first be unable to accept these new ideas that we offer as gifts.
  Will you do this for us? Will you allow us to gently read your
  thought patterns as we integrate new ideas into your collective
  consciousness?
        What we do precisely is monitor the thought waves that
  emanate from your mental, emotional and physical systems
  located in your bodies and your temporal area of your brain. We
  read the output of this information as a chart or a graph that
  gives us a clear indication of how readily or unreadily you are
  accepting these new ideas, concepts and information that his
  is being seeded into your collective consciousness through
  our work with ch-nnels and even other means that we seed
  information into your world. If you agree to participate in
  our program we will be very appreciative, and we will
  reciprocate by offering sooner to your people better ways
  to do certain things and to get certain jobs done faster and
  more efficiently than when we will be able to without the
  participation of an adequate number of you in order to
  receive enough data to make qualified decisions based on
  this data.
        This is what we ask of you at this time. Please do not feel
  any pressure to agree to participate, as we are confident will
  we will receive responses from sufficient numbers of you to
  collect the data we feel will lead to the findings we seek. If
  you do not feel comfortable with this process it is very
  understandable to us, and we would not look at this in any way
  negatively towards any of you. This process is a relatively
  small area of our overall operation, but nonetheless, we feel
  important enough to initiate this program. We will be beginning
  the initial phases of this program immediately and if you
  wish to participate simply say I wish to participate in the
  program where my thought patterns are read by qualified
  scientists and researchers of the Galactic Federation of
  Light. This is all it will take, and we can get started
  immediately.
        The means in which we collect this data from your thought
  processes is unobtrusive, and will not harm you in any way,
  shape or form. You are in very safe and capable hands when
  you are working with us, and your health and well-being is of
  paramount importance to all of us throughout every area of
  our organization and operations. We thank those of you willing
  to participate in our program, and we look forward to
  receiving this data from you and implementing the new
  systems that are the goal of this program.


20120526-Undersea Hotel.-1294.html[12/03/2022 10:32:54]
Undersea Hotel.

        Until then, we invite those of you who have agreed to
  participate in this program to continue reading our messages
  sent through our chann-ls and we will remotely read your
  thought processes while you are reading our words and new
  information about certain systems that we feel would be a
  great benefit to your society. We hope to find sufficient numbers
  of you who readily accept these new concepts, and we will
  post for you the data that we collect in the form of charts and
  graphs, but we will not divulge the identities of anyone of
  you that has participated in this program. Again, your safety
  and security is of utmost importance to us, and we as always
  will do everything that we can to protect your privacy.
           We are the Galactic Federation of Light.
           As chann-led through Greg Gil-s
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120526-Undersea Hotel.-1294.html[12/03/2022 10:32:54]
