{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T22:47:43Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31307, "source_ctime_ns": 1790773761080985815, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120616-Latest-From-Sheldan.-1334-579f7aba3e.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790773760985245391, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120616-Latest-From-Sheldan.-1334-579f7aba3e.pdf", "source_sha256": "739ac5789647b9ccdf742c1805744a094e0f1291baa508bc29ff97cd67b5cfb4"}

Latest From Sheldan.


  Subject: Latest From Sheldan.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 16/06/2012, 06:48
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Latest From Sheldan.                                June 15, 2012.
     Here is the latest Update from Sheldan N.
  ...................................................................
  ...................................................................
  Sheldan N-dle
  Update from the Galactic Federation of Light and S-iritual
  H-erarchy This is the time selected by H-aven for a new
  epoch that is to bring in the great Light of S-irit, and bless
  us with a grace that is free from all the slavery and grand
  deceptions of the dark and its arrogant minions. We rejoice
  that this d-vine action is upon us and that a new golden
  a-e has arrived to take all of you forward into full
  consciousness. We can at last openly meet with you again
  and directly pass on to you the s-cred wisdom of the ages.
  ----------
  13 Etznab, 11 Moan, 8 Manik
  ----------
  Dratzo! We return! We are completing the last required
  level of legal diligence.
  Much has been formally filed and our legal teams are busy
  compiling the documents for the last few outstanding
  filings. We are also meeting each day with the future
  caretakers of the temporary go-ernments and finalizing
  the protocols that the many arrest-teams are to follow. The
  various social programs that will be instituted by the
  new caretaker gov-rnments need to be accompanied
  by extensive uploads of detailed files at the time of
  these governm-nts' first announcements. These
  documents have been prepared by our personnel
  and are to be loaded onto Earth-based server systems
  to be available when needed. Our defense forces
  have practiced the ir role in the proceedings and
  we are closely monitoring the ca-al's mi-itary forces
  and are ready to neutralize them when so
  commanded by our liaisons. The final thrust can
  only go forward when Hea-en gives us the go signal.
  We expect this event to happen quite s-ortly.
  The leaders of your sa-red se-ret societies are
  securing the new financial system and preparing
  to notify the new gove-nments to make a public
  announcement regarding universal debt-forgiveness
  and the commodity-backed, hard currency system.
  This aspect is essentially ready to go, and it is only
  a few last-minute items that are delaying this
  project's completion.
  We are paying close attention to the cab-l's
  activities and also the ongoing mischief making
  secr-tly ordered by your major gover-ments. Those
  who have ruled over your realm so arrogantly are
  in a state of panic which mounts by the day. The
  actions ordered by these 'leaders' are intended to
  trigger a chain-reaction that would vastly ratchet
  up the chaos building around the planet. All this
  must be kept at acceptable levels. We have told our
  defense ships not to intervene unless absolutely
  necessary. We are merely to observe and report back
  on what is happening in your world's many trouble
  spots.
  Another facet of this operation is working with the
  groups under the direction of the A-cended M-sters.
  They are keen to begin disseminating the sp-ritual
  truths they have learned over the millennia. They
  are aware that these sac-ed facts run counter to
  a number of your re-igious belief systems and we


20120616-Latest From Sheldan.-1334.html[12/03/2022 10:33:02]
Latest From Sheldan.

  feel they cannot be circulated until after disclosure
  happens.
  We fully intend to help these sac-ed so-ieties
  bring forth this wonderful information as it sets the
  stage for a host of revel-tions that will be announced
  by the Asc-nded Mas-ers. Moreover, it will finally
  allow us, too, to begin a series of educational
  broadcasts on true Earth history. These early
  disc ussions may at first disconcert you; nevertheless,
  they constitute an introduction to a whole lineup
  of talks which will allow you to get a handle on your
  true origins and history. This too is likely to surprise
  you, but in the long run we are confident that the
  truth will bring you joy.
  It will be proof positive that a brand new era is
  upon you!
  These coming changes are what every one of you
  has been longing for deep down. Even the dark
  caba-ists intuitively understand what is to happen.
  It is only their f-ar-laden worldview that has made
  them so apprehensive about this shift. It is quite
  simply a time that has been prophesied through the
  ages by every major reli-ion and tradition on your
  world. It is a golden time that you are about to
  experience, and is the reason for our being here
  now, as we may have mentioned before! The
  logistics of what is being prepared are complex,
  but the essence of the thing is quite simple.
  The old, dark ways of your global so-ieties will
  suddenly disappear and be replaced by something
  sane and healthy. It was hoped to have it all in place
  a decade and a half ago, but the shifting conditions
  on planet Earth demanded a certain flexibility. This
  abrupt redoing of your reality is an essential
  preparatory step which leads to the grand event
  of our mass landings. This will put you on a
  highway to full consciousness. It will bring you to
  Inner Earth and your metamorphosis into fully
  conscious Beings of Light.
  **Blessings, dear Ones! We are your Asce-ded
  Mas-ers!** We come on this day with more good
  news! Our associates are completing the final steps
  toward your global freedom. The implementation
  of a series of mandated arrest of many major
  gov-rnmental and corporate leaders will signal the
  transition of your world from the immoral rule of
  the dark. The new gover-ance and the new global
  economy will break the back of a power structure
  that has dominated your world for nearly 13
  millennia. This is the time selected by Hea-en for
  a new epoch that is to bring in the great Light of
  Spi-it, and bless us with a grace that is free from
  all the slav-ry and grand deceptions of the dark
  and its ar-ogant minions. We rejoice that this
  div-ne action is upon us and that a new golden a-e
  has arrived to take all of you forward into full
  consciousness. We can at last openly meet with
  you again and directly pass on to you the sacr-d
  wisdom of the ages.
  Your move into freedom will be a joyous moment!
  Many events will follow which will bring you the
  prosperity and abundance long prophesied by He-ven.
  Your reality will become a grand schoolroom that
  enables you to learn about your world, physicality,
  and Spi-it. This di-ine knowledge is just the beginning
  of an education that will prepare you for your new life
  as a fully conscious Being. Our sac-ed task is to
  guide you and provide the advice and mentoring to
  allow you to achieve the numerous goals that you
  set yourselves before you were birthed into this
  realm. Your many hea-enly guides are to assist us
  in this task and make it possible for you to live the
  remainder of your life in joy and profound peace.
  When you finally ascend from this life, your
  accomplishments will be many. The world, likewise,
  is to transform and return to her natural 5-D reality.
  Mother Earth is a great Being. Her Sp-rit has enveloped


20120616-Latest From Sheldan.-1334.html[12/03/2022 10:33:02]
Latest From Sheldan.

  and guided us all since birth. We pay homage to her
  beauty and her wisdom. We have walked the great
  sa-red paths of this world and have had the privilege
  to pr-y and meditate at the many power spots on this
  globe. We are in joy at what we have been taught and
  what we have learned through the centuries. Mother
  Earth is a strict teacher. She fully comprehends what
  you require, and uses your immense talents to aid in
  achieving what you need in order to fulfill your glorious
  and sac-ed missions. It is on her surface world and
  in her interior sacr-d cities that we have all learned
  about Spir-t, about righteousness, and about the true
  meaning of courage. In this we are forever grateful
  for the wisdom given us by Mother Earth. Soon these
  great joys will be shared with all of you!
  Today, we continued our messages. We come here with
  a great joy and a deep determination to complete,
  di-inely, what Hea-en has decreed for this most sac-ed
  of orbs. Very so-n, we are to land here and take you on
  the final steps to full consciousness! Know, dear Ones,
  that the countless Supply and never-ending Prosperity
  of Hea-en are indeed Yours! So Be It!
  Selamat Gajun! Selamat Ja! (Sirian for Be One! and Be
  in Joy!)
  For more from [PAO](
  http://www.paoweb.com
  Over the past 100 years, we have witnessed many major
  technological developments. However, technology that
  we really need now has been systematically suppressed
  by the ca-als. In this Webinar, Sheldan will explain the
  technologies that will be made available to us after the
  Announcements and Disclosure.
  Now is the time, as we teeter on the brink of disclosure,
  for PAO to reach out, embrace and inform more people.
  [ALL ABOUT STARSEEDS](
  http://www.paoweb.com/updates.htm
  [Subscribe to our mailing list.](
  http://www.paoweb.com/madmimi.htm
  Planetary Activation Organization | PAO, P.O. Box 4975,
  El Dorado Hills, CA 95762
  .....................
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120616-Latest From Sheldan.-1334.html[12/03/2022 10:33:02]
