{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T01:20:13Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31034, "source_ctime_ns": 1790746804863526843, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120421-Rough-Ride.-Part-2.-61111.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790746804849339730, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120421-Rough-Ride.-Part-2.-61111.pdf", "source_sha256": "e6d27c0cf8fe282f90dc03158b9ac41e1db762ea2a1363dec3b0fa84c45c404c"}

Rough Ride.


  Subject: Rough Ride.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 20/04/2012, 23:50
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Rough Ride.
  April 20, 2012.
     These people think we may be in for a rough ride.
  ................................................................
  ................................................................
  I can't vouch for the validity of this info, but, if true, we're in for one
  h-ll of a ride. Read it, but use your discernment as well.
  Jan-s
  I-LUMINATI C-BAL FLEE BY THE HUNDREDS AS MASS ARRESTS AWAIT
  THEM FROM STATES BECOMING FREE FROM THE FED....
  Note from Russ M-chael - most of this is UPDATE INFO most of us have
  already heard or listened to on the D-ake and David W-lcock (and W-od)
  interviews . . . but is important for each and all of us to know thoroughly
  so we can tell all of our family members, work associates, friends and
  neighbors, or anyone NOT IN THE KNOW exactly what is going on with
  these sudden worldwide mass arrests, and assure everyone there is nothing
  to fear and countless good reasons now to CELEBRATE and to live the
  GOOD LIFE we hunanly embodied to enjoy in this final Golden Age
  on Earth and the mass ASCENSION of all of us who have made or are
  making this spiritual choice! So be it. All is well. Read and share....
  By Red,
  April 18. 2012
  The Ca-al Me-bers and their 6,000 or so minions are now
  quitting their banking positions in the hundreds and soon
  to be thousands, because the individual states filed the
  proper paperwork to become independent of the US
  Corporation (owned by the Federal Reverse Bank, who's
  controlled by the Cabal) which means that the US Military
  must obey what the states want, and not what the cabal
  wants!
  This is HUGE! The military is sick and tired of following
  the orders of the Cabal as they know it's totally wrong
  but they were forced to, because it's the law. They must
  follow what the governing body tells them to do, and that
  governing body has been the United States Corporation
  which is controlled by the Elite Illuminati Gangsters. They
  have put the US Corporation in debt Trillions of Dollars
  through fraudulent actions of passing the losses on it,
  while stealing the profits through companies
  like Goldman Sachs, Bank of America and JP Morgan
  Chase.
  They force the Treasury to borrow money from the Federal
  Reverse Bank (which they own, and is a private corporation
  that reports to NO One)
  and have basically piled all the debts that THEY created (not the
  America people) onto the Treasury which makes the US Corporation
  so far in debt that they are essentially bankrupt.
  They plan to make us sheep pay that debt while they live like kings
  and use us as their slaves.
  Their plans will fail, and are currently failing as I write this
  In this new interview with an insider named Drake, who speaks with
  David Wilcock about what is currently going on behind the scenes, the
  people are but
  HAVE
  now taken action to free the America people from these Illuminati Cabal
  Gangstes. They have filed the proper paperwork to make the various
  states (I don't know how many, but a majority of them has done this)
  independent sovereign nation states.


20120421-Rough Ride. Part 2.-61111.html[12/03/2022 10:32:39]
Rough Ride.

  (to watch on youtube:
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DKjZgsRt8PBc)
  In this 3 hour interview Drake explains how he was listening to a radio show
  where the host was giving bad information on how to argue with a judge in
  court on how to get out of a speeding ticket, not pay your debts, beat the
  IRS, etc Drake knew this information was not correct and could get you
  up to 6 months in jail if done the way that host was telling people to do
  it.
  Drake got frustrated and decided to call into the radio show to correct it.
  He's studied the law for over 2 1/2 years recently about how to get your
  freedom back, which covered a lot more than what this guy was telling
  people.   Drake was introduced to a group of people in 1979 that wanted
  him to read a 5 inch thick stack of documents that would free America from
  the ca-al way back then, so he wasn't new to the idea of using the
  legal law to protect yourself in court.
  It went much deeper than anything this host of this radio show was speaking
  about. In fact (back in 1979) these people even thought of staging a
  mil-tary
  coup against the ruling el-te that was enslaving the America people, but
  decided against it and instead looked to find legal laws that would do the
  same thing.
  Drake talks about how you can declare your own sovereignty, which I'm
  sure got the host of that show to listen more to what Drake had to say as
  he clearly was giving out information that wasn't fully correct. Drake
  speaks on that show of how you can declare your own Nation State
  independent of the US Corporation.   This was all 100% legal and all it
  took was filing the correct paperwork.
  Someone from Pennsylvania was listening to the show taking notes who was
  very knowledgeable in the sovereignty and lawfulness about the law and
  decided to implement what Drake has said. They put together a Procss of
  Notification and sent it off to The International Court of Hague. (This is
  the civil division). It was sent by certified mail to make sure that they
  had proof that it was delivered to them. The Court sent a reply back
  that they received it.
  Stay with me here folks, as it's just getting interesting.
  This meant that it goes into Hague public record and is similar to posting
  a notification in an international newspaper. It's basically stating that
  I'm not responsible for my debts any longer and We are now an
  Independent Sovereign Nation State.
  This freed Pennsylvania from the debts created by the El-te Il-uminati
  Cab-l through the Federal R-serve Bank that was put onto the US corporation.
  When this happened the office of the International Court of Hague gets a
  call from a higher up in the pentagon (the military good guys who are sick
  of this cab-l) who want to know if they can duplicate the paperwork (to be
  used
  to free other states of course). The clerk that answers the call was sure
  but said that it's possible. (This clerk simply works there and had no clue
  what the document really meant I believe, and I'm sure he/she didn't have
  any affiliation with the Illumi-ati Cab-l which meant that he/she would
  be happy to assist the request by the higher up in the pent-gon).
  So, they started to duplicate this paperwork (all this starting in about
  October
  of 2011). And since it was started with someone from Pennsylvania whose
  got the idea from listening to the radio show that Drake called into
  they contacted Drake and asked him if he would help in putting this
  together. Drake was of course extremely happy when he realized that
  someone from Pennsylvania was listening to his call into that radio
  station and that they actually decided to take action and do what
  he was talking about.
  Currently, as of about February the 20th of 2012 there are enough
  states that filed to make America free from the US Corporation!
  He gladly assisted them in helping to put this package together for many
  other states (a majority is all I heard in the interview, and no specific
  number) which has now been completed, sent off, received, and filed by the
  International Court of Hague. They (the good guys in the pentagon) received
  notice in the end of February of 2012 that the office of the International
  Court
  of Hague basically got all the paperwork from all the states and filed it.
  This makes it legal and declares these states as Independent Sovereign
  Nation States.


20120421-Rough Ride. Part 2.-61111.html[12/03/2022 10:32:39]
Rough Ride.


  The basic premise of a nation state is that while they could write their
  own new constitution (or use their existing one), it had to agree with the
  1787 US Constitution, with the original 13th amendment (founded in
  1812), the bill of rights, and the articles of confederation and The
  Declaration of Independence.
  By the states declaring their own nation state sovereignty, and
  therefore removing themselves from the US Corporation, this rebirths
  the The Declaration of Independence which states (on page 2) that
  if the government gets out of control you have the right to get rid
  of the problem.
  The manor and format of using these original founding documents,
  injunction with a meeting of resident representatives of those
  states gives those people the right to make the declarations. This
  in turns gives legal rights by the civilian authority to request the
  mili-ary to take action as necessary to back up the civilian action
  (basically carry out the will of the people of those states).
  The military just loved it, as they can now follow the legal law and
  actually carry out the will of the civilian people not the e-ite Ill-minati
  c-bal anymore. There was also a group of Indian nations that
  submitted paperwork in such a fashion that the Un-ted States
  (the individual states) has been set free from the corporate
  government (the ca-bal gangsters) literally on a lawful basis and
  recognized internationally just like the Indian nations were.
  Having this International recognition means that the Governing
  Body of America is NO Longer the US Corporation (run by the
  Cab-l) and is now the individual states that filed the proper
  paperwork that together make up the Un-ted States, which
  is basically the people of each state and not some evil group
  of old rich men that I call the Illum-nati Re-tilia-n Ca-al Banksters.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120421-Rough Ride. Part 2.-61111.html[12/03/2022 10:32:39]
