{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T14:20:49Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 35645, "source_ctime_ns": 1790663386561568924, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120222-Jim-Sparks-Abductee.-Part-4-of-4.-1106.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790663386546340924, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120222-Jim-Sparks-Abductee.-Part-4-of-4.-1106.pdf", "source_sha256": "9c08badca92b64e0be2fb56b8321278df3a424770dc4bd8e84091d1b10800170"}

Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 4 of 4.


   Subject: Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 4 of 4.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 22/02/2012, 17:09
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Jim Sparks, Abductee.                  Part 4 of 4.              Feb.
   22, 2012.
      This tells what the Grays look like.
   ...................................................................
   ...................................................................
   Once it's accomplished, then we can all know in this globe that there is
   something we can do as a species, as a whole, all six billion of us, or
   however many get involved to actually change something so extreme
   as to where we are going. Which will make it easier to tackle these
   other challenges. Now, as a species, when they fly by and they look
   down at us, what they see is a hornet's nest. You have hornets that
   live a very short life span, you've hornets that are eating and k-lling
   each other. You have hornets that are fighting each other and you're
   looking at hornets that cannot get their act together and never have.
   B: And they don't seem to give a d-mn about the nest.
   J: And they don't understand. So the hornets have to face themselves.
   Not that they're not willing to aid. Remember, these people, these
   beings, these things, and this is a strong point I'm making here, have
   been, for tens of thousands of years, if not hundreds of thousands,
   intervening in any way shape or form, to bring us to e-olving. What
   has been determined, everything under the book has been tried,
   under the sun, under under the stars. And we're still the same, it's
   our nature. We have to do it ourselves.
   B: Is the future set, or are we only talking about probabilities?
   J: If you let the river run, it will run its course and it's set. You
   can change the course of a river, but what I've learned over the
   years is, and I've discussed this with you on the side, that I'm
   learning as I go, the butterfly theory couldn't be any more the
   opposite.
   If you put time in a river sense, which is more ambiguous and
   complex than that, but if you put it in a sense of a strong flowing
   river, in order to alter a very mighty and powerful river that's
   gonna run its course and you know where it's gonna go, it take
   a tremendous amount of energy to make the slightest change. So
   if you let the river go naturally, the flow of time will keep going.
   B: Where is the river headed right now?
   J: Well, it's not a straight line.
   B: Okay (chuckles) - good answer. But is it heading in a general
   direction? Are you optimistic?
   J: I know I'm optimistic about the part as I said earlier, that a
   handful relative to the population on the planet now, survive all
   the upcoming environmental garbage. Only about a handful,
   relatively speaking. And then past that, we ev-lve and repopulate.
   Now I know the technology, and I'm not saying I claim I can
   build a time machine, but I've see the technology several times,
   more than once, and experienced their technology several
   times, more than once, in many different ways, face to face,
   of us even coming back from the future, in my face. It's
   amazing how this thing has evo-ved from the horror the first
   six years, and then to an interaction that's fantastic.
   However, and it's the same thing: yeah, we make it, but not
   all of us do before we get there. What do we want to see?
   We want to see all of us, if not most of us, at least get past
   that point. This is a very hard thing to do because A, it's
   hard to change the river of time. It's strong, it's resilient,
   it wants to snap back. Time, and time once set, wants to
   stay there.. but it can be [changed]. So unfortunately, we're
   on a pretty screwed up course, which is self-destruction


20120222-Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 4 of 4.-1106.html[12/03/2022 10:31:15]
Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 4 of 4.

   with our planet.
   B: Have you been shown a possible future or a probable
   future as some kind of a warning? It's like, you know, this is
   where we're heading if we don't change this river. Have
   you been shown something like this?
   J: Without going into great detail... after we evol-e, I think
   is where I want to go right now, which is [pause] as we
   understand things now, as see things now, it's fantastic.
   We can't just sit back and, say, "oh, gee, we do evolv-"
   because we repopulate again, and regroup and so forth.
   The push is to get us to bring most of us if not all of us
   there.
   B: It gets worse before it get better, and we've got to rise to
   the challenge.
   J: It will, oh absolutely, it will. Oh, but when it will and how it
   will, it almost doesn't take much imagination. You know if
   you start looking at CO2 levels, if you start seeing what
   the rain for
   est is...I could go on and on with the environmental
   things. The way out is the fact that we have the brain power,
   we have the raw resources, we have the technologies
   that are hidden from us, and for very good reason, for the
   most part. But from where we're at right now, these
   things need to come out, and they need to come out
   and change the face of the Earth as we know it.
   B: What's the one message that you would like to leave viewers
   with if you were in a position to say something everyone would
   remember, or take note of, or act upon? (Jim laughs) What
   would that be?
   J: Look within yourself and really, really see where we're at.
   Vision in your mind, vision in your heart, vision in your s-ul
   the glow. Vision all of us on it, see us as a species -volved
   and then think in your mind from where you're at now, to
   where you see us e-olve with all the wonderful things that
   I've just said. What steps should be taken to get us there, or
   to get me there, and how can I participate in bringing us
   there as a species.
   ----------------------
   B: We have a little piece of videotape here which we recorded
   just a short while ago, from somebody who obtained a model
   of a Gray.
   We would like to know your reactions to this. And this is
   unprepared, this is live, these are your spontaneous reactions...
   and just give us your response to this.
   J: (Looking at laptop screen) For starters, we did have a phone
   conversation speaking of the gentleman, Bill H-lden, briefly, but
   in very vague detail describing a little bit about his background. I
   had asked you during that conversation, which was yesterday,
   what his interaction was in reality to extraterrestrials. As far as
   did he see any? And things of that nature? On the phone you
   mentioned to me yesterday that he was on Air F-rce One. I believe
   he said he was a steward. I also believe he said that, as I remember,
   that he had some interaction with P-esident K-nnedy and as
   you mentioned also, that Pr-sident Ke-nedy at the time said,
   admitted to him that he is aware of extraterrestrials and UFOs
   and you didn't go into any detail past that.
   Then you mentioned briefly that he, Mr. Ho-den, his involvement had
   changed in the years: he had some sort of s-curity clearance and
   that he had pictures perhaps, or he had experienced UFOs, and
   the vehicles themselves, with aliens standing next to them. I
   had asked you then, could he describe what they looked like, or
   could you tell me what he told you? You then said to me
   something to the effect of, he carries around with him a model,
   a head, that he said he found at a swamp meet or something
   like that, or...
   B: He basically picked it up.
   J: Somewhere along the line. Because it was very close to what
   he saw, right?


20120222-Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 4 of 4.-1106.html[12/03/2022 10:31:15]
Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 4 of 4.

   B: Yes, there are particular features on this model that he
   understands are accurate. This is his understanding. Because
   of your unique experience, we'd also like to run this past you.
   J: This is an honest reaction and I did see on the laptop that
   particular still version. One thing, that stood out, with me,
   when we were having the phone conversation, which was
   what you were exactly about to say. Which was, he said it
   was a very close replica, but the nose and the mouth were a
   little less defined on the ET versus that model. First thing I
   noticed when I sat down was this thing looks very, very
   close to a species that I've seen. Very close, right up at
   the face.
   So my reaction to that first was there's some authenticity here.
   Then as I look closer at it, and as I'm looking at it now, that's
   one of the first things: the nose is not right. The nose is a
   little too pronounced on this thing. And also, how defined
   the mouth is. It's different. Now, something that stands out
   with me when it comes to this particular species of Gray,
   because it was a situation that really the face is so much...
   the way the face looked is something in my mind, and
   something I can't forget.
   They have a leather-like texture to their faces and you can see
   something akin to wrinkles, which defines one individual
   from another, meaning that I've seen drone beings and
   these drone beings are the short three foot ones, more or
   less. Huge heads, huge giant teardrop eyes, skinny necks
   and so forth. And they're worker bees and I believe them
   to be half biological and half robotic. They are just to perform
   tasks. Would it be artificial intelligence? I don't think so,
   because of the biological aspect of it. Nonetheless, what I
   would call the true species, or the true alien, are the ones
   that govern, the "taskmasters". This looks like a
   "taskmaster". This is what looks like what I would call a
   true alien.
   B: What Bill said was there was a very unusual and
   pronounced musculature at the back of the head, and that
   for him was something that indicated to him that whoever
   it was who created the little model knew exactly what they
   were doing, and either had some experience, or some very
   accurate testimony to work from.
   J: (pointing at the musculature on the back of the head shown on
   the screen) Too pronounced... I would say that it would be... See
   where it's ridged over here? What I'm seeing that's... I'm not
   saying that this is not authentic, I'm just saying what I know.
   B: Of course.
   J: (still pointing at the back of head musculature) This part here
   wouldn't be so indented, so pronounced here, but it would be
   more... the contour would be more blended in. With the exception
   I'm enjoying about this is that these features here, where you're
   seeing these deep ridges? (still pointing to the same area) Again
   the face of the particular species that I'm seeing now and
   intimately have had interaction with, there's a leather-like texture
   to the face. When it comes to this aspect of the head it would be
   more refined ridges, a more refined line. What I'm looking at
   here it comes to mind and I'm just telling you gut reaction. This
   looks like a model made from one that had been d-ad.
   B: Oh! Right.
   J: That's just the gut reaction, and that's "hey, that's how it is".
   But I'm pleased with the fact that it's not describing the typical
   face that's smooth, big eyes, the small thin lips, and they all
   look alike kind of thing.
   What your seeing here is obviously a creature that has pronounced,
   defined independent features, like me from you or you from me.
   Now the face, I'm impressed with the eyes. I've always said if you
   read my work, in other interviews, whenever I've given talks,
   that's what I would call a true alien, when I say I just separate it
   from the robotic beings. When I say true, in that species, the eyes
   are not nearly as big as the giant teardrop eyes of the worker
   beings, but they're certainly bigger than ours. So what I'm seeing
   here in the face are the eyes are very, very good, as far as what
   I've seen. The nose is not proper, and I find that fascinating again
   in that he had mentioned that to you and to me. It's the same with


20120222-Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 4 of 4.-1106.html[12/03/2022 10:31:15]
Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 4 of 4.

   the mouth. Again I'm seeing a texture on the face akin to the skin,
   what with the wrinkles being more refined.
   B: Jim, this is absolutely fabulous. Thank you so much. You're the
   definitive expert around here.
   J: Oh Good! (both laughing)
   __________________
            Bill Ry-n and Kerry Cas-idy
            kerry@projectcamelot.org
            bill@projectcamelot.org
   Part 4 of 4.
   John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20120222-Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 4 of 4.-1106.html[12/03/2022 10:31:15]
