{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:56:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31631, "source_ctime_ns": 1790676075413704431, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120410-Photoes-From-Deby-And-Celebrity-Near-Death-Experience.-61088.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790676075412168888, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120410-Photoes-From-Deby-And-Celebrity-Near-Death-Experience.-61088.pdf", "source_sha256": "623759fcb67e05dee4415b8b7645555af77cfc49ee399ecc684abce3e13b189e"}

More Death Valley. Part 4.


  Subject: More Death Valley. Part 4.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 10/04/2012, 05:28
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: More Death Valley. Part 4.
  April 9, 2012.
  This talks about Telos.
  ....................................................
  ....................................................
  Mt. Shasta has been a major site for UFO contacts for decades. Also
  Indian legends - as well as stories of strange people being seen on it's
  slopes - abound there. These accounts are so well-known that many
  of the travel guides to the Shasta area mention the legends of the
  ancient people who are said to dwell within this ancient volcanic peak.
  Aside from the apparent 'Greek' connection with the under- ground
  city allegedly existing beneath Mt. Shasta (that is, the name 'Telos'
  itself, which is a GREEK word that literally means 'uttermost, purpose'),
  Mr. Ha-ilton also states that some of the 'Telosians' claim to be
  descended from ancient cultures such as the 'Quetzals' and the
  'Naga-Mayas'. This seems to indicate a possible Meso-American
  connection or origin of some of the alleged inhabitants of Shasta. Is
  it possible that South American cultures AND Mediterranean
  cultures such as the ancient Greeks 'teamed up' in their obsession to
  explore the h-avens?
  James C-urchward (who authored several books describing the history
  of an alleged sunken island-continent which he believed existed
  within the Indian Ocean and which went by the name of 'MU') has
  indicated that the 'Naga-Mayas' were a human tribe tied-in with
  ancient India. Whether the Telosians are descended from ancient
  Mayapan, India or Greece is not clear. It is possible as we've said
  that many ancient empires, such as was suggested in the Hav-musuv
  account, flowed-in to each other and traded and interacted with
  each other to a large degree.
  Early archeologist Augustus Le Plongeon, one of the first researchers
  to do an in-depth study of the Mayan Language, came under
  criticism from orthodox scientists when he claimed to have broken
  the Mayan language code, and learned of the close connections the
  Mayas had with Egypt, India and an ancient island continent called
  'MU'. Although Churchward placed MU in the Indian Ocean, Le
  Plongeon placed it somewhere in the Caribbean, perhaps in the
  Bermuda Triangle region - possibly mistaking it with the ante-diluvian
  'Atlantis' legends.
  Others however place MU or ELAM-MU off the west coast of
  North America or, in fact, identify modern-day California as none
  other than the ancient kingdom of MU which in ancient times was
  a peninsula or large island just of the California coast, as the
  Havmu-suv account seems to suggest. It is also possible that the
  'MUrians' had several 'colonies' throughout the ancient world.
  Zechariah Sitchin, author of many books, states that some Mayas
  may originally have came from Egypt. This might be the case
  when we realize the apparent similarities between the Egyptians
  and Mayas as they can be seen in the Mayan and Egyptian
  Pyramids, and so on. Another possibility is one suggested by
  Chu-chward, that the Mayas or Naga-Mayas came from India.
  However, even if they came from Egypt, a connection to India
  may still exist, for the ancient Greek writer Philostratus insists
  that the first Egyptians were originally navigators from INDIA!
  Whether or not the Mayas were originally descended from the
  Egyptians OR ancient East Indians, there is much evidence
  that the Mayas WERE never- the-less a highly scientific society,
  who were well advanced in medicine, astronomy, architecture
  and mathematics. In fact, Charles B-erlitz (author of many books
  on the Bermuda Triangle, the Philadelphia Experiment, and
  other mysteries) refers to the account of a Colorado art
  historian by the name of Jose Arguelles.
  Arguelles claimed to have met an old Mayan 'sage' by the name
  of Humbarty Men who told him that his people, the Mayas, still
  exist as a civilization (underground? - Branton) and that they


20120410-Photoes From Deby And Celebrity Near Death Experience.-61088.html[12/03/2022 10:32:34]
More Death Valley. Part 4.

  have in the last millennia succeeded in 'navigating' at least
  seven nearby planetary systems through advanced spacefaring
  technologies.
  In relation to this, a man by the name of Morris Doreal, also of
  Colorado (a state which is or was believed to be the home of
  an advanced subterranean human culture), runs an organization
  called the 'Brotherhood of the W-ite Temple'. Doreal claims to
  have visited a few of the ancient underground cities and alleges
  that several 'members' of his organization are Guatemalan
  Indians of Mayan descent who have told him of their own
  knowledge of subterranean cities inhabited by both good and
  ev-l (reptilian?) beings. It is true that there are many strange
  caverns in the regions of Yucatan and Guatemala.
  Eastern Guatemala has 'Silpino Cave' which has allegedly
  been explored for months in the direction of ancient volcanic
  cones without the daring Speleonauts' ever finding an end to
  the labyrinth; while the 'Loltun Caves' of Yucatan have an
  even more interesting history, being surrounded with accounts
  of ancient treasure troves, endless passages, encounters
  with people within it's depths who claimed to be centuries
  old, and even stories of lost tribes who vanished into the
  depths while fleeing their enemies, never to be seen again.
  Now back to the subject of the Hav-musuvs and the mysterious
  Mojave and Death Valley region.
  In addition to all of the above, there is much evidence that
  thousands of years ago the 'Nordic' Vikings landed on the
  west coast of the Americas.
  However, whether 'they' have anything at all to add to this
  scenario is uncertain. The best possible source however for
  the 'Hav-musuvs' and in fact the 'Telosians' themselves
  seems to be the ancient Greeks AND Mayas (Greco-Mayans?),
  although as we've indicated, possibly several ancient societies
  may have been working together. It is said by some that the
  Greeks borrowed much of their scientific thought from India
  during the time of Alexander the Great, and subsequently
  may have put this scientific thought into physical applications
  which were in turn shared with some of the leaders of India.
  As we will see later on, the ancient Greeks AND (Ar-an?) East
  Indians may have been collaborating thousands of years ago
  in a 'space race' which propelled these cultures outwards to
  nearby star systems, possibly a millennia or more before the
  appearance of C-hrist.
  In 1961, SEARCH Magazine published a letter in it's October
  issue, pp. 76-81, from a Gene A. Statler of (at the time) North
  Street, Jackson, Missouri. Excerpts from this letter are given
  here:
  'Dear Mr. Palmer: A few days ago I wrote you a letter in which I
  brought to your attention an item which was placed by you in
  the Classified Advertisements section of the December, 1959,
  issue of SEARCH MAGAZINE. In this ad, you requested any
  information as to the whereabouts of L. Taylor Hansen, who
  had disappeared twelve years prior to that issue, and he was
  quoted as saying that he had discovered a black, polished shaft,
  leading down into the earth near Death Valley.
  "You will remember that I mentioned that it was strange to
  have the poem, 'The Curse of Tippecanoe', listed as written
  by Hansen if the author had been missing for fourteen years.
  Well, my face is really red!
  While looking over some of the newest SEARCH and FLYING
  SAUCER magazines, i found that no less than five articles in
  the past three issues of your magazines have been written by
  Mr. Hansen. Therefore, I can safely assume that Mr. Hansen is
  not missing! Please accept my apologies for my rash statements.
  I'll try to be a little more comprehensive in my investigations
  the next time I try to make an earth-shaking announcement!
  "However, my one suggestion still stands. Why not inform
  everyone, if you have not already done so, as to the real, whole
  story behind Hansen's disappearance and his discovery? What
  was his polished, black shaft?
  Ray Palmer's editorial reply to Statler's letter was as follows:
  "...It is true that we searched for Mr. Hansen for all those
  years, and when we found him, he had this cryptic remark to
  make concerning his whereabouts: 'It would be best just to
  drop the subject.' However, we do have Mr. Hansen back doing


20120410-Photoes From Deby And Celebrity Near Death Experience.-61088.html[12/03/2022 10:32:34]
More Death Valley. Part 4.

  articles for us, and not only that, but we have one book
  manuscript in production - one on Atlantis, and one on Lemuria.
  We feel sure that these will be quite sensational, and it may
  be they will answer a lot of unanswered questions concerning
  Mr. Hansen and his mysterious twelve-year silence."
  We have seen by the Hav-musuv and related accounts, hidden
  technological societies descended from ancient Grecia or
  other ancient societies, may very well have established
  aerospace travel several hundred, if not a few thousand,
  years ago.
  Assuming this, once aerial travel was accomplished by ancient
  races such as those described by Oga-Make, William
  Ham-lton and others, 'space' travel would be the next logical
  step. There are indications that the Hav-musuvs may have
  been only one of many ancient 'Terran' groups to discover
  'fr-e-energy' (electromagnetic) propulsion, and they certainly
  have not been the last. The problem is, when a segment of
  the human ra-e, a scientific c-bal for instance, stumbles upon
  the se-ret of electromagnetic propulsion (or even atomic,
  mercury, ion or tachyon energy drives - tachyons being an
  actual faster-than- light particle recognized by quantum
  physicists), they have a propensity to seclude themselves
  from mainstream humanity. This was usually done, according
  to various accounts, out of a fear that their technologies
  would be stolen and used for destructive purposes. It has
  only been in recent centuries that this 'techno-imperialism'
  on the part of the sec-et scientific fraternities has weakened,
  as the overall masses of humanity have demanded their 'share'
  of the technological 'pie', and with it they have also recieved
  the darker side of   technology - machine g-ns, missiles,
  at-mic we-pons - the works.
  Part 4.
  John Winston.              johnfw@mlode.com


20120410-Photoes From Deby And Celebrity Near Death Experience.-61088.html[12/03/2022 10:32:34]
