{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:54:54Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30925, "source_ctime_ns": 1790674215949863950, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120323-Death-Valley.-Part-2.-1168-0a3df4a279.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790674215932394398, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120323-Death-Valley.-Part-2.-1168-0a3df4a279.pdf", "source_sha256": "c4cb0a7658eee0e1ab874daed6542a1fd9c9e493c1386edb9db11e7bca9cfd7d"}

Death Valley. Part 2.


   Subject: Death Valley. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 23/03/2012, 03:15
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Death Valley.                     Part 2.
   Mar. 22, 2012.
     I lived in the Mojave Desert, in the town of Mojave, Caif. for a
   few years.
   .....................................................
   .....................................................
   "I could not help but ask the inevitable.
   "'Do you believe this story of the chief?'
   "His eyes studied the wisps of smoke for some minutes before he
   answered.
   "'I do not know. When a man is lost in Tomesha, and the Fire-G-d
   is walking across the salt crust, strange dreams like clouds, fog
   through his mind. No man can breathe the hot breath of the Fire-Go-
   and long remain sane. Of course, the Paiutes have thought of this. No
   people knows the moods of Tomesha better than they.
   "'You asked me to tell you the legend of the flying ships. I have told
   you what the young men of the tribe do not know, for they no longer listen
   to the stories of the past. Now you ask me if I believe. I answer this. Turn
   around. Look behind you at that wall of the Panamints. How many giant
   caverns could open there, being hidden by the lights and shadows of the
   rocks? How many could open outward or inward and never be seen behind
   the arrow-like pinnacles before them? How many ships could swoop
   down like an eagle from the beyond, on summer nights when the fires
   of the furnace-sands have closed away the valley from the eyes of the
   white-man? How many Hav-musuvs could live in their eternal peace
   away from the noise of white-man's guns in their unscaleable
   stronghold? This has always been a land of mystery. Nothing can change
   that. Not even white-man with his flying engines, for should they
   come too close to the wall of the Panamints a sharp wind like the
   flying arrow can sheer off a wing. Tomesha hides its secrets
   well even in winter, but no man can pry into them when the Fire-G-d
   draws the hot veil of his breath across the passes.
   "'I must still answer your question with my mind in doubt, for we speak
   of a weird land. White-man does not yet know it as well as the Paiutes,
   and we have ever held it in awe. It is still the forbidden
   'Tomesha--Land-Of-The-Flaming-Earth.'"
   The preceding account, titled "TRIBAL MEMORIES OF THE FLYING
   SAUCERS", appeared in the Sept. 1949 issue of FATE magazine.
   Coincidentally or not, this same 'legend' was repeated in amazing
   similarity by an old prospector by the name of Bourke Lee in his book
   "DEATH VALLEY MEN"
   (Macmillan Co., New York, 1932). However, Lee stated that it was
   NOT a legend, but an actual account of the discovery of a (now
   abandoned) city WITHIN the Panamint Mountains as he heard it
   from three other people who claimed to have seen this ancient
   wonder beneath the earth.
   Believe it or not, those who talked to Bourke Lee mentioned the
   ancient 'lake' within Death Valley, the ancient city within the
   Panamints themselves, and even the large tunnel-like 'quays'
   or ancient boat docks above the ancient shoreline on the
   eastern slope of the Panamints which led INTO the ancient
   city... ancient artifacts which they swore they saw with their
   own eyes.
     The Editors of FATE magazine introduced the story which
   appears above with the following words:
   "...FATE presents two new saucer stories in this issue. The
   first is a startling account of an aviation editor's encounter
   with two disks (two week's after he had photographed four
   and was frustrated in every attempt to get the photo into
   the big dailies and thus prove the flying saucers were real
   at the height of the 'scare'); and the second is a tribal secret


20120323-Death Valley. Part 2.-1168.html[12/03/2022 10:31:27]
Death Valley. Part 2.

   of the Paihute Indians given to FATE magazine out of
   appreciation for FATE's Navaho story in the Spring, 1948
   issue, which helped relieve their hardship in the ensuing
   winter. Your editor wonders about (these) stories, and
   presents them as a possible solution of the nature and
   origin of the famous disks. Both these stories arrived on
   our desk on the same day. They corroborate each other.
   We say that investigation will prove both to be true. We
   admit, however, that we believe it will be as impossible to
   prove the Hav-musuv story as it has been to produce a
   captive disk. Your editor, however, has been a friend of
   the American Indian for many years, and he has rarely
   known an Indian to lie. He is convinced of the sincerity
   of the story we present in this issue, and that it has not
   been distorted. What does it mean?
   What, really, are the Hav-musuvs?"
   The story of the Hav-musuvs seems to be a major or key
   'piece' of the overall puzzle of a wide range of aerial as
   well as subsurface phenomena which have mystified
   numerous researchers throughout this century.
   Not the least of these unusual phenomena were the
   so-called 'contactees' of California who during the 1950's
   and '60's, in fact, described their own alleged encounters
   with 'benevolent' human-like beings who were seen to
   emerge from aerial disks, not far at all from the
   mysterious Panamint mountains them- selves.
   The Mojave Desert is also, believe it or not, the very
   place where William Shatner claimed to have had his
   UFO encounter with a 'silvery disk', which he alleges
   saved his life after he became lost in the Mojave's
   other-worldly expanse, and this long before he was
   Christened 'Captain' of the U.S.S. Enterprise!
   The Mojave Desert of California is in this sense perhaps
   one of the most interesting areas in the world
   whereas encounters with strange aerial phenomena
   are concerned. In certain small California and Mojave
   Desert towns, like the small town of Anza for instance,
   one is more likely to be called crazy for NOT believing
   in UFO's than they are for believing in them.
     Sightings have been so numerous over the years that
   these aerial visitors are an accepted fact of life.
   The interesting thing, however, is that the two most
   commonly reported types of 'occupants' which are
   described by thousands of witnesses with remarkable
   consistency the world over (in relation to these aerial
   phenomena) play a large part in the Mojave Desert
   scenario as well. These are the two groups which
   have often been referred to at the 'Saurian Grays' and
   the 'Nordic Blonds'.
   Both types of 'entities' have appeared in many accounts
   describing encounters with not only so-called
   extraterrestrial beings, but also the lesser known --
   although nevertheless persistent -- accounts of
   intra-terranean beings as well.
   In this file we will document numerous accounts which
   seem to suggest that the 'Nordics' may be our ancient
   ancestors who, a few thousand years previous to the
   modern 'space race', may have attained the science and
   technology necessary to burrow deep into the earth in
   order to construct vast subterranean tech- nological
   metropolises, and shortly thereafter like a slingshot
   from the lower depths of the earth they may have hurled
   them- selves in starships of their own devising through
   the interplanetary and perhaps even interstellar depths
   of space.
   The strange allegation among 'UFOlogists', however, is
   one mentioned by many 'c-ntactees' who allege that a
   neo-sauroid or reptilian r-ce known as the GRAYS may
   have for hundreds if not thousands of years been in
   conflict, or even in even all-out w-rfare with the so-called
   'Nordics' (as we will see further on, the "Nordic"
   appellation may be closer to the truth than one might


20120323-Death Valley. Part 2.-1168.html[12/03/2022 10:31:27]
Death Valley. Part 2.

   think). The explanation given by some researchers as
   to the ACTUAL ORIGIN of this malevolent and predatory
   (other) ra-e of 'grayish' aliens may shock you!
   Since National Polls reveal that approximately 80 percent
   of all Americans believe in the phenomena known as UFO's
   to some degree, and that as many as 2 percent or 1 in 50
   believe that they have been targets of 'abduction' by the
   same in the past, this file is written with the assumption
   that the reader is one of the 80% (and possibly even one
   of the 2 percent who have experiential knowledge of the
   UFO phenomena).
   If the reader believes that they are part of the 20 percent
   who do not believe in UFO's and have no desire to do so,
   then the following may not be for you. If one does not like
   the idea of having the very 'fabric' of their concept of
   reality torn apart and woven back together again, then
   they might do well to pass on this information to someone
   with a more open mind.
   But if you desire to bear with us, we will reveal to you the
   hidden secr-ts of one place on earth which appears to
   be a 'doorway' to other worlds, to worlds and realities and
   adventures which may well make the reader's own
   perception of 'reality' seem absolutely mundane to the
   extreme...
   But if you dare, then read on:
   George H. Leonard, in his book "SOMEBODY ELSE IS ON THE
   MOON" (David McKay Co. Inc., New York., 1967), quotes
   Morris K. J-ssup (the UFOlogist who d-ed under mysterious
   circumstances after exposing the so-called 'PHILADELPHIA
   EXPERIMENT'), who asked the question: "Who has beaten
   us to the moon by hundreds or even thousands of years?"
   Leonard, based on research gathered by himself and
   certain ex-N-SA employees, confirms the suspicions of
   certain researchers to the effect that NA-A is aware of the
   fact that an alien rac- (the Grays, etc.) AND a human-like
   -ace has for centuries been fighting for possession of the
   moon, that mining equipment has been seen as well as
   many other evidences of lunar activity.
   Part 2.
   John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20120323-Death Valley. Part 2.-1168.html[12/03/2022 10:31:27]
