{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:12:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31017, "source_ctime_ns": 1790677739066551205, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120218-Martin-Luther-King.-Part-3.-Correction.-1097.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790677739021864629, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120218-Martin-Luther-King.-Part-3.-Correction.-1097.pdf", "source_sha256": "6d5218ecc179ff0b007ff41bd225c67a7c830b1dc7a2203477816f3f543eeb40"}

Martin Luther King. Part 3. Correction.


   Subject: Martin Luther King. Part 3. Correction.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 18/02/2012, 05:38
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Martin Luther King.                 Part 3.
   Feb. 17, 2012
      This talks about Karma.
   ................................................................
   ................................................................
   The full course. I certainly am not the only, what would you call,
   contributor. What I would say is that there are many - well, there are
   millions and millions who have taken this and taken it to heart. Now,
   what I would like you to do is to speed it up. The lessons are all
   there. But time really is shortening, you know, in your human
   reality. Yes, even the number of hours in a day are getting closer
   together, they are shrinking. I'2m sure you have noticed that. So
   take these wonderful messages, these lessons, and bring them,
   accordion them, and then place them in your heart. Yes, still,
   one, two, three a day ' it matters not. The lessons are eternal
   and valid.
   But get going with them.
   This is not a time to simply be studying. Always the study continues,
   life after life after life. But it is also a time of action, and that is
   what the course teaches as well. It is to internalize and then
   bring forward into your life the [axis?] of love and the lessons of
   manifestation, of creation, of attraction, repulsion - all of these.
   Bring them to the forefront now.
   SB: L-rd, when the prophet Malachi assumed the name Imperator
   and spoke through the Reverend Stanton M-ses, you're aware
   of that e-annel, are you not?
   J: Yes.
   SB: And when he did, he brought along with him Plotinus, Al Ghazzali,
   and other exalted beings whose names have slipped my -
   Apollodorus, etc.. But you were saying that the Course in M-racles
   involved a group of beings. Can you name any of the others?
   J: You can think of it as the group of ascended mas-ers. You can
   think of it in that way.
   SB: Okay. And you are the head of the Great W-ite Brotherhood,
   are you not?
   J: I am considered the honorary head. I would never imply that I am
   the head of the Great Wh-te Brotherhood. The Great Whi-e
   Brotherhood, like many of the brotherhoods, is also part of Council
   of Love. So we are all connected, and all one. But yes, I am part
   of this -
   SB: All right.
   J: - esteemed group that loves to teach.
   SB: Okay. I thought it was Sananda who said you were the Hierarch.
   But I'll let that go.
   I have a question from myself, and one that I would like answered
   from myself, if you would. Jan R-usbroec in the Middle Ages once
   described the C-rist, and he said this. He said, - In this darkness
   an incomprehensible light is born and shines forth. This is the
   son of G-d, in whom a person becomes able to see and
   contemplate eternal life. It is Chr-st, the light of truth who
   says - see, - and it is through him that we are able to see, for he
   is the light of the father, without which there is no light in
   he-ven or on Earth. -
   Is that light indeed the Chri-t in its essential form?
   J: It is the Chris-ed light, yes, you are correct. In its fullest form.


20120218-Martin Luther King. Part 3. Correction.-1097.html[12/03/2022 10:31:13]
Martin Luther King. Part 3. Correction.

   SB: All right, now, can you - I - It'd be such an important thing
   for me if you could discuss your relationship to that light.
   Were you embodying it in the fullest manner? Was that your
   role or mission? Or what was your relationship to the Chris-?
   J: That has always been the fullness of my mission, in
   whatever form I have taken. I am the light that burst forth. I
   am the light that came from the heart of One, from the heart
   of Go-. And my purpose in all this relationship was to simply
   ignite, not only what has been referred to as Hea-en and
   Earth, but far beyond. If you look to my essence, dear friend,
   all you will see is light. That is all there is. And it can assume
   relationship, and after relationship it can assume various
   form. But it is - light was beyond the C-rist light. Can you
   think of it as a [tearing?]? That was how - It was an implosion,
   explosion of light, and it has never changed. And it will never
   change.
   SB: And when you say, - I am the light, - who is - I am? Are
   you speaking as Je--s, or are you speaking as the Ch-ist,
   as the light?
   J: No, I am speaking as the light. I am speaking as the light.
   SB: And is that something -
   J: The light that then transfers into the Chr-st light, that
   then transfers into the being that you, sitting here this night,
   call J--us. But you were asking about my essence.
   SB: I am. Is that light that became the Chri-t - is that the
   Father?
   J: It is - think of it as a replication of the Father.
   SB: So the Father -
   J: It did not take away from the Source, it just expanded it.
   It is part of the infinite extension of creation. It is not born
   the way you think. It is just an explosion of light, that is.
   SB: And that is not the Ho-y Sp-rit you're describing?
   J: That is the feminine. And when that also explodes, it
   becomes the light.
   And I am that blend.
   SB: All right. Well, there's definitely more for me to
   understand then. I do [impress it?] because that is a
   very deep explanation, and not one that I certainly
   fully comprehend at this moment. But I thank you for -
   J: It's not what you expected.
   SB: No, no, it's not. No, of course, it isn't, but my view
   is simplistic.
   How could it be otherwise? I know that.
   J: You are not a simple man. When you think of creation,
   when you think of all that is, the creation is more light.
   And that initial light that bursts forth is who I am.
   SB: Um-hmm. Well, I ask that you make this clear to me
   on some occasion in the near future, Lo-d. Thank you.
   And I will listen to this tape again and again. Thank you.
   J: You are welcome.
   SB: Oh, let's see. You wanted to speak on karma and
   r-incarnation, I believe.
   J: Yes, I did. Because there is a time right now, as you
   may know, of great karmic dispensation. For there is a
   great deal of concern, doubt, worry, fear, and the circle
   of karma that has been the circle of life and re-ncarnation
   time and time again needs to be discussed. And so we
   would ask people - all people, all beings, all isms, all
   realities - to p-ay, to ask, to request, however you go
   about this, to ask for this karmic dispensation, to ask for
   this time that all karma, that is owed to you or that you


20120218-Martin Luther King. Part 3. Correction.-1097.html[12/03/2022 10:31:13]
Martin Luther King. Part 3. Correction.

   owe, that all deeds that have been left unattended to,
   be cleared, so that you are all free during this time of
   rebirth to go forward without hindrance.
   Now, we have talked briefly about immortality and
   incarnation and reinc-rnation, for, of course, that
   cycle has gone on and on. Many of you are starseed
   and have traveled thousands and thousands of years
   to be present at this time of rebirth on Earth, the
   unfoldment of a shift, of the rebirth of love, of a higher
   dimension of reality than you have known. You have
   come to witness and to learn about what love looks
   like and how it is constructed and to help - and your
   help is needed in this process of construction, and yes,
   reconstruction.
   Each of you has this ability to continue on, free, and
   to break free of these bonds that have held you in this
   circle and in this cycle. Now, I am not talking about
   d-ing for immortality. I am talking about living and
   assuming your human form, or, for that matter,
   whatever for you choose, to continue on into the golden
   times. Do not limit yourself to what has been a construct
   or a belief system of your third dimension, that you
   only come for a certain length of time and then you
   disintegrate and you di- not that de-th is a difficult
   process. In fact, it can be quite pleasant. But that is not
   what you are here for at this moment. You are here to fly
   free in form, whatever form it is you choose. So I'm taking
   this opportunity to ask each of you to request this gift.
   A long time ago, when I did d-e, there was a great deal
   of mythology then as well. And the c-urches who liked
   to keep control said, "Well, he di-d for your s-ns." That
   has always been distasteful to me, because it is mired in
   guilt and shame and blame. During that period - what
   you think of as my d-ath and then asc-nsion - was a
   time then of great karmic dispensation, not just for
   those present but for all upon the planet at that time.
   And that gift is renewed during this period once again.
   And so that is why I ask to bring it to your attention
   right now. You cannot do this quickly enough. Let go.
   SB: Were you finished, lord?
   J: Yes.
   SB: Thank you. Would it be - could you comment, please,
   on the teaching that some people say that belief in
   you will remove all si-? Is that an accurate statement?
   J: If you believe in me - and I am going to do this to you
   Steve I am going to turn on it again - I am going to say
   if you believe in me the way I believe in you, if you love
   me the way that I love you, the way that the Mother,
   Father loves you, the way that Sanat Kumara loves you,
   Arc-angel Michael loves you, if you love in that way,
   then there is no -in, because you are in alignment.
   There is this belief, good people do bad things. That
   is not so. When you are in the truth of your being, your
   mind, your heart, your s-ul, and if you believe in love,
   then yes, anything, anything can be forgiven. But the
   biggest obstacle has always been the forgiveness of
   self, forgiveness of each other.
   Part 3.
   John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20120218-Martin Luther King. Part 3. Correction.-1097.html[12/03/2022 10:31:13]
