{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:25:33Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31712, "source_ctime_ns": 1790680075341603846, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120418-UFO-Crash-Near-Phoenix-Arizona.-1220.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790680075330584017, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120418-UFO-Crash-Near-Phoenix-Arizona.-1220.pdf", "source_sha256": "7dd5dacaf1cbe1f40b66d73df366eccce7ae30802a198ad389da3a0b38d9217d"}

UFO Crash Near Phoenix, Arizona.


  Subject: UFO Crash Near Phoenix, Arizona.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 18/04/2012, 06:04
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: UFO Crash Near Phoenix, Arizona.
  April 17, 2012.
    This probably should be called More Death Valley Part 7 but we'll call
  it UFO Crash Near Phoenix, Arizona, Part 1.
    I recently got some news in from El Arral who now says that she is a
  walk-in because she recognizes the pictures of the space people in
  the Galactic Federation such as Sananda and Ashtar. She says that
  she thinks that the people inside Mt. Shasta are moving out to be
  on the outside of this Earth rather than inside the mountain.
    Here we go with the Page 2 of the material about the S-crets Of
  The Mojave.
  .............................................................
  .............................................................
  THE SE-RETS OF THE MOJAVE
  (Or, The C-nspiracy Against Reality) -- Page #2
  [7th edition]
  Compiled by 'The Group' -- Edited by 'Branton'
  http://www.v-j-enterprises.com/ufoart/trek2.gif
  As a result of this w-r, according to Meier, a leader by the name of
  Pleiore allegedly led a mass exodus of surviving refugees from the
  Lyran system in an effort to reach and colonize the Pleiades, the
  Hyades and Vega. Even today as we've seen previously, some
  'C-ntactees' have reportedly encountered the modern-day Vegans, as
  well as the Pleiadeans. Whether Tau Ceti was colonized as a result of
  this exodus, or whether it was an original 'link' in an apparent
  colonization
  by ancient Eartheans of the Lyran system, is uncertain. It is interesting
  however that, when viewed from earth, the three constellations of
  Taurus (Pleiades), Cetus, and Eridanus are ADJACENT to each other
  and in the same sector of the sky. At this point in time, Meier was
  told, the Pleiadeans were part of a union of interstellar colonists
  and civilizations numbering over 127 billion humans.
  One interesting thing that Meier was told is that the 'Nordics' or
  'Pleiadeans' were approximately 3000 YEARS advanced over us in
  technological development! (This extreme closeness in development
  when compared to the multi-billion year history of the galaxy may
  seem highly unusual, as well as the fact that nearly all human
  cultures in this sector of the universe who have co-tacted eartheans
  claim to be no more than a few thousand years advanced over us.
  The most likely explanation is that human life in this part of the
  galaxy appeared on one single world and quickly spread out to
  other systems, adapting themselves to their new environments,
  especially after "hyperspace" travel became a reality).
  Are there any other accounts that might support the above scenario?
  In the Spring, 1991 issue of "UFO JOURNAL OF FACTS" (Box 17206.,
  Tucson, AZ 85710), researcher Forest C-awford gives a very
  remarkable description of a crash-recovery of a disk which was
  reported by a former deep-level g-vernment employee who Cr-wford
  refers to only as 'Oscar'. For reasons which should be obvious,
  'Oscar's' last name was not given. His story, as quoted by Cra-ford,
  is as follows:
  "'...The eggs had their typical lack of firmness and the sausage tasted
  more like greasy rope than pork links. The order to mobilize saved
  me from this breakfast experiment. We proceeded down six flights of
  stairs below the COMTRAPAC submarine base in San Diego to
  'shoot-the-tubes.' After placing a few pieces of jewelry in a container
  I climbed into the cylinder to travel the tunnels to an unknown
  assignment. I wondered what was so important to upgrade our pay
  from E-3 to E-6 before we left and besides that, we could not even
  finish breakfast.
  "'As I am told of our departure, a familiar uneasy feeling comes over
  me. When you push down on the accelerator in your car, one can feel
  the tug of inertia sinking you into the seat. When you travel the tubes


20120418-UFO Crash Near Phoenix, Arizona.-1220.html[12/03/2022 10:32:38]
UFO Crash Near Phoenix, Arizona.

  there is no feeling of motion but you know when the door opens you
  will be in another place hundreds, even thousands of miles away. For
  some comfort I checked to see if the watch hidden in my pocket was
  still there. I quickly looked to see if it is still running. It seems to be
  working normally, so why no jewelry? Because of electrical charge
  buildup perhaps?
  "The soft clang of the door opening made me tense again. I did
  not even feel us stop! Peeking at the watch I noted only 30 minutes
  had passed. We must be in California, Nevada or Arizona, I thought.
  As I stepped from the windowless capsule I heard a m-litary po-iceman
  murmur 'Turners' Rangers.'
  Our reputation had preceded us. As I readorned my jewelry the first
  surprise of this assignment was about to come.
  "'A high-ranking Naval O.S.S. Officer informs us that we will not be
  allowed above ground while in North Dakota. NORTH DAKOTA! Several
  of us were led to a large hanger-like room that had been quickly set
  up to function as a laboratory. Resting on heavy jack stands in the
  middle of the room was a large disk- shaped craft. The chief
  scientist present was introduced as Professor B-ar. As his briefing
  and some discussion proceeded, I rapidly developed rapport with
  this talented, open minded and gentle man.
  "'The craft had crashed near Phoenix, Arizona and was moved to this
  North Dakota base. Two d-ad alien bodies with fatal radiation
  exposure were found outside the craft. I reflected on my O.S.S.
  Training for crash retrieval and remembered thinking. 'Why bother,
  we will never get a chance to be involved in anything that exciting.'
  Well, not only was I involved, I was the sec-rity team leader. This
  meant that when the craft was opened I would be the first one
  inside! After all, one does not send in a high ranking officer or a
  chief scientist to possibly encounter an alien booby trap or
  extraterrestrial virus. Come to think of it, the prospects did not
  excite me either. As Professor Be-r prepared his ultrasonic sound
  generators for opening the craft, my apprehension turned to
  intensity; after all, this was what my training was for.
  "'As 'the Bea-' tuned his equipment the smooth solid metal surface of
  the craft began to ripple like when you throw a stone in the water.
  When the ripples seemed to gain harmonic stability the now liquid
  metal parted in a circular iris-like fashion. As I stepped inside I
  noticed a fresh pine scent and a strange smoothness to everything.
  The interior was rounded off and continued with no seams or rivets.
  It was as if the walls, floor and ceiling were formed out of one
  piece of metal. Even a table in the center of the craft looked as
  though it had been pushed up out of the floor. What appeared
  to be control panels had no knobs, switches or dials. There were
  strange symbols highlighting these futuristic yet simple consoles.
  "'The outside of the craft had no apparent damage yet the interior
  showed some distortion, possibly from the crash. Next to one of the
  panels I could see something that would challenge my training and
  change my perceptions of reality forever. The craft was just
  another piece of hardware, but seated next to the panel was a
  human! It's gender was obviously male. Aside from his unusual
  dress he could have walked past you at a grocery store and not
  command much attention. Upon noticing some injuries about his
  head I instinctively and quickly moved toward him to help. His
  skin was a bronze color, reminiscent of Mediterranean or South
  American cultures. His hair was similarly brown and very short
  in a Roman or crew style cut. The only real difference in
  appearance from earth humans were that his ears were slightly
  pointed. He reminded me of pictures of Quetzalcoatl, the deity
  of the ancient Toltecs (Note: This mythic being which was also
  known as the 'feathered serpent' may have been either human
  or serpentine, depending on the different 'depictions' given by the
  ancient Mayas, Toltecs, etc. - Branton).
  "'He was conscious and in great pain. One leg was partially
  pinned by the shifting interior. I was examining cuts on his
  cheek and lip when I first touched him. An overwhelming
  feeling of compassion came over me as I heard his voice in
  my head. I could understand him clearly even though his mouth
  did not move. The communication was strictly t-lepathic..."
  In this case he mean 'empathic'. There is little evidence that
  actual mind-to-mind 'thought reading' is a reality, at least
  without the aid of sophisticated technology. Even if it were
  possible the 'words' formed in the mind of the human
  encountered by 'Oscar' would most likely be in a language
  completely unfamiliar to him. Most people who experience


20120418-UFO Crash Near Phoenix, Arizona.-1220.html[12/03/2022 10:32:38]
UFO Crash Near Phoenix, Arizona.

  this phenomena claim that 'thought words' are not involved, but
  that so-called 'te-epathy' instead involves the empathic
  'feelings' or 'images' BEHIND these words. Emotions are the
  most common 'universal language' between the various
  different human r-ces wherever they may be.
  Many experts claim that 'words' make up only about twenty
  percent of the actual 'communication' which passes between
  people. Sometimes body language, facial expressions, feelings,
  eye contact, and attitudes tell more about what a person is
  thinking than mere 'words' can. This is because humans have
  a duel physical and sp-ritual nature. Just as an astronomer can
  determine the chemical makeup of a star by looking at it's
  spectrograph, human beings are like 'lights' in themselves
  who can to a large extent be 'interpreted' by others who are
  sensitive to the feelings, expressions and words-attitudes
  which they are projecting. For instance emotions, sight, and
  even thoughts result from a combination of the physical and
  spiri-ual natures of human beings. So with this interjection,
  we now continue with 'Oscar's' account:
  "'I perceived his f-ar of being harmed and told him that I would
  not let anyone hurt him. Suddenly, a voice from the doorway
  refocused my attention on the duties at hand.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20120418-UFO Crash Near Phoenix, Arizona.-1220.html[12/03/2022 10:32:38]
