{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T11:56:50Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31097, "source_ctime_ns": 1790782808688129789, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120225-The-Cosmic-Trigger.-Part-2.-1112-5e66f5a5ea.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790782808650603087, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120225-The-Cosmic-Trigger.-Part-2.-1112-5e66f5a5ea.pdf", "source_sha256": "7f177b1d0b9001cc50c0cf7b46b53149ef65a0a49f5b89a55c245a5ebdab161c"}

The Cosmic Trigger. Part 2.


  Subject: The Cosmic Trigger. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 25/02/2012, 16:42
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Cosmic Trigger.                 Part 2.
  Feb. 25, 2012.
    This actually talks about "The Music Of The Spheres, a subject that is
  mentioned in a gospel song but not many people understand or even
  believe that it exists.
  ....................................................................
  ....................................................................
  Music of the Spheres
  The symbiotic relationship of geometry and mathematics to sound, music,
  color & light is factual, but far more reaching than is presently
  understood. Each stellar and planetary consciousness within your Cosmos is
  in Omnipotent Harmony. Every astronomical wave bathing the Omni-Earth in
  2012, and aimed at up shifting the planet as well as humanity. There is a
  design, a pre set program enacting. What may appear as imbalance is simply
  the pre tuning to allow the Celestial Symphony of the Ascension.
  The Ascended Master Kuthumi as Pythagoras found that a string stopped
  halfway along its length produced an octave, while a ratio of 3/2 produced a
  fifth interval and 4/3 produced a fourth. Something similar also occurs in
  the crysto-light waves of the Cosmic Trigger Codes. This embellishes the
  Cosmic Trigger with musical powers of h-aling, "harmonizing" the imbalance
  effects of the 2012 intensities .
  Dear Ones, you are ALL Sparks of D-vine-S-ul Light having a unique
  experience in the Duality of what is termed the 'University of Earth. In
  physical existence, your consciousness spirals down through the sa-red
  geometrical symphony within the div-ne patterns of the Phi and Golden Ratio.
  In the Ascension, you will regain the enhanced template that enables you to
  transmigrate the Torus of realities, and as such reverse the spin of the
  spiral, by anti-spin of the Life Vortex and return to your Divi-e Source
  consciousness within Crystal-Coherent Light . The Cosmic Triggers are the
  enablers, changing the matrix. It is not haphazard, it is not
  circumstantial, but deliberate of Divi-e Creatorship in a logic beyond even
  your imagination. It is beautiful beyond comprehension.
  Four Key Balancing Dates Within the 'Ring of Fire'
  March 20 - Equinox - The 4th and final wave of the Cosmic Trigger, upload
  for the Ring of Fire download (Solar Eclipse of May 20, 2012) and
  initializing the Crystalline Codes.
  May 20- Ring of Fire Solar Eclipse - The apex of the Final Phase of the
  Cosmic Trigger. Humanity macro-integration - Divin- Masculine balance via
  the balancing waves of the -ivine Feminine as the Golden Dolphin influx.
  June 4 - Lunar Eclipse- Humanity micro- integration- D-vine Feminine
  Balance.
  June 6 - Venus Transit - Integration with the Sirian and Pleiadean Alliance,
  the full return of the Golden Dolphin energies, the initial integration of
  Di-ine Feminine to Div-ne Masculine to form Integral Non Polarity.
  June 20 - Summer Solstice - Extremely powerful, completing a quartet of
  dates with the Solar eclipse of May 20th and Lunar Eclipse of June 4th and
  Venus Transit of June 6. This will be an extremely intense , yet balancing
  energy that incorporates a final inflow of energetic codes and allows for
  obstructing releases.
  The Pyramid Receival Complex
  As we have emphasized, the Tri-Pyramid Complex located on Galveston Island
  is in exact latitudinal alignment, 29.6 degrees, with the Tri Pyramidal
  Complex in Giza, Egypt. This is not a mere coincidence !
  This is indeed extremely significant, for an Axialtonal energy line joins
  the two complexes. These two tri-pyramidal matrixes will serve to bring in


20120225-The Cosmic Trigger. Part 2.-1112.html[12/03/2022 10:31:16]
The Cosmic Trigger. Part 2.

  the energies of the Crystalline Activation of the final phase of the Cosmic
  Trigger.
  We tell you that the two Pyramid Complexes, Giza and Moody Gardens, are
  extremely important for the Ascension. These complexes of Tri- Pyramidal
  complexes are receivers and transmitters that disseminate to all other
  Pyramids and Crystalline strata on the Earth. They communicate with the
  Golden Sun Discs and the 144-Crytsalline Grid. The receive the codes and
  distribute them.
  It is why we urged the c-annel to lead a group to Giza in the initial period
  of the 12th Wave, and why we asked for the completion in Moody on the Ring
  of Fire Eclipse.
  What is happening on Galveston Island, that termed the 'Head of the Dove' is
  effecting all of the Western hemisphere in conjunction with Giza in its role
  in the Eastern Hemispheres of the planet.
  The 29th Latitude : Terrestrial Centre Mass
  The 29th latitude was deliberately chosen as it is a center of importance
  for the land masses and humanity centers. For the majority of surface land
  mass of your planet is in that termed the Northern Hemisphere, above the
  equator. Therein resides the majority of humanity and exists the greater
  portion of land mass. Accordingly is the 29 Latitude North a centre point
  for North and South in your terms. It is the 'true' equator in certain
  specifics.
  This was known in earlier times. The Moody Complex is not the first tri
  Pyramid complex in this latitudinal energy. And indeed there are more
  Pyramids in Giza than the 3 large ones in physical reality. Phi Pyramids are
  indeed infinite octahedrons in multidimensional (timeless) terms.
  We tell you that an Atlantean Pyramidal Complex once stood very near the
  present location of the Galveston Pyramids in the latter phase of Atlantis.
  This was a time when sea levels were much lower than they are today. The
  present location of the Moody Tri-Pyramid Complex is approximately five
  nautical miles from an Atlantean Pyramid Complex that is now submerged in
  Gulf waters and covered by the silt and sands of the ages.
  Before the deluge of Atlantis, the areas of the presently submerged
  continental shelf in the Texas Gulf Coast were on dry soil. A land bridge
  connected Poseida (Atlantis) to the Yucatan and indeed parts of present day
  Texas.
  It may be of interest for you to know that the Pyramid Complex housed 13 of
  the original Crystal Skulls, and the skull called 'Max' was centered amidst
  the 12 . It is why Max was taken inside the complex after its construction
  to connect the energies. As such we tell you that the construction of the
  Moody Pyramids was indeed, no accident. For an energetic frequency transfer
  has taken place between the submerged Atlantean complex and the Moody
  Pyramids.
  The Moody Gardens Pyramids have taken on the multidimensional energies of
  the submerged Atlantean complex and are now fully formatted to play a major
  role in the Cosmic Trigger.
  Communication between Giza and Moody is entering full swing. Those who were
  in Giza in February will bring the codes of Giza to Moody. The two energies
  will fully merge.
  The Tri- Pyramid Alignment
  Now the three Pyramid complex on Galveston Island was indeed built in a
  strategic alignment, and for philanthropical and frequencial purpose. One
  unit is an aquarium housing Master Dolphins, another is a bio rainforest
  with a geological cave containing massive clusters of quartz crystal, and
  the third is an academic museum pyramid, glassed in copper tone silicate.
  Appropriately constructed and spiritually intended pyramids on the Earth
  plane become living conscious energies, capable of myriad properties that
  are unrecognized or disavowed by your mainstream academia. And while the
  intent for which they are employed affects the interface of these conscious
  living geometric batteries, their very design will not allow for denser
  energies to culminate or expand within them. Yet when approached with
  appropriate intent, the energy within pyramids stores, amplifies and
  transmits energy in a manner similar to Phi Crystal Quartz.
  According to how they are aligned both terrestrially and celestially they
  can create electromagnetic anomalies, an aspect that alters gravity and
  dimensional time. Both weightlessness and a time distortion occur at


20120225-The Cosmic Trigger. Part 2.-1112.html[12/03/2022 10:31:16]
The Cosmic Trigger. Part 2.

  specific frequencies within them, both slowing and accelerating light and
  fluxing the ionic ratios within and around them.
  The triangulation of both Giza and Moody enable a unification and support of
  what occurs in the primary unit. In Giza it is the Great Pyramid, the Kings
  Pyramid. In Moody it is the Blue Pyramid.
  What Will Happen on May 20th, 2012
  The Ring of Fire Annual Eclipse of May 20, 2012 will have a unique sound
  embedded energy that will be specifically received at Moody Gardens Pyramids
  and the Giza Pyramids in Egypt. The energy of the final wave of the Cosmic
  Trigger is Feminine in resonance. It will serve to balance the areas of the
  earth that are in masculine imbalance. Both Egypt and Texas are examples of
  such imbalance. While there are indeed pockets within of lighter more
  balanced energy, the overriding imbalance still creates a dense field in the
  industrial complexes and patriarchal Southern B-ble-Belt'.
  The influx of the Feminine will greatly aid in the balance. Keep in mind it
  is not the Feminine or the Masculine that is required for the Earth, rather
  the balance of the two, in order to move into non polarity realms.
  The Moody Pyramids will play an extremely important role (as will GIZA) in
  achieving this balance. Yet it will take many linear years to achieve.
  Though Cosmically we tell you it will indeed occur, and the anchoring of the
  Ring of Fire makes it so.
  Those of you that are the 'Code Carriers' play a specific role in
  disseminating the new balance. Well to visit both Giza and Moody in 2012 and
  2013. Carry a tuning fork of F# (F-Sharp) for its resonance opens the
  gateways within.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.               johnfw@mlode.com


20120225-The Cosmic Trigger. Part 2.-1112.html[12/03/2022 10:31:16]
