{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T20:26:51Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29536, "source_ctime_ns": 1790734512186556505, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120310-This-World-Will-Change.-Part-3.-61025.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790734512175293311, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120310-This-World-Will-Change.-Part-3.-61025.pdf", "source_sha256": "52957e8e63705427c2f52361491f984882fe03e8b1feebbfe165e13cae31806b"}

This World Will Change. Part 2.


  Subject: This World Will Change. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 10/03/2012, 06:26
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: This World Will Change.                   Part 2.
  Mar. 9, 2012.
    The TV show that the space people recommend we watch called
  "Being Human" will be shown on Monday, Mar. 12, 2012 at 9:00 PM on
  channel 13 the sy/fy channel in the Calif. area. It may be shownd at
  a different time in other areas.
  ........................................................
  ........................................................
  I want you to watch some countries. I don't have a clock [this statement is
  Kryon telling us that there is no time frame on his side of the veil, only
  potentials]. I'll just tell you, it's imminent [in S-irit's timing, this
  could mean as soon as a decade]. I want you to watch some countries
  carefully for changes. You're going to be seeing changes that are obvious,
  and some that are not obvious [covert or assumptive]. But the obvious ones
  you will see sooner than not - Cuba, Korea [North], Iran, of course, and
  Venezuela. I want you to watch what happens when they start to realize that
  they don't have any more allies on Earth! Even their brothers who used to
  support them in their h-tred of some are saying, "Well, perhaps not anymore.
  It doesn't seem to be supporting us anymore." Watch the synchronicities that
  are occurring. The leaders who have either d-ed or are going to in the next
  year or so will take with them the old ways. Watch what happens to those who
  take their place, and remember these meetings where I described these
  potentials to you.
  The Old Energy is Alive, But Not Happy
  I want to tell you something: Old energy d-es kicking and screaming. Old
  energy does not surrender, ever. Old energy simply dies hard and slow. There
  will be hold-outs for a long time. There will be those who are convinced
  that the only way to get what they want is to create drama, w-r, and f-ar.
  They continue to want to spring up in places you felt were safe, and to pull
  you backwards with them. They ha-e the fact that the earth is going soft on
  them, and they continue to rattle their sabers, make threats, and make news
  doing it. They're not the majority, Human Being, but often they are the
  loudest. When you walk around in perfect health and you are feeling great
  except for your sore toe, what do you think about? Your SORE TOE! So then
  you watch your media talk about sore toes for endless hours, and you get
  depressed. I know you understand the metaphor.
  The Weather... Again
  My partner has been "against the grain" in the past years, giving you what I
  have ch-nnelled about the weather. Is it global warming? No. Is it going to
  get better? No. This is a two-generation cycle. There will continue to be
  earthquakes, tsunamis, volcanoes, and storms. This is a recalibration of
  life in the ocean, and humanity must go through this in any way they can.
  This is a cycle, a known and expected one, but since you haven't gone
  through it in modern times, it's not well understood yet.
  I would like to tell you that you have the same intuitive equipment like the
  animals do, to keep you safe in the right place at the right time. Yet you
  don't believe it. Oh, you'll use the Parking Angel, but not the Life Angel.
  The little stuff is easy for you, but the big stuff is a mystery. It's the
  same process, "Dear Spi-it, where should I live? Dear Spiri-, where should I
  go?" -pirit is right there answering, and you perceive it as intuition. But
  the first thing you do is to say, "Naw. That's me talking. No, I'm waiting
  for the voice in the sky. Sorry." You still don't understanding that that is
  how G-d speaks to individuals - through the little voice that holds your
  hand and is the first intuitive impression after a question.
  Sometimes you get your answer before the question is asked because we know
  you're asking it. Sometimes we're so anxious to give you the answer, so
  excited that you would even ask, that it comes even before you ask, way
  before. This is guidance. That's what to expect. It comes with the territory
  of a rejuvenation of the planet and this is the year it starts being
  enhanced. Now, are you going to receive it or throw it away since "you"
  thought of it?
  The R-velations to Come in Physics
  Now, let's talk physics because we now can reveal some things, beautiful
  things, that are starting to occur in science and are starting to be seen
  and partially understood. What you have before you, the gentleman sitting on
  the floor, is Yawee. I know him well.
  [Kryon is speaking now about Dr. Todd O-okaitys, M.D., DNA researcher and
  member of the Kryon team, who sits on the floor in this live session. Dr.


20120310-This World Will Change. Part 3.-61025.html[12/03/2022 10:31:22]
This World Will Change. Part 2.

  Ov-kaitys has been identified by Kryon in the past as a great Lemurian
  scientist and keeper of the truths within the Lemurian Temple of
  R-juvenation, discussed in 1994 in Kryon Book Two.]
  It's interesting, is it not, what the Akashic memory banks bring forward
  within a Human? Your Akash is s-ul memory designed to release information
  about your Akash as the energy of the earth changes to a measurement where
  it's appropriate to begin a process of re-elation. Nikola Tesla created
  massless objects in his laboratory - what you would call anti-gravity. He
  knew how to transmit electricity wirelessly (by the way, through the ground,
  not the air), through the earth (not the atmosphere), and he was frustrated
  he could not prove it better. The technology was not there, but more than
  that, the energy of the planet, consciously, was not ready for him. He could
  not get past the barrier of the belief of others. By the way, he's back and
  so is Einstein and you'll know them when you see what they're up to.
  The energy of your time is now appropriately ready for some of the theories
  that were before their time, which were just as accurate then as they are
  now. Watch for entirely new science to suddenly erupt with solutions for
  problems that you have been working on for years, solutions where you say,
  "Why didn't they think of that before?"
  Expect cold fusion, by the way. I've told you this before. The experiment
  with cold fusion was accurate [speaking of the much-discounted P-nds and
  F-eshman experiment in the past]. The experimenters could not repeat their
  discovery because they were not aware of the attribute of magnetics that was
  influencing their experiment [which was done in a basement with the electric
  utility panels around them]. They thought it was simple chemistry. It
  wasn't. It was an accidental discovery of physics that remains a mystery at
  the moment, but that combines chemistry with magnetics, which few are
  trying. The same thing happened to Tesla, where he was actually able to
  observe an object fly off the bench, but really didn't know why. He knew it
  had to do with the design of magnetics, but couldn't begin to do the design
  with the tools and technology of the day. Can you imagine such a thing? Now
  you understand his depression. Such is the way advancement often happens on
  the planet.
  A Conversation with Yawee [The Name for Dr. Todd]
  Todd is here and in this new energy his Lemurian Akash is starting to reveal
  what he knows. The energy moves forward and releases engrams into his
  consciousness. He doesn't get everything all at once, none of you do. The
  vision that he had started his quest, [speaking of his DNA vision years
  ago], but he is now remembering items that are being released to him little
  by little.
  My messages to Yawee about his profound pineal tonings did not come from the
  ethers. He already knew it. But let us say, he needed a prodding so that he
  would match the clock of 2012. [Laughter] And it had worked and he will be
  ready on time. But he knew this information already. He already had the
  inkling and perception of the tones put together, because he knows about the
  cycle of physics that nobody talks about... and so we will today.
  The Temple of Re-uvenation
  As Yawee, Todd ran something called the Temple of Rejuve-ation in Lemuria.
  There were attempts to recreate it in Atlantis much, much later, but that
  didn't work because Yawee wasn't there. Yawee had an attribute that the
  Lemurians knew was unusual, and that was that he lived three times the
  lifetime span that they did. So he had within him some s-crets about energy,
  and specifically DNA. In the Temple of Rejuven-tion, he had discovered
  something that is in the works of being discovered right now. I don't have a
  clock. How s-on? You'll see.
  So I address Yawee now in order to continue the teaching: Good morning,
  Yawee.
  [Note that the time of day is irrelevant, seeing as how this meeting was
  approaching 5 p.m. Many never noticed this. It's Kryon humor.]
  Todd: Good day, Magnetic M-ster.
  We've spoken before. We've done it like this and we've done it in private.
  You're not being put on the spot, for we always give these discussions in
  appropriate love, just in order to perhaps press issues that are already
  there, so they match your clock [again, speaking of the 3D time we have].
  What do you remember about the Temple of Rejuve-ation that comes to you in
  certain aspects? Do you remember what the energies were there?
  Todd: There was the use of the intrinsic magnetic core of the earth that was
  especially concentrated in certain areas and was further augmented by
  altitude.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120310-This World Will Change. Part 3.-61025.html[12/03/2022 10:31:22]
