{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T09:06:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 47321, "source_ctime_ns": 1790666321249932430, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120119-Why-Do-We-Have-Chemtrails.-Part-1-and-2.-1053.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790666321247039850, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120119-Why-Do-We-Have-Chemtrails.-Part-1-and-2.-1053.pdf", "source_sha256": "27ffa3c064df52d83e4d3e971300da06a01543e93d8624bb25597fc201bf7443"}

Why Do We Have Chemtrails. Part 1 and 2.


  Subject: Why Do We Have Chemtrails. Part 1 and 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 19/01/2012, 22:59
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Why Do We Have Chemtrails?
  Jan. 19, 2012.
    Seems like everytime we have a problem, we have Mr. X. too come along
  and explain what is causing it.
  ..........................................................................
  ..........................................................................
  Subject: The Chemtrail Business
  From: The Real Mr. X <peterakir....@gmail.com>
  Date: Thu, Jan 12, 2012
  Subject: MedicalConspiracies- The Chemtrail Business
  To: MedicalConspiracies <medicalconspiracies@googlegroups.com>
     The spraying itself is carried out by the U.S. m-litary; probably
  the Air F-rce. The orders mostly come from Wall Street. The mi-itary
  man or men in charge of the operation take(s) orders from an
  i-telligence agency. The people giving orders from the in-elligence
  agency's headquarters are taking orders from Wall Street. To make a
  buck, energy companies, insurance companies, big b-nks and other
  catastrophe reinsurance and weather derivatives market players direct
  the mil-tary in their chemtrail spraying activities. Ultimately, the
  taxpayer pays for it all through bailouts. Geoengineers serve as
  consultants to both intelligence agencies and the mili-ary.
       This is the theory I am entertaining.                    Do you care to join me?
  OWNing the Weather:
     Let us first address my assertion that the spraying is carried out
  by our mili-ary. We will refer to the seminal document 'Weather as a
  Force Multiplier: Owning the Weather in 2025' released by the U.S.
  Department of De-ense at the behest of the Air Fo-ce in August of
  1996. The authors examine how stratospheric aerosols (chemtrails) can
  be used in conjunction with other ground and space based technologies
  to modify weather.
     The document mostly speaks to milit-ry combat applications, but
  there are some very interesting quotes. Here's one, "In the Un-ted
  States, weather-modification will likely become a part of national
  se-urity policy with both domestic and international applications."
  I'd like to hear more about those 'domestic applications'.
     Or, how about this one, "Between now and 2005, technological
  advances in meteorology and the demand for more precise weather
  information by global businesses will lead to the successful
  identification and parameterization of the major variables that affect
  weather." One of those 'global businesses' wouldn't happen to be
  E-ron, would it?
     I find this choice of title very interesting. Why did they choose
  the word 'own' to describe their objectives? Of course, you cannot
  own the weather. Can you own the Sun? The title is a non sequitur.
  The word 'own' implies material gain, therefore using the word 'own'
  makes sense if chemtrails are sprayed for financial gain. 'Own' is
  'nwo' backwards. 'NWO' is an acronym for 'New -orld Order'.
     It is not surprising to see that the Air For-e produces much of
  our mi-itary's weather information and related services. These
  activities logically fall under their jurisdiction. The Air Fo-ce
  maintains the Air Fo-ce Weather Agency, which states it's purpose as
  delivering, "...accurate, relevant, and timely environmental
  information, products, and services, anywhere in the world."
     For more evidence that our mil-tary is spraying us, see my paper
  'Chemtrails Exposed'.
       http://theintelhub.com/2011/10/10/chemtrails-exposed/


20120119-Why Do We Have Chemtrails. Part 1 and 2.-1053.html[12/03/2022 10:31:04]
Why Do We Have Chemtrails. Part 1 and 2.

     Don't get me wrong. I'm not knocking our entire mili-ary or the
  entire Air F-rce. I realize that mili-aries and air for-es are
  necessary things. My targets are those individuals inside these
  organizations who have not been true to their purpose and hide it all
  from their brothers and sisters.
     If any of the mi-itary chemtrail sprayers are reading this, I urge
  you, please! Stop the insanity! We're all being m-rdered. How much
  money would you accept for your eyes? Only the d-vil has such
  outrageous demands! You are offering your s-ul. For what? D-ath?
  There is still time. Repent!
  The Catastrophe Reinsurance Market:
     In my previous paper 'Chemtrails and Weather Derivatives', I gave
  an overview of the weather derivatives market. I speculated that
  chemtrail spraying is due to people manipulating that market.
       http://theintelhub.com/2011/11/07/chemtrails-and-weather-derivatives/
     I have since learned of another financial market which rises and
  falls with the weather; the 'catastrophe reinsurance' market. Thanks
  goes to the Intel Hub commenter calling himself 'W.C. Re-bak'.
     The weather derivatives market and the catastrophe reinsurance
  markets are part of a larger market known as the 'Alternative Risk
  Transfer' market. The Alternative Risk Transfer market is an
  insurance market. 'Risk transfer' is insurance.
     The catastrophe reinsurance market involves more money than the
  weather derivatives market... how much more? While the Weather Risk
  Management Association recently pegged the value of the global weather
  derivatives market at about $12B, industry player Ne-hila Capital's
  website states, "The amount of notional exposure that trades in the
  catastrophe reinsurance market each year is approximately $200B." Now
  we're talking about your 'disaster capitalism' industry!
     2011 was a big year for the catastrophe reinsurance market. In
  September of 2011, the industry's biggest broker Guy C-rpenter
  released a report stating, "The devastating earthquakes in New Zealand
  and Japan, along with damaging tornadoes and floods in the Uni-ed
  States and Australia, have resulted in insured losses of around 70
  billion so far this year."
     Financial market deregulation enabled the existence of today's
  catastrophe reinsurance and weather derivatives markets. The repeal
  of Glass-St-agall was key. Here is a passage from a book by industry
  insider Erik Ba-ks, "In the US, product and market convergence has
  been aided by the passage of the 1999 Financial Mo-ernization Act
  (i.e., the Gramm-Le-ch-Biley Act), which eliminated the 1933 Glass-
  Ste-gall Act and Depression-era legislation that prohibited banks and
  insurance companies from encroaching on each other's territory." When
  Mr. Ban-s refers to 'convergence', he's writing about money pouring
  into the insurance industry from the ba-king industry.
     According to Mr. Ban-s, for tax and regulatory reasons, many
  catastrophe reinsurance industry participants choose to domicile in
  countries such as: Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, the British Virgin
  Islands, Luxembourg and Ireland.
     The catastrophe reinsurance market consists of -anks, insurance
  companies, hedge funds and related financial sector businesses. None
  of the material I read mentioned any retail investor participation.
  This is a professional insurance market.
     Although industry consolidation remains a trend, related financial
  sector businesses such as B-rmuda Transformers are needed to perform
  specific functions such as converting derivative instruments into
  reinsurance contracts. Brokers negotiate deals. The biggest brokers
  are W-llis Group Holdings and Guy Car-enter & Company.
     The ban-s provide the capital. Through debt, they own everything
  including the catastrophe reinsurance market. They're here to get
  their cut. Don't ask too many questions, capich? I'm not exactly
  sure which ban-s are funding this industry. Details are sketchy. I
  couldn't find anybody compiling these numbers. The banks probably
  don't release sufficient numbers.
     In this scenario, it makes sense that the catastrophe reinsurance
  market participants from the ba-king sector be big and corrupt. They
  need to be big because a lot of money is required. They need to be


20120119-Why Do We Have Chemtrails. Part 1 and 2.-1053.html[12/03/2022 10:31:04]
Why Do We Have Chemtrails. Part 1 and 2.

  corrupt because the situation I'm proposing is a genocidal rip-off.
  Those qualifications lead you to the usual suspects: Bank of A-erica,
  JP Mo-gan Chase, Ci-ibank and the rest. If you don't know that the
  big banks are corrupt by now, may G-d have mercy on your s-ul.
     Hedge funds such as Nephi-a Capital are here to play. Also, big
  ba-ks have internal hedge funds which apparently play the catastrophe
  reinsurance market. I find it quite odd that these people bet big
  money on something as unpredictable as the weather. Maybe I just
  think too much.
     Insurance companies are here because they originated the market.
  Insurance companies sell catastrophe reinsurance contracts and
  securities. These names keep coming up: S-iss Reinsurance America
  Corporation, M-nich Re America, Corp. and XL R-insurance America,
  Inc..
     In a completely unrelated note, industry heavyweight Marsh &
  M-Lennan (who owns the industry's biggest American broker Guy
  Ca-penter) had all their World Trade Tower offices wiped out on 9/11.
  You see, Marsh & McLen-an occupied floors 93-100. On the day of 9/11,
  the first plane completely gutted floors 93-99; k-lling every person
  on all of those floors. Maybe somebody wanted to make sure certain
  people were taken care of. Maybe the target was some people on the
  96th floor; which was direct center. Maybe guys from Afghanistan who
  didn't know how to fly did it. Maybe it was Bigfoot, the Tooth Fairy
  or a purple dinosaur. 9/11 was an outside job and chemtrails do not
  exist. I digress.
  It's All About the Weather Modification:
     The Air Fo-ce 'Owning the Weather' report shows that chemtrails
  are sprayed as part of a weather modification system employing ground
  and space based monitoring and support. The Air Fo-ce says this
  weather modification system is capable of steering, suppressing and
  intensifying storms.
  Part 1.
  John Winston.   johnfw@mlode.com
  Subject: Why Do We Have Chemtrails?                    Part 2.                   Jan. 19,
  2012.
     This explains how they get away with doing chemtrails.
  ...............................................................
  ...............................................................
     Spraying stratospheric aerosols is known to have an effect on
  weather. Geoengineers would not be proposing such activities if it
  didn't. Weather modification is their stated objective. Geo-Engineer
  Hui S- was recently quoted as saying, "So, if you put an aerosol in
  the stratosphere, I am sure that it will have a strong relative impact
  on the full clouds. Because those aerosols make sediments into the
  upper troposphere, then they will impact the temperature, water vapor
  (and) other clouds... We found that they do have a lot of impact on
  the precipitation and cloud systems and local temperature."
     If a b-nk or insurance company wants to position themselves to
  gain a whole lot of money in the case of a series of catastrophic
  hurricanes in a particular region, let's say, or a certain region
  suffering a sustained draught or floods or tornadoes or earthquakes,
  that's what the catastrophe reinsurance market is for. Weather
  modification systems either can or have been speculated to produce all
  these 'natural' disasters.
     The g-vernment reports such as 'Weather as a Force Multiplier:
  Owning the Weather 2025' and geoengineers themselves say weather
  modification systems can produce hurricanes, draughts and floods.
  Although I don't remember any geoengineer ever mentioning that weather
  modification systems can produce tornadoes, it has at least been
  speculated that these types of systems can do so. It seems like
  something a system like this would be able to do. There has been much
  speculation about how the High Frequency Active -uroral Research
  Program (H.-.A.R.P.), used in conjunction with chemtrails, can produce
  earthquakes.
     The greater effect you have on the weather, the greater effect you
  can have in the catastrophe reinsurance market.
  Who pays for all this?:


20120119-Why Do We Have Chemtrails. Part 1 and 2.-1053.html[12/03/2022 10:31:04]
Why Do We Have Chemtrails. Part 1 and 2.


     So right about now, you may be wondering, "Where does the money
  come from?" As usual, you can look in the mirror.
     Most big insurance companies do catastrophe reinsurance business
  with insurance companies they own called 'captives'. I use the terms
  'insurance' and 'reinsurance' here interchangeably because they are
  both essentially the same thing. Insurance companies claim that when
  their subsidiary (captive) sells them an insurance contract or
  s-curity, the insurance company and it's subsidiary are counterparties
  in that transaction.
     Welcome to the insane world of a f-scist system masquerading as a
  free market. When a dog services himself, is there a chance that he
  may generate offspring? Does a snake benefit greatly by eating it's
  own tail? I'm sure the geniuses on Wall Street would inform me that
  I've got it all wrong and that 'financial innovation' is great, but I
  don't consider it progress when I sell something to myself. Keeping
  it all in the family is also a good way to hide things.
     The insurance company's real counterparties are the ban-s that own
  the insurance company through debt.
     The insurers collude with their banker counterparties to make sure
  that most of the losses end up with the -ank and then, when the ba-k
  becomes insolvent, the ban- gets taken over or bailed out. Most
  employees get s-rewed, but who cares? The big boys get their usual
  gargantuan bonuses and golden parachutes. If the losses end up with
  the insurer, they get taken over or, as in the case of AIG, bailed
  out. This way, the losses always end up on the backs of the
  taxpayer.
     This is the strategy, people. It's tried, tested and true. If
  you are unaware of the long history of ba-ks and other financials
  being in the business of getting bailed out, I suggest you read Ed
  G-iffin's 'The Creature from Jekyll Island'. The bank-r bailouts of
  three years ago (which continue to this day) are well known.
  O-amacare is cover for the insurance industry bailout. Through F-MA,
  the f-deral go-ernment sells flood insurance.
     Harvard professor and catastrophe reinsurance industry insider
  Kenneth F-oot writes, "Ex-post financing of catastrophes occurs when
  other parties step in to transfer funds to those who experienced event
  losses. Chief among these entities is, of course, the US go-ernment.
  As is well known, the gov-rnment has a major role in funding disasters
  at both state and federal levels, through a number of agencies, and
  through both the executive and legislative branches. Since the late
  1970s, the Fe-eral gove-nment has spent annually an average of $8
  billion (current) dollars on disaster assistance. This is far greater
  than the average annual loss born by reinsurers on US catastrophe
  coverage. In some forms of disasters, notably floods, the feder-l
  governme-t has electively eliminated the incentive for private
  insurance contracts. Indeed, before the -ederal -overnment stepped in
  to provide disaster relief, private insurers did offer flood
  insurance.
     "The f-deral go-ernment is not the only entity involved in ex-post
  financing of catastrophes. State guarantee funds are often the next
  line of defense if an insurer is unable to meet its policy liabilities.
  And if the state fund is exhausted, then solvent insurance companies
  are often required to make up the difference."
  Wall Street and Intelligence Agencies:
     My proposed scenario entails the need for liaisons between the
  mili ary and Wall Street. These liaisons or 'buffers' are supplied by
  Western in-elligence agencies. Their criminal buffering activities
  consist of collecting Wall Street's requests, obtaining se-urity
  clearances and other authorizations, sanitizing information, inserting
  their own instructions and ultimately providing the milit-ry with
  detailed chemtrail spraying orders. These activities are consistent
  with typical Western intelligence agency operations.
     An intelligence agency is involved because it is advantageous to
  both Wall Street and the milit-ry to not know who exactly is on the
  other end of their transactions. The i-telligence agency's activities
  increase anonymity which may ultimately shield individuals from
  prosecution should their activities become exposed. Criminals require
  buffers. Or as Willi Cicci said in The Godfather Part 2, "The family
  had a lot of buffers."
       An in-elligence agency is also needed as a liaison because they


20120119-Why Do We Have Chemtrails. Part 1 and 2.-1053.html[12/03/2022 10:31:04]
Why Do We Have Chemtrails. Part 1 and 2.

  can determine how the day to day operations should go on so as to not
  jeopardize the overall program. In other words, they make sure the
  day to day operations are conducted in such a fashion as to keep the
  operation as se-ret as possible.
     An intelligence agency can also direct the finer points of
  spraying. The finer points would include spraying chemtrails as a
  psychological operation. The people ordering from Wall Street are not
  concerned with the psy-operational aspects of chemtrail spraying.
     An example of chemtrail spraying as a psychological operation
  might be a single chemtrail sprayed in a sky otherwise devoid of
  chemtrails. A single chemtrail will not have a significant effect on
  weather, but the purpose of this might be to make people think that
  white lines in the sky are normal. There is a better chance that
  people may only subconsciously notice a single white line in the sky
  rather than a whole grid which may be consciously noticed. If a
  person only subconsciously notices something many times, that
  phenomenon becomes subconsciously registered as normal. Intelligence
  agencies such as the CI- are ma-ters of subliminal manipulations.
     Int-lligence agencies are also needed here to provide the
  operation with cover and protection. In the information w-r, cover
  comes in the form of media dis/misinformation. Cover also comes in
  the form of providing sec-rity and maintainance at the various
  chemtrail spray plane facilities scattered around North America. The
  protection comes in the form of cars being ran off roads or black
  uniformed t-ugs with automatic firearms kicking your door in at
  5:00AM. Protection also comes in the form of legal intimidation.
  Western intell-gence agencies have people to do all these things and
  more... oh so much more!
  The Role of Geo-Engineers:
     Geo-Engineers, in this scenario, would be needed to serve dual
  purposes as advisors to both the mi-itary and Wall Street.
     Either directly or indirectly through an intel-igence agency, geo-
  Engineers would need to consult the commander(s) of the mi-itary spray
  operation(s). A highly scientific operation such as this requires
  professional scientific advice.
     In this scenario, geo-engineers would also need to be in contact
  with Wall Street via intel-igence agencies. The financial market
  players from Wall Street need detailed information about exactly how
  the weather may be modified in any given situation. The geo-engineers
  tell intelligence agencies what is possible. Intellig-nce agencies
  relay this information to Wall Street. Acting upon the buffered
  advice, the financial sector participants decide what they want and
  then give their orders back to the intelli-ence agency who, in turn,
  gives the mi-itary their orders.
  Conclusions:
     This proposed scenario is insurance fraud; plain and simple. It
  may be institutionalized, systematic, industrial strength insurance
  fraud foisted upon the taxpayers instead of onto an insurance company,
  but insurance fraud nonetheless. The people have become the insurer
  of all the 'too big to fail' corporations. We have b-nks paying big
  money for stuff designed to become worthless so that the bought and
  paid for go-ernment will wring it out of the taxpayers. In the
  meantime, they're going to create a catastrophe. They get away with
  it all because everybody thinks their man-made disasters are random
  acts of G-d.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20120119-Why Do We Have Chemtrails. Part 1 and 2.-1053.html[12/03/2022 10:31:04]
