{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T13:33:16Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29619, "source_ctime_ns": 1790688412035728394, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120606-Adama.-1315-175be735a3.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790688411961652256, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120606-Adama.-1315-175be735a3.pdf", "source_sha256": "cdf6de1aa93b4ae77914f68b6c40fa70839a49770eede438cc0b762b03a9db0b"}

Adama.


  Subject: Adama.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 06/06/2012, 05:57
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Adama.
  June 5, 2012.
    Here is something about Adama, a very nice man from inside
  Mt. Shasta who sometime makes his appeance in physical form
  to people. I just got this off of goggle.com by putting in the word
  Adama and got the following information. This is old information
  and some of these web sites and people may have passed away.
  You'll know you have the right information if it shows a painting
  of Adama looking he like he is 17 years old but is over 600 years
  old.
  ..........................................
  ..........................................
  Greetings from Adama of Telos
  c-anneled by L-ilel
  Greetings from Telos! I AM ADAMA, Ascended Master and High
  Priest of Telos, a subterranean City beneath Mt. Shasta in
  California (USA).
  I am dictating this message to you from my home beneath the
  Earth, where over a million of us live in perpetual peace and
  prosperity.
  We are human and physical just as you, except for the fact that
  our mass consciousness holds thoughts of only Immortality
  and Perfect Health.
         Therefore, we can live hundreds and even thousands of
  years in the same body. I, myself, have been in the same body
  now for over 600 years.
  We came here over 12,000 years ago before a thermonuclear
  w-r took place that destroyed the Earth's surface. We faced
  such hardships and calamities above ground, that we decided
  to continue our e-olution underground - We had hoped to save
  all our Lemurian people, but there was only time to save 25
  thousand s-uls. The remainder of our r-ce perished in the
  blast.
  For the past 12,000 years, we have been able to rapidly
  ev-lve in consciousness due to our isolation from the
  marauding bands of extraterrestrials and other hostile
  rac-s that prey on the surface population. The surface
  population has been experiencing great leaps of
  consciousness in preparation for humanity to move through
  the photon belt.
       It is for this reason that we have begun to contact
  surface dwellers to make our existence known. For in
  order for the Earth and Humanity to continue to ascend in
  consciousness, the whole planet must be united and merged
  into ONE Light from below and ONE Light from above.
  It is for this reason that we are contacting you to make
  you aware of our underground existence, so you can
  bring the fact of our existence to the attention of our
  fellow brothers and sisters above ground.
  ----------------
  We broadcast to you from beneath Mt. Shasta in California
  where over a million of us dwell. We are very evol-ed beings,
  living many lifetimes in one. We go about our business in
  harmony and love, and reap many benefits that accrue
  during our long life spans. Our lives span many centuries of
  your time on the surface, therefore, we're able to accomplish
  much more in our lives. We can use all our lives to our
  benefit because we are able to go back to our previous lives
  through our amino based computer system to recall the past..
  This is a technology that we, from the underground, will be
  bringing to your surface when we emerge. Connecting to
  your past lives and learning from your life's lessons is
  necessary to this current i-carnation. So be prepared for
  this great adventure of tapping into you past lives.


20120606-Adama.-1315.html[12/03/2022 10:32:58]
Adama.

  --------
  You, too, will be living long lives when you enter the photon
  belt of Light and receive its life rays of health and longevity.
  There is nothing to prepare for, since you will be aided
  fully before this time of entry arrives. Know that you are
  on Earth at this time to assist all of humanity with its entry
  into the Photon Belt. All s-uls in-arnating at this time
  have done so with full understanding of what is to happen.
  That's why there are so many people on Earth today, more
  than there ever was, because all sou-s want to be involved
  in these "End Times". Also so-ls who ever inc-rnated in
  Earth have returned. You are one such sou-.
        These End Times can be met with harmony and joy,
  or f-ar and chaos. The choice is yours.
  We recommend that you view this with your eyes turned
  to G-d, while your feet walk the Earth; for Go- is in full
  command of everything and you are all in His hands.
  There is nothing to fea-, only joy and immense
  well-being will be the result of Earth's transition into
  the Light.
  --------
  It is I, ADAMA, here to speak to you about TWIN FLAMES.
  Know that your twin flames are near, as near to you as
  your heart, and they wait patiently for you to contact
  them, for you to connect consciously with them on the
  Earth plane.
  You have come to Earth with a purpose and with a mission
  to complete.
  The purpose is not an individualized one, but rather one in
  which your Twin Flame is an integral part. You and your
  twin flame contracted for this particular mission at this
  particular inca-nation in time.
  You both have a part to play, a role to carry out, and at
  this time it is necessary for both you and your Twin
  Flame to consciously connect with one another for the
  dual purpose of reuniting and completing this mission. For
  this is the way you work best.. Most of your Twin Flames
  are in the fifth dimension, guiding you from above. It is
  your advantage to ch-nnel your Twin Flame for
  instructions and guidance specifically for you.. You
  already know your Twin Flame on the Inner Planes. Now
  is the time to bring that consciousness into your present
  reality.
  ---------
  The time is coming when our two great civilizations will
  merge.
  Where all technology will be ONE peaceful technology of
  life-giving substance - holding together the fabric of form
  necessary to create and satisfy our needs... If you are
  interested in coming to Telos at night during your sleep
  state, just call on Adama before you go to sleep and
  request admission to Telos, and Adama will receive you.
  You are all Te-epathic Beings, so when you center your
  thoughts on Adama and call to Adama, Adama hears you.
  Know this for a certainty, as our chan-el is just integrating
  this into her consciousness with a certainty. (JW I can't
  say that this really can be done. I've tried it I can't say
  that anything happened but I wasn't aware of it in my
  present mind if it did happen. I say give a try you have
  nothing to loose.)
  -------------
  In Telos, we are all S-iritual Warriors, as you on the
  surface must become. A Sp-ritual Warrior is one who
  acknowledges the light within, and knows that he/she
  is here for the purpose of bringing in more light to the
  Earth. So you are all here to bring in the Light. You
  do this by focusing on the Light, always, and never
  letting it drift away from you.
  Visualize the light as waves from the ocean, always
  coming in to you, and washing out the darkness. You
  are all great Light Beings who have come to Earth,
  just as Adama has, to reunite all humanity into ONE


20120606-Adama.-1315.html[12/03/2022 10:32:58]
Adama.

  HUMAN FAMILY.
  Adama has gained much wisdom from his extended
  life in Telos, and would like to impart this wisdom to
  others who wish to learn from him.
  Adama is currently conducting classes on the Inner
  Planes at night. If you'd like to register for these
  classes, just petition Adama before you go to bed at
  night asking to be his student. Adama will teach you
  mastery of yourself on all levels of existence.
  Adonai my Beloved.
  ADAMA
  Thank you Lailel for sharing this with us. Dianne's
  two books are THE CALL GOES OUT from the
  Subterranean City of Telos and THE CALL GOES OUT
  from the Earth's Cetaceans. Send Lailel (Dianne Robbins)
  e-mail at:
  lailel@aol.com or visit
  http://www.onelight.com/
  for further information on these two books.
  http://www.salemctr.com/newage.html
  Salem New A-e Center
  John Winston.         johnfw@mlode.com


20120606-Adama.-1315.html[12/03/2022 10:32:58]
