{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:06:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33223, "source_ctime_ns": 1790675859306583235, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120709-DNA.-61274.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790675859258186957, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120709-DNA.-61274.pdf", "source_sha256": "03f9cd368eb02ab9057615aee9ba24b13f93def3a1911ee2a3b200f3f905e338"}

Words From Matthew. Part 2 of 2.


  Subject: Words From Matthew. Part 2 of 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 09/07/2012, 06:32
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area51

  Subject: Words From Matther. Part 2 of 2.                        July 8, 2012.
    This says there are strange looking beings livings that may
  be stepping out of alien space crafts but they won't reveal
  themselves, as to what they look like till a later time.
  ...............................................................
  ...............................................................
  19.
  Now then, during the short time before Earth exits third density,
  the remaining dark ones will make last gasp efforts to cling to
  their remnants of influence and vast fortunes. Blatant l-ing by
  recalcitrant p-liticians will go on for a short while and so will
  people's polarized views about what best serves their personal
  interests. Earth still must release some negativity through
  geophysical events. Those situations, however, have been
  just life for so long that most people are inured to acceptance.
  20.
  What will cause considerable unrest are the shocking truths that
  will be coming forth, and there will be alarm about the high
  number of d-aths as many s-uls leave the planet for one reason
  or another.
  That combination is more than enough for the populace to
  handle emotionally and mentally without adding to the mix of
  strange beings emerging from spacecrafts. It is for that
  reason that the universal high council decided to delay
  landings and the extraterrestrials living among you will delay
  revealing their true identity. The advantages of this
  postponement far outweigh the f-ear that is foreseen by a
  premature introduction of aliens.
  22.
  The council, who are among the most highly e-olved
  so-ls in this universe, reasonably had expected that
  sufficient changes would have taken place by now so
  that members of our universal family would be welcomed
  by Earth's peoples. But the stronghold of the darkness
  has lasted much longer than logically anticipated.
  23.
  The sou-s who had agreed to accept deeply dark roles
  that would offer many millions the chance to complete
  third density karma and then would join the light
  forces, were highly evo-ved so-ls themselves.
  When they entered the agreement, it was with the
  certainty that their sp-ritual fortitude would resist the
  lure of holding to dark ways. Instead, they became
  enchanted with controlling the masses and amassing
  grand wealth, spiraled into the depths of darkness and
  knowingly refused to honor their agreement.
  24.
  Their powerful global network has kept the great majority
  of your population in duality and the mentality that keeps
  minds closed.
  By no means are these people bad they just are stuck in
  third density's limitations. Their bedrock beliefs that
  have been formed by the various methods of mind control
  include the orientation that if any other civilization
  really does exist and ever came to Earth, it would be
  to annihilate the planet's population.
  Even some messages that are tel-pathically ch-nneled,
  or claim to be, state that a civilization pretending to be
  benevolent actually intends to conquer and enslave you.
  Other messages purport that ETs will evacuate you
  prior to the cataclysmic cleansing that will devastate the
  planet, and still others report that degree of devastation


20120709-DNA.-61274.html[12/03/2022 10:33:12]
Words From Matthew. Part 2 of 2.

  but without your rescue. All those kinds of claims are
  designed to create fe-r and all are pure nonsense.
  26.
  That is why we often have urged you to be discerning
  about information from all sources. Ask within and trust
  your intuition to tell you what is true and what is not.
  Developing discernment and learning to trust the
  messages from your sou- to your consciousness not only
  will eliminate unnecessary feelings of -ear, they are
  upward steps in so-l evo-vement.
  27.
  The council knows the collective consciousness of
  Earth's residents, thus they know that the arrival of
  extraterrestrials at this point would panic most people.
  Not only would that create more negativity for Earth
  to get rid of, it would strengthen the dark ones they
  thrive on fe-r energy.
  28.
  At this juncture, it is deemed judicious for you and for
  your brothers and sisters from outer space to meet
  closer to the end of the year, when they can join you
  in full recognition and overtly assist you without any
  lamentable repercussions. However, that timing is not
  set in stone it could be earlier. There is continuous
  monitoring of Earth happenings and how effectively
  the light intensity is raising the collective consciousness,
  and as soon the possibility of widespread fear no longer
  exists, our space family will join you.
  29.
  During the interim they will continue using technology
  aboard their crafts to reduce the toxic effects of
  chemtrails and other pollutants. They will continue
  to level out the effects of earthquakes and soften
  the power of major storms without decreasing the
  amount of negativity released. They will keep on
  causing weaponry to malfunction, blocking the most
  potent aspects of the Il-uminati's weather control
  technology, and destroying their operations in mammoth
  underground facilities. Also with div-ne permission to
  assist you, they can relocate specified individuals who
  refuse to step down from the helm of various activities
  that are against the good of Earth humankind.
  30.
  Knowing about these major leaps forward and other
  marvelous life-changing developments to come, you
  can feel joyous, excited, confident and soundly prepared
  to surmount whatever challenges you may encounter
  during the next few months. And those months will
  seem to fly by your sensation of time passing faster
  and faster will keep increasing as the planet continues
  ascending.
  31.
  If you are experiencing anomalies that you know are
  not symptoms of dis-ase, very likely they are the effects
  of adjusting to the increasingly high energy planes
  Earth is passing through as well as your cells
  transitioning from carbon to crystalline. Soon those
  anomalies will fade away.
  32.
  You are your first responsibility. This is not selfishness
  or egotism, nor is it lack of love and caring for others. It
  is that only you can make decisions that are in line
  with your instincts and intuition, your soul's guidance
  to your consciousness that nudges you into avenues
  that in your s-ul contract you chose to experience during
  this lifetime.
  This may include changes in relationships, employment,
  location, group affiliation or other interests and activities.
  33.
  On a different level, it may be divesting yourself of trivial
  interests and meaningless pursuits and detaching from
  the need to garner material possessions. Earth's Golden
  A-e doesn't include interests, habits, attitudes or


20120709-DNA.-61274.html[12/03/2022 10:33:12]
Words From Matthew. Part 2 of 2.

  behavior that are superficial or in any way hurtful to self
  or others, such as jealousy, envy, self-centeredness,
  spitefulness, bitterness, resentfulness, mean spi-itedness,
  gossiping. If you recognize any of those in yourself, there
  is time to change. Focusing on your life in the wondrous
  Ag- that you are rapidly approaching will enable you to
  embrace others and life itself with love.
  34.
  The goal of every s-ul is to ev-lve sp-ritually and
  intellectually. Pre-birth agreements, which are designed
  for so-l growth of all individuals who want to share the
  lifetime, are made in unconditional love. When you are
  experiencing the karmic lessons you chose, you sense
  that life is flowing smoothly. If heavy restlessness and
  longing for different circumstances arises, it signifies
  that the agreed upon experiencing has been completed
  and it's time to move on to other contract selections.
  In the vibrations of the lighter energy planes Earth has
  reached, both contentment and dissatisfaction are
  magnified let the sensations you feel guide your
  decisions and actions.
  35.
  In the case of extremely difficult situations, the
  consciousness doesn't understand that the
  circumstances are for learning and growing, but the
  -oul knows it is attaining the balance it needs to evo-ve.
  When an individual seriously deviates from contract
  provisions say, by excessive control or cruelty
  beyond what the recipient chose the suffering so-l
  grows by leaps and bounds and the perpetrating
  individual devo-ves. Always, divi-e grace comforts
  and uplifts those who are wrongfully treated that is,
  in harsh ways they didn't choose in s-ul contracts
  and offenders incur karma that is equally difficult to
  endure.
  36.
  Along this line of offenders, it won't be much longer until
  you know who has been arrested for crimes against
  humanity and other deeds that have adversely affected
  life on Earth. These individuals veered far afield from
  their s-ul contracts. Some will be convicted and others
  will d-e before coming to trial, but none will escape
  self-judgment. By the physics that governs life in this
  universe, throughout the life review process in Nirvana,
  they will feel exactly the same pain and anguish as did
  all those whose lives their diabolical deeds affected.
  This excruciating self-punishment process is beyond
  your capacity to imagine, and so is those individuals
  devolved capacity in their next i-carnation.
  37.
  Knowing what lies ahead for them and understanding
  that they are the weakest links in the eternal chain
  that is our sou- family will let you more easily feel
  forgiveness. The high vibrations of forgiveness, like
  all other g-dly expressions, are so-l growth in action.
  38.
  Lighted s-uls throughout this universe are beaming
  love and cheering as you joyously travel this home
  stretch to Earth's Golden -ge.
  Suzanne W-rd
  http://www.matthewbooks.com/
  www.matthewbooks.com
  [NOTE from Suzy: I greatly appreciate the many notes of
  gratitude for these messages and your understanding
  that my inbox is so out of control that I can't reply to
  most emails.
  If this message was forwarded to you and you would
  like to receive future messages directly, please follow
  the instructions at the top of Matthew's Messages page.
  Part 2 of 2.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120709-DNA.-61274.html[12/03/2022 10:33:12]
Words From Matthew. Part 2 of 2.


20120709-DNA.-61274.html[12/03/2022 10:33:12]
