{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T08:20:44Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27333, "source_ctime_ns": 1790668114590684319, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120302-We-May-Get-To-Join-The-Ashtar-Command.-Part-2-of-2.-And-Trip-To-Alice-Ray-s-House.-Part-2.-1121.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790668114566739302, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120302-We-May-Get-To-Join-The-Ashtar-Command.-Part-2-of-2.-And-Trip-To-Alice-Ray-s-House.-Part-2.-1121.pdf", "source_sha256": "c7f4d36f1f34f7026dd6929be06329697fed5edf3419db33c3eea2bbb7a760ec"}

We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command. Part 2 of 2. And Trip To Alice Ray's House. Part 2.


  Subject: We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command. Part 2 of 2. And Trip To Alice Ray's House. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 02/03/2012, 22:51
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command. Part 2 of 2.
  March 2, 2012.
     It may be ultamately up to us to make the changes on this Earth.
  ...................................................................
  ...................................................................
  Some of you may feel certain aspects of your recent experience has been
  nothing more than a waiting game, but we assure you that it is we who have
  been waiting on you. As we have often made very clear, it is your world and
  it is up to you. We are assisting, this is all we have been permitted to do
  and we cannot overstep our bounds. We await you to reach certain levels of
  understanding and consciousness, and we also await certain actions to be
  undertaken by you. Upon the reaching of these milestones, we can then
  assist you to reach another.
  At this present time we are focused on the arrests of the men and women of
  the criminal Cab-l and we await the actions of our human Earth allies in
  the field. Again, you're not waiting on us or our signal that it is time to
  proceed.
  This signal has been given by all parties involved, terrestrial, as well as
  extraterrestrial, and we see the successful implementation of this
  carefully laid plan at any moment. We hope you enjoy this moment, you
  assuredly earned it, and as we have said, this event is merely the
  beginning as the fireworks will continue unrelenting for many months to
  come.
  Your world will experience wonderful advancements throughout this
  period in your history and your world today will barely resemble your
  new Galactic society we will begin to create together. This would
  surely be a wonderful and exciting time to be here, and this is why
  many of you chose to be here today.
  You felt it was worth all what you knew you would have to endure to
  reach this point, and yet you made the decision without hesitation.
  This is what awaits you dear ones.
  It is quite appropriate for you to display a childlike expectation of
  excitement, as this will all be new to you and you have not
  experienced anything new such as this since you were a child. Feel
  free to enjoy this moment and celebrate it, for it has taken you many
  long years to get here and you have earned every part of it.
  Enjoy this moment, for it is your moment, as each and every one
  of you has contributed to your journey in one way or another. Your
  achievement has truly been a team effort, and all deserve to take
  part in your celebration.
  We are your Family of Light from the stars.
  text/html; charset=windows-1252
  Part 2 of 2.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com

  Subject: Trip To Alice Ray's House.                     Part 2.
  April 2, 2012.
    I probably should have called this information, "Alice In Wonderland",
  because so many things can be seen and observed in this area such as:
  1. Bigfoot.
  2. UFOs.
  3. Angels.
  4. The little people, sometimes called "The Peep A Boo People" which
  are leprechauns.
  5. Mysterious Black Panthers.
  6. Bears.
  7. Mountain Lions.


20120302-We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command. Part 2 of 2. And Trip To Alice Ray's House. Part 2.-1121.html[12/03/2022 10:31:18]
We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command. Part 2 of 2. And Trip To Alice Ray's House. Part 2.

  8. And etc. etc.
    When I got to talking with Alicen Ray I suggested that she write a book on
  how to get angels to heal you. She then told me that all you have to do is
  ask. I told her that I had a friend that I would like for her to meet, who
  could possible help her in her work but I told her the lady's name is Debby
  and she is a hippy. She then told me, "Don't you know John, I am a
  flower-child myself". I then added that Debby can see the little people
  called leprechans. She then added that she could see them too.
  ......
  Now to change the subject a little bit, I did contact the person in the
  trailer just to the right of Alice Ray's house. His name is Ron and he is
  the
  person that I gave a ride home on the cold and rainy night a few weeks
  ago. He was very glad ot see me again. I told him that something had
  told me to contact him and answer some questions that he had about life.
  I told him that I had been talking about ESP, UFOs and Bigfoot on the
  Internet. The conversation got around to Chemtrails and he said that
  was the question he wanted to know about. He asked me, "What are
  Chemtrails"? I gave him the following answer:
    On the surface our g-vernment is made up of some pretty nice people
  who we think are in control but behind them are some very bad people
  called "The Se-cret Gov-rnment". They are the big bankers and people
  with a lot of money in banks who actually control things such as starting
  wars and etc. P-esident Ike tried to warn us about them and said for us
  us to be aware of the m-litary industrial complex. These people who
  actually call the shots don't want to have things changed by the
  space people and use jet airplanes to spray us with a substance called
  Chemtrials. They are used to keep us apathetic or dumb and sick so
  we don't have enough energy to resist them. These Chemtails are
  spraying us continually and they are using our tax dollars to pay for
  it.
    Ron then said, to his wife Connie, "That's exactly what I wanted to
  know, you remeber that that one of my kinfolks tried to tell me that."
   He then put out his hand to me and shook my hand. He said, That's
  exactly what I wanted to know, that what you were sent here to
  tell me.
    After that we started to talking about Sasquatch sometimes called
  Bigfoot and I told him I would like to he and his wife to start feeding
  the Saquatch that are in that area. I told him about one of them
  walking through the lighted parking lot in front of Scott's Stawberry
  Store. I also told him about Scott's dressing up his father to look
  like a Sasquatch and putting a hoax story in the Mountain Times
  newspaper. They made up a funny story about it and Scott told
  me that it was his father who was dressed up like a Sasquatch. They
  were just having a little fun.
    Then I told Ron that I would like for him to start putting out
  food such as rainbox trout heads and etc. for the Saqsquatch to
  eat. He asked me why I wanted him to do that. I told him that I
  would like to befriend the Sasquatch so people could get to
  know the Sasquatch and see them personally. He then said that
  he would do this.
    Of course we have to be careful because there are laws that you
  can't feed any wild animals or birds, not even a sparrow.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20120302-We May Get To Join The Ashtar Command. Part 2 of 2. And Trip To Alice Ray's House. Part 2.-1121.html[12/03/2022 10:31:18]
