{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T11:06:47Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31132, "source_ctime_ns": 1790676338131239507, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120222-Jim-Sparks-Abductee.-Part-3.-1105-0c19501814.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790676338124670460, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120222-Jim-Sparks-Abductee.-Part-3.-1105-0c19501814.pdf", "source_sha256": "48477b4cea9451bb5cb50282d0db5ee5cc8cfa463fd9b5fd41b7256c17f7cffb"}

Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 3.


  Subject: Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 3.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 22/02/2012, 05:57
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Jim Sparks, Abductee.                   Part 3.
  Feb. 21, 2012.
    This says that the space people have to ability to go into the past
  or go into the future.
  .................................................................
  .................................................................
  B: Fascinating.
  J: Yes, so they call themselves The Keepers. Now interestingly enough,
  this is why I named the book, "The Keepers". Interestingly enough, was
  that event triggered these weeks of many abductions and following
  sightings, in a phenomenal way, with other individuals and strangers
  that I didn't even know.
  So that really struck me well, because, one thing about this business,
  if you want to call it a business, is it's hearsay. Where it comes to...
  because be real, it's hearsay.
  B: You can't prove a d-mn thing.
  J: Right. However, when you're walking down the beach, and that same
  thing appears in the sky, and there are many people around you, and it's
  over the water and people are jumping up and down in excitement, and
  others are scared, all that took place and several other experiences
  within a three week period. So the name stuck with me because of the
  events that followed and that direct, "The Keepers". So it referred
  to itself as The Keepers.
  B: Very striking. Very appropriate. Where is this going, and is there a
  program on track? From their point of view, if you were their program
  manager, would you feel, okay, we're doing all right here? Or do you
  think that this planet is in trouble and, they're really having to force
  the issue to get whatever it is that they want to accomplished from
  this? What's your take on whether this is working for them?
  J: In general and, not to be somewhat specific and, not too vague
  but somewhat specific.
  B: What's your feeling about where this is going? And why?
  J: Why? Okay. (Laughing) You've got, again, creatures or
  non-human intelligent beings who are again, tens of thousands,
  if not hundreds of thousands of years ahead. Where they would
  be, so to speak, socially and how they behave, and have been
  relative to where we are. They have technology that can take
  them to the past, that can take them to the future. What I'm
  getting, in general, is that we do reach a point, because I don't
  want to be the one that says gloom and doom, and this and
  that, okay? Claiming the end of the world, I stay away from.
  B: But you are also a very honest man in terms of reporting
  what it is that you've perceived.
  J: We do evolve...
  B: Okay.
  J: ...as a species. We do conquer a lot of things, particularly
  dying. We do use the tools for time travel. We do span the
  cosmos to get from point A to point B, without time passing. The
  good news is we do evolve. The unfortunate news is that
  only about a handful of us survive it before we repopulate
  and evolve.
  B: Survive what?
  J: Well, I would suspect very strongly that since the emphasis on
  almost every ET non-human intelligent race and species, is on


20120222-Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 3.-1105.html[12/03/2022 10:31:15]
Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 3.

  our environment, I suspect something bad's gonna happen
  there. However, the push from the future to now is to have
  all six billion of us, at that point close to eight billion of us,
  survive and evolve into the future and into the galactic
  neighborhood. It can be changed.
  B: At what point? You say at "that" point, eight billion. What
  point?
  J: What point in what respect?
  B: Is there a year, do you mean? Or a stage?
  J: Okay, here's a very wise thing.
  B: Okay.
  J: A very, very wise thing. This comes from personal experience,
  and this comes from me seeing the way these guys are, so to
  speak. There's nothing worse, and I am not religious, and
  there's nothing worse than a false prophet, so to speak. Even
  though there's someone who has seen the future - and I
  have - and the way they portrayed it is in ways that I can't
  tell when and what time it is. It's a paradox. But now I'm
  understanding that in the first few years of this I would
  always get the holograms of a different time and place, not
  comprehending what I'm seeing. Now 18-19 years later, I
  realize that I didn't, I couldn't, know what I was seeing and
  when, because I would have interfered with it. I would have
  gotten in my own way with what my place is in this thing.
  And other abductees and so forth.
  B: We want to take a responsible stance in informing people
  with the best data available, from people's testimony, so
  that those who can hear, will hear. Those that can't hear,
  whatever we do, and some people will be able, for them,
  that will be the prompt for them to take responsible action.
  J: Okay.
  B: We're not catastrophists, we're not doom mongers. We're
  not trying to scare anybody.
  J: Right.
  B: We're right with you. We want all of humanity to make it
  all the way through. But if there's anyone watching this
  video now, that says, "my God, you know what, I think I'd
  better pay attention to things I haven't been paying
  attention to before," then we will have done our job.
  J: I do know what to do, in the early aspects of this thing.
  Two things. One is amnesty. Now this is not coming from
  Jim Sparks. This is coming from interaction with these
  beings over many years. Amnesty meaning that there are
  agencies that are sanctioned or not sanctioned, commonly
  refereed to as Black Ops, secret governments, secret
  clubs, call 'em whatever you might want, who have
  contractual interaction, human beings with non-human =
  intelligent species and groups, who have developed in
  line with these creatures, technologies like free energy.
  I don't want to sound like a simpleton here, okay? I'm not
  saying let's all hold hands and buy each other a Coca-Cola,
  and the world is beautiful and we're at peace, and let's all
  sing a song together. I want to be as practical as possible.
  There's nothing wrong with that, but I wanna be practical.
  There are technologies that will change the face of this
  planet, as we know it. And for the first time in the history
  of the human species, we will be able to evolve.
  The problem that the species has, I know I see it in your
  eye, is that we rely too much on outward influence or outside
  sources to save us. As a species we have a very difficult
  time looking inward to ourselves and saying,"it's not gonna
  be God that does it for us". It's not gonna be... I'm not saying
  there's no God, I'm not saying it's not gonna be a Great
  Spirit that's gonna do it for us. It's not gonna be all these
  outside forces. It's us facing ourselves for the first time
  and doing these things ourselves to join the galactic
  neighborhood.


20120222-Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 3.-1105.html[12/03/2022 10:31:15]
Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 3.


  B: We have to be the adults and clean up our own house.
  J: We have to do it. There's, technologies out there that
  exist that are secret, free energy, where we don't have to
  derive so much from our environment. And these technologies
  are in the possession of these Black Op secret organizations,
  who in their view, and in their eyes, sanctioned or not -
  most of them are sanctioned - that they are doing this for
  the defense and the security of our nation, and other
  free nations. I'm not just being selfish and saying the
  United States, but we do, we're up there pretty much at
  the top with this stuff, okay?
  And these things need to be cut loose because we do have
  the global warming. We do have problems with the rain
  forest. We do have a problem with pollution in the ocean.
  And I can go on and on and on with our environmental woes.
  So these things need to be freed up. Now, in the eyes of
  these beings that are extremely intelligent and have a
  lot of experience and have made something very clear.
  Create an amnesty vehicle where because there is a
  growing majority in this Black Op or secret government
  stuff that wants to come forward with this information
  and these technologies. Quite frankly, they don't wanna
  die bringing it forward. They don't want to be executed, they
  don't want to be charged, as unfortunately people have
  been discredited, murdered, maimed, for the sake of
  national security, innocent law-abiding citizens, many
  over the last particularly 40 to 60 years, 50 to 60 years,
  them coming forward in any way shape or form. Let's
  be practical here.
  Oh, you're responsible for my father's death. Oh, you're
  responsible for my aunt's death. Oh, you're responsible for
  this and that, because all that stuff is gonna have to come
  out with it. These people can't be touched. They're gonna
  have to be able to... they're gonna have to have a vehicle
  to come forward 100 per cent and I hate to use the word
  "forgive", but have to be forgiven and forgotten, so these
  technologies can come out to save us, and aid in saving
  us from what we're doing to this planet.
  Now. One hands-on project that is particularly... it's like
  an assignment for me, and others, but for myself is the
  rain forest project. Now why do I say the rain forest? It's
  the lungs of the planet, it's the internal organs of the
  planet. It's how she's able to cleanse and recycle herself.
  And we'=ve done a lot of damage to her. And now we're
  injuring the internal organs.
  Global warming is just a part of it. But the rain forest is
  extremely important because it's something that we can
  see, we can see it regress or digress. We can see it
  expand and come back out again, and healthy. A hands-on
  project without on a global basis in short, where we can
  really see what we're doing, where the whole world gets
  involved, is something that needs to be accomplished.
  Part 3.
  John      Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20120222-Jim Sparks, Abductee. Part 3.-1105.html[12/03/2022 10:31:15]
