{"created_utc": "2026-10-06T23:32:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30600, "source_ctime_ns": 1790729068948866576, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120331-The-Temple-In-The-Grand-Canyon.-Part-2-of-2.-1185.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790729068875257308, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120331-The-Temple-In-The-Grand-Canyon.-Part-2-of-2.-1185.pdf", "source_sha256": "999d43af45b24e7f3e1224e6659f8becccbd456f88e4ec8438582929244b1cf8"}

The Temple In The Grand Canyon. Part 2 of 2.


  Subject: The Temple In The Grand Canyon. Part 2 of 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 31/03/2012, 21:18
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Temple In The Grand Canyon. Part 2 of 2.                                Mar. 31,
  2012.
     This mentions ruins of ancient cities in South And Central America.
  ..............................................................
  ..............................................................
  It is worthy of note that all the mummies examined so far have proved to
  be male, no children or females being buried here. This leads to the belief
  that this exterior section was the warriors' barracks.
  "Among the discoveries no bones of animals have been found, no skins,
  no clothing or bedding. Many of the rooms are bare but for water vessels.
  One room, about 40 by 700 feet, was probably the main dining hall, for
  cooking utensils are found here. What these people lived on is a problem,
  though it is presumed that they came south in the winter and farmed
  in the valleys, going back north in the summer. Upwards of 50,000
  people could have lived in the caverns comfortably. One theory is that
  the present Indian tribes found in Arizona are descendants of the
  serfs or slaves of the people that inhabited the cave. Undoubtedly a good
  many thousands of years before the C-ristian era a people lived here which
  reached a high stage of civilization. The chronology of human history is
  full of gaps. Professor Jordan is much enthused over the discoveries and
  believes that the find will prove of incalculable value in archaeological
  work.
  "One thing I have not spoken of, may be of interest. There is one chamber
  the passageway to which is not ventilated, and when we approached
  it a deadly, snaky smell struck us. Our lights would not penetrate the
  gloom, and until stronger ones are available we will not know what
  the chamber contains. Some say snakes, but others boohoo this
  idea and think it may contain a deadly gas or chemicals used by the
  ancients. No sounds are heard, but it smells snaky just the same.
  The whole underground installation gives one of shaky nerves the
  creeps. The gloom is like a weight on one's shoulders, and our
  flashlights and candles only make the darkness blacker.
  Imagination can revel in conjectures and ung-dly daydreams
  back through the ages that have elapsed till the mind reels
  dizzily in space.
  "In connection with this story, it is notable that among the Hopi
  Indians the tradition is told that their ancestors once lived in an
  underworld in the Grand Canyon till dissension arose between
  the good and the bad, the people of one heart and the people
  of two hearts.
        Machetto, who was their chief, counseled them to leave the
  underworld, but there was no way out. The chief then caused a
  tree to grow up and pierce the roof of the underworld, and then
  the people of one heart climbed out.
        They tarried by Paisisvai (Red River), which is the Colorado,
  and grew grain and corn. They sent out a message to the
  Temple of the Sun, asking the blessing of peace, good will and
  rain on the people of one heart. That messenger never returned,
  but today at the Hopi villages at sundown can be seen the old
  men of the tribe out on the housetops gazing toward the sun,
  looking for the messenger. When he returns, their lands and
  ancient dwelling place will be restored to them. That is the
  tradition.
  Among the engravings of animals in the cave is seen the
  image of a heart over the spot where it is located. The legend
  was learned by W.E. Rollins, the artist, during a year spent
  with the Hopi Indians. There are two theories of the origin of
  the Egyptians. One is that they came from Asia; another
  that the racial cradle was in the upper Nile region. Heeren, an
  Egyptologist, believed in the Indian origin of the Egyptians. The
  discoveries in the Grand Canyon may throw further light on
  human e-olution and prehistoric ages."
  The explorer, G.E. Kinkaid, discovered the vaults about 2,000


20120331-The Temple In The Grand Canyon. Part 2 of 2.-1185.html[12/03/2022 10:31:30]
The Temple In The Grand Canyon. Part 2 of 2.

  feet above the present level of the river, where steps led some 30
  yards to the former level of the river. That means that the
  Colorado River, by Kinkaid's testimony, has cut some 1,910
  feet in the canyon since the time of the construction of the
  vaults. Normal geological time would place human construction
  on the canyon walls at this level at easily tens of thousands
  if not millions of years ago. Kinkaid's testimony actually is
  evidence that much of the Grand Canyon was cut in a very short
  time during some cataclysmic earth change, rather than the
  slow, steady millions of years claimed by Uniformitarian
  geologists. It is possible that a huge lake was drained down
  the Grand Canyon, thus causing the fast erosion.
  In investigating this incredible story, any information on
  the two leading figures in the discovery, G.E. Kinkaid and
  Professor S.A. Jordan would be invaluable. Did these two
  men exist? I would appreciate any information on these two
  men, or their alleged discoveries that any UNICUS readers
  may have.
  While it cannot be discounted that the entire story is an
  elaborate newspaper hoax, the fact that it is on the front
  page, names the prestigious Smithsonian Institution, and
  gives a highly detailed story that goes on for several pages,
  lends a great deal to its credibility.
        What appears to be going on in this case is that the
  Smithsonian Institution is covering up what is an archaeological
  discovery of great importance, and radically changes the
  current views that there was no transoceanic contact in
  Pre-Colombian times, and that all American Indians, on
  both continents, are descended from ice age explorers who
  came across the Bering Straits.
  Is the idea that ancient Egyptians came to the Arizona area
  in the ancient past so objectionable and preposterous that
  is must be covered up? Perhaps the Smithsonian Institution
  is more interested in maintaining the status quo then rocking
  the boat with astonishing new discoveries that totally
  overturn the previously accepted academic teachings.
  Though the idea of the Smithsonian's covering up a valuable
  archaeological find is difficult to accept for some, there is,
  sadly, a great deal of evidence to suggest that the
  Smithsonian Institution has knowingly covered up and
  "lost" important archaeological relics. The Stonewatch
  Newsletter of the Gungywamp Society in Connecticut,
  which researches megalithic sites in New England, had a
  curious story in their Winter, 1992 issue (Vol.10, No.3) about
  some stone coffins discovered in 1892 in Alabama which
  were sent to the Smithsonian Institution and then "lost."
  In an effort to find out where this vault with mummies and
  artifacts might be located, I went down to my mom's
  bookstore and got a hiker's map of the Grand Canyon.
  Pouring over the map, I was suddenly shocked to see
  that much of the area on the north side of the canyon had
  Egyptian names. The area around Ninety-four Mile Creek
  and Trinity Creek had areas (rock formations, apparently)
  with names like Tower of Set, Tower of Ra, Horus Temple,
  Osiris Temple, and Isis Temple. In the Haunted Canyon
  area were such names as the Cheops Pyramid, the
  Buddha Cloister, Buddha Temple, Manu Temple and
  Shiva Temple. Was there any relationship between these
  places and the alleged Egyptian discoveries in the Grand
  Canyon?
  I called a State archaeologist at the Grand Canyon, and
  was told by the female voice on the phone that the early
  explorers had just liked Egyptian and Hindu names, but
  that it was true that this area was off limits to hikers or
  visitors, "because of dangerous caves."
  Indeed, this entire area with the Egyptian and Hindu place
  names in the Grand Canyon is forbidden zone, no one is
  allowed into this large area. Despite the many thousands
  of tourists to the Grand Canyon each year, the lofty
  walls and spectacular buttes of this natural wonder still
  hold many se-rets, which have not yet been revealed, to the
  public at large.
  Excerpted from


20120331-The Temple In The Grand Canyon. Part 2 of 2.-1185.html[12/03/2022 10:31:30]
The Temple In The Grand Canyon. Part 2 of 2.

  http://www.unicusmagazine.com/html/back_issues.htm#6
  UNICUS Issue #6
  E-mail us your comments
  Related Stories:
  Lost Cities of North & Central America
  by David H. Ch-ldres. If you love to read about fascinating
  ruins, artifacts, and historical legends that modern academia
  fears to reveal to the public than this is the book for you! To
  order contact:
  http://www.adventuresunlimitedpress.com/
  adventuresunlimitedpress.com
  Copyright 2001 by UNICUS. All rights reserved.
  UNICUS 1147 Manhattan Ave. # 43 Manhattan Beach, CA
  90266 USA
  Part 2 of 2.
  John Winston.            johnfw@mlode.com


20120331-The Temple In The Grand Canyon. Part 2 of 2.-1185.html[12/03/2022 10:31:30]
