{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T07:44:44Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32004, "source_ctime_ns": 1790714347263109270, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120622-The-Man-Cried-Wolf.-Part-2-of-2.-1346-2b7b760443.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790714347203935836, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120622-The-Man-Cried-Wolf.-Part-2-of-2.-1346-2b7b760443.pdf", "source_sha256": "a5741b604a1496c74ad316e907354e19084b79fc9de907c000976af45a538494"}

The Man Cried Wolf. Part 2 of 2.


  Subject: The Man Cried Wolf. Part 2 of 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 22/06/2012, 01:08
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Man Cries Wolf.                 Part 2.                     June 21, 2012.
      This mentions the small Greys and the Orange Greys.
  ............................................
  ............................................
  THE R-VELATIONS OF DR MICHAEL WOLF ON THE
  UFO COVER UP AND ET REALITY
  During Dr Wolf's final years he spent time talking to
  various journalists about the UFO and ET cover up.
  His bosses at the National Se-urity Council (NSC)
  gave him permission to 'generate a controlled
  leakage of se-ret information'. As Dr Wolf commented,
  "I look forward to the day when the sec-ecy
  surrounding extraterrestrial contact ends so that our
  r-ce can move forward to the next phase of its history -
  now cosmic in scale."
  As is standard practise these superiors have erased
  almost all his records such as the universities he
  attended; degrees gained; and his involvement with the
  C-A, N-A and N-C. Such measures are common for
  people working in unacknowledged 'special access
  programs' as their bosses must maintain plausible
  deniability in case a sensitive unauthorised disclosure
  occurs. Dr Wolf said he worked in laboratories at
  Area 51, S4, Wright-Patterson A-rforce base (Foreign
  Technology Division), Indian Springs and Dulce. Where for
  five years, "I met with extraterrestrial beings every day
  in my work and shared living quarters with them."
  He served as a scientific consultant for the American
  Pr-sident and NS- on ET related matters. He was a
  member of M-12 special studies group and appointed
  head of its leading agency - the A-phacom Team - which
  specialises in gathering information on the different
  ET rac-s.
  Dr Wolf said he had an MD in neurology; a Ph.D in
  theoretical physics; a BS in biogenetics; a JD in
  international law; and a D.Sc. in computer sciences.
  The UFO community were first alerted to Dr Wolf by the
  publication of his highly original and unique book `
  Catchers of He-ven' in July 1996. A book primarily
  about his experiences while working for the satellite
  gove-nment. Prominent researchers like James
  C-urant, Michael H-semann, Dr Steven G-eer, Art
  B-ll and Bruce B-rgess went knocking on his door. It
  took '15 years of persuasion' before his bosses finally
  allowed him to publish. But their conditions stated that
  this book must be fictionalised and to have three
  different denials at the beginning concerning its
  authenticity.
  They also reviewed Catchers of He-ven before
  publication. He laughed, "I would like on my
  gravestone the words, 'He died of red tape'." While
  some of Dr Wolf's claims may sound pure science
  fiction, if genuine, then he is probably the highest
  ranking member of the satellite -overnment to
  come forward so far - offering us an extraordinary
  insight - a tantalising glimpse - into the UFO cover up
  and ET reality.
  DR MICHAEL WOLF CLAIMED THAT:
  : The first US crash/retrieval of an ET craft occurred
  during 1941 in the ocean west of San Diego. Retrieved
  by the n-vy, dead Zeta Reticulans, alias the 'Greys',


20120622-The Man Cried Wolf. Part 2 of 2.-1346.html[12/03/2022 10:33:05]
The Man Cried Wolf. Part 2 of 2.

  were found inside. Craft and bodies were taken to the
  Foreign Tech-ology Section at Wright-Patterson Air-orce
  base in Dayton, Ohio, and studied by the R-tfours Special
  Studies Group. After dismantling the craft parts were
  sent to S4 and Indian Springs in Nevada. This craft
  crashed due to the recently invented pulse radar being
  tested on the nearby Tinian island, located three miles
  south/south west of Saipan. The US navy has held a
  leadership position in UFO matters since.
  : The Roswell Crash during July 1947 did happen and
  that the account in Colonel C-rso's book 'The Day after
  Roswell' is accurate. Dr Wolf had, in his possession,
  the official satellite govern-ent ET crash/retrieval
  list and while others occurred between 1941 and '47
  he was not willing to offer examples.
  : Two craft crashed at Roswell after colliding with
  each other during an electrical storm. One contained
  'Greys' the other 'Orange' ETs - both named due to the
  color of their skin. The 'Orange' types come from the
  Andromeda star system. The Santilli autopsy film is
  genuine - Dr Wolf had seen other similar footage - and
  is an autopsy of an 'Orange' ET. There were two different
  autopsies being carried out on two different ET beings
  during the same period - hence the confusion.
  : The autopsy on the 'Orange' ET revealed that it had
  a very large head; big dark eyes with no irises or whites;
  six digits on hands and feet; the brain has four lobes;
  is more developed and connected with no corpus
  callosum; different optic orbs and nerves; and a sponge
  like digestive system. Dr Wolf said he'd met one alive.
  : There are different types of 'Greys'. He worked alongside
  highly evolved ones which had, contrary to present
  opinion, personalities and even a sense of humour. Dr
  Wolf never met a 'Grey' whom he disliked. To him they
  were family. These 'Greys' enjoyed hugging and kissing
  humans. This upset some of his colleagues. One
  nicknamed them 'kissey facey'. Their smooth and soft
  bodies feel like dolphin skin to touch. He communicated
  with these ETs through t-lepathy. Dr Wolf became
  especially friendly with one called Kolta. A picture of
  this 'Grey' is on the front cover of his book - an actual
  photograph taken by an a-miral friend.
  : There is active trading between the 'Greys' and
  'Oranges'. Dr Wolf said, "Trading has a different meaning
  for ETs. They share knowledge like technology and
  philosophy and send their people to each other's planet
  to learn the culture."
  : He had conversed with human looking ETs from the
  Pleiades and Altair star systems - nicknamed the
  Nordics and Semitics. Dr Wolf explained they are very
  spi-itual people and act more as galactic counsellors.
  A photograph of a Pleiadian friend called Sa Ra adorns
  the back cover of his book.
  : On May 1st, 1975, a 'little misunderstanding' occurred
  between the 'Greys' and humans at S4. During a
  demonstration of a small antimatter reactor the head ET
  asked the guards, Blue Beret soldiers, to remove their
  rifles and bullets from the room. A safety precaution so
  these weapons wouldn't accidentally discharge during
  the energy emissions. The guards refused and in the
  ensuing commotion a Blue Beret opened fire and k-lled
  a 'Grey'. Two scientists and 41 mi-itary personnel were
  then terminated. One guard was allowed to live - testifying
  that the 'Greys' used a form of directed mental energy at
  them in self defense.
  : A number of the scientists presently working for the
  satellite gov-rnment were abducted when children by
  the 'Greys' so their intelligence and general brain
  capacity could be increased in preparation for the
  work ahead. They are hybrids.
  : His first major assignment was working alongside Carl
  S-gan and other top scientists - their job to understand


20120622-The Man Cried Wolf. Part 2 of 2.-1346.html[12/03/2022 10:33:05]
The Man Cried Wolf. Part 2 of 2.

  the intricacies of a huge ET beacon dubbed The
  Monolith - first discovered floating out in space by Russian
  cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin and American Alan S-ephard
  during 1961. It was eventually brought back for investigation
  in 1972. Dr Wolf described it as 'postcards from the rim'.
  The Monolith emits both light and tone signals along
  with a mathematical language.
  On closing your eyes, while tuned into these signals,
  "You see in your mind's eye a 3D film of the Galaxy.
  But you are actually there as if part of this film. The
  images being seen today by the Hubble telescope are
  the same ones I saw 25 years ago." Dr Wolf said there
  are many Monoliths out in space and were devised by
  a group of ET ra-es.
  : Carl Sa-an consistently denied the ET reality because
  his superiors, "Threatened to cut off the funding to his
  department at Cornell University if he said otherwise."
  : He was involved in various genetic experiments - one
  being the Sentinel Project. After perfecting cloning
  techniques on animals Dr Wolf and his associates
  successfully created an artificially-intelligent human
  named 'J-Type Omega' - their superiors wanted a
  superbright, superpowerful soldier who would follow
  orders without fear or question. But Dr Wolf
  surreptitiously programmed ethics into its intelligence
  after realising that 'J Type' had a s-ul. When the being
  refused to kil- a harmless dog his superiors ordered its
  termination. Instead, Dr Wolf set 'J Type Omega' free.
  This 'intelligence' is presently living somewhere in
  America.
  : MJ1- does exist and now has 36 members. He was reluctant
  to divulge names although confirmed that former American
  Secretary of S-ate, Henry K-ssinger and father of the
  hydrogen bomb, Edward T-ller, are present members. MJ-2
  regularly meet at various sec-et locations including the
  Batelle Memorial Institute at Columbus, Ohio.
  : The Sentinel Project involved a close association with
  the 'Greys'.
  The ETs vast knowledge on genetics being essential for its
  success. 'J Omega' was grown in a water tank from an
  embryo. Part of the DNA used came from Dr Wolf. It took
  exactly one year before he was ready to be 'awoken'. Dr
  Wolf said, "When taken from the tank he looked around
  20 years old.
  : When 'J' awoke, "He was like a puppy dog - his mind a
  vacuum. He asked question after question. He wanted to
  know everything." Dr Wolf showed him film reels about
  Earth's past w-rs and conflicts. "He cried when he saw
  these horrific images. In hindsight I showed him too
  much." He learnt several different languages and could use
  50% of his brain - unlike the mere 10% harnessed by
  humans. "When his mental abilites were tested his IQ
  shot off the map." Their relationship was like father and
  son.
  : Harvesting of animal tissue, through the so-called
  'Cattle Mutilations', is to produce organelles - specialised
  parts of a cell that resemble and function like an organ
  - which can be placed into humans for filtering out
  pollutants from the air, water, food etc..
  Present experimentation is being carried out on the
  hybrids - part Zeta/part human - or 'In-Betweens' as Dr
  Wolf called them.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120622-The Man Cried Wolf. Part 2 of 2.-1346.html[12/03/2022 10:33:05]
