{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T12:11:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31402, "source_ctime_ns": 1790738836360951770, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120517-The-Consp------Journal.-Part-7.-1276-3cec3b31f9.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790738836352146586, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120517-The-Consp------Journal.-Part-7.-1276-3cec3b31f9.pdf", "source_sha256": "d99998ab8fe3d8bd5192d1a548ada407d6c09061a4d3e7ce982261975307c7c5"}

The Consp----- Journal. Part 7.


   Subject: The Consp----- Journal. Part 7.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 17/05/2012, 14:03
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: The Consp----- Journal.                   Part 7.             May 16,
   2012.
      This talks about mediums.
   ................................................................
   ................................................................
   How could Doyle's rational faculty deteriorate so badly?
   Critics suggest that he was never much of a thinker, but I've
   read a great deal of his work, as well as Daniel Stashower's
   excellent biography, and my impression is that Doyle had a more
   penetrating intellect than his detractors admit. Trained in
   medicine, he traveled around the world as a ship's doctor,
   acquiring a range of knowledge and experiences that made him far
   more intellectually interesting than his closed-minded Victorian
   colleagues. He resisted prejudices - women and minorities are
   generally treated with respect in his work - and had an
   appreciation of exotic cultures and variant points of view. In
   short, Doyle was a sensible, astute observer of the world around
   him - until he got caught up in his obsession with mediums. At
   that point his mental and emotional stability began to suffer,
   and he became increasingly fanatical, blind to any interpretation
   of the evidence but his own.
   The Hungry G-osts
   If this were an isolated case, it would not be very important,
   but it is far from isolated. Some cases, in fact, have much
   worse consequences.
   One of these is described in anguished, agonizing detail in Joe
   Fisher's Hungry Gh-sts. Fisher joined an amateur circle that met
   regularly to "c-annel" information from s-irits. Initially skeptical,
   Fisher was soon won over by the information that came
   through. He and his friends became increasingly obsessed with
   the meetings, while the woman who ran the circle began to
   exercise an unhealthy degree of control over some group
   members, exploiting them and attempting to coerce them into
   s-xual liaisons. As Fisher became convinced that he was in
   contact with a female spi-it guide who'd been his lover in a
   previous lifetime, he lost interest in his real-life relationships, an
   attitude that led to the break-up of his marriage.
   Eventually he went to Europe, intending to verify the information
   he'd been given. Instead, to his shock, he discovered that much
   of it was false. Shattered, he returned to America and shared
   his findings with the group - only to be met with hostility and
   denial. The group members were so caught up in their shared
   fantasy that they could not tolerate the intrusion of facts and
   evidence. Fisher left the group and eventually concluded that
   he had been victimized by what the Tibetan Book of the D-ad
   calls pretas, or 'hungry gho-ts' - malign spir-ts who deceive
   and corrupt their human interlocutors. He warns his readers to
   be wary of involvement in the supernatural, and on this note
   of caution the book ends.
   But this was not the end of Joe Fisher's story. He continued to
   obsess on his experience. Eleven years after the publication of
   Hungry Ghos-s, he confided to a friend that he believed the
   spir-ts were out to get him for publicizing their activities.
   They would not leave him alone. In 2001, at age 53, he made his
   escape. He threw himself off a cliff, ending his life.
   There are at least two ways of interpreting this bizarre story.
   Either Fisher became unhinged as a result of his participation
   in the sances, and eventually fell victim to his own paranoia;
   or he actually did come into contact with malevolent sp-rit
   entities, against which he had no protection.
   Fisher wasn't the only person in the medium's circle to suffer


20120517-The Consp----- Journal. Part 7.-1276.html[12/03/2022 10:32:50]
The Consp----- Journal. Part 7.

   psychological damage. Everyone in the group was affected to
   some extent. This is not uncommon. Immersion in the o-cult
   can have unpredictable effects on the dynamics and psychology
   of a group.
   An example that comes to mind are the ITC experiments
   described by Mark Macy in M-racles in the Storm. ITC is an
   acronym for Instrumental Transcommunication. This activity,
   which has gained a surprising number of adherents, involves
   using technology to contact the dead. It evolved out of EVP,
   or Electronic Voice Phenomena, a field of amateur research
   in which "s-irit voices" are supposedly picked up on tape
   recorders. ITC is more high-tech, employing video cameras,
   TV sets, fax machines, and computers. Enthusiasts claim they
   have received images and messages from another dimension,
   and that they are in regular contact with like-minded
   "experimenters" from beyond.
   Macy's book details a group effort to establish and maintain
   contact with these forces. Such contact is said to require
   harmony among members of the experimenting groups on
   both sides of the veil. Unfortunately, harmony proved
   difficult to come by, at least on the earthly side, and
   much of Mi-acles in the Storm concerns the in-fighting and
   mutual suspicion that led to the group's downfall.
   Organizational chaos is remarkably common among those
   who explore the p-ranormal, and the fate of Macy's group
   is unsurprising.
   Although the experiments documented in Macy's book have
   ended, Macy and some of his colleagues have attempted
   to renew their work. He reports that his team has made
   contact with a group of -pirits who live on the
   extradimensional planet Marduk.
   According to these s-irits, "Marduk is watered by only
   one large stream flowing with many bends across a great
   part of the planet," a watercourse called the River of
   Eternity. "We live here together with other forms of life,"
   they explain, "with men [who had] lived on other planets
   before their bodily de-th, with dwarfs, giants and gnomes,
   and with bodiless entities, too." The spi-its have what
   seem to be physical bodies, all in the prime of youth and
   health.
   Among the spir-ts inhabiting Marduk is Sir Richard Francis
   Burton, the 19th century explorer and linguist. Burton and his
   spir-t colleagues, calling themselves the Timestream group,
   established a transmission station on Marduk, by means of
   which they were able to send video images and text messages
   to their earthly counterparts. At one point, a rival group of
   spir-ts with e-il intentions seized control of the transmission
   station, but the Timestream faction mounted a daring
   counterattack and regained control.
   If all this sounds like science-fiction, there's a good reason.
   It is science-fiction, or at least it was - in Philip Jose Farmer's
   Riverworld series. Beginning with To Your Scattered Bodies
   Go in 1971, the Riverworld books feature an intriguing premise:
   When we di-, we are resurrected on an earthlike planet
   bisected by a single vast river. Both good and evi- individuals -
   human, prehuman, and nonhuman - abide in this land, restored
   to youth and vigor. As we make our way along the river, we
   must form alliances and ward off enemies, sometimes in
   physical combat. And our hero in this adventure? None other
   than Sir Richard Francis Burton!
   I will admit that there are differences between the ITC
   messages and Riverworld. Farmer's story provided a technological,
   rather than supernatural, explanation for humanity's
   resurrection, and dealt extensively with a super-advanced
   r-ce of humans dubbed the Ethicals who were controlling this
   vast experiment. None of this relates to the ITC communiqus. And
   other famous figures who appear in Farmer's saga - Mark Twain,
   Hermann Goering, and King John of England, among others -
   have not made any appearance in the messages from Marduk,
   as far as I know. Nevertheless, the vast river, the physical
   resurrection in youthful form, the rival alliances and mortal
   combats, and the presence of Burton himself all combine to
   create the strong suspicion that the ITC messages are only
   fiction.
   Indeed, the whole situation seems reminiscent of role-playing
   games like Dungeons & Dragons, in which the players submerge


20120517-The Consp----- Journal. Part 7.-1276.html[12/03/2022 10:32:50]
The Consp----- Journal. Part 7.

   themselves in a virtual world based on science-fiction
   archetypes - a world that can begin to seem very real.
   A couple of years ago I emailed Mark Macy to ask him about the
   parallels between Riverworld and his group's findings. I
   received brief replies from both Macy and one of his colleagues.
   Neither of them was interested in pursuing the issue, and
   neither saw any problem in the similarities I'd mentioned.
   No problem? Suppose I were to tell you that, by paranormal
   means, I'd established contact with the crew of an interstellar
   starship in the 23rd century. Excitedly I report that the ship's
   captain is James [Darklore Volume 1] Tiberius Kirk, his first
   mate is an alien named Spock, and the ship's doctor is McCoy.
   You point out to me that these characters are all found in the
   1960s TV series Star Trek. "So what?" I say. "I don't see a
   problem with that." I'll bet you'd decide that my critical
   faculties are not quite what they should be.
   How can presumably serious people be willing to overlook such
   an obvious difficulty? I suggest that wholesale immersion in the
   pa-anormal can gradually erode one's capacity for appropriate
   skepticism. Arthur Conan Doyle came to believe in fairies; Joe
   Fisher's marriage collapsed because he fell in love with his
   "s-irit guide"; Macy and his co-workers are caught up in what
   appears to be a replay of a science-fiction saga from the 1970s.
   Enter the Trickster
   A wealth of similar cases can be found in George P. Hansen's
   authoritative study The Trickster and the Par-normal, which
   takes a highly original interdisciplinary approach to the
   question of why psy-hic phenomena - and people associated with
   such things - tend to be marginalized in society. Hansen's book
   is too complex and densely argued to be summarized in its
   entirety, but one of his major themes is that long-term, active
   involvement in the paranormal often produces personal or
   collective dissociation from reality.
   Part 7.
   John Winston.              johnfw@mlode.com


20120517-The Consp----- Journal. Part 7.-1276.html[12/03/2022 10:32:50]
