{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:54:47Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 36498, "source_ctime_ns": 1790669733565589803, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120314-The-Temptation-Of-Eve.-1150-065ecef24f.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790669733555161046, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120314-The-Temptation-Of-Eve.-1150-065ecef24f.pdf", "source_sha256": "1af0a76a229712ff13080e9d6c05a83a1c10b69fe46d4b333be2d31b84088f9f"}

The Temptation Of Eve.


  Subject: The Temptation Of Eve.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 14/03/2012, 22:17
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Temptation Of Eve.
  Mar. 14, 2012.
   Well, it seems like Eve gets blamed for everything.           This is what was
  read at the last Ralph Squire's meeting.
  ...................................................................
  ...................................................................
  http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml
  Paper 75 - The Default of Adam and Eve | Urantia Book | Urantia
  Foundation
  "http://www.urantia.org/ub-media/ub-mp3/U75.mp3
  The Urantia Book Paper 75The Default of Adam and Eve (839.1) 75:0.1
  AFTER more than one hundred years of effort on Urantia, Adam was able to
  see very little progress outside the Garden; the world at large did not
  seem to be improving much.'
  The realization of r-ce betterment appeared to be a long way off, and
  the situation seemed so desperate as to demand something for relief not
  embraced in the original plans. At least that is what often passed
  through Adam's mind, and he so expressed himself many times to Eve.
  Adam and his mate were loyal, but they were isolated from their kind,
  and they were sorely distressed by the sorry plight of their world.
  1. The Urantia Problem
  The Adamic mission on experimental, rebellion-seared, and isolated
  Urantia was a formidable undertaking. And the Material Son and
  Daughter early became aware of the difficulty and complexity of their
  planetary assignment.
  Nevertheless, they courageously set about the task of solving their
  manifold problems. But when they addressed themselves to the
  all-important work of eliminating the defectives and degenerates from
  among the human strains, they were quite dismayed. They could see
  no way out of the dilemma, and they could not take counsel with their
  superiors on either Jerusem or Edentia. Here they were, isolated
  and day by day confronted with some new and complicated tangle,
  some problem that seemed to be unsolvable.
  Under normal conditions the first work of a Planetary Adam and
  Eve would be the co-ordination and blending of the ra-es. But on
  Urantia such a project seemed just about hopeless, for the rac-s,
  while biologically fit, had never been purged of their retarded and
  defective strains.
  Adam and Eve found themselves on a sphere wholly unprepared
  for the proclamation of the brotherhood of man, a world groping
  about in abject s-iritual darkness and c--rsed with confusion worse
  confounded by the miscarriage of the mission of the preceding
  administration. Mind and morals were at a low level, and instead of
  beginning the task of effecting r-ligious unity, they must begin all
  anew the work of converting the inhabitants to the most simple
  forms of re-igious belief.
  Instead of finding one language ready for adoption, they were
  confronted by the world-wide confusion of hundreds upon hundreds
  of local dialects. No Adam of the planetary service was ever set
  down on a more difficult world; the obstacles seemed insuperable
  and the problems beyond creature solution.
  They were isolated, and the tremendous sense of loneliness which
  bore down upon them was all the more heightened by the early
  departure of the Melchizedek receivers.
  Only indirectly, by means of the a-gelic orders, could they
  communicate with any being off the planet. Slowly their
  courage weakened, their s0irits drooped, and sometimes
  their faith almost faltered.
  75:1.5
  And this is the true picture of the consternation of these two
  noble s-uls as they pondered the tasks which confronted
  them. They were both keenly aware of the enormous


20120314-The Temptation Of Eve.-1150.html[12/03/2022 10:31:23]
The Temptation Of Eve.

  undertaking involved in the execution of their planetary
  assignment.
  Probably no Material Sons of Nebadon were ever faced with
  such a difficult and seemingly hopeless task as confronted
  Adam and Eve in the sorry plight of Urantia.
  But they would have sometime met with success had they been
  more farseeing and patient. Both of them, especially Eve,
  were altogether too impatient; they were not willing to settle
  down to the long, long endurance test.
  They wanted to see some immediate results, and they did,
  but the results thus secured proved most disastrous both to
  themselves and to their world.
  Plot
  Caligastia paid frequent visits to the Garden and held many
  conferences with Adam and Eve, but they were adamant to all
  his suggestions of compromise and short-cut adventures. They
  had before them enough of the results of r-belion to produce
  effective immunity against all such insinuating proposals. Even
  the young offspring of Adam were uninfluenced by the
  overtures of Daligastia. And of course neither Caligastia nor
  his associate had power to influence any individual against
  his will, much less to persuade the children of Adam to do
  wrong.
  It must be remembered that Caligastia was still the titular
  Planetary Prince of Urantia, a misguided but nevertheless high
  Son of the local universe. He was not finally deposed until the
  times of C-rist Michael on Urantia.
  But the fallen Prince was persistent and determined. He soon
  gave up working on Adam and decided to try a wily flank attack
  on Eve. The evil one concluded that the only hope for success
  lay in the adroit employment of suitable persons belonging to
  the upper strata of the Nodite group, the descendants of his
  onetime corporeal-staff associates. And the plans were
  accordingly laid for entrapping the mother of the violet -ace.
  It was farthest from Eve's intention ever to do anything which
  would militate against Adam's plans or jeopardize their
  planetary trust. Knowing the tendency of woman to look upon
  immediate results rather than to plan farsightedly for more
  remote effects, the Melchizedeks, before departing, had
  especially enjoined Eve as to the peculiar dangers besetting
  their isolated position on the planet and had in particular
  warned her never to stray from the side of her mate, that is, to
  attempt no personal or se-ret methods of furthering their
  mutual undertakings.
  Eve had most scrupulously carried out these instructions
  for more than one hundred years, and it did not occur to her
  that any danger would attach to the increasingly private and
  confidential visits she was enjoying with a certain Nodite
  leader named Serapatatia. The whole affair developed so
  gradually and naturally that she was taken unawares.
  The Garden dwellers had been in contact with the Nodites
  since the early days of Eden. From these mixed descendants
  of the defaulting members of Caligastia's staff they had
  received much valuable help and co-operation, and through
  them the Edenic regime was now to meet its complete
  undoing and final overthrow.
  3. The Temptation of Eve
  Adam had just finished his first one hundred years on earth when
  Serapatatia, upon the d-ath of his father, came to the
  leadership of the western or Syrian confederation of the Nodite
  tribes. Serapatatia was a brown-tinted man, a brilliant
  descendant of the onetime chief of the Dalamatia commission on
  health mated with one of the master female minds of the blue
  race of those distant days. All down through the ages this line
  had held authority and wielded a great influence among the
  western Nodite tribes.
  Serapatatia had made several visits to the Garden and had
  become deeply impressed with the righteousness of Adam's
  cause. And shortly after assuming the leadership of the Syrian
  Nodites, he announced his intention of establishing an
  affiliation with the work of Adam and Eve in the Garden. The
  majority of his people joined him in this program, and Adam


20120314-The Temptation Of Eve.-1150.html[12/03/2022 10:31:23]
The Temptation Of Eve.

  was cheered by the news that the most powerful and the
  most intelligent of all the neighboring tribes had swung
  over almost bodily to the support of the program for world
  improvement; it was decidedly heartening. And shortly after
  this great event, Serapatatia and his new staff were
  entertained by Adam and Eve in their own home.
  Serapatatia became one of the most able and efficient of
  all of Adam's lieutenants. He was entirely honest and
  thoroughly sincere in all of his activities; he was never
  conscious, even later on, that he was being used as a
  circumstantial tool of the wily Caligastia.
  Presently, Serapatatia became the associate chairman of
  the Edenic commission on tribal relations, and many plans
  were laid for the more vigorous prosecution of the work of
  winning the remote tribes to the cause of the Garden.
  He held many conferences with Adam and Eve especially
  with Eve and they talked over many plans for improving
  their methods. One day, during a talk with Eve, it occurred
  to Serapatatia that it would be very helpful if, while awaiting
  the recruiting of large numbers of the violet ra-e, something
  could be done in the meantime immediately to advance the
  needy waiting tribes. Serapatatia contended that, if the
  Nodites, as the most progressive and co-operative rac-, could
  have a leader born to them of part origin in the violet stock, it
  would constitute a powerful tie binding these peoples more
  closely to the Garden. And all of this was soberly and honestly
  considered to be for the good of the world since this child, to
  be reared and educated in the Garden, would exert a great
  influence for good over his father's people.
  It should again be emphasized that Serapatatia was altogether
  honest and wholly sincere in all that he proposed. He never
  once suspected that he was playing into the hands of Caligastia
  and Daligastia. Serapatatia was entirely loyal to the plan of
  building up a strong reserve of the violet -ace before attempting
  the world-wide upstepping of the confused peoples of Urantia.
  But this would require hundreds of years to consummate, and
  he was impatient; he wanted to see some immediate results
  something in his own lifetime. He made it clear to Eve that
  Adam was oftentimes discouraged by the little that had been
  accomplished toward uplifting the world.
  For more than five years these plans were sec-etly matured.
  At last they had developed to the point where Eve consented
  to have a secr-t conference with Cano, the most brilliant mind
  and active leader of the near-by colony of friendly Nodites. Cano
  was very sympathetic with the Adamic regime; in fact, he was
  the sincere sp-ritual leader of those neighboring Nodites who
  favored friendly relations with the Garden.
  The fateful meeting occurred during the twilight hours of the
  autumn evening, not far from the home of Adam. Eve had never
  before met the beautiful and enthusiastic Cano and he was a
  magnificent specimen of the survival of the superior physique
  and outstanding intellect of his remote progenitors of the Prince's
  staff. And Cano also thoroughly believed in the righteousness of
  the Serapatatia project. (Outside of the Garden, multiple
  mating was a common practice.)
  Influenced by flattery, enthusiasm, and great personal persuasion,
  Eve then and there consented to embark upon the much-discussed
  enterprise, to add her own little scheme of world saving to the
  larger and more far-reaching divine plan.
  Before she quite realized what was transpiring, the fatal step
  had been taken.
  It was done.
  4. The Realization of Default
  The celestial life of the planet was astir. Adam recognized that
  something was wrong, and he asked Eve to come aside with
  him in the Garden. And now, for the first time, Adam heard the
  entire story of the long-nourished plan for accelerating world
  improvement by operating simultaneously in two directions:
  the prosecution of the divine plan concomitantly with the
  execution of the Serapatatia enterprise.
  And as the Material Son and Daughter thus communed in the


20120314-The Temptation Of Eve.-1150.html[12/03/2022 10:31:23]
The Temptation Of Eve.

  moonlit Garden, the voice in the Garden reproved them for
  disobedience. And that voice was none other than my own
  announcement to the Edenic pair that they had transgressed
  the Garden covenant; that they had disobeyed the instructions
  of the Melchizedeks; that they had defaulted in the execution
  of their oaths of trust to the sovereign of the universe.
  Eve had consented to participate in the practice of good and
  e-vil. Good is the carrying out of the d-vine plans; sin is a
  deliberate transgression of the di-ine will; ev-l is the
  misadaptation of plans and the maladjustment of techniques
  resulting in universe disharmony and planetary confusion.
  Every time the Garden pair had partaken of the fruit of the
  tree of life, they had been warned by the archangel custodian
  to refrain from yielding to the suggestions of Caligastia to
  combine good and evi-. They had been thus admonished: In
  the day that you commingle good and -vil, you shall surely
  become as the mortals of the realm; you shall surely d-e.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120314-The Temptation Of Eve.-1150.html[12/03/2022 10:31:23]
