{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T21:47:40Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 30426, "source_ctime_ns": 1790786020362066762, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120622-The-Eyes-Of-The-Galaxy-Are-Upon-Us.-1349-60c1d81aa0.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790786020349370772, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120622-The-Eyes-Of-The-Galaxy-Are-Upon-Us.-1349-60c1d81aa0.pdf", "source_sha256": "93dc4edb7a3d49f85f9e8f4193d1f0d68a76ac5bb579e66d7a9a4c4f62f6ae14"}

The Eyes Of The Galaxy Are Upon Us.


  Subject: The Eyes Of The Galaxy Are Upon Us.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 22/06/2012, 17:28
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: The Eyes Of The Galaxy Are Upon Us.                           June 21, 2012.
    It appears that a lot of space people are watching to see what
  we are going to do.
  ..................................................
  ..................................................
  Interesting. Sheldan is following other channels. Will we
  really finally see the beginnings of the arrests tomorrow???
  J-nis
  Update by Sheldan Nidle for the Spiritual Hierarchy and
  the Galactic Federation
  10 Ix, 7 Kayab, 8 Manik=20
  ________________________________
  Dratzo! We return! We are watching the final pieces of your
  puzzle being solved by those who are our Earth allies.
  Around your globe a massive effort is now underway to
  complete the processes necessary for arresting your dark
  cabal and their many collaborators in government, major
  banking, and many multinational corporations. The
  preliminary orders for these mass arrests have been
  completed, and what remains is to issue the legal warrants
  for their detainment. They are to be held in special
  purpose-built facilities. Our liaison teams are in contact
  with those in charge of these activities, and they will be
  one of the groups that will formally declare the end of the
  executive administrations of most western nations. The
  new 'caretakers' have a massive task to perform in what
  is a very short window of action. However, these are
  extraordinary times. Those who have been chosen for
  these caretaker tasks have a ready-to-go agenda that
  is to be carried out swiftly and thoroughly by these new
  governments. Their work will prepare the way for all
  that is to follow.
      Our holographic forces are poised to intervene if
  necessary. We are assured that such a back-up force
  is good to have on hand but is not truly required. The
  changeover nations' military, police, and security
  forces are deemed more than adequate to carry out
  the task of ousting their respective regimes from
  power. The same proficiency will apply to the further
  thousands of arrests that will isolate the dark cabalists
  from their sources of wealth and power. It is to be a
  wholesale termination of an international group that
  has run your world for nearly 13 millennia. With this
  single act, you are to become free, sovereign, and
  prosperous. We will be supervising all of this, and
  then, at the appropriate moment we will land and
  begin a more personal contact with you. Much will
  be discussed between us. This is, after all, the time
  just before you go to Inner Earth where you will be
  returned to full consciousness. Our joint mission
  actually begins at this divine juncture. Much needs
  to be accomplished together, both in this galaxy
  and in this region of physicality.
      Much is expected of you as a people. Now within
  your ranks are some of the finest minds in this galaxy.
  Each of them came here willingly, to make it possible
  for you to adjust to the many alterations needed to
  mold you into a new galactic society. This new
  Earth society will be the heart of your new star-
  nation, and an essential first requirement is a rapid
  coming-together of the grand diversity that
  characterizes your planetary society. This is one


20120622-The Eyes Of The Galaxy Are Upon Us.-1349.html[12/03/2022 10:33:05]
The Eyes Of The Galaxy Are Upon Us.

  reason why so many of you have come from across
  this galaxy and incarnated into your present bodies.
  You are going to integrate these physical vehicles
  into your complete spiritual essences. This essence
  contains special messages from Heaven, and these
  will guide you in formulating your new reality.
  Heaven's plan includes a large series of missions
  for your new star-nation to undertake, and this
  further emphasizes to us the unique significance
  you bring to the new epoch of peace and unity
  now sweeping through this galaxy.
      Our mission here is therefore vital to what
  follows in this galaxy. Literally, the eyes of the
  galaxy are upon you! Heaven assures us that
  the immense changes needed are now to happen,
  and consequently, we have instructed our
  first-contact team to thwart the various forms
  of skullduggery planned by the dark cabal,
  thus allowing the agents of the Light to emerge
  victorious.
  This will constitute the opening shot in the
  move to establish the new energies that will
  bring you to the very brink of full consciousness.
  Many Beings of a high spiritual nature have
  come together on your world to create the
  conditions for first contact and all that is to
  follow. We are using our technological
  advantage to promote this plan and to ensure
  that this pivotal opening move plays out as
  Heaven so directs. To this end, we are pooling
  our resources with our co-workers on your
  planet as the time is now upon us for the next big
  step forward. The solstice holds many keys to
  what will now happen!
      Namaste, dear Ones! We are your Ascended
  Masters! Humanity has been through many ups and
  downs in its 13-millennia history. Our ancestors
  went through three golden ages, filled with the
  promise of an eventual return to our fullest state
  of potential as human Beings. Those who fatefully
  took over the helm after the fall of Atlantis denied
  us these joys and brutally punished us for our acts
  of insubordination. These, whom you now know as
  the Anunnaki, have gone, leaving behind them
  'obedient' humans whose distaste for what we
  stand for is deeply regrettable. We have long been
  at spiritual loggerheads with them, but this is now
  coming to a most welcome conclusion for all
  humanity. Much is happening in secret which is
  creating your release from this seemingly endless
  cycle of suffering. Heaven has heard our words
  and has brought the means to return us to our fully
  conscious, sacred ways.
  It is time now for all of us to rejoice!
      We come today on the wings of this triumph to
  give you a wonderful message of hope, truth, and
  joy! Your world is changing for the better. Those
  who have long fostered a world of suffering and
  elitism have met with defeat! Those associates of
  ours who have worked so hard to carry our blessings
  to your world have finally reached an accord with
  those who currently hold the reins of power. This
  document sanctions their departure and allows a
  new reality to spring up around us with its Love,
  Peace, Sovereignty, Prosperity, and above all, your
  Freedom! We thank the great Ones of Heaven, those
  who have come from afar, and those who have held
  the sacred flame deep within the wonders of this
  most beautiful world. A new Way is now in motion
  which will restore us to our natural state of full
  consciousness.
      We rejoice, and we sound the trumpets of Heaven
  to call to the throne of freedom and the temple of
  our joys and dreams! We have waited long for this
  divine moment! We seek only the blessings and
  decrees of Heaven and the jubilant energies of
  Lord Surea. We come in this mode to teach and to


20120622-The Eyes Of The Galaxy Are Upon Us.-1349.html[12/03/2022 10:33:05]
The Eyes Of The Galaxy Are Upon Us.

  guide you in the ways of Heaven, and to acquaint
  you with the responsibilities of those who are
  co-creators of physicality. Come, Loved Ones! Be
  in bliss, and go before all to show your appreciation
  for those who have secured your freedom and
  given you back your divine Sovereignty. You are
  now to understand that you were never alone,
  and that Heaven never abandoned you to the dark
  ones. To the contrary, you have a sacred destiny!
  And the right divine time has come to fulfill this
  destiny! We have kept this Light alive on your world,
  and we give it back now in deepest Love to You all!
      Today, in exultation we relay to you what is
  happening on your world.
  Many of us have come to deliver you from the dark
  and return you to the Light. This process of first
  contact is also to transform you into fully conscious
  Beings of Light. Much will be revealed to you, and
  much will be expected from each of you! Know,
  dear Ones, that the countless Supply and never-
  ending Prosperity of Heaven are indeed Yours! So
  Be It! Selamat Gajun! Selamat Ja! (Sirian for Be
  One! and Be in Joy!)
  __________
  Planetary Activation Organization | Mailing Address:
  P. O. Box 4975, El Dorado Hills, CA 95762 USA
  Voicemail: 530-327-9432 | E-mail: info@paoweb.com |
  Website address: www.paoweb.com
  ................
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com


20120622-The Eyes Of The Galaxy Are Upon Us.-1349.html[12/03/2022 10:33:05]
