{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T13:28:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32771, "source_ctime_ns": 1790733676830232071, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120518-The-Consp------Journal.-Part-8.-1277-398234a5e5.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790733676328099073, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120518-The-Consp------Journal.-Part-8.-1277-398234a5e5.pdf", "source_sha256": "d7e0a3f22d8ffc4c613c1f32533aacde99a9bb08edf7786d456250b4e7fd5de6"}

The Consp----- Journal. Part 8.


   Subject: The Consp----- Journal. Part 8.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 18/05/2012, 05:24
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: The Consp----- Journal. Part 8.                               May 17, 2012.
      This talks about, is it legal to hunt Bigfoot in Texas?
   ...............................................................
   ...............................................................
   Hansen identifies a constellation of attributes that folklorists
   call "the trickster" - a mythical figure found in most ethnic
   traditions, whether as Coyote in Native American lore or the
   g-d Hermes in Greek mythology. The trickster is deceitful,
   playful, disruptive, irrational, unpredictable, often s-xually
   adventurous or perverse, sometimes malevolent, and always to
   be approached with caution. He is a marginal figure among the
   other deities, and those humans who are associated with him -
   shamans, mediums - typically occupy a marginal place in
   society. He resists institutionalization. He hovers outside
   the establishment, functioning as both an escape valve and a
   threat.
   While not going so far as to say that the trickster actually
   exists, Hansen uses the archetype to stand for a collection of
   disparate qualities. And he makes the point that p-ranormal
   phenomena not only exhibit these same qualities but often
   induce them in persons who immerse themselves in the field.
   Like the trickster, p-ychic phenomena are playful and
   maddeningly elusive. They are irrational, in the sense that they
   fall outside the purview of rationalist thinking. They are
   disruptive - sometimes overtly so, as in the case of poltergeist
   outbreaks. They are unpredictable, a fact that has led many a
   legitimate ps-chic to supplement his talents with trickery. They
   are sometimes malevolent - as with Fisher's hungry g-osts, not
   to mention the rich tradition of malign sp-rits in every culture,
   including the d-vils of Judeo-C-ristian theology. They are
   sometimes associated with bizarre or coercive se-ual practices,
   as witnessed in many rituals and in the strange private lives
   of many mediums and psy-hics. They resist institutionalization;
   despite widespread public interest in psyphic phenomena, no
   large institutions exist to study the field, and the only major
   institutional studies of psyc-ic powers were undertaken by
   spy agencies, which are themselves immersed in a culture of
   ambiguity and deceit.
   Hansen observes that people who directly engage the
   par-normal, or try to, sometimes fall into the role-playing trap
   mentioned above. A role-playing game, he writes - can become
   a shared fantasy, wherein the players voluntarily suspend
   normal, rational considerations - The games give more direct
   contact with supernatural ideas than does literature alone.
       Live people are involved; they participate in a drama; props
   may be used, and some physical action is required...Cheating
   is frequent despite there being no winners or losers in the
   game...Players can identify with their characters, and
   sometimes they prefer not to separate themselves from those
   roles...[O]ccasionally the 'game' becomes obsessive and
   interferes with real-world pursuits.
   Reading these words, I find it hard not to think of the
   purported messages from Marduk. There is, then, a
   dark side to the pa-anormal. It is not all benevolent
   a-gels and comforting words from deceased relatives.
   There can be obsession, deterioration of rational
   thought, shared fantasy, even a descent into madness.
   There can be hungry gh-sts. There can be ch-nnelers
   who se-ually exploit their followers. There is always the
   risk that inquiring too deeply into these matters will lead
   to one's own marginalization - a fate that has befallen
   even prominent researchers in the field, who have seen
   their reputations suffer and their prestige stripped away.


20120518-The Consp----- Journal. Part 8.-1277.html[12/03/2022 10:32:50]
The Consp----- Journal. Part 8.

   Much in the pa-anormal is worthy of study. But if you
   choose to examine it, proceed with caution. And if you
   run into trouble, don't hesitate to turn back. After all, I
   felt a lot better when I'd left that bookstore,
   This article is excerpted from Darklore Volume 1, which
   is available for sale from Amazon US and Amazon UK.
   The Darklore anthology series features the best writing
   and research on p-ranormal, Fortean and hidden history
   topics, by the most respected names in the field: Robert
   Bauval, Nick Redfern, Loren Coleman, Jon Downes and
   Daniel Pinchbeck, to name just a few.
   Darklore's aim is to support quality researchers, so it makes
   sense to support Darklore.
   Source: The Daily Grail
   http://www.dailygrail.com/Guest-Articles/2012/5/Hungry-Ghosts
   - BURIED S-ECRETS DEPARTMENT -
   N-zi W-rplanes Found Buried in Indiana Field
   In the battle to stay ahead of the enemy in World W-r II,
   American engineers were willing to employ any trick - including
   stealing the ideas from their Na-i counterparts.
   So they shipped hundreds of German aircraft to a field in
   Seymour, Indiana, where they proceeded to take apart the
   machines to learn how they were built - and then buried any
   evidence of doing so.
   Now recovery teams at Freeman Field are unearthing hundreds
   of plane parts and piecing them back together, much like their
   ancestors attempted to nearly seven decades ago.
   At the end of World -ar II, the field was used as a bustling
   A-my base by hundreds of soldiers and civilians keen to
   study Germany's airplanes and rockets,
   WDRB.com
   reported.
   Allies seized around 80 different types of aircraft throughout
   Europe and then shipped them to the field, where they were
   flown, taken apart and then put back together.
   While many parts or planes were saved for museum
   displays, others were discarded - thrown into pits in
   the field and covered with tons of dirt.
   Now the Freeman Field Recovery Team is endeavouring
   to find as many of the parts as possible. While they
   have found a plethora of propellers and wheel parts,
   they are hopeful of finding an in tact fuselage -
   rumoured to be lurking somewhere in the soil.
   One member of the recovery effort, Scott Cooper,
   explained why the planes had landed on U.S. soil.
   'At that point in the war, in the fighting, the Germans
   were years ahead of us in the areas of technology,'
   Cooper told
   WDRB.com.
   'They were actually developing the first jet aircraft
   over in Germany, so we had a chance to bring that
   aircraft over here, break it down, examine the engine,
   examine the aircraft, and find out things that we might
   be able to use on the aircraft that we were building
   at the time.'
   He added: 'About 81 different types of aircraft were brought
   here, including V-1 and V-2 missiles.'
   The Army held an open house in 1946, allowing members
   of the public to see what they had been studying. But there
   were questions about what would happen to the planes at
   the end of the war.
   'What they didn't want to take away for museum purposes or
   display purposes, they would just dig these big pits and dump


20120518-The Consp----- Journal. Part 8.-1277.html[12/03/2022 10:32:50]
The Consp----- Journal. Part 8.

   everything in and cover them up and just leave it there,' Cooper
   told the news cha-nel.
   The planes were buried on the edges of the airfield - and are
   slowly being located by the recovery team.
   'In some cases you can still see the German words on there,'
   Cooper said. 'The one day when we found 12 propeller blades,
   that was pretty exciting.'
   While some parts are left in their rusted and partly broken,
   others, such as propellers, are smoothed and filled with putty
   to resemble their original form. If any parts are sold, the city
   shares the proceeds.
   The Freeman Field Recovery Team is at least the third group
   to search for parts in the field since the early 1990s. They
   believe that mud has preserved many parts found so far.
   They use a scanner called a Blood Hound attached to the back
   of a vehicle.
   The radar unit connects to a GPS and a computer mapping
   program, and surveys the ground, like an ultrasound indicating
   where objects are underground.
   'To realize that history, to be able to touch it and feel it
   and restore it and bring it back so other people can see it, is
   pretty exciting. In some cases it probably helped us to win the
   -ar,' Cooper added.
   Source: The Daily Mail
   http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2109029/The-story-secret-Nazi-airplanes-buried-Indiana-
   field.html?ITO=3D1490
   - ETHEL, GET ME THE BIG GUN DEPARTMENT -
   OK To Hunt Bigfoot in Texas
   Cryptid conservationists, be on the alert; it's officially open
   season on Sasquatch. According to the Texas Parks and Wildlife
   Department, if you can find Bigfoot in the state of Texas, you
   can k-ll it.
   A Cryptomundo reader sent a letter to the Texas Parks and
   Wildlife Department about whether it would be legal to ki-l
   Bigfoot, and apparently department Chief of Staff L. David
   Sinclair replied that kil-ing an indigenous cryptid would be
   legal since it isn't listed as a game animal:
   The statute that you cite (Section 61.021) refers only to game
   birds, game animals, fish, marine animals or other aquatic life.
   Generally speaking, other nongame wildlife is listed in Chapter
   67 (nongame and threatened species) and Chapter 68 (nongame
   endangered species). "Nongame" means those species of
   vertebrate and invertebrate wildlife indigenous to Texas that
   are not classified as game animals, game birds, game fish,
   fur-bearing animals, endangered species, alligators, marine
   penaeid shrimp, or oysters. The Parks and Wildlife
   Commission may adopt regulations to allow a person to take,
   possess, buy, sell, transport, import, export or propagate
   nongame wildlife. If the Commission does not specifically
   list an indigenous, nongame species, then the species is
   considered non-protected nongame wildlife, e.g., coyote,
   bobcat, mountain lion, cotton-tailed rabbit, etc. A
   non-protected nongame animal may be hunted on private
   property with landowner consent by any means, at any
   time and there is no bag limit or possession limit.
   Part 8.
   John Winston.             johnfw@mlode.com


20120518-The Consp----- Journal. Part 8.-1277.html[12/03/2022 10:32:50]
