{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T07:11:20Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31508, "source_ctime_ns": 1790709675077242123, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120107-Con-Journal.-Part-2.-1031-27deb538cb.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790709675055627382, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120107-Con-Journal.-Part-2.-1031-27deb538cb.pdf", "source_sha256": "f2d9267caac1a1573e2f6ea12fe48d192b85020f5acc1a6bf3f05d6eedbef792"}

Con Journal. Part 2.


   Subject: Con Journal. Part 2.
   From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
   Date: 07/01/2012, 06:20
   Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

   Subject: Con Journal.               Part 2.
   Jan. 6, 2011.
      This talks about a-gels.
   .................................................................
   .................................................................
   A helpmate to this theory is that the space travelers might
   come from the "Goldilocks" zone of our own Milky Way Galaxy,
   which is where Earth lies as well. This is the section along one
   arm of the galaxy, which is most likely to encourage the
   e-olution of advanced life. Warm enough? Just right. Atmosphere?
   Just right, and so forth.
   Very recently, many "super-Earth" planets have been found in
   the Goldilocks zone; they are larger than Earth and may lack
   protective electromagnetic fields because they might not have a
   spinning molten core like Earth. However, all the rest of their
   characteristics seem favorable for life; life would likely find
   a way to e-olve.
   We know from Earth ev-lution that life itself will find a way
   to survive and evo-ve if it possibly can, and probably, life
   will also find a way to survive and evolv- when there is no way.
   Life is tenacious!
   As 2012 looms, there are several new theories on why distances
   in the universe might not be as huge as we think they are. I am
   not a physicist, but here, briefly, are several of the exciting
   new theories:
   There is a "super highway" through space/time on which space
   craft from numerous worlds zoom along. This "super highway"
   allows space craft to avoid the complicated fabric of
   space/time. The "super highway" is actually a fracture in the
   space/time continuum which happened, apparently, as the Big Bang
   spread out. It can be thought of as a string stretched out into
   space/time which can be used as a conveyor belt from one place
   to another; once one gets within this string, you are no longer
   the p-isoner of the rules of space/time. I recommend "Through
   the Wormhole" DVD with Morgan F-eeman as host, for starters on
   this theory then dig into the new physics of it if you wish!
   Are extraterrestrials using this "super-highway" on a regular
   basis? The "on" ramps may be crowded and you might have to watch
   out for the traffic, from all sorts of different origins and
   sources!
   Then there is the theory that the speed of light, 186,282 miles
   per second, is not a constant, as Einstein stated. There is
   evidence that the speed of light varies when measured on a light
   spectrum. If this is true, space goers could navigate in
   accordance with this variation. Einstein holds up really well
   but in 2011, some brilliant physicists and similar "big brains"
   are beginning to perceive that his view of the universe was not
   perfect. He assumed we are in a p-ison, not being able to go
   into deep space. We may not be in pr-son at all!
   Of course there is the ongoing work on warp drive, which
   original Star Trek proclaimed in 1966. Today, the work to create
   a working warp drive is making serious progress, from N-SA to
   private research facilities. In this theory, your star craft
   does not move at all. Through the use of negative energy, the
   space/time in front of the craft is condensed and the space/time
   behind the craft is elongated. We do know absolutely that
   space/time is a fabric, a substance, almost like a body of
   water. It is not an empty vacuum.
   The only thing keeping warp drive a non-reality for humans is


20120107-Con Journal. Part 2.-1031.html[12/03/2022 10:30:59]
Con Journal. Part 2.

   that we have not harnessed negative energy, but we are working
   on it. We have guessed that UFOs use anti-gravity as a means of
   propulsion. Negative energy/anti-gravity: sounds to me like
   there might be a connection.
   If humans can think it, humans will create it.
   I cannot understand arguments which say we must stick to "old
   science facts" and that it is somehow folly to pursue new
   scientific theories. How did we create the civilization we do
   have, however flawed? We created it through dreaming, thinking,
   coming up with possible theories, and then making them so - or
   making the best of those theories - so. Reality!
   Why is polio not running rampant? Because Jonas Salk tried and
   tried and finally found the right v-ccination.
   Why do we have airplanes today? Because many "pseudo-
   scientists" tried to fly and crashed face first into the mud.
   And then the Wright brothers finally hit the right "pseudo
   science" combination and it became scientific fact.
   Why did we finally figure out that the world is not flat, for
   goodness sakes?
   Need I go on? Galileo. Copernicus. Einstein. The Apollo
   astronauts - including the ones who were burned to d-ath in a
   faulty test module as we humans tried to find the right stuff
   (the right science and the right s-irit), for space travel.
   If we humans are to understand the UFO enigma, we have to
   stretch into quasi-science and scientific speculation. One day,
   some theory in "quasi-science" will be "quasi" no more, it will
   become actual scientific fact. We will find out all about our
   alien visitors, and life will go on, probably much richer.
   We dream, we experiment, we ponder, we theorize. This is how we
   create reality. How can anyone not see this?
   I am thrilled that UFOs and their occupants exist, because they
   are pushing my human species to ev-lve. Physicists usually do
   not speak of UFOs, but I am positive that every theoretical
   physicist out there, finding evidence for stringy "super-
   highways" and perceiving that warp drive will become reality,
   also enjoys dreaming of aliens on that superhighway and of the
   human starship crew traveling by warp drive.
   This doesn't mean every physicist believes in aliens; some do,
   some don't.
   It means: If humans can think it, humans will create it.
   The super-highway awaits us, or if we prefer, let's engage warp!
   Receive free "e" newsletter, EXO-TREKKING! Put your finger on
   the pulse of the infinite with messages from the alien
   perspective, as well as predictions, commentary on UFOs, earth
   changes, 2012, and more! Diane and Tibus work toward a brighter
   future, both here on Earth and out of this world! Come along for
   the spi-it, come along for the thrill, and for the celebration
   of universal life!
   Send an email to:
   info@earthchangepredictions.com
   Just say, "I want my free EXO-TREKKING!
   - KISS AN AN-EL GOOD MORNING DEPARTMENT -
   Evol-tion of Ang-ls
   -ivine messengers haven't always looked like the familiar
   Chr-stmas tree toppers.
   'Tis the season for winged humanoids to alight everywhere from
   store windows to Christ-as tree tops to lingerie runways. But it
   wasn't always so.
   Ange-s, at least the Chr-stian variety, haven't always been
   flying people in diaphanous gowns. And their various forms-from
   disembodied minds to feathered guardians-reflect twists and


20120107-Con Journal. Part 2.-1031.html[12/03/2022 10:30:59]
Con Journal. Part 2.

   turns of thousands of years of re-igious thought, according to
   an upcoming book.
   "There is lots of interesting theology about a-gels, and in
   some ways we've kind of lost the knack for that," said John
   C-avadini, chair of t-eology at the University of Notre Dame.
   "We tend to think of an-els as things that we'd find in a
   Hallmark card," Ca-adini added. "But many people, especially in
   antiquity, were very interested in them"-in what they might look
   like, how they might organize themselves, how they behave.
   In the B-ble ang-ls served as envoys of G-d-angelos being Greek
   for "messenger." Other than that, the scriptures leave a lot of
   room for interpretation.
   "There isn't a lot of detail, and that's the fascinating
   thing," said Ellen Muehl-erger, a professor of Middle Eastern
   studies at the University of Michigan.
   "The Same Substance as Go-"
   In the early days of Ch-istianity, some believers considered
   Je--s C-rist himself to be one of many ang-ls, said Muehlb-rger,
   who's working on a book on the shifting theol-gy of an-els in
   ancient times.
   "We only know about this because of later, fourth-century
   authors who penned negative descriptions of this belief" to
   refute it, she said.
   J--us officially lost his an-elhood when the Roman Emperor
   Constantine I convened the Council of Nicea in 325. There,
   bishops were charged with turning the still varied and sometimes
   conflicting conceptions of -od, Ch-ist, and Chr-stianity into a
   single, unified th-ology.
   "The Council of Nicea defined Chr-st as totally divi-e, as of
   the same substance as Go-," Muehlbe-ger said.
   "Chr-stians who worked to interpret the council's decrees over
   the next several decades took this to mean that Chr-st was not
   an a-gel. An-els were something else entirely."
   A Beautiful Mind
   In the early centuries of the ch-rch, perceptions of ang-ls may
   have been as varied as the descriptions of Chri-t himself-or
   Ju- as, for that matter.
   A fourth-century Chr-stian monk and ascetic known as Evagrius,
   for example, developed a theory that explained the human essence
   in three parts.
   "One part is governed by appetites and makes us hungry or
   sleepy or want to have s-x," Muehlb-rger explained. "That's sort
   of the lowest part.
   "A second is an emotional part that allows us to get angry or
   makes us prideful.
   "Then there is a rational part," she said. "And that is the
   part, according to Evagrius, that is most like -od and the
   an-els too."
   Evagrius "thought that something like ang-r was like a de-on
   that came and attacked you. And if you couldn't fight off those
   attacks yourself, a totally rational an-el, standing beside you,
   could help you."
   Others followed this line, proclaiming that ang-ls were
   disembodied minds, or intellects, according to Mue-lberger.
   Part 2.
   John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120107-Con Journal. Part 2.-1031.html[12/03/2022 10:30:59]
