{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T15:07:31Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 22894, "source_ctime_ns": 1790693512969921215, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120309-Devas.-Correction.-1138.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790693512961273932, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120309-Devas.-Correction.-1138.pdf", "source_sha256": "f61bfca492765a8eefda5d0a00262342dcce15c13b8c59845aecb9be032ee50e"}

Devas. Correction.


  Subject: Devas. Correction.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 09/03/2012, 04:53
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Deva.
  Feb. 8, 2012.
    This person seems to know a lot about Devas.             This was forwarded
  to me by Ralph Squire.
  .........................................................
  .........................................................
  Picking up the silvery plumbob pendulum from where it lay on my
  desk, for no reason I rotated it lazily clockwise and asked a
  question I had been pondering for some days.
  Am I communicating with my higher consciousness? I questioned
  in my mind.
  The pendulum motion changed to side-to-side.
  That meant No - forward and back meant Yes, anti-clockwise spin
  Don't know or Rubbish.
  Who am I communicating with, is it a Nature Spirit?
  The pendulum slowed to a stop, hung motionless. I just stared at
  the bob, it hadn't ever done that before. I thought for a minute or
  two. Through a Deva to something else?
  The bob swung back and forth then rotated twice and stopped
  again.
  Through a Deva to something else to something else?
  I put the pendulum down, went to a bookcase and took a slim
  volume out and flipped through the pages.
  It was about angels but I thought I had seen something about
  devas in there as well. Yes, there it was. Putting the book
  back, I returned to the desk, picked the pendulum up. Are
  devas similar to angels?
  Yes
  So the first something else must be more than an angel, which
  meant the second was . . I stopped thinking, almost unwilling
  to go the extra step. Through a Deva to an Archangel to - a
  Higher Authority?
  Yes said the pendulum.
  According to your belief system.
  Something else said. The words hung in my mind as clear as
  daybreak! And continued.
  You have crossed a divide. My name is Hambrel, I am a
  Communications Deva assigned to you. The next entity in
  the chain may vary, at the moment R will suffice as identity.
  The next - according to your belief system as we understand it,
  this would be the Great Spirit. Is this right?
  Unthinkingly, I nodded.
  Good, we understand each other. What would you like to know?
  I'm 73 years old.
  I first became aware of differences . . from what I call
  normality when I was 40ish.
  Everything since then, I think, is taking me close to an
  understanding of the cosmos and how it works.
  Perhaps I should say the real cosmos, for what I see
  and am part of appears very different to the obvious
  one into which I was born.
  Today I can dowse energy, remove or neutralise those
  adverse natural energies which make people sick,
  c-annel universal energy to improve the quality of health
  of people and the land, change the polarities of soil
  and plants so they get on better and are more productive.
  I don't even have to be on the spot - distance in time or
  space is no obstacle or so it seems.
  Why has it taken so long? Does it always take this length
  of time when one transits from one life to the next? If


20120309-Devas. Correction.-1138.html[12/03/2022 10:31:21]
Devas. Correction.

  so it seems wasteful particularly when the awful and
  worsening state of Earth's soils is taken into account. I
  mean, I could have been doing all this fifty or more years
  ago.
  Clearly I had picked a difficult topic for there was no
  answer and after a few minutes I began to think I had
  been put into the too hard basket.
  Sheer ego, of course; in fact it was nothing of the sort - but
  when the answer did come it
  had a different tonality; I had gone up the chain as it
  were. R had intervened.
  You could not have done it 50 years ago because neither
  the time nor the Earth nor you were right. In any case
  time as you measure it is not a valid comparison - humans
  think in terms of years, we work in cycles, not just of
  years but of other things as well.
  In your own case the first third of your life was spent going
  over the lessons you (your spirit) missed or failed in previous
  sojourns on the planet. This is not unusual. The next third
  you spent on a different track, one which threw new obstacles
  up in for you to overcome. Some you did, some you didn't.
  This, too, is not unusual. Twelve years ago the decision was
  taken to send you along a third track. It is the one you are
  on now along with a lot of other humans. Other lifeforms also.
  You are all concerned with the same obstacles - obtaining and
  maintaining healthy soils, water, minerals, vitamins, the basic
  building blocks of all forms of life - but generally the
  approaches differ.
  Polarity is that elusive something which ensures that two
  charged batteries placed positive end to negative end can
  make a torch bulb glow. This is probably the only case in which a
  plus added to a minus of the same value has a positive result -
  light.)
  My fingers were very cold when I was at a dowsing workshop the
  other day and a colleague said the polarities of my finger joints were
  wrong. He said I should put a piece of wire around my waist to
  correct them. I've been thinking about this and it seemed to me
  that it was a bit hit and miss. Then I remembered reversing
  the energy vortex in the back garden with the pendulum and I
  wondered if I could change the polarities of the fingers that
  way. But then I realised I didn't know what correct was for
  the very first joint so I didn't go any further.
  Ask the pendulum.
  The bob rotated clockwise as I asked "Is the top joint of the
  first finger positive polarity?", stopped, and spun the other
  way.
  It doesn't know. I
  said.
  You're asking the wrong question. Go further. Think
  big. What is it you want to do? What is the outcome that you
  want?
  thought. My finger joints were all positive, according to my
  dowsing colleague they should be alternating positive/negative, but
  was he right? And if so where would I start from, and what
  about the other joints in the hands, where did their
  polarities come in, start or finish?
  Go further the Deva had said. For some reason I found myself thinking
  about the computer, it was all electronic and electric circuits and
  although I had some knowledge of computing theory I didn't
  really know how computers worked. When it came to using it,
  though, my understanding wasn't needed, its lack did not
  matter, the computer would work just the same.
  As should the pendulum! I held it centered over the palm of the other
  hand.


20120309-Devas. Correction.-1138.html[12/03/2022 10:31:21]
