{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:43:42Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29600, "source_ctime_ns": 1790674733417833293, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120318-Bio.-Of-Billie-Faye-Woodward.-Part-2.-1158.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790674733351707546, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120318-Bio.-Of-Billie-Faye-Woodward.-Part-2.-1158.pdf", "source_sha256": "c8dbe8fd360deecea48588821854f8891561077917936132adf30614bffc1006"}

Bio. Of Billie Faye Woodward. Part 2.


  Subject: Bio. Of Billie Faye Woodward. Part 2.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 18/03/2012, 20:11
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Bio. Of Billie Faye Woodward.                        Part 2.         Mar. 18,
  2012.
     Here Billie meets Adama the person inside of Telos which is
  inside Mt. Shasta.
  .......................................................................
  .......................................................................
  It is located on the 10th level. It looked as bright as daylight
  just like a little town on the surface world, except they
  couldn't see very far. There was a sun-like orb in the sky
  and above that was pitch black.
  Billie's living quarters were on this 10th level.
  Billie was then taken to an assigned office on the 6th level
  in Archives and relieved the previous on-duty officer, who
  remarked that he was happy to be leaving.
  Billie asked him, "Why?", but he just shrugged and said that
  he had had enough. He said, "You'll find out soon enough why
  I just want to get out of here and why am glad to be leaving."
  Billie sat down at the desk and looked through the files
  and folders on the desk.
  The files and folders were classified documentation the
  mi-itary has gathered over the years on Our Hollow Earth.
  Among the documents, Billie was able to study a 35 page
  document on Admiral Richard E. Byrd's journeys to Our
  Hollow Earth through both the north and south polar openings.
   Billie distinctly remembers reading the exact coordinates of
  the north polar opening that leads into Our Hollow Earth. A
  day later a higher ranking officer came and said, "Your
  presence is requested on a lower level. You were asked
  for by name."
  Billie was then taken to still another lower level that opened
  into a tunnel where a shuttle train waited. The new
  attendants who greeted Billie were very tall, one was male
  and the other was female. They seemed to be giants compared
  to Billie's own height of 5' 11". They were similar to those that
  had taken Billie on the flying saucer at age 12. They greeted
  Billie pleasantly in English and invited Billie to step aboard
  the shuttle train and was asked to strap in. When Billie asked
  where they would be going, they said, "Telos," a s-cred
  Lemurian city beneath Mt. Shasta, California where Billie
  met their great High Priest leader, Adama and his wife, Raia
  and was given a tour of their underground city.
  For the next 11 and half years, Billie journeyed three times
  to our hollow earth in shuttle craft through the underground
  tunnels, and subsequently also to many other underground
  cities located in the earth's crust. Two trips to our hollow earth
  in the shuttle craft were on official business between our
  m-litary and the inner earth peoples. The third trip was not
  on official business, but it was a special trip Billie made to
  advise the hollow earth peoples that it was futile to try to
  influence our mil-tary to become peaceful. At that time,
  Billie requested permission to stay in the hollow earth, but
  they wouldn't grant permission. They told Billie they had a
  mission for Billie to carry out on the surface world.
        That mission is to let outer earth peoples know of the
  existence of Our Hollow Earth. Also that the hollow earth
  peoples want to be known, and that they are a peaceful
  people. The more that outer peoples know about the hollow
  earth and the peaceful people that live there, then the
  more successful they hope they will be in being accepted by
  outer earthlings when the hollow earth peoples do decide
  to emerge openly to the people of the earth's outer surface.
  Billie says Agharta is a cavern city and that there are two
  Shambhala's -- one in a cavern city, and another in the
  hollow interior. Billie's mission was to interact with the


20120318-Bio. Of Billie Faye Woodward. Part 2.-1158.html[12/03/2022 10:31:26]
Bio. Of Billie Faye Woodward. Part 2.

  hollow earth peoples and report everything learned to
  superiors in the Air F-rce. Billie took many pictures and
  meticulously documented everything seen and heard, and
  was debriefed completely after each trip.
  From what Billie learned, the hollow earth people had
  been interested in trying to convince our mil-tary to stop
  their aggressive behavior as well as their ato-ic testing which
  was po-soning the atmosphere on and in the earth which could
  harm people in the interior and on the outer surface of the
  planet.
  Finally, Billie convinced the hollow earth people that it was
  useless to try to get the milit-ry and our gov-rnment to change
  their aggressive behavior.
  It was a waste of time he told them. Billie suggested to the
  hollow earth people that they begin interfacing and contacting
  the civilian population of the outer earth instead, if they
  wanted to see a true change on the earth.
  Bilie's contacts agreed and said they would start making more
  civilian contact in the future.
  They have since told Billie that after the present North Polar
  Inner Earth expedition, that outer earth peoples will start to
  see more contacts in the near future.
  Billie says that in other journeys within the tunnel systems they
  visited many cavern cities and many inner earth cities. Billie says
  that there are tunnels made by the R-nd Corporation boring
  machines, which are not as well made as the hollow earth
  people's tunnels. There are tunnels made by the hollow earth
  people, and tunnels made by cavern cities of other races that live
  underground, and there are still other ancient tunnels made
  by the ancient civilizations of Atlantis that was located in the
  Atlantic Ocean, and Lemuria, which was a Pacific continent
  called Mu that is now submerged.
  Of those tunnels made by surface go-ernments, tunnels join all
  the capital cities of the world where gov-rnment leaders can
  find asylum in case of w-r or natural disaster. There are many
  such complexes that exist under all the major cities of the
  Un-ted States, for the same purpose, but which the gov-rnments
  have prepared only for the survival of the govern-ent, not the
  civilian population, in preparation for the close passage of a
  planet-sized comet that will cause very high winds, earthquakes
  and tsunamis.
  After visiting Telos, the Lemurian city beneath Mt. Shasta, Billie
  was taken back to Area 51.
  Later Billie was taken in a tunnel shuttle to the hollow earth.
  Billie says that the shell of the earth is from 800 to 850 miles
  thick, and that the center of gravity is about halfway between the
  outer and inner surfaces of the earth's shell, and that the inner
  surface gravity is a little less than one-third the outer surface
  gravity which allows for the larger stature of the hollow
  earth people, or any surface people that go to the hollow earth
  and stay there for a length of time.
  Billie said that the hollow earth has an inner sun that gives
  photosynthesis light that provides life to the hollow earth
  peoples, animals and giant plant life, and that the hollow
  earth country is a most beautiful and harmonious, peaceful
  place, that even the animals are friendly and able to
  communicate with humans te-epathically and are not
  aggressive. There are NO meat-eating animals in the hollow
  earth, but all eat vegetation instead. The inner atmosphere,
  Billie says, is so healthy that no disease can exist there, and if
  a diseased person coming from the surface would go there,
  they would be cured just by breathing the air. Before Billie was
  taken to the hollow earth at age 12, Billie had minor childhood
  sicknesses like colds, and tonsillitis, but when taken to the
  hollow earth, Billie's immune system was fortified to a more
  healthful state. Since then, Billie's health has deteriorated
  somewhat due to living on the surface again because of the
  pollution here, but knows that once he returns home to the
  hollow earth, his immune system will return to a completely
  healthy state.
  When Billie arrived at the hollow earth inner surface, they
  emerged from the shuttle station at the hollow earth capitol


20120318-Bio. Of Billie Faye Woodward. Part 2.-1158.html[12/03/2022 10:31:26]
Bio. Of Billie Faye Woodward. Part 2.

  City of Eden, the main city of the hollow earth. It is built
  around and within the original Garden of Eden on the highest
  mountain plateau of the inner continent and estimates it is
  located under the State of Arkansas or close to. Billie says
  that the world inside our earth has one continent and one
  ocean, but that there is more land inside the earth than on
  the exterior surface.
  Part 2.
  John Winston.           johnfw@mlode.com


20120318-Bio. Of Billie Faye Woodward. Part 2.-1158.html[12/03/2022 10:31:26]
