{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T13:27:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 34654, "source_ctime_ns": 1790680057120329766, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120626-Added-Numbers.-Part-2-of-2.-And-The-Wave.-Part-1.-1357.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790680057112029446, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/20120626-Added-Numbers.-Part-2-of-2.-And-The-Wave.-Part-1.-1357.pdf", "source_sha256": "5b8f441c2463b1397cea399f85bf9b54c0004d2b9e894b8d39db92359815a9ab"}

Added Numbers. Part 2 of 2. And The Wave. Part 1.


  Subject: Added Numbers. Part 2 of 2. And The Wave. Part 1.
  From: "John Winston" <johnfw@mlode.com>
  Date: 26/06/2012, 06:51
  Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy.area-51

  Subject: Added Numbers.                           Part 2 of 2.                June 25, 2012.
    After talking to these people I found out that a man that
  was at the table, who lived in Sierra Village, Calif. had a
  motion actvatede camer to take pictures of wild animals like
  squirrels and deer. That's the same town where I'm trying to
  take a picture of a Bigfoot. Maybe something can be worked
  out with him. The camers has about 9 mp.
    In the past people have had Bigfoots come up to them
  when they were burning some rabbit furr. I got an idea
  that might work. I'll try to find a dead rabbit that was killed
  by a car running over it and take some skin and furr from
  it and wrap it in tissue paper. Next I'll have someone set
  it on fire. When it is burning the furr it will put out a smell
  that will attact the Bigfoot to come to dinner.
    Last of all I tried this Added Number on a person who was
  somewhat retarded. He had a terrible time trying to
  follow the instructions and I had to correct him over
  and over about 15 times.
     That's all for now.
  John Winston.          johnfw@mlode.com
  ...............................
  Subject: The Wave.                                                                        June 25, 2012.
     Here are some things that might happen.
  ..................................................
  ..................................................
  From AbundantHope.net
  THE WAVE
  The Prophecy of Peter D-unov
  By Peter Deu-ov
  Jan 16, 2012=20
  The prophecy of Peter Deu-ov regarding the end of
  our civilization and the beginning of the Golden A-e on
  earth.
  Also known under the s-iritual name of Beinsa Douno,
  the Bulgarian M-ster Peter Deu-ov (1864-1944) was a
  being of a very high level of consciousness, at the same
  time an incomparable musician, that gave during his whole
  life an example of purity, wisdom, intelligence and
  creativity. For years he was established close to Sofia
  where he lived surrounded by numerous disciples,
  he, by his radiance, awakened the spi-ituality of
  thousands of s-uls in Bulgaria as well as the rest of
  Europe.
  Some days before his departure to the other world, he
  was in a profound mediumistic trance, he made an
  extraordinary prophecy in regards to our troubled
  epoch that we are crossing today, a prophecy about
  the "end of time" and the coming of a new Golden
  A-e of humanity.
  Here is this deeply moving testament. It is current and so
  vibrant that one doubts that these words were spoken
  almost 60 years ago.
  ***********
  "During the passage of time, the consciousness of man
  traversed a very long period of obscurity. This phase


20120626-Added Numbers. Part 2 of 2. And The Wave. Part 1.-1357.html[12/03/2022 10:33:07]
Added Numbers. Part 2 of 2. And The Wave. Part 1.

  which the Hindus call "Kali Yuga", is on the verge of
  ending. We find ourselves today at the frontier between
  two epochs: that of Kali Yuga and that of the New Era
  that we are entering.
  A gradual improvement is already occurring in the
  thoughts, sentiments and acts of humans, but everybody
  will soon be subjugated to d-vine Fire, that will purify
  and prepare them in regards to the New Era. Thus man
  will raise himself to a superior degree of consciousness,
  indispensable to his entrance to the New Life. That is
  what one understands by "Ascension".
  Some decades will pass before this Fire will come that
  will transform the world by bringing it a new moral.
  This immense wave comes from cosmic space and will
  inundate the entire earth. All those that attempt to oppose
  it will be carried off and transferred elsewhere.
  Although the inhabitants of this planet do not all find
  themselves at the same degree of evolution, the new
  wave will be felt by each one of us. And this
  transformation will not only touch the Earth, but the
  ensemble of the entire Cosmos.
  The best and only thing that man can do now is to turn
  towards God and improve himself consciously, to
  elevate his vibratory level, so as to find himself in
  harmony with the powerful wave that will soon
  submerge him.
  The Fire of which I speak, that accompanies the new
  conditions offered to our planet, will rejuvenate,
  purify, reconstruct everything: the matter will be
  refined, your hearts will be liberated from anguish,
  troubles, incertitude, and they will become luminous;
  everything will be improved, elevated; the thoughts,
  sentiments and negative acts will be consumed and
  destroyed.
  Your present life is a slavery, a heavy prison. Understand
  your situation and liberate yourself from it. I tell you
  this: exit from your prison! It is really sorry to see so
  much misleading, so much suffering, so much incapacity
  to understand where one's true happiness lies.
  Everything that is around you will soon collapse and
  disappear. Nothing will be left of this civilization nor its
  perversity; the entire earth will be shaken and no trace
  will be left of this erroneous culture that maintains men
  under the yoke of ignorance. Earthquakes are not only
  mechanical phenomen, their goal is also to awaken the
  intellect and the heart of humans, so that they liberate
  themselves from their errors and their follies and that
  they understand that they are not the only ones in the
  universe.
  Our solar system is now traversing a region of the
  Cosmos where a constellation that was destroyed
  left its mark, its dust. This crossing of a contaminated
  space is a source of poisoning, not only for the
  inhabitants of the earth, but for all the inhabitants of
  the other planets of our galaxy. Only the suns are not
  affected by the influence of this hostile environment. This
  region is called "the thirteenth zone"; one also calls it
  "the zone of contradictions". Our planet was enclosed
  in this region for thousands of years, but finally we are
  approaching the exit of this space of darkness and we are
  on the point of attaining a more spiritual region, where
  more evolved beings live.
  The earth is now following an ascending movement and
  everyone should force themselves to harmonize with the
  currents of the ascension. Those who refuse to subjugate
  themselves to this orientation will lose the advantage of
  good conditions that are offered in the future to elevate
  themselves. They will remain behind in evolution and
  must wait tens of millions of years for the coming of a
  new ascending wave.
  The earth, the solar system, the universe, all are being


20120626-Added Numbers. Part 2 of 2. And The Wave. Part 1.-1357.html[12/03/2022 10:33:07]
Added Numbers. Part 2 of 2. And The Wave. Part 1.

  put in a new direction under the impulsion of Love. Most
  of you still consider Love as a derisory force, but in
  reality, it is the greatest of all forces! Money and power
  continue to be venerated as if the course of your life
  depended upon it.
  In the future, all will be subjugated to Love and all
  will serve it. But it is through suffering and difficulties
  that the consciousness of man will be awakened.
  The terrible predictions of the prophet Daniel written
  in the bible relate to the epoch that is opening. There
  will be floods, hurricanes, gigantic fires and earthquakes
  that will sweep away everything. Blood will flow in
  abundance. There will be revolutions; terrible explosions
  will resound in numerous regions of the earth. There
  where there is earth, water will come, and there
  where there is water, earth will come. God is Love; yet
  we are dealing here with a chastisement, a reply by
  Nature against the crimes perpetrated by man since
  the night of time against his Mother; the Earth.
  After these sufferings, those that will be saved, the
  elite, will know the Golden Age, harmony and unlimited
  beauty. Thus keep your peace and your faith when the
  time comes for suffering and terror, because it is
  written that not a hair will fall from the head of the
  just. Don't be discouraged, simply follow your work of
  personal perfection.
  You have no idea of the grandiose future that awaits
  you. A New Earth will soon see day. In a few decades
  the work will be less exacting, and each one will have
  the time to consecrate spiritual, intellectual and artistic
  activities. The question of rapport between man and
  woman will be finally resolved in harmony; each one
  having the possibility of following their aspirations.
  The relations of couples will be founded on reciprocal
  respect and esteem. Humans will voyage through the
  different planes of space and breakthrough intergalactic
  space. They will study their functioning and will rapidly be
  able to know the Divine World, to fusion with the Head of
  the Universe.
  The New Era is that of the sixth race. Your predestination
  is to prepare yourself for it, to welcome it and to live it.
  The sixth race will build itself around the idea of
  Fraternity. There will be no more conflicts of personal
  interests; the single aspiration of each one will be to
  conform himself to the Law of Love. The sixth race will
  be that of Love. A new continent will be formed for it.
  It will emerge from the Pacific, so that the Most High can
  finally establish His place on this planet.
  The founders of this new civilization, I call them
  "Brothers of Humanity" or also "Children of Love" They
  will be unshakeable for the good and they will represent
  a new type of men. Men will form a family, as a large
  body, and each people will represent an organ in this
  body. In the new race, Love will manifest in such a
  perfect manner, that today's man can only have a very
  vague idea.
  The earth will remain a terrain favourable to struggle,
  but the forces of darkness will retreat and the earth
  will be liberated from them. Humans seeing that there
  is no other path will engage themselves to the path of
  the New Life, that of salvation. In their senseless pride,
  some will, to the end hope to continue on earth a life
  that the Divine Order condemns, but each one will finish
  by understanding that the direction of the world doesn't
  belong to them.
  A new culture will see the light of day, it will rest on
  three principal foundations: the elevation of woman, the
  elevation of the meek and humble, and the protection
  of the rights of man.
  The light, the good, and justice will triumph; it is just a
  question of time. The religions should be purified. Each
  contains a particle of the Teaching of the Masters of
  Light, but obscured by the incessant supply of human


20120626-Added Numbers. Part 2 of 2. And The Wave. Part 1.-1357.html[12/03/2022 10:33:07]
Added Numbers. Part 2 of 2. And The Wave. Part 1.

  deviation. All the believers will have to unite and to
  put themselves in agreement with one principal, that
  of placing Love as the base of all belief, whatever it
  may be. Love and Fraternity that is the common base!
  The earth will soon be swept by extraordinary rapid waves
  of Cosmic Electricity. A few decades from now beings
  who are bad and lead others astray will not be able to
  support their intensity. They will thus be absorbed by
  Cosmic Fire that will consume the bad that they
  possess. Then they will repent because it is written
  that "each flesh shall glorify G-d".
  Part 1.
  John Winston              johnfw@mlode.com


20120626-Added Numbers. Part 2 of 2. And The Wave. Part 1.-1357.html[12/03/2022 10:33:07]
