{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T01:31:28Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 39809, "source_ctime_ns": 1790386280928863876, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2014-07-03_Theology-and-Science---Vol-12-No-3---Albert-A-Harrison.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790386280926758721, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2014-07-03_Theology-and-Science---Vol-12-No-3---Albert-A-Harrison.pdf", "source_sha256": "aefd2fc0f5afdf0c9f08e6d51d8014e5c12eea90da6ad405663df8b8bc5abd90"}

Theology and Science, 2014
Vol. 12, No. 3, 285–292


Book Reviews


Ted Peters UFOs: God’s Chariots? Spirituality, Ancient Aliens and Religious Yearnings
in the Age of Extraterrestrials
Pompton Plains, NJ: New Page Books, 2014. $16.99 ISBN 978-1-60163-318-7

In this substantially revised and updated edition of UFOs: God’s Chariots (originally
published in 1977), Ted Peters presents a compelling overview of UFOlogy includ-
ing its scientiﬁc and theological foundations and implications. Polls conducted over
many years show that appreciable numbers of people believe that advanced space-
craft are visiting Earth; that humans have seen and interacted with these alien
astronauts; and that governments are withholding the truth from the people.
Whether or not UFOs are real in a physical and tangible sense, beliefs about
UFOs are real and have real consequences. These include disenchantment with
“mainstream” science, rejection of traditional religious views, and declining trust
in government. For almost seventy years, interest in UFOs has persisted despite
loud and repetitive claims that UFOlogy is scientiﬁcally worthless, spiritually
bankrupt, and unpatriotic.
   The UFO story ranges from lights in the skies through long-term involvement
with aliens and massive cover-up plots invoking the military–intelligence–indus-
trial complex; secret societies, such as the Knights Templar and the Ark of the Cove-
nant; Rosicrucians and Freemasons; and Nazi technology and occult practices. It
continues to grow in complexity. Ted Peters has prepared himself for UFOs:
God’s Chariots? by surveying the academic literature, getting immersed in UFO
books, interviewing people with vastly different perspectives, and participating
actively in UFO conventions and conferences.
   In this book, Peters explores the roles of science and religion in UFOlogy, as seen
from afar by elite academics and by workers within the ﬁeld. His focus is on the
largely overlooked theological and spiritual dimensions, but he also takes a hard
look at efforts to distinguish between science and pseudoscience. (Will the real
scientists please stand up?) He explains why it is no longer sufﬁcient to distinguish
between “believers” and “skeptics,” and addresses moral issues such as the use of
smear tactics to impugn honest witnesses.
   Authoritative, well written, and liberally salted with engaging case reports,
Peters’ book is organized in part by a clever typology of aliens. These are Interstel-
lar Diplomats, sent to establish relations with the peoples of Earth; Research Scien-
tists, that come to explore, take geological and biological specimens, and learn
about human peoples and cultures; Celestial Saviors, purporting to offer hope
and salvation; and Hybridizers, that study and sometimes impregnate abducted
women.
286   Theology and Science

   Peters’ central thesis is that atavistic religious needs—to grasp all that is and
orient ourselves within it, to ﬁnd moral guidance, to maintain hope, and to
receive forgiveness—remain in full force today. However, in our increasingly
materialistic world so heavily dominated by science, satisfying these needs
with traditional religious values has become difﬁcult. Ensconced in a culture that
discourages them from pinning their hopes on God, many people turn to
science and technology for comfort. Fascination with the prospects of
interstellar spacecraft piloted by visitors from benevolent and wise extraterrestrial
civilizations is one manifestation of this. Religious themes appear openly (as in the
case of UFO religions) or implicitly (when people turn to advanced spacemen for
answers to great existential questions, for succor and support, and for a brighter
future).
   In the 1950s, a number of mostly American prophets or “contactees” claimed
that they had been visited by superior humanoids from Mars, Venus, or a more
distant world bringing glad tidings and warning Earthlings about the dangers
of nuclear warfare, and urging everyone to cooperate and live in harmony.
Soon there emerged a succession of UFO religions (described variously as cults
and new religious movements) which predict that UFOs will save those who
believe. This is not recommended theology because an inﬁnite, omniscient,
eternal, transcendent, and forgiving supernatural God is abandoned for purely
ﬁnite natural beings that by virtue of our admiration for advanced technology
project god-like qualities. Unwavering faith in science and technology also
provide a framework for claims that “ancient aliens” kick-started life on Earth
and intervened over the years to better human evolution and culture. Ancient
alien theorists believe that they are scientiﬁc and do not consider that they are pro-
moting false idols. Peters’ analysis of ancient alien claims is insightful and devas-
tating. Even researchers who study abductees’ claims such as “I talked to Jesus” or
“I saw God” are so focused on ﬁnding scientiﬁc explanations that they are blind to
theology.
   In the early days, both demons and angels ﬂew ﬂying saucers; but over time, it
was the angels who gained the upper hand. Peters argues that despite its
deﬁciencies, UFO theology is consistent with the Ten Commandments and is a
theology of hope. Peters acknowledges the trauma and stress in reported alien
abduction experiences, but points out that under the guidance of caring and
talented psychotherapists the ordeal can eventuate in a positive transformation.
Still, some experienced UFOlogists see something sinister, treacherous and evil
about certain types of alien—sometimes referred to as extraterrestrial biological
entities (EBEs). Crude, powerful, self-serving and duplicitous, these devilish enti-
ties are more reminiscent of Jung’s archetypes, the shadow and the trickster,
than of Freud’s ego ideal.
   Welcome additions to this new edition include detailed analyses of reported
abduction experiences; expanding his new ﬁeld of astrotheology; an explanation
of the ETI myth; and the results of the author’s Religious Crisis Survey, which
strongly supports other evidence that contrary to scientists’ dire expectations
people do not believe that the discovery of extraterrestrial life will shatter their
faith. All things considered, the newly revised UFOs: Gods Chariots? is a worthy
                                                                Book Reviews      287

successor to the ﬁrst edition, offering a fresh opportunity for a new generation of
readers and a thoroughly updated and expanded work for readers who remember
the 1977 edition.

                                                                ALBERT A. HARRISON
                                                University of California, Davis, USA
                                                       © 2014, Albert A. Harrison
                                 http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/14746700.2014.927257


Amos Yong The Spirit of Creation: Modern Science and Divine Action in the Pentecostal-
Charismatic Imagination
Grand Rapids, MI: WB Eerdmans, 2011. 256 pp. $32.00 ISBN 978-0802866127

Pentecostal theology is a ﬁeld of increasing academic interest. One of the main
contributors to the academic development of Pentecostal theology is professor
Amos Yong, with his characteristic interdisciplinary perspective. His new book
The Spirit of Creation addresses the relationship between Pentecostal theology and
science.
   The Spirit of Creation, mainly a collection of published material from various
periodicals, consists of six chapters. In the ﬁrst chapter, Yong paints a picture of
the history of Pentecostalism and modern science, addressing his purpose for
publishing this book. Then he examines the science of Pentecostalism, and sets
out to “display the illuminative power of science regarding Pentecostalism while
yet also securing a noneliminative or nonreductionistic interpretation of the
latter” (p. 34). In chapters 3, 4 and 5, he explores science–theology in more depth
and relates them to his pneumatology and the understanding of God’s action.
Chapter 3 analyzes the “divine action project”; chapter 4, teleology, eschatology,
and the activity of the Spirit; chapter 5, a pneumatological theology of emergence;
and chapter 6, a pneumatological cosmology.
   Pentecostal theology does not have a long history of involvement with the
sciences, and Yong observes a gap between science and Pentecostal theology.
Yong tries to bridge this gap in The Spirit of Creation, and describes the gap as a
span between “supernaturalistic religion like Pentecostalism” and “the naturalistic
and rationalistic world of modern science” (p. 1).
   Why should Pentecostals deal with science? Yong identiﬁes three reasons. First
of all, Pentecostals are themselves children of the modern world. Secondly,
failure to engage with modern science could undermine the vitality and future of
Pentecostalism. Thirdly, Pentecostalism in a way represents an alternative to mod-
ernity, though born in the midst of modernity. Yong characterizes Pentecostal spiri-
tuality as a countermodernist discourse: “As such, Pentecostal spirituality signiﬁes
an eruption in the modern world of the nonrational (not irrational) elements of
human feeling, expression, and experience that oppose not the methodologies of
science and engineering disciplines but the overextended claims of science”
(p. 11). According to Yong, Pentecostalism contributes with an experiential, empiri-
cal and pragmatic orientation that can enrich science–theology discourse.
