{"created_utc": "2026-09-09T08:13:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 199901, "source_ctime_ns": 1788532160260387961, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2014-07-03_Journal-of-Transatlantic-Studies---Vol-12-No-3---Eghigian.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788532160250065359, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2014-07-03_Journal-of-Transatlantic-Studies---Vol-12-No-3---Eghigian.pdf", "source_sha256": "966b607a3cb82d941905a76b74fcc1223171894459a27a00dc234a195b6faf92"}

This article was downloaded by: [Dicle University]
On: 12 November 2014, At: 01:16
Publisher: Routledge
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered
office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK


                                   Journal of Transatlantic Studies
                                   Publication details, including instructions for authors and
                                   subscription information:
                                   http://www.tandfonline.com/loi/rjts20

                                   ‘A transatlantic buzz’: flying saucers,
                                   extraterrestrials and America in
                                   postwar Germany
                                                 a
                                   Greg Eghigian
                                   a
                                    Department of History, Penn State University, State College, PA,
                                   USA
                                   Published online: 08 Jul 2014.


To cite this article: Greg Eghigian (2014) ‘A transatlantic buzz’: flying saucers, extraterrestrials
and America in postwar Germany, Journal of Transatlantic Studies, 12:3, 282-303, DOI:
10.1080/14794012.2014.928032

To link to this article: http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/14794012.2014.928032


PLEASE SCROLL DOWN FOR ARTICLE

Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the
“Content”) contained in the publications on our platform. However, Taylor & Francis,
our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to
the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content. Any opinions
and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors,
and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis. The accuracy of the Content
should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources
of information. Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims,
proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or
howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising
out of the use of the Content.

This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes. Any
substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing,
systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden. Terms &
Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-
and-conditions
                                                             Journal of Transatlantic Studies, 2014
                                                             Vol. 12, No. 3, 282–303, http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/14794012.2014.928032


                                                             ‘A transatlantic buzz’: flying saucers, extraterrestrials and America
                                                             in postwar Germany
                                                             Greg Eghigian*

                                                             Department of History, Penn State University, State College, PA, USA

                                                                    The years 1946–1960 saw a wave of reports of flying saucer sightings on both
                                                                    sides of the Atlantic. To date, however, few scholars have examined how the
                                                                    phenomenon moved across states and regions, what responses it garnered and


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                                    what impact it had on contemporary thought and values. This article examines
                                                                    how the mainstream press and public intellectuals in postwar West and East
                                                                    Germany reported on and discussed flying saucer reports. The evidence shows
                                                                    that both cold war geopolitics and the occult were used to explain sightings, but
                                                                    that suspected American influences and anti-American sentiments figured heavily
                                                                    in how most reports were interpreted. Flying saucers thus functioned as cyphers
                                                                    for considering alien influences in postwar society.
                                                                    Keywords: UFOs; flying saucers; press; Germany; anti-Americanism


                                                             From May until November of 1946, thousands of Swedes were joined by residents in
                                                             Norway, Finland and northern Germany in reporting having seen cigar-shaped or
                                                             circular wingless missiles, often with bright lights, moving at very fast speeds in the
                                                             skies overhead. The Ghost Rocket Scare of 1946, as it came to be known, caught the
                                                             interest not only of the European lay public. The American and British intelligence
                                                             communities at the time also took notice and were divided on what to make of these
                                                             reports. While some experts believed that the rockets were figments of the nervous
                                                             imaginations of European citizens, others considered the missiles real and likely
                                                             Soviet in origin.1
                                                                 Reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) were, of course, a prominent part
                                                             of popular media and public life following the Second World War – nowhere more
                                                             so than in the USA. In fact, by 1996, a Gallup poll revealed that 51% of American
                                                             men and 40% of American women believed that UFOs had visited the earth in some
                                                             form or another.2 This result squares with the evidence of US government officials,
                                                             journalists, historians and social scientists, who have documented the precipitous rise
                                                             in reported sightings of UFOs during the second half of the twentieth century. Since
                                                             1946, the general public have been joined by pilots, radar technicians, celebrities and
                                                             even politicians in claiming to have seen and/or had contact with alien spacecrafts
                                                             and their crews.
                                                                 The ubiquity of sightings and belief in extraterrestrial encounters, however,
                                                             stands in marked contrast to the social study of the UFO phenomenon, which has
                                                             been relatively scant and often skewed. Academics have very often either dismissed

                                                             *Email: gae2@psu.edu
                                                             © 2014 Board of Transatlantic Studies
                                                                                                              Journal of Transatlantic Studies    283

                                                             the subject as too preposterous to warrant study or ridiculed believers as crackpots
                                                             and simpletons. Religion scholar Brenda Denzler, sociologist Erich Goode and
                                                             political scientists Alexander Wendt and Raymond Duvall, however, have rightly
                                                             argued that the perceptions, theories and activities surrounding UFO sightings
                                                             represent complex and consequential social phenomena meriting social scientific
                                                             examination.3
                                                                 Denzler and others have been attentive to another, often neglected, aspect of
                                                             strange aircraft sightings: they have a history. There have been changing patterns in
                                                             reports and conjectures about UFOs, patterns which can be chronicled and analysed
                                                             using conventional historical methods. During the late 1940s and early 1950s, for
                                                             example, accounts of sightings rarely reported physical encounters with aliens, and
                                                             even then, the latter were most often considered to be beneficent. Over the course of
                                                             the 1960s, however, an increasing number of stories emerged of abductions by
                                                             merciless extraterrestrials.4


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                                 Examining the reports of UFOs and extraterrestrial encounters in the USA,
                                                             scholars have consistently interpreted them against the backdrop of the cold war.
                                                             The ‘flying saucer myth’, Curtis Peebles has argued, reflected the peculiar suspicions,
                                                             exaggerations and paranoias characteristic of cold war anxieties.5 Thus, accounts of
                                                             alien encounters can be seen as part of a more general culture of conspiracy, as
                                                             narratives expressing and providing an explanation for the feelings of vulnerability
                                                             and powerlessness experienced by many Americans during this time.6
                                                                 Yet, one other aspect of UFO and alien sightings, however, has largely been
                                                             ignored altogether until recently: the fact that they have been a global social
                                                             phenomenon. Though often linked most closely to the USA, sightings have been
                                                             reported across the globe, and support groups have sprung up throughout the entire
                                                             world.7 The spread in popularity since 1950 of films, television shows, toys, comic
                                                             books and stories featuring UFOs and extraterrestrials has helped ensure continued
                                                             worldwide interest in the subject. Yet still, we know very little about the history of
                                                             how the phenomenon moved across states and regions, what responses it garnered
                                                             and what impact it had on contemporary thought and values.8
                                                                 How then did reports of UFOs and alien encounters play out elsewhere in the
                                                             world? Was there much interest in the subject? If so, what aspects of these reports
                                                             drew the most attention? And is there evidence that cold war concerns directly
                                                             influenced the reception of reported UFO sightings?
                                                                 This essay attempts to begin addressing these questions by examining how UFO
                                                             sightings were reported and discussed in one of the central theatres of the cold war,
                                                             Germany, from the end of the Second World War until around 1960. This period is
                                                             an especially critical one in the history of UFO sightings, for it coincides with what is
                                                             widely referred to as the ‘flying saucer era’, a time when the term ‘flying saucer’ was
                                                             first coined and became largely synonymous with strange airship sightings.9 It is also
                                                             distinctive in that, throughout much of this period, film and UFO communities
                                                             played far less of a role in shaping public perceptions than would become the case
                                                             from the late 1950s onwards. Similar to what historian Brett Holman has observed in
                                                             the case of interwar air panic in Great Britain, the press was the public’s main source
                                                             of information about flying saucers in postwar Germany.10
                                                                 My aim, then, is to consider how flying saucers were discussed and understood
                                                             by those taking up the subject in newspapers, magazines and books, as part of what
                                                             historian Alexander Geppert refers to as the ‘astroculture’ of the twentieth century.11
                                                             284   G. Eghigian

                                                             Those doing so were primarily journalists and public intellectuals, along with a
                                                             handful of writers and researchers, on both sides of the iron curtain. And they
                                                             proved quite willing not only to debate the veracity of claims, but also to reflect on
                                                             the broader meaning of the sightings being made. No matter whether one believed in
                                                             their extraterrestrial origins or considered them the invention of one or both of the
                                                             superpowers or shrugged them off as figments of wild imaginations, virtually all
                                                             commentators held the view that flying saucers carried something other than crews:
                                                             they carried meanings.
                                                                 In the end, study of the flying saucer phenomenon12 in postwar Germany reveals
                                                             that reports and coverage were far more diverse in content than is commonly
                                                             acknowledged. Nevertheless, most secondary accounts did explicitly link sightings to
                                                             some of the most pressing geopolitical questions of the time. The civilian bombing
                                                             campaigns of the Second World War, the spread of American influence, escalating
                                                             tensions between the USA and the USSR and the emergence and proliferation of


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             nuclear weapons were all regularly part of how flying saucer reports were
                                                             interpreted. Indeed, the USA played a pivotal role in the German reception of
                                                             sightings, widely understood to be the chief catalyst of events. In Germany at least,
                                                             UFOs were a decidedly transatlantic phenomenon, one that prompted speculation
                                                             and debate about the influence of alien and foreign powers.


                                                             The arrival of the flying saucers and the history of strange airship sightings
                                                             The history of central Europe’s postwar preoccupation with flying saucers can be
                                                             traced back most directly to the Ghost Rocket Scare of 1946. But what kept UFOs
                                                             alive in the public eye was a steady flow of news reports, military investigations and
                                                             announcements and speculative books, most originating in the USA. Especially
                                                             critical was an event that took place several months after the Ghost Rocket Scare. In
                                                             June 1947, a private pilot by the name of Kenneth Arnold was flying over
                                                             Washington state in the USA when, as he recounted, he saw what looked like nine
                                                             odd-shaped aircraft flying in formation at around 10,000 feet. Arnold described them
                                                             as ‘flat like a pie pan and somewhat bat-shaped’. Interviewed by the press soon
                                                             afterwards, he explained that the objects ‘flew like a saucer would if you skipped it
                                                             across water’. Though never uttering the phrase ‘flying saucers’, newspapers
                                                             throughout the world rapidly adopted the term, and a Gallup poll published a few
                                                             weeks after Arnold’s encounter revealed that 9 out of 10 Americans were already
                                                             familiar with the moniker. Within months, the expressions ‘flying saucer’ and ‘flying
                                                             disk’ had become not only ubiquitous, but synonymous with sightings of unusual
                                                             aircraft.13
                                                                 While the Ghost Rocket Scare of 1946 and the Arnold incident in 1947 marked
                                                             the beginning of postwar accounts of UFOs, it needs to be acknowledged that
                                                             reports of strange airships were hardly new. In fact, some of the earliest reports of
                                                             odd flying machines date back to the early nineteenth century. Analysts, however,
                                                             have focused on several waves of well-publicised airship scares taking place in
                                                             Africa, Great Britain, New Zealand and North America during the years 1896–
                                                             1918.14 The UK appears to have been especially prone to these scares, with one
                                                             taking place over several months in 1909 – a decade after the first zeppelins were
                                                             developed in Germany – and again during the First World War, when there were
                                                             numerous reports of ‘phantom’ dirigibles and strange airships in the skies. As British
                                                                                                             Journal of Transatlantic Studies    285

                                                             historians have noted, a common element to most of these panics was widespread
                                                             fear of invasion by foreign countries.15
                                                                 Notable scares and peculiar aerial observations took place also before and during
                                                             the Second World War. Orson Welles’ Mercury Theater on the Air radio production
                                                             of War of the Worlds on 30 October 1938 famously provoked many residents of the
                                                             northeastern USA to call police and newspapers in a panic convinced that poison gas
                                                             was quickly moving to engulf their neighbourhoods.16 In the last several years of the
                                                             Second World War, American bomber crews over Germany and, later, in the
                                                             Pacific, reported encountering strange fireballs during some of their nighttime raids.
                                                             These ‘foo-fighters’, as airmen dubbed them, appeared to track, dive and zoom with
                                                             enormous velocity. At the time considered to be either a new German anti-aircraft
                                                             weapon or simply a natural phenomenon (such as St. Elmo’s Fire), a report of the
                                                             Office of Scientific Intelligence of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in January
                                                             1953 later concluded, ‘if the term “flying saucers” had been popular in 1943–1945,


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             these objects would have been so labelled’.17


                                                             Early postwar German reactions to flying saucer sightings
                                                             Thus, when details about ghost rockets and flying saucers began publicly circulating
                                                             in 1946 and 1947, they did not simply light on empty ground. Earlier precedents had
                                                             already established some conventional terms by which these oddities could be
                                                             understood and discussed. As previous claims had shown, strange airships were
                                                             characterised by having uncanny, yet not altogether unfamiliar, shapes and exhibited
                                                             extraordinary movements. Though there were isolated cases of purported encounters
                                                             with the pilots of some of these remarkable vessels, almost all reports were of simple
                                                             sightings of aircraft: the identity of the crews inside remained shrouded in mystery.
                                                             With a large number of observations taking place in volatile political climates, where
                                                             the spectre or reality of war was palpable, explanations tended to run along two
                                                             lines: while some believed the curious aircraft were weapons of foreign powers,
                                                             others chalked the observations up to natural phenomena and human misperception.
                                                                 Western German press coverage of early UFO sightings largely followed these
                                                             patterns. Two things, however, set postwar reports apart from earlier ones. First, the
                                                             features attributed to the aircraft were somewhat consistent with rockets and
                                                             missiles, though the talk was repeatedly of ‘flying saucers’ and ‘flying disks’. Some
                                                             of the earliest sightings in Germany were made in the summer of 1947, with
                                                             newspaper readers in Passau reporting having seen ‘a wide elliptical object with a
                                                             long red, fiery tail’ and large lights.18 Around this same time, mountain climbers
                                                             recounted observing two odd flying objects crash and explode in the Pyrenees
                                                             Mountains.19
                                                                 The rocket-like features of flying saucers reflected a second unique aspect of early
                                                             postwar reports; they were directly influenced by the experience of the Second World
                                                             War and the cold war. By 1946, inhabitants of Europe were well familiar with the
                                                             Third Reich’s use of ballistic V-rockets starting in 1944. At the same time, they were
                                                             equally cognisant of American and Soviet rocketry and each country’s quest for
                                                             military superiority. It therefore was hardly surprising that many UFO accounts at
                                                             the time described flying saucers as exhibiting rocket-like features.
                                                                 This frame of reference also contributed to the emergence of two common
                                                             explanations for the phenomenon. A sceptical perspective held that the sightings
                                                             286   G. Eghigian

                                                             were merely concoctions of the over-heated imaginations of Americans and
                                                             Europeans craving novelty and excitement during an otherwise slow summer news
                                                             cycle.20 Reports of flying saucers in China, Denmark, Germany, Iran, Italy and
                                                             Sweden were, as the magazine Der Spiegel put it, the result of ‘a transatlantic buzz’
                                                             emanating from the faddish USA.21 Others, however, took the sightings more
                                                             seriously and held that observers were witnessing captured V-rockets being tested by
                                                             the Soviet Union.22 This viewpoint was also held by many in the American
                                                             intelligence community at the time, which regarded the presence of flying saucers
                                                             to be primarily a security matter.23
                                                                 A piece on the Ghost Rocket Scare in the weekly Die Zeit from August 1946
                                                             perhaps best captures the peculiar state of bemusement in which many Germans
                                                             found themselves during these early days of the flying saucer era. Reports of ‘aircraft
                                                             of unknown origin having flown over Swedish territory’ is something ‘we were able
                                                             to read about any number of times during the war’, the paper noted. ‘But doesn’t


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             peace now prevail in the world? Hasn’t a new order been established by the UN, in
                                                             order to make war impossible once and for all?’ America’s atomic bomb tests
                                                             perhaps held the key. ‘Already reports from military sources have circulated about
                                                             remote-controlled atomic projectiles that can be fired from the United States to
                                                             reach any point on earth’, the story went on. ‘A musical accompaniment to the peace
                                                             conference? A warning shot for anyone considering using these weapons in the
                                                             future, or a demonstrative return of power until a new rearmament once again
                                                             flourishes?’24
                                                                 The article gives voice to a historically unique kind of bewilderment, and it
                                                             reveals just how underdetermined – in contrast to reported sightings after 1960 – the
                                                             flying saucer phenomenon could be during its early years. Questions, possibilities,
                                                             alternatives: a flexible multiplicity of lines of speculation coexisted in response to the
                                                             first wave of reports. Set against the backdrop of memories of a violent recent past
                                                             and plans for a new international peace, however, flying saucers were especially
                                                             effective in serving as a kind of a material cypher onto which anxieties about the
                                                             looming cold war and America’s ascendancy could be projected. Even with so little
                                                             known about them, these flying objects were seen as exposing the precarious position
                                                             of postwar Europeans situated between peril and hope.


                                                             After the aliens arrived I: flying saucers as an American disease
                                                             The earliest reports about UFOs in postwar western Germany made little, if any,
                                                             reference to aliens from another world. Explanations remained terrestrially grounded
                                                             in geopolitics, weather and human sensory perception. While the identity of the
                                                             objects remained a mystery, newspapers showed little interest in paranormal
                                                             interpretations, with the exception of occasional invocations of the Loch Ness
                                                             Monster craze by way of comparison.
                                                                 Things quickly began to change, however. Once again, reports from abroad –
                                                             especially, the USA – provided the impetus. First came word of the first fatality
                                                             associated with UFOs. US Air Force pilot Thomas Mantell died in January 1948,
                                                             after his plane crashed while pursuing a UFO. While it would later be revealed that
                                                             Mantell had lost consciousness while chasing a high-altitude balloon, officials at the
                                                             time offered the less-than-convincing explanation that he had mistaken the planet
                                                                                                               Journal of Transatlantic Studies      287

                                                             Venus for an aircraft.25 All this helped fuel speculation that UFOs were significant
                                                             enough for US officials to disseminate misinformation.
                                                                 This was followed by the publication of two books garnering a good deal of
                                                             international attention. In 1950, former US marine Donald Keyhoe made headlines
                                                             with The Flying Saucers Are Real. In it, Keyhoe detailed UFO sightings considered
                                                             by the US Air Force to be still unexplained, including the Mantell case, and argued
                                                             that American authorities were investigating reports of flying saucers, but were
                                                             engaged in a cover-up, in order to stem a mass panic. In addition, he drew three
                                                             conclusions which were widely circulated by the media: that flying saucers were
                                                             interplanetary spaceships, that the earth had been under observation by other planets
                                                             for centuries and that atomic bomb explosions in 1945 had precipitated an increase
                                                             in these extraterrestrial observations.26
                                                                 Then, in 1953, Desmond Leslie and George Adamski published Flying Saucers
                                                             Have Landed, a book which recounts Adamski’s purported encounter with a flying


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             saucer and one of its crew members, a Venusian named Orthon.27 According to
                                                             Adamski, Orthon communicated with him through telepathy and sign language,
                                                             warning him about the dangers of nuclear weapons and eventually taking him on a
                                                             tour of the solar system. The book included a photograph of what Adamski said was
                                                             a genuine flying saucer, seeming to lend credence to his incredible story.
                                                                 The claims of Keyhoe, Leslie and Adamski drew worldwide attention. By 1960,
                                                             Flying Saucers Have Landed had sold over one million copies and had been
                                                             translated into 50 different languages. The success of the two books, as David Clarke
                                                             and Andy Roberts have argued, helped spark the birth of a historically new
                                                             endeavour: the dedicated, mostly amateur, study of UFOs and of their investiga-
                                                             tions, also known as UFology.28 Together, the three authors contributed new
                                                             elements to the flying saucer story: saucers as extraterrestrial in origin, their
                                                             appearance being linked to atomic weapons, and their occupants as enigmatic
                                                             figures with arcane knowledge. At the same time, Keyhoe, Leslie and Adamski
                                                             ushered in a new and enduring way to investigate and read reports of flying saucers
                                                             by gaining access to classified sources of information, critically questioning official
                                                             explanations and speculating on the meaning of UFOs and the intentions of their
                                                             crews.
                                                                 The stories of Arnold, Mantell, Keyhoe and Adamski enjoyed regular press
                                                             coverage by the West German press in the years 1950–1954.29 Although most articles
                                                             expressed varying degrees of scepticism about claims of alien visitation, the UFO
                                                             reports aroused consternation. Citing Keyhoe, an article in the Mittelbayerischen
                                                             Zeitung made the point that ‘the methods of the unknown beings who have
                                                             developed these airships on a planet far away square with the astronautical
                                                             knowledge of American scientists, who will only be able to first realise their plans
                                                             over the next fifty years’.30 Hallucinations, optical illusions and pranks simply could
                                                             not account for all the reports coming in, wrote journalist Claus Jacobi in the spring
                                                             of 1950.

                                                               For today, three years after the appearance of the first “Flying Plates”, already
                                                               thousands have seen “Flying Saucers”, with and without binoculars, in America, China,
                                                               Turkey, Persia, Mexico and Uruguay, during the day and at night, officers and
                                                               meteorologists, pilots and simple folk. There is already “something to this”, something
                                                             288   G. Eghigian

                                                               to these “Flying Saucers”. The question is no longer: do they exist? Rather: what’s
                                                               behind all this? No one knows.31

                                                                 Reports of the first sightings of flying saucers over Germany and the rest of
                                                             Europe only added to the unease and speculation.32
                                                                 Conjectures continued to run the gamut of an albeit increasingly standardised
                                                             range of explanations. For those unwilling to chalk up the incidents to optical
                                                             illusions and unusual weather, the cold war provided the most compelling
                                                             framework for explaining the wave of sightings. As had been the case during the
                                                             Ghost Rocket Scare of 1946, some continued to suspect that the Soviet Union was
                                                             experimenting with captured German V-rocket technology. Most observers, how-
                                                             ever, looked to the USA for terrestrial explanations, with arguments generally
                                                             running in one of two directions. Either the UFOs were secret – most likely nuclear –
                                                             weapons of the US Air Force, intended to convince the Soviet Union that it


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             possessed rocket-propelled planes, ‘which can deliver atomic bombs to their
                                                             destinations with the greatest precision’.33 Or the reports were an expression of
                                                             America’s characteristic susceptibility to crazes, what one paper referred to as the
                                                             country’s ‘flying saucer disease’.34 American consumer culture – the marketing of
                                                             toys, comics and children’s books with flying saucer themes – coupled with its
                                                             residents’ anxieties about the USSR and recent communist victories in east Asia
                                                             were credited with promoting a veritable mass hysteria there.35 This latter line of
                                                             speculation squared especially well with anti-American currents in European
                                                             conservative and highbrow thought at the time that considered Europe to be the
                                                             bastion of western, high culture in opposition to a naive and uncultured American
                                                             way of life.36
                                                                 To some observers, the real threat posed by flying saucer sightings lay in the fear
                                                             they generated. As University of Hamburg astronomer Hans Haffner summed up in
                                                             the fall of 1954, ‘Reports of flying saucers have produced confusion, doubt, panic,
                                                             and hysteria throughout the western world’.37 Haffner’s worry was that the
                                                             phenomenon was contributing to the erosion of scientific rationality. A similar
                                                             concern was expressed by the Viennese artist and social critic Karl Bednarik, who
                                                             took the UFO craze to be a symptom of a contemporary state of pervasive anxiety
                                                             (Lebensangst), one caused by a postwar interpersonal isolationism that threw people
                                                             into the waiting arms of gags and fads.38 If one could rightly speak of an evolving
                                                             European solidarity in the wake of the Second World War, Claus Jacobi argued in
                                                             April 1950, flying saucers revealed the true nature of that solidarity. After reports of
                                                             UFOs over London and Munich stirred unease and disorder there, Jacobi lamented,

                                                               Sure it exists, this oft-invoked solidarity of Europe. It exists in an abundance of fears.
                                                               What happened yesterday in Munich and London can be repeated in Hamburg and
                                                               Paris. While ideas have become rare on this continent, pipe dreams grow wantonly.39

                                                                 And though virtually no one ever directly mentioned National Socialism and the
                                                             carnage of the Second World War, concerned observers saw in the spread of fear,
                                                             irrationalism and anxiety the roots of something potentially lethal: violence. Stories
                                                             of individuals responding to flying saucer sightings by firing guns at the aircraft and
                                                             their crews were taken at times as cause for derision.40 The Austrian writer and
                                                                                                               Journal of Transatlantic Studies       289

                                                             journalist Grete von Urbanitzky, however, saw in the story of one French farmer’s
                                                             firing on an apparent UFO a chilling statement about contemporary life.

                                                               Is the response of today’s human being to something unfamiliar to deliberately shoot it?
                                                               Does it appear natural to our way of thinking to exterminate everything alien and
                                                               unusual? … Even more amazing is the blind trust that earthlings today have in their
                                                               technical achievements like the gun. Perhaps the gun is the very last thing which he
                                                               trusts and in which he believes … Monsieur Faisan – that is the name of the fellow who
                                                               did not know anything better to do than shoot at someone whom he took to be a
                                                               Martian – appears to be, to a frightening extent, a product of our time.41

                                                             Flying saucers not only elicited fear, but they also promoted distrust, especially
                                                             distrust towards authorities. Government and military behaviour and explanations
                                                             were especially greeted with suspicion. American officials were accused of deliberate
                                                             obfuscation and of orchestrating a conspiracy designed to hide the truth from the


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             public about UFOs.42 Reports that a special US Air Force commission and leading
                                                             German space researchers had concluded that at least some of the flying saucers
                                                             were likely reconnaissance aircraft sent by inhabitants from another planet only
                                                             added to the baffling nature of things.43 The incredibility of the claims, the seeming
                                                             lack of reliable information and the furtiveness with which the superpowers were
                                                             operating left many in a state of perpetual puzzlement. Little wonder that references
                                                             to flying saucers often spoke of them as holding ‘secrets’ and posing ‘riddles’.44


                                                             After the aliens arrived II: flying saucers as an occult and esoteric phenomenon
                                                             If UFOs presented the world with an enigma, not everyone in the 1950s greeted their
                                                             appearance with dread or considered them American in origin. For some, the cryptic
                                                             nature of flying saucers and their creators was a source of marvel.45 Viewed from this
                                                             perspective, the arrival of flying saucers was something full of meaning, perhaps a
                                                             harbinger or a warning or a reminder of some kind. In any event, similar to other
                                                             occult artefacts and events, UFOs were believed to require interpretation, and their
                                                             meaning, according to some, could only be read by those initiated into the
                                                             appropriate form of communication and knowledge.46
                                                                 One writer wondered whether flying saucers might not hold the key to solving the
                                                             world’s energy problems. Citing the work of Austrian inventor and naturalist Viktor
                                                             Schauberger, who had designed a flying disk out of copper in 1940 and advocated
                                                             the widespread adoption of implosion technologies, the writer raised the possibility
                                                             that the ‘repeatedly observed mysterious projectiles’ represented the application of
                                                             just this very technology.47 Schauberger himself was not questioned on the subject.
                                                                 Others, however, were drawn to ruminate about the sacred significance of UFOs.
                                                             The repeated claims of alien reconnaissance missions to earth prompted journalists
                                                             to ask scientists about the likelihood of intelligent life on other planets and the
                                                             feasibility of humans themselves inhabiting such planets.48 These possibilities carried
                                                             with them, to the thinking of some, theological implications about the status of
                                                             aliens. One American theologian laid out a number of possibilities. Perhaps the
                                                             beings enjoyed a certain special, supernatural grace from God; or perhaps they had
                                                             sinned and had fallen out of grace with the Lord. Maybe they were pure and
                                                             innocent like children, or maybe they ruled over paradise on other planets.49
                                                             Whatever the truth, religious thinkers in Germany took the prospect of alien life
                                                             290   G. Eghigian

                                                             forms seriously. A survey of Protestant and Catholic theologians in West Germany
                                                             in 1954 found that neither tended to rule out the prospect that intelligent, reasoning
                                                             beings were behind the appearance of flying saucers.50
                                                                 Still others sought answers not in the stars, but in the past. Russian academic
                                                             M.M. Agrest, for instance, argued that evidence indicated that aliens had landed in
                                                             Palestine during biblical times and that the Baalbek temple complex had served as
                                                             one of their launching pads.51 Fantastic stories emerged out of more recent history as
                                                             well. German and Italian engineers and scientists came forward claiming exclusive,
                                                             insider knowledge that both Hitler and Mussolini had sponsored the development of
                                                             flying saucer technology during the Second World War.52 These accounts were taken
                                                             by some as evidence lending credence to contentions that Hitler and a group of his
                                                             scientific advisors had somehow survived the war and were designing and testing
                                                             UFOs from a base in the Himalayas or the South Pole.53
                                                                 Esoteric speculation about extraterrestrials could also follow transatlantic


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             colonial pathways as well, as a work by UFOlogist Edgar Sievers (1916–?)
                                                             demonstrated. Sievers was a product of Imperial Germany’s legacy of colonialism,
                                                             born in the diamond town of Lüderitzbucht in German South-West Africa (present-
                                                             day Namibia), near the concentration camp on Shark Island, where the German
                                                             colonial government had organised the detention and extermination of the Herero
                                                             and Nama during the uprising there in 1904–1908.54 By the time Sievers was growing
                                                             up, however, both South-West Africa and his hometown were undergoing profound
                                                             changes. As a result, Lüderitzbucht became a transcolonial meeting place for
                                                             speculators and labourers from the region looking for opportunities in the booming
                                                             diamond, railway and shipping businesses.55
                                                                 After spending his youth in South-West Africa, Sievers studied philosophy and
                                                             psychology at the University of Würzburg, going on to try his hand at writing
                                                             poems, plays and stories. At some point after the Second World War, his interest in
                                                             UFOs was sparked. He then became a member of the British Flying Saucer Bureau,
                                                             an organisation founded in November 1953 and dedicated, in the words of its first
                                                             president, to assist ‘in dispelling any feelings of anxiety or hysteria consequent upon
                                                             the arrival of visitors from space’.56
                                                                 In 1955, Sievers published Flying Saucers Over South Africa, his reflections on
                                                             the meaning of the worldwide appearance of UFOs and the first German-language
                                                             book-length contribution to the bourgeoning field of UFology. In Sievers’ view,
                                                             UFOs presented humanity with a series of riddles, and official pronouncements on
                                                             the subject hardly cleared up matters. ‘There are Flying Saucers, yet Flying Saucers
                                                             are not Flying Saucers. What is going on here? Does this really only revolve around
                                                             optical illusions, misunderstandings, misguided beliefs, or political machinations?’57
                                                             Sievers drew from a famous biblical parable in observing that flying saucer sightings
                                                             had created as many ‘doubting Thomases’ as believers. As a result, the mystery
                                                             surrounding UFOs had divided the world into those who ‘believe and [those who]
                                                             cannot believe’, a fissure that cut across families, associations, companies, authorities
                                                             and agencies.58
                                                                 In aiming to help repair this split, Sievers relied on the books of Keyhoe, Leslie
                                                             and Adamski as well as news reports for his source material. In Flying Saucers Over
                                                             South Africa, he begins by first considering natural explanations offered for the
                                                             sightings, such as weather and Soviet rocket testing, but dismisses each one as
                                                             unpersuasive. Following the methods of other first-generation UFOlogists, Sievers
                                                                                                               Journal of Transatlantic Studies      291

                                                             then analyses reports of flying saucer sightings for consistencies and patterns and
                                                             then speculates on the possible energy source being used to power the aircraft (e.g.,
                                                             magnets, fuel, levitation).59
                                                                 Sievers eventually concludes that the only feasible explanation for the flying
                                                             saucer phenomenon was visitation by beings from outer space, whom he referred to
                                                             as ‘planetides’. This, of course, raised its own question: why were they here? The
                                                             answer, he contended, could be gleaned from the testimony of those witnesses
                                                             claiming to have had alien contact.

                                                               In recent years, a staggering number of claims have accumulated about the saucer
                                                               problem, in which what is contended is nothing less than the fact that there has been
                                                               direct and constant contact with saucer pilots and beings from other worlds. The latter
                                                               have offered tidings, pronouncements, and explanations, whose content is of absolute,
                                                               signal importance for the salvation of humanity.60


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             But these alien declarations came with an added twist. ‘At closer inspection, we find
                                                             that the logic in these pronouncements leaves much to be desired. Instead of
                                                             conceptual clarity and genuine meaning, we encounter obscurity and meaningless
                                                             nonsense’.61
                                                                 Thus, according to Sievers, the extraterrestrial visitors were undoubtedly heralds,
                                                             but ones whose messages remained frustratingly opaque and mystifying. And
                                                             therein, in this fundamental miscommunication, resided the true purpose of the
                                                             recent encounters with flying saucers. The aliens were preparing the groundwork for
                                                             human beings to be able to ‘occult-psychically’ understand their message. ‘They are
                                                             waiting’, Sievers concluded. ‘They are waiting for our sign and our call’.62 More
                                                             likely than not, he predicted, they would now be appearing more frequently, in an
                                                             effort to help earthlings accustom themselves to their presence. And over time, the
                                                             division between human believers and unbelievers would simply disappear.
                                                                 Sievers focus on communication was perhaps, in part, a function of his status as a
                                                             Südwester, a product of the colonial minority’s peculiar sensitivities to language and
                                                             community-building following the First World War.63 In any event, however, Sievers
                                                             effectively gave voice to the sentiments of many who were convinced that flying
                                                             saucers were extraterrestrial in origin and that they presented the world with a
                                                             mystery requiring interpretation. What he offered was an eschatological and
                                                             Christian reading that would become a standard part of the repertoire of narratives
                                                             about UFOs in the 1950s, one that treated the flying saucer phenomenon as a matter
                                                             of faith and placed UFOs and their creators in the position of superhuman heralds
                                                             bearing a message of hope and salvation.
                                                                 It needs to be kept in mind, however, that while the mainstream press and public
                                                             intellectuals in West Germany heeded fanciful stories like these, they just as – if not
                                                             more – often dismissed as preposterous claims of alien or resurrected Nazi
                                                             reconnaissance missions. Ridicule often came in the form of puns in humorous
                                                             cartoons or derisive stories about ‘flying bananas’ and ‘flying teacups’ being
                                                             reported.64 Analyses by scientists and military investigators concluding that flying
                                                             saucers were nothing more than optical illusions, confabulations and hoaxes were
                                                             regularly cited.65 Popularisers of astronomy were especially vocal in relegating
                                                             claims of extraterrestrial visitations to the status of chimaeras.66 And the famous V-2
                                                             rocket engineer and American space programme developer Wernher von Braun even
                                                             292   G. Eghigian

                                                             went on record to vent his disdain for wild claims about UFOs, stating, ‘I am
                                                             convinced that in our era, which is so proud of its scientific enlightenment, it should
                                                             be completely absurd to call upon medieval methods of magic, when one does not
                                                             fully understand a natural phenomenon’.67
                                                                 Thus, during the 1950s, the West German press offered an open forum for
                                                             discussing and weighing the reality and meaning of flying saucers. While an attitude
                                                             of scepticism was perhaps most prominent, there was no clear consensus on what to
                                                             make of the UFOs and their makers. Journalists, scientists, engineers, government
                                                             officials, publishers, and public intellectuals of all sorts offered a range of viewpoints
                                                             and narratives, extracting lessons from the mystery. Were flying saucers a case of
                                                             irrational superstition run amok? A demonstration of human technological achieve-
                                                             ment? A warning of impending catastrophe? An augury of hope?
                                                                 While there was no single, homogeneous message in all this, what many West
                                                             German sources expressed was the sense that a familiar world was disappearing and


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             a new one fast approaching. Some greeted this with a sense of nostalgia and alarm.
                                                             Writing in 1960, the physician and conservative cultural critic Siegfried Georg
                                                             Fudalla situated the flying saucer craze alongside the contemporaneous enthusiasm
                                                             for astrology, hypnotism and reincarnation. The popular interest in such esoterica,
                                                             according to Fudalla, represented nothing short of a pathological attempt at
                                                             ameliorating the ‘profound dissatisfaction’ experienced by many at the time, a
                                                             malaise created by a society ‘lacking organic structure’.68
                                                                 Others, however, saw reason for optimism. Flying saucers expanded the compass
                                                             of human imagination, according to one essayist in 1957, blurring the distinction
                                                             between fact and fiction, reality and utopia. ‘Outer space is getting closer’, the
                                                             ‘distinction between a “Martian” and an airplane pilot’ becoming harder to draw.69
                                                             To the folklorist Hermann Bausinger in 1960, flying saucers were an ‘exotic’
                                                             expression of a more pervasive ‘dissolution of the horizon’, as he described it.
                                                             ‘Disempowerment, aestheticisation, expatriation, liberation’ were the new engines of
                                                             change, thrusting contemporary culture into a utopian world with fewer spatial or
                                                             creative boundaries.70


                                                             An American panic: East German perspectives on flying saucers
                                                             Flying saucers indeed knew no boundaries. A global phenomenon, UFOs were also
                                                             sighted and reported on the eastern side of the iron curtain as well.71 In East
                                                             Germany, however, where the mass media was strictly censored, press coverage of
                                                             flying saucers was homogenised to suit overtly political purposes.
                                                                 Three East German newspapers provide a glimpse into the ways in which
                                                             observers operating within ‘real existing socialism’ made sense of the UFO
                                                             phenomenon during the GDR’s first decade. Neues Deutschland was the official
                                                             party organ of the Socialist Unity Party (SED). Neue Zeit served as the Christian
                                                             Democratic Union’s (CDU) party paper and enjoyed the strongest circulation
                                                             among the four non-socialist ‘block parties’, Finally, there was the Berliner Zeitung,
                                                             a newspaper, though subordinate to the SED, which was more open and critical than
                                                             the various party newspapers and with a circulation of several hundred thousand.
                                                                 The tone and thrust of East German press coverage of UFOs was set already in
                                                             June 1949 in what may be the first public reference to the phenomenon there. In a
                                                             piece in the paper Neues Deutschland, the wave of flying saucers sightings in the
                                                                                                               Journal of Transatlantic Studies      293

                                                             USA since 1947 – some 250, according to officials – was portrayed as nothing more
                                                             than a hysterical response to meteors and weather balloons. The resulting panic,
                                                             however, was considered to be the fault of the American government and media,
                                                             which sought to whip up anti-Soviet sentiment, in order to justify the country’s
                                                             rearmament and weapons export programmes. The article concludes by referring to
                                                             the well-publicised case of the former Secretary of Defense James Forrestal
                                                             (September 1947–March 1949), who was committed to a psychiatric facility and
                                                             later committed suicide after, it was falsely reported, running out onto the streets of
                                                             New York City one night shouting that the Russians were attacking. ‘Maybe there is
                                                             something to this [flying saucer] thing, after all’, the paper sarcastically explained.

                                                               There once was a man in the USA who crawled under the bed and committed suicide
                                                               because he saw the Red Army marching down 5th Avenue. That man was the War
                                                               Minister. Shouldn’t we expect there to be 250 of just these very types among the lower
                                                               ranks? 250 Forrestals – that wouldn’t be a terribly large number, given the size of the


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                               anti-Soviet hub-bub in the American press.72

                                                             Time and again in East Germany, flying saucer sightings and alien encounters were
                                                             characterised as a manifestly American proclivity, a kind of popular delusion.73
                                                             UFOs were, as one article put it, America’s ‘newest sport’.74 Neue Zeit relegated its
                                                             first story on the subject on a report of an American man’s encounter with a flying
                                                             saucer and its crew to a section of the paper dedicated to weird and humorous news
                                                             items from the world press.75
                                                                 The American craze was apparently infectious as well. When it was reported that
                                                             West Berliners in the American sector of the city were claiming to have witnessed
                                                             silver disks hovering in the skies overhead, the Berliner Zeitung mockingly
                                                             questioned their sanity. ‘Well’, the paper noted, ‘we’ve known for a long time that
                                                             some of the people in West Berlin no longer have all their saucers in the cupboard
                                                             (nicht mehr alle Tassen im Schrank haben)’.76
                                                                 By the late 1950s, the association of flying saucers with American and capitalist
                                                             excess and superficiality had become commonplace enough for films and stage
                                                             productions to regularly use the trope of visiting aliens from another planet to
                                                             satirise the West.77 And when the first European Congress of UFOlogists convened
                                                             in Wiesbaden in October 1960, Neue Zeit covered the event and proved especially
                                                             dismissive of claims by contactees that aliens had come to help save earth from
                                                             nuclear destruction. Apparently there was no longer any reason ‘to rack one’s brain
                                                             about banning nuclear weapons or to even worry about such trivial matters like
                                                             worldwide disarmament’, the paper caustically pointed out. ‘For the beings from
                                                             outer space will take care of it anyway one day, and everything will turn out for the
                                                             best’!78
                                                                 As laughable as all this was supposed to seem, however, something quite
                                                             ominous supposedly lay behind this folly. In communist East Germany, the flying
                                                             saucer phenomenon was easily fit into a Marxist–Leninist global binary world view
                                                             at the time, according to which America represented an exploitive, warmongering
                                                             and conspiratorial force with imperialist ambitions.79 Citing a Moscow newspaper as
                                                             its source, an article in 1950 explained, ‘The reports about “Flying Saucers” have
                                                             been deliberately spread by American military officials, in order to extort larger
                                                             amounts from American taxpayers’.80 Placing an article about a UFO sighting
                                                             294   G. Eghigian

                                                             around Munich alongside pieces on allied army exercises in Lower Saxony and the
                                                             founding in Bochum of a new version of the veteran’s organisation Stahlhelm, the
                                                             SED’s party organ effectively linked the flying saucer phenomenon to reactionary
                                                             militarism.81
                                                                 This East German view of the flying saucers as the brainchild of American
                                                             warmongerers found its literary expression in writer Friedrich Wolf’s (1888–1953)
                                                             final novel Menetekel or The Flying Saucers. By the time it was published in 1952,
                                                             Wolf had established himself as a leading cultural voice in the German communist
                                                             movement. A practising physician, he had become a well-known dramatist during
                                                             the Weimar Republic. Joining the Communist Party (KPD) in 1928, Wolf was active
                                                             in writing and staging anti-fascist works. With the Nazi seizure of power, he left
                                                             Germany, first going to Moscow, then working for the International Brigade in
                                                             Spain. After spending some time in a French detention camp, he went back to the
                                                             USSR in 1941. Wolf eventually returned to Germany in 1945, where he played a


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             prominent role in the reconstruction of the arts in East Germany and served as the
                                                             GDR’s first ambassador to Poland.
                                                                 Set against the contemporary backdrop of the cold war, Menetekel or The Flying
                                                             Saucers tells the story of the American industrialist Cecil Clerk and the powerful
                                                             company he runs, the Cecil Clerk Corporation (CCC). A producer of bomb shelters
                                                             and bunkers, Clerk is inspired to adopt a new and aggressive marketing campaign
                                                             after reports of flying saucer sightings spark a panic in the USA. Clerk and his
                                                             associates exploit news stories about UFOs, subway explosions, the Korean War and
                                                             Soviet atomic bomb tests to deliberately fuel Americans’ growing sense of insecurity.
                                                             In a newspaper ad, CCC tries to steer consumers to their bomb-proof shelters:

                                                               Million of American ask themselves, when I hear a quiet, invisible buzzing in the sky
                                                               that’s not like our airplanes, what is it? Is it Flying Saucers? And why is it always
                                                               coming from the east? The government says nothing. It has its reasons. But you, what
                                                               do you do? Of course, you run to the cellar when the alarm goes off. But will this cellar
                                                               really provide you protection, when the first atomic bombs fall on our city?82

                                                             CCC’s plans are eventually thwarted, however, by a growing group of young peace
                                                             activists, who make common cause with disgruntled American workers and soldiers.
                                                                 The title of the novel draws on a famous scene in the biblical Book of Daniel.
                                                             While attending a banquet of the Babylonian king Belshazzar, the prophet Daniel
                                                             proves able to decipher the meaning of strange writing – the words ‘Mene Mene
                                                             Tekel Upharsin’ – suddenly appearing on the wall to be a warning of the impending
                                                             doom of the sovereign and his empire. Wolf used this legend to fashion a modern-
                                                             day allegory of American capitalism’s cynical appetite for profit and domination. In
                                                             a climactic episode, a fiery preacher warns a crowd,

                                                               Our age itself writes its Menetekel in the skies, over Hiroshima, Bikini, over Korea. And
                                                               already “Collier’s Magazine” openly threatens Moscow with atomic bombs. Do you
                                                               want to wait until such bombs blaze over New York, Chicago, Boston, and
                                                               Washington? … That’s the very reason we must let Menetekel blaze in our hearts,
                                                               before it’s too late!83

                                                               Wolf clearly kept up with the flying saucer phenomenon in the USA. Famous
                                                             UFO sightings near Fort Knox and Tucson make an appearance in the novel, along
                                                                                                               Journal of Transatlantic Studies       295

                                                             with a reference to the rumoured James Forrestal incident. To Wolf, the belief in
                                                             flying saucers was but an extension of American red-baiting. Contrasting the
                                                             attitudes of, on the one hand, industrialists, astrologers and scientologists with those,
                                                             on the other hand, of scientists and young people, his novel understands cold war
                                                             hysteria as a product of the ruling bourgeoisie’s attempt to undermine rationality. As
                                                             one character puts it, ‘Panic also has its system in the human psyche. Familiar logic
                                                             is thrown overboard. The ludicrous becomes the probable. Reason is thrown back
                                                             and forth like a plank being tossed by waves of rumour’.84
                                                                  As it was in the West, then, the appearance of UFOs was explicitly historicised in
                                                             the GDR in relation to the cold war, with the wave of sightings routinely dismissed
                                                             as the manifestation of an American frenzy. East German commentators consistently
                                                             appealed to both longstanding stereotypes and communist doctrine to contrast
                                                             American – and, by extension, West German – ballyhoo about flying saucers with
                                                             Soviet bloc cultural achievements like Sputnik.85 As the Christian Democratic


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             newspaper Neue Zeit explained in April 1950, the self-appointed ‘West’, with its
                                                             dreams of ‘superbombs and “Flying Saucers”’ and its culture awash with ‘filthy
                                                             literature’, could hardly lay claim to being the guardian of civilisation.86 The paper
                                                             made the point even more forcefully a few weeks later:

                                                               In the GDR, there are no crime films that can be used by the likes of the Gladow Gang
                                                               [a famous Berlin gang] as a kind seminar [in crime], no pornographic literature, no
                                                               women’s wrestling and dance marathons, no abuse of hypnosis and suggestion,
                                                               astrology, palm-reading, and clairvoyance. There is no mass hysteria over dubious
                                                               prophets like Gröning, no mania over ‘Flying Saucers’ and similar delusions. The key
                                                               for the cultural will of the GDR is more the endeavour to let the mass of working people
                                                               take part in the products of culture, to which no one here any longer enjoys any special
                                                               privileges.87


                                                             Alien influences and the early career of a transatlantic rumour
                                                             In 1958, Swiss psychologist Carl Jung (1875–1961) published A Modern Myth: Of
                                                             Things Seen in the Sky, the first scholarly German-language monograph on the
                                                             subject.88 By that time, Jung had been collecting information about flying saucer
                                                             sightings for about a decade. As he explained to a Swiss newspaper in July 1954, he
                                                             himself never personally saw a UFO, but he was convinced that ‘it is not just a
                                                             rumour, something is seen’.89 In a subsequent letter Jung wrote in August 1958 to
                                                             Donald Keyhoe, author of the The Flying Saucers Are Real, Jung described his
                                                             perspective on the subject. ‘As I am a scientist’, he explained, ‘I only say what I can
                                                             prove and reserve any judgment in any case where I doubt my competence. Thus I
                                                             said: “Thing are seen, but one does not know what”’.90
                                                                 For Jung, the fact that appearances of flying saucers were frequent, strange,
                                                             indeterminate and contradictory made them ideal objects for fantasy and specula-
                                                             tion. The rumours, visions, dreams and graphic representations of these ‘things seen
                                                             in the skies’ were all instances of these flights of conjecture. In turn, they served as
                                                             sources providing insight into the state of mind of the contemporary world.91
                                                                 Like so many others, Jung explicitly historicised the flying saucer phenomenon
                                                             by linking them to American faddishness and the cold war. Nevertheless, relying on
                                                             published reports, conversations with witnesses, historical texts and interviews with
                                                             296   G. Eghigian

                                                             patients about their dreams, he found certain elements repeated in narratives about
                                                             these ‘visionary rumours’ of UFOs. UFOs moved in a superhuman fashion and
                                                             could appear weightless, they refrained from doing harm, and they frequently
                                                             appeared near airfields and nuclear installations. Together, these components helped
                                                             shape a widely circulated account of flying saucers and their creators. The objects
                                                             were – so the stories went – the achievement of highly intelligent beings from another
                                                             world, who, having witnessed the carnage of the Second World War and the
                                                             proliferation of nuclear weapons, were poised to benevolently intervene in human
                                                             affairs.92
                                                                 Such speculation, according to Jung, represented nothing less than the making of
                                                             a modern myth or legend. The fact that this ‘living myth’ revolved around a promise
                                                             of redemption was no accident, Jung contended, given the dire state of the cold war
                                                             world. ‘The present world situation is calculated as never before to arouse
                                                             expectations of a redeeming, supernatural event’, he noted. And though contempor-


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             ary individuals sought metaphysical hope in the face of nuclear catastrophe, secular
                                                             modernity was ultimately resistant to occult and mystical forms of religious
                                                             reassurance. The flying saucer phenomenon, then, provided a relatively rational
                                                             and necessarily scientific cover to express the hope in rescue from God. ‘Undeterred
                                                             by rationalistic criticism, it thrusts itself to the forefront in the form of a symbolic
                                                             rumour, accompanied and reinforced by the appropriate visions, and thus activates
                                                             an archetype that has always expressed order, deliverance, salvation, and
                                                             wholeness’.93
                                                                 Jung’s book was greeted mostly positively by the mainstream German press,
                                                             which considered him to be an esteemed elder statesman of psychology.94 His
                                                             perspective was coloured, of course, by his analytical project and his own affinity for
                                                             mystical experiences.95 But his take successfully captured something often over-
                                                             looked by those who have emphasised the cold war roots of the UFO phenomenon:
                                                             the speculation, hope and enthusiasm frequently surrounding flying saucer sightings
                                                             during the late 1940s and 1950s. My survey of German coverage of UFOs during the
                                                             first decade and a half following the end of the Second World War reveals that early
                                                             interpretations of the phenomenon were, in fact, more substantively diverse than has
                                                             been commonly acknowledged. Rather than offering a relatively uniform narrative
                                                             grounded in cold war fear and paranoia, as Americanists have sometimes claimed,
                                                             German accounts exhibited a range of attitudes.
                                                                 To be sure, international relations and the cold war figured prominently in
                                                             German responses to sightings. The very earliest reports demonstrate that flying
                                                             saucer sightings were not indigenous to Germany. Initial accounts came from
                                                             abroad, with the widespread assumption being that the UFOs were the products of
                                                             foreign – either American or Soviet – technology. And even after the first sightings
                                                             began to pop up in Germany from summer 1947 onwards, much of the publicity
                                                             surrounding the flying saucers was generated by foreign reports and reportage.
                                                                 The USA was the primary vector in disseminating the notion of flying saucers
                                                             and visitors from outer space, and it was widely perceived as being so at the time.
                                                             Again and again, stories and images from American civilian and military sources
                                                             served as the inspiration for observers in central Europe to report on and analyse
                                                             UFOs. Differing assessments and conflicting information from official sources only
                                                             helped fuel public speculation and debate about UFOs. Moreover, it is clear that
                                                             longstanding stereotypes and anti-American attitudes persistently played a formative
                                                                                                             Journal of Transatlantic Studies    297

                                                             role in how the flying saucer phenomenon was understood. Throughout the late
                                                             1940s and 1950s, many in Germany considered flying saucer sightings to be a
                                                             characteristically American craze, attributable to that society’s supposedly deep-
                                                             seated shallowness, gullibility and excitability.
                                                                 Geopolitics were also a factor in why UFOs were so closely associated with
                                                             America. The flying saucer phenomenon was not only global, it was decidedly
                                                             political. From the start, flying saucers were understood in relationship to war,
                                                             specifically the aerial warfare conducted during the Second World War. The
                                                             American and British bombing campaigns, Nazi V-rocket technology and the Soviet
                                                             capture of Peenemünde were regularly invoked to help explain UFOs. The cold war,
                                                             especially the spectre of nuclear war, however, increasingly assumed the spotlight.
                                                             Both believers and sceptics alike of extraterrestrial visitation saw in the development
                                                             and proliferation of atomic bombs a key reason for the sudden appearance of flying
                                                             saucers.


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                                 One can draw comparisons here with another defeated postwar nation – Japan –
                                                             where the release of the science fiction film Gojira (Godzilla) in 1954 likewise offered
                                                             an opportunity to publicly question American power and nuclear proliferation.96 But
                                                             whereas Gojira also gave voice to pent up Japanese nationalist sentiment, the anti-
                                                             Americanism surrounding UFOs in West Germany was expressed not in nationalist,
                                                             but rather in cultural, terms, contrasting a sober and civilised Europe with a fickle
                                                             and superficial USA. Only in East Germany were flying saucer sightings linked to
                                                             America as a way to underscore the legitimacy and superiority of its postwar
                                                             socialist state.
                                                                 The flying saucer phenomenon in Germany thus represented a transatlantic cold
                                                             war rumour. It was, however, a rumour of unusual resilience – especially in
                                                             comparison with earlier airship scares – one whose attributed meanings extended
                                                             beyond its immediate cold war context. It is this durability and plasticity that gave
                                                             flying saucer accounts the weight of folklore and legend, with the capacity to offer
                                                             multiple lessons for a variety of audiences, lessons often more subversive and
                                                             populist than official and elite versions of the truth.97
                                                                 Studying successive accounts of the supposed UFO crash around Roswell, New
                                                             Mexico in 1947, anthropologist Charles Ziegler found that the story was transmitted
                                                             in a punctuated fashion, with written, secondary versions effectively refining,
                                                             standardising and rationalising oral versions.98 A similar dynamic was at work in
                                                             how tales of flying saucers were reported in postwar Germany. While strange airship
                                                             sightings and scares had a history dating back at least a century, the term ‘flying
                                                             saucer’ quickly became an international meme, a publicly acknowledged ‘black box’
                                                             into which strange things in the sky could be fit and classified. Media coverage at the
                                                             time shows that information about UFOs spread through an interplay of word-of-
                                                             mouth, press articles, novels, reportages, advertisements, comics and films.
                                                             As accounts circulated and moved from rumours to news to editorials to marketing
                                                             tools, the written and visual shorthand of ‘flying saucers’ provided a stabilising
                                                             narrative influence on the centrifugal forces inherent to reports coming from
                                                             multiple, international and often spurious sources.
                                                                 Shrouded in mystery, flying saucers were seen by many as posing unanswered
                                                             questions, the holders of vital secrets. Some believed these secrets to be more or less
                                                             mundane (the products of pranksters, weather patterns or military R&D), while
                                                             others treated UFOs as sacred signs of paranormal or metaphysical significance.
                                                             298   G. Eghigian

                                                             And the rise of sightings provoked a range of responses, from marvel to dread to
                                                             dismay to derision. Across this spectrum of reactions, certain themes reappeared
                                                             time and again: war and peace, destruction and survival, despair and hope. Still,
                                                             while it is partly true that ‘by translocating its earthly obsessions into the infinite
                                                             vastness of the universe, postwar West-European society entertained and acted upon
                                                             the hope of retrieving cosmic transcendence’,99 for many early observers, the secrets
                                                             flying saucers held were decidedly more terrestrial and pedestrian than that.
                                                                  Thus, explicitly geopolitical, mundane and supernatural stories and explanations
                                                             about flying saucers coexisted alongside one another in postwar Germany. At times,
                                                             these narratives clashed with one another: believers in alien visitation, for instance,
                                                             expressing doubts about natural or purely political interpretations, while sceptics
                                                             disparaged conspiracy and extraterrestrial theories. Similar to what has been found
                                                             to be the case in the USA at the time, however, the cold war was almost always
                                                             present in discussions, most often quite overtly. But what both terrestrial- and


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             extraterrestrial-based accounts of UFOs in Germany generally shared – and in
                                                             contrast to the USA – was an abiding invocation of ‘America’ as the source and
                                                             driver of the flying saucer phenomenon.
                                                                  Arguing that a prevailing ‘UFO taboo’ has all but squelched any serious
                                                             investigation into the status of UFOs, political scientists Alexander Wendt and
                                                             Raymond Duvall have recently asserted that reports of UFOs were historically met
                                                             by consistent denial and silence from government and scientific authorities. ‘UFO
                                                             ignorance’, they insist, ‘is not simply a gap in our knowledge, like the cure for
                                                             cancer, but something actively reproduced by taboo’.100 The case of postwar
                                                             Germany, however, gives reason to question and qualify their portrait of knowledge
                                                             about UFOs.
                                                                  For one thing, if there has been a general ‘UFO taboo’, it must be conceded that
                                                             it has hardly been anywhere near as historically effective as other kinds of cultural
                                                             taboos, as the massive literature on the subject attests.101 And while there is evidence
                                                             of states denying knowledge of UFOs and scholars dismissing the phenomenon as
                                                             unworthy of investigation, this has not stopped any number of other recognised and
                                                             self-identified experts from offering their insights and speculations. Far from
                                                             ignorance or comprehensive silence, the flying saucer phenomenon already during
                                                             its first decade and a half generated highly public musings among journalists, public
                                                             intellectuals, scientists, engineers and military and civil officials about the nature of
                                                             these objects and about standards of proof.
                                                                  Wendt and Duvall are quite correct, however, in noting that the mysterious and
                                                             random qualities of UFOs have given them a haunting aura that appears to
                                                             challenge national sovereignty. From the first reported sightings after the Second
                                                             World War, their uncanniness has helped reinforce the view that UFOs are alien or
                                                             foreign (fremd) in some manner. Little wonder then, as anthropologist Christopher
                                                             Roth has observed that the discipline of UFology has had much in common with
                                                             anthropology, particularly in the mutual interest in understanding racial diversity
                                                             and difference.102
                                                                  A look beyond the USA and the field of UFology, across a range of responses to
                                                             reports of UFOs in Germany during the late 1940s and 1950s, reveals another aspect
                                                             of the phenomenon. It is clear that German observers were, like others, stirred by the
                                                             alien nature of flying saucers. Their interest in the objects, however, remained firmly
                                                             anchored in a disquiet about the recent war and its cold aftermath. In the two
                                                                                                                 Journal of Transatlantic Studies       299

                                                             Germanies at least, flying saucers primarily functioned as cyphers for acknow-
                                                             ledging, interpreting, and debating foreign – and most of the time, specifically
                                                             American – influences on postwar societies having recently been forced to surrender
                                                             much of their former ability to shape their own collective fates.

                                                             Acknowledgements
                                                             I would like to thank members of the History of the Human Sciences Working Group of the
                                                             Philadelphia Area Center for the History of Science and two anonymous readers for their
                                                             constructive and helpful comments and suggestions.


                                                             Notes
                                                               1. David Clarke, The UFO Files: The Inside Story of Real-life Sightings (London:
                                                                  Bloomsbury, 2012), Kindle edition, Location 658–80.


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                               2. ‘Paranormal Beliefs Come (Super)Naturally to Some’, Gallup, www.gallup.com/poll/
                                                                  19558/paranormal-beliefs-come-supernaturally-some.aspx (accessed July 9, 2013).
                                                               3. Erich Goode, The Paranormal: Who Believes, Why They Believe, and Why It Matters
                                                                  (Amherst: Prometheus, 2011); Alexander Wendt and Raymond Duvall, ‘Sovereignty and
                                                                  the UFO’, Political Theory 36 (2008): 607–33; Brenda Denzler, The Lure of the Edge:
                                                                  Scientific Passions, Religious Beliefs, and the Pursuit of UFOs (Berkeley: University of
                                                                  California Press, 2001).
                                                               4. Denzler, Lure of the Edge, 34–67; David Michael Jacobs, The UFO Controversy in
                                                                  America (Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1975).
                                                               5. Curtis Peebles, Watch the Skies! A Chronicle of the Flying Saucer Myth (Washington:
                                                                  Smithsonian Institution Press, 1994).
                                                               6. Bridget Brown, They Know Us Better Than We Know Ourselves: The History and Politics
                                                                  of Alien Abduction (New York: New York University Press, 2007); Jodi Dean, Aliens in
                                                                  America: Conspiracy Cultures from Outerspace to Cyberspace (Ithaca, NY: Cornell
                                                                  University Press, 1998); Elaine Showalter, Hystories: Hysterical Epidemics and Modern
                                                                  Culture (New York: Columbia University Press, 1997).
                                                               7. See, for instance, the work of the Mutual UFO Network (MUFON), reportedly with
                                                                  chapters in 25 countries today, www.mufon.com (accessed August 11, 2013).
                                                               8. One of the few to take the international and global aspects of UFO sightings seriously
                                                                  has been Alexander C. T. Geppert, ‘Extraterrestrial Encounters: UFOs, Science, and the
                                                                  Quest for Transcendence, 1947–1972’, History and Technology 28 (2012): 335–62.
                                                               9. The term UFO first started being used widely in the German press around the summer
                                                                  of 1954.
                                                              10. Brett Holman, ‘The Air Panic of 1935: British Press Opinion Between Disarmament and
                                                                  Rearmament’, Journal of Contemporary History 46 (2011): 288–307.
                                                              11. Alexander C. T. Geppert, ‘European Astrofuturism, Cosmic Provincialism: Historicizing
                                                                  the Space Age’, in Imagining Outer Space: European Astroculture in the Twentieth
                                                                  Century, ed. Alexander C. T. Geppert (Basingstoke: Palgrave, 2012), 3–24; ‘Rethinking
                                                                  the Space Age: Astroculture and Technoscience’, History and Technology 28 (2012):
                                                                  219–23.
                                                              12. By the term ‘flying saucer phenomenon’, I will be referring to the reports of flying saucer
                                                                  and alien sightings as well as to the speculations about their significance.
                                                              13. Clarke, UFO Files, Location 685–734.
                                                              14. Nigel Watson, ed., The Scareship Mystery: A Survey of Worldwide Phantom Airship
                                                                  Scares, 1909–1918 (Corby: Domra, 2000); Robert E. Bartholomew and George S.
                                                                  Howard, UFOs and Alien Contact: Two Centuries of Mystery (Amherst: Prometheus
                                                                  Books, 1998).
                                                              15. Historian Brett Holman discusses this phenomenon and has posted primary sources on
                                                                  the subject on his blog, airminded.org (accessed July 18, 2013). The University of
                                                                  London also hosted a workshop on the topic of turn-of-the-century invasion scares in
                                                             300   G. Eghigian

                                                                 Britain in November 2013. See invasionscares.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/empire-in-
                                                                 peril-cfp.pdf (accessed July 18, 2013).
                                                             16. ‘Radio Listeners in Panic, Taking War Drama as Fact’, New York Times, www.war-of-
                                                                 the-worlds.org/Radio/Newspapers/Oct31/NYT.html (accessed July 19, 2013); Hadley
                                                                 Cantril, The Invasion from Mars: A Study in the Psychology of Panic (Princeton:
                                                                 Princeton University Press, 1940).
                                                             17. Report of Meetings of the Office of Scientific Intelligence Scientific Advisory Panel on
                                                                 Unidentified Flying Objects, January 14–18, 1953, 8, CUFON, www.cufon.org/cufon/
                                                                 robert.htm (accessed July 19, 2013; ‘Foo-Fighter’, Time 45 (January 15, 1945): 72.
                                                             18. ‘Passauer Nachrichten’, Passauer Neue Presse 62 (August 8, 1947): 4.
                                                             19. ‘Fliegende Untertassen’, Mittelbayerische Zeitung 57 (July 18, 1947): 1.
                                                             20. ‘Die fliegenden Untertassen’, Passauer Neue Press 60 (August 1, 1947): 4l; ‘Fliegende
                                                                 Untertassen’, Mittelbayerische Zeitung 55 (July 11, 1947): 2.
                                                             21. ‘Transatlantisches Sausen’, Der Spiegel 29 (1947): 19.
                                                             22. ‘Made in Russia?’, Mittelbayerische Zeitung 31 (March 13, 1950): 2.
                                                             23. Michael D. Swords, ‘UFOs, the Military, and the Early Cold War Era’, in UFOs and


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                                 Abductions: Challenging the Borders of Knowledge, ed. David M. Jacobs (Lawrence:
                                                                 University Press of Kansas, 2000), 82–121.
                                                             24. ‘Begleitmusik’, Die Zeit, August 15, 1946, www.zeit.de/1946/26/begleitmusik (accessed
                                                                 May 21, 2013).
                                                             25. Clarke, The UFO Files, Location 809–12.
                                                             26. Donald Keyhoe, The Flying Saucers Are Real (New York: Fawcett, 1950), 175.
                                                             27. Desmond Leslie and George Adamski, Flying Saucers Have Landed (New York: British
                                                                 Book Centre, 1953).
                                                             28. David Clarke and Andy Roberts, Flying Saucerers: A Social History of UFology
                                                                 (Loughborough: Alternative Albion, 2007), 18–52.
                                                             29. See, for instance, ‘Steht die Erde unter Kontrolle?’, Die Zeit, May 27, 1954, www.zeit.de/
                                                                 1954/21/steht-die-erde-unter-kontrolle (accessed May 22, 2013).
                                                             30. ‘Flugzeuge von unbekannten Planeten’, Mittelbayerische Zeitung 14 (February 1,
                                                                 1950): 6.
                                                             31. Claus Jacobi, ‘Ein Spuk fliegt um die Welt: “Fliegende Untertassen”, Wyschinsld
                                                                 und Mars’, Die Zeit, March 30, 1950, www.zeit.de/1950/13/ein-spuk-fliegt-um-die-welt
                                                                 (accessed 22 May 2013).
                                                             32. ‘“Untertassen” über Berlin’, Hamburger Abendlblatt 145 (June 26, 1954): 16; ‘Unüber-
                                                                 treffliche “Untertassen-Sensation”’, Passauer Neue Presse 140 (November 24, 1952): 2;
                                                                 ‘Weiße Kugel über Regensburg’, Mittelbayerische Zeitung 104 (September 2, 1950): 14;
                                                                 ‘Die “Untertasse” spukt immer noch’, Passauer Neue Presse 48 (April 27, 1950): 3
                                                             33. ‘Fliegende Untertassen – eine neue Waffe’, Passauer Neue Presse 56 (May 16, 1950): 1.
                                                             34. ‘Allgemeiner Angstcomplex’, Hamburger Abendblatt 66 (March 18, 1950): 8. See also,
                                                                 ‘Unter der Lupe betrachtet: Fliegenden-Untertassen-Psychose’, Passauer Neue Presse 69
                                                                 (June 11, 1952): 1.
                                                             35. ‘Fliegende Untertassen: Besucher aus dem All’, Der Spiegel 17 (1954): 26–30; Hilde
                                                                 Hoff, ‘Kinder – auch in Marktpartner’, Die Zeit, March 18, 1954, www.zeit.de/1954/11/
                                                                 kinder-auch-ein-marktpartner (accessed May 22, 2013); Eka von Merveldt, ‘Amerika ist
                                                                 immer noch die neue Welt’, Die Zeit, December 17, 1953, www.zeit.de/1953/51/amerika-
                                                                 ist-immer-noch-die-neue-welt (accessed May 22, 2013); ‘Das stärkste Bollwerk’, Mittel-
                                                                 bayerische Zeitung 32 (March 15, 1950): 1.
                                                             36. Vanessa Conze, ‘Abendland gegen Amerika! “Europa” als antiamerikanisches Konzept
                                                                 im westeuropäischen Konservatismus (1950–1970) – Das CEDI und die Idee des
                                                                 “Abendlandes”’, in Antiamerikanismus im 20. Jahrhundert: Studien zu Ost- und
                                                                 Westeuropa, ed. Jan C. Behrend, Árpad von Klimó, and Patrice G. Poutros (Bonn:
                                                                 Dietz, 2005), 204–24; Jost Hermand, ‘Resisting Boogie-Woogie Culture, Abstract
                                                                 Expressionism, and Pop Art: German Highbrow Objections to the Import of “Amer-
                                                                 ican” Forms of Culture, 1945–1965’, in Americanization and Anti-Americanism: The
                                                                 German Encounter with American Culture after 1945, ed. Alexander Stephan (New York:
                                                                 Berghahn, 2005), 67–77.
                                                                                                               Journal of Transatlantic Studies       301

                                                             37. Hans Haffner, ‘Schluß mit dem Untertassen-Spuk?’, Die Zeit, September 2, 1954, www.
                                                                 zeit.de/1954/35/schluss-mit-dem-untertassen-spuk (accessed May 22, 2013).
                                                             38. Karl Bednarik, Der junge Arbeiter von heute – Ein neuer Typ (Stuttgart: Gustav Kilpper,
                                                                 1953), 107–17.
                                                             39. Claus Jacobi, ‘Panische Solidarität’, Die Zeit, April 20, 1950, www.zeit.de/1950/16/
                                                                 panische-solidaritaet (accessed May 22, 2013).
                                                             40. ‘Marsmenschen unter Schutz’, Hamburger Abendblatt 146 (June 26, 1953): 10.
                                                             41. Grete von Urbanitzky, ‘Sind die Himmlischen vogelfrei?’, Die Zeit, December 9, 1954,
                                                                 www.zeit.de/1954/49/sind-die-himmlischen-vogelfrei (accessed May 22, 2013).
                                                             42. ‘Untertassen-Scherben’, Die Zeit, December 16, 1954, www.zeit.de/1954/49/sind-die-
                                                                 himmlischen-vogelfrei (accessed May 22, 2013).
                                                             43. ‘Sendboten ferner Welten’, Hamburger Abendblatt 169 (July 24–25, 1954): 16.
                                                             44. ‘Das Geheimnis der “Fliegenden Untertassen” gelüftet?’, Mittelbayerische Zeitung 42
                                                                 (April 8, 1950): 2; ‘Das Rätsel der “fliegenden Untertassen”: Raumschiffe, Scherzartikel,
                                                                 oder Massensuggestion’, Passauer Neue Presse 37 (March 30, 1950): 2; ‘Machen
                                                                 “Marsmenschen” Erkundungsflüge?’, Passauer Neue Presse 25 (March 2, 1950): 3.
                                                             45. ‘Geheimnisse: Die Untertassen-Saga’, Der Spiegel 11 (1952): 16–18.


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                             46. The Parisian spiritualist and fortune teller Madame Zaepffel, for instance, was reported
                                                                 to have predicted around the New Year holiday that the ‘secret of the flying saucers’
                                                                 would be revealed to all in 1955. ‘Rätsel der “Fliegenden Untertassen” wird gelöst’,
                                                                 Hamburger Abendblatt 304 (December 31, 1954–January 2, 1955): 38.
                                                             47. ‘Jedem sein Miniatur-Heimkraftwerk’, Die Zeit, September 26, 1957, www.zeit.de/1957/
                                                                 39/jedem-sein-miniatur-heimkraftwerk (accessed May 22, 2013).
                                                             48. ‘Das Leben im Weltall: Wissenschaftliche Vergleiche mit der Erde/Gibt es noch
                                                                 Überraschungen?’ Hamburger Abendblatt 151 (July 3–4, 1954): 16.
                                                             49. ‘Untertassen-Menschen: Absolute unverletzlich’, Der Spiegel 36 (1952): 17.
                                                             50. ‘Theologen über Untertassen’, Hamburger Abendblatt 182 (August 9, 1954): 8.
                                                             51. ‘Kam Gott im Weltraumschiff?’, Die Zeit, February 26, 1960, www.zeit.de/1960/09/kam-
                                                                 gott-im-weltraumschiff (accessed May 22, 2013). This kind of work and reasoning has
                                                                 been referred to as ‘pseudoarchaeology’ by historian Garrett Fagan and has enjoyed
                                                                 great popularity since the 1950s. See Garrett G. Fagan, ed., Archaeological Fantasies:
                                                                 How Pseudoarchaeology Misrepresents the Past and Misleads the Public (New York:
                                                                 Routledge, 2006).
                                                             52. ‘Sie fliegen aber doch’, Der Spiegel 13 (1950): 33–5; ‘“Untertasse” besucht Nürnberg’,
                                                                 Mittelbayerische Zeitung 36 (March 25, 1950): 2.
                                                             53. ‘Hitler baut am Südpol Untertassen’, Passauer Neue Presse 165 (October 19, 1954): 2.
                                                             54. Matthias Häusler, ‘Zwischen Vernichtung und Pardon: Die Konzentrationslager in
                                                                 “Deutsch-Südwestafrika” (1904–1908)’, Zeitschrift für Geschichtswissenschaft 61 (2013):
                                                                 601–620; Jürgen Zimmerer, ‘The First Genocide of the Twentieth Century: The German
                                                                 War of Destruction in South-West Africa (1904–1908) and the Global History of
                                                                 Genocide’, in Lessons and Legacies VIII: From Generation to Generation, ed. Doris L.
                                                                 Bergen (Northwestern University Press, 2008), 34–64.
                                                             55. Ulrike Lindner, ‘Transnational Movements between Colonial Empires: Migrant Work-
                                                                 ers from the British Cape Colony in the German Diamond Town Lüditzerbucht’,
                                                                 European Review of History 16 (2009): 679–96.
                                                             56. Clarke and Roberts, Flying Saucerers, 31.
                                                             57. Edgar Sievers, Flying Saucer über Südafrika: Zur Frage der Besuche aus dem Weltenraum
                                                                 (Pretoria: Sagittarius, 1955), 12.
                                                             58. Ibid., 22.
                                                             59. Ibid., 74–90, 129–40.
                                                             60. Ibid., 268.
                                                             61. Ibid.
                                                             62. Ibid., 390.
                                                             63. Daniel Joseph Walther, Creating Germans Abroad: Cultural Policies and National
                                                                 Identity in Namibia (Athens: Ohio University Press, 2002), 154.
                                                             64. ‘Und ich sage Ihnen, es gibt keine fliegenden Untertassen’, Hamburger Abendblatt 267
                                                                 (November 14, 1950): 2; ‘Fliegende Bananen’, Mittelbayerische Zeitung 80 (July 8, 1950):
                                                             302   G. Eghigian

                                                                 9; ‘Stalin spurlos verschwunden’, Mittelbayerische Zeitung, Beilage MZ am Rosenmon-
                                                                 tag, (February 20, 1950): 1.
                                                             65. ‘Vögel, Flugzeuge, Ballone, Schwindel: Untersuchung über “Fliegende Untertassen”’,
                                                                 Hamburger Abendblatt 15 (February 8, 1962): 2; ‘Rätsel der “Fliegenden Untertassen”
                                                                 gelöst’, Passauer Neue Presse 140 (September 6, 1955): 2; ‘Es gibt keine “fliegende
                                                                 Untertassen”’, Passauer Neue Presse 79 (May 21, 1955): 17.
                                                             66. A.F. Marfeld, Das Weltall und Wir: Von Ewigkeit zu Ewigkeit (Berlin: Argon, 1959),
                                                                 106; Leo Nitschmann, ‘Mit kleinem Fernrohr auf dem Balkon’, Die Zeit, June 27, 1957,
                                                                 www.zeit.de/1957/26/mit-kleinem-fernrohr-auf-dem-balkon (accessed May 22, 2013).
                                                             67. ‘Braun glaubt nicht an Untertassen’, Hamburger Abendblatt 229 (October 2–3, 1954): 10.
                                                             68. Siegfried Georg Fudalla, Die Gegenwart als Patient: Ein Zeitkritisches Buch (Bern:
                                                                 Alfred Scherz, 1960), 172–3. See also, Jens Ivo Engels, Naturpolitik in der Bundesrepu-
                                                                 blik: Ideenwelt und politische Verhaltensstile in Naturschutz und Umweltbewegung 1950–
                                                                 1980 (Paderborn: Ferdinand Schöningh, 2006), 79–86.
                                                             69. ‘Der Weltraum rückt uns näher’, Die Zeit, January 10, 1957, www.zeit.de/1957/02/der-
                                                                 weltraum-rueckt-uns-naeher (accessed May 22, 2013).
                                                             70. Hermann Bausinger, Volkskultur in der technischen Welt (Stuttgart: W. Kohlhammer,


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                                 1961), 75–6.
                                                             71. One such sighting occurred over Stralsund and Rügen in January 1955. See ‘Geschäft-
                                                                 stüchtige FDJ’, Die Zeit, January 20, 1955, www.zeit.de/1955/03/geschaeftstuechtige-fdj
                                                                 (accessed May 22, 2013).
                                                             72. ‘250 Forrestals’, Neues Deutschland 148 (June 28, 1949): 2.
                                                             73. Günter G. Barlin, ‘Der Strandvogel von Florida’, Berliner Zeitung 31 (February 6,
                                                                 1955): 3; Heinz Horster, ‘Der Reisende der Untertasse’, Berliner Zeitung 119 (August 18,
                                                                 1953): 6; ‘Neues aus Amerika’, Berliner Zeitung 63 (March 15, 1950): 3.
                                                             74. ‘Siegeszug des Fragebogens’, Neue Zeit 69 (March 22, 1950): 1.
                                                             75. ‘Fliegende Untertasse’, Neue Zeit 60 (March 11, 1950): 2.
                                                             76. ‘Endlich auch in Berlin!’, Berliner Zeitung 71 (March 24, 1950): 6.
                                                             77. ‘Lob der technischen Phantasie’, Neues Deutschland 59 (February 28, 1960): 4;
                                                                 ‘Völkerverbindendes Theater’, Neues Deutschland 186 (July 3, 1959): 7; ‘Wenn der
                                                                 Marsmensch kommt’, Neue Zeit 47 (February 25, 1958): 4; ‘Ironisches Konterfei der
                                                                 Erde’, Neue Zeit 192 (May 3, 1957): 4.
                                                             78. ‘Marsmenschen und die Atombombe’, Neue Zeit 256 (October 30, 1960): 6.
                                                             79. Thomas Haury, ‘Die “Dollarkönige”: Der Antiamerikanismus der DDR’, in Amerika
                                                                 und Europa, Mars und Venus? Das Bild Amerikas in Europa, ed. Rudolf von Thadden
                                                                 und Alexandre Escudier (Göttingen: Wallstein, 2004), 65–85.
                                                             80. ‘“Untertassen” sollen Geld erpressen’, Berliner Zeitung 86 (April 13, 1950): 1.
                                                             81. ‘“Untertassen”-Panik in München’, Neues Deutschland 89 (April 16, 1950): 2.
                                                             82. Friedrich Wolf, Menetekel oder die Fliegenden Untertassen (Berlin: Aufbau, 1961), 165.
                                                             83. Ibid., 407.
                                                             84. Ibid., 134.
                                                             85. ‘Seit fünf Tagen umkreist Sputnik 2 die Erde’, Neues Deutschland 265 (November 8,
                                                                 1957): 2; Stefan Heym, ‘Offen gesagt’, Berliner Zeitung 277 (November 29, 1953): 2.
                                                             86. ‘Nicht gegen einander’, Neue Zeit 80 (April 4, 1950): 1
                                                             87. ‘Positives Kulturbewußtsein’, Neue Zeit 100 (April 29, 1950): 2.
                                                             88. C.G. Jung, Ein moderner Mythus: Von Dingen, die am Himmel gesehen werden (Zürich
                                                                 and Stuttgart: Rascher-Verlag, 1958). The book was translated into English by Richard
                                                                 Francis Carrington Hull and published in 1959 under the title Flying Saucers: A Modern
                                                                 Myth of Things Seen in the Skies. In order to avoid confusion, I will cite references in
                                                                 both the original German edition (hereafter, EmM) and the English translation, C.G.
                                                                 Jung, Flying Saucers: A Modern Myth of Things Seen in the Skies (New York: MJF
                                                                 Books, 1978), hereafter, FS. When quoting, however, I will rely on the Hull translation,
                                                                 unless otherwise noted.
                                                             89. Letter to Weltwoche (Zurich), 22 (July 9, 1954), reproduced in FS, 131–3.
                                                             90. Letter to Donald E. Keyhoe, August 16, 1958, reproduced in Ibid., 137–8. According to
                                                                 one of his biographers, however, there is evidence that, despite his public comments to
                                                                 the contrary, Jung himself privately believed that flying saucers were extraterrestrial in
                                                                                                                 Journal of Transatlantic Studies       303

                                                                  nature. See Deirdre Bair, Jung: A Biography (Boston, MA: Little, Brown and Company,
                                                                  2003), 572–3.
                                                              91. EmM, 8–9 and FS, 6–7.
                                                              92. EmM, 13–14, 17–18 and FS, 10, 15–16.
                                                              93. EmM, 24–25 and FS, 22.
                                                              94. Franz Schonauer, ‘Immer noch fliegende Untertassen’, Die Zeit, May 15, 1958, www.
                                                                  zeit.de/1958/20/immer-noch-fliegende-untertassen (accessed May 22, 2013); ‘Himmlische
                                                                  Zeichen’, Der Spiegel 12 (March 19, 1958): 61–2.
                                                              95. Richard Noll, The Jung Cult: Origins of a Charismatic Movement (Princeton: Princeton
                                                                  University Press, 1994), 202–17.
                                                              96. William Tsutsui, Godzilla on My Mind: Fifty Years of the King of Monsters (New York:
                                                                  Palgrave, 2004); J.J. King, ‘The (Un)lucky Dragon: Monstrous Futures’, Futures, 31
                                                                  (1999): 117–22; Chon Noriega, ‘Godzilla and the Japanese Nightmare: When “Them” is
                                                                  U.S.’, Cinema Journal, 27 (1987): 63–77.
                                                              97. James R. Lewis, ‘UFOs and Folklore’, in Folklore: An Encyclopedia of Beliefs, Customs,
                                                                  Tales, Music, and Art, ed. Charlie T. McCormick and Kim Kennedy (Santa Barbara:
                                                                  ABC-CLIO, 2011), 1219–22; Thomas E. Bullard, The Myth and Mystery of UFOs


Downloaded by [Dicle University] at 01:16 12 November 2014
                                                                  (Lawrence: University Press of Kansas, 2010); Albert A. Harrison, Starstruck: Cosmic
                                                                  Visions in Science, Religion, and Folklore (New York: Berghahn, 2007); Diana G.
                                                                  Tumminia, ed., Alien Worlds: Social and Religious Dimensions of Extraterrestrial
                                                                  Contact (Syracuse: Syracuse University Press, 2007).
                                                              98. Charles A. Ziegler, ‘Analysis of the Roswell Myth: A Traditional Folk Motif Clothed in
                                                                  Modern Garb’, in UFO Crash at Roswell: The Genesis of a Modern Myth, Benson Saler,
                                                                  Charles A. Ziegler, and Charles B. Moore (Washington, DC: Smithsonian Institution
                                                                  Press, 1997), 30–73.
                                                              99. Geppert, ‘Extraterrestrial Encounters’, 351.
                                                             100. Wendt and Duvall, ‘Sovereignty and the UFO’, 611.
                                                             101. See, for instance, George M. Eberhart, UFOs and the Extraterrestrial Contact
                                                                  Movement: A Bibliography, 2 Vol. (Metuchen, NJ: Scarecrow Press, 1986).
                                                             102. Christopher F. Roth, ‘UFology as Anthropology: Race, Extraterrestrials, and the
                                                                  Occult’ in E.T. Culture: Anthropology in Outerspaces, ed. Debbora Battaglia, (Durham:
                                                                  Duke University Press, 2005), 38–93.


                                                             Notes on contributor
                                                             Greg Eghigian is an Associate Professor of Modern History and the former director of the
                                                             Science, Technology, and Society Program at Penn State University (USA). A historian of the
                                                             human sciences, he is the author and editor of a number of books on the history of social
                                                             deviance, including The Corrigible and the Incorrigible: Science, Medicine, and the Convict in
                                                             Twentieth-Century Germany (presently under review), From Madness to Mental Health:
                                                             Psychiatric Disorder and Its Treatment in Western Civilization (Rutgers University Press, 2010)
                                                             and the forthcoming Routledge History of Madness (Routledge Press, projected publica-
                                                             tion 2016).
