{"created_utc": "2026-09-13T04:18:56Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 290866, "source_ctime_ns": 1788563254496597599, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2016-08-00_Nova-Religio---Vol-20-No-1---E-E-Curtis.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788563254479505607, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2016-08-00_Nova-Religio---Vol-20-No-1---E-E-Curtis.pdf", "source_sha256": "c6852bc8bc6a9584f975dcebc38ff2d62521a1dec351cd19a04fbd64c577dec9"}

Science and Technology in Elijah
     Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

           Astrophysical Disaster, Genetic
        Engineering, UFOs, White Apocalypse,
               and Black Resurrection


                          Edward E. Curtis IV


    ABSTRACT: This article explores the centrality of science and tech-
    nology to religious thought and practice in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation
    of Islam from the 1950s through the 1970s. Tracing the dynamic
    meanings of scientific knowledge in the context of the postwar United
    States, the article’s central argument is that like other UFO and extra-
    terrestrial religions, the Nation of Islam emphasized scientific, material,
    and empirical over spiritual and supernatural understandings of reli-
    gion. It also suggests how members of this new religious movement
    studied and attempted to live according to the scientific and mathe-
    matical principles derived from their prophet’s cosmological, ontolog-
    ical, and eschatological teachings on the nature of God, the origins
    and destiny of the black race, and the beginning and end of white
    supremacy.

    KEYWORDS: Nation of Islam, UFOs, science and religion, Elijah
    Muhammad


Nova Religio: The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions, Volume 20, Issue 1, pages
5–31. ISSN 1092-6690 (print), 1541-8480. (electronic). © 2016 by The Regents of the
University of California. All rights reserved. Please direct all requests for permission to
photocopy or reproduce article content through the University of California Press’s
Reprints and Permissions web page, http://www.ucpress.edu/journals.php?p=reprints.
DOI: 10.1525/nr.2016.20.1.5.

                                                                                         5
Nova Religio


Figure 1. The Honorable Elijah Muhammad, also known as the Messenger of Allah, often
touted Islam as a scientific way of life. In this 1964 address, boxer and follower Muhammad
    Ali listens intently. Stanley Wolfson, Photographer, Photo from Library of Congress.


W
             hile the Nation of Islam has received a lot of scholarly atten-
             tion, few works have interpreted the scientific and technolog-
             ical elements of its religious thought and practice.1 Past
studies of the Nation of Islam have focused on the group’s black nation-
alist politics and its program of racial uplift, specifically, the movement’s
call for racial separation from the white-dominated public sphere; its
gender dynamics; its organizational history; and its religious ethics, rituals,
and doctrines, among other themes.2 This article shows how the move-
ment’s religious thought and practice also revolved around several inter-
related claims involving science: (1) that Islam was the natural, scientific,
and technologically-advanced religious heritage of black and Muslim peo-
ple; (2) that human abuses of science and technology had resulted in
a distorted human ontology, immorality, and an unjust social order; (3)
that white supremacy would be ended though the intervention of a horri-
ble and divine technology, specifically a UFO called the Mother Plane;
and (4) that restoring black bodies and minds to their natural, scientific
state was necessary to achieve long-lasting justice and equality.
    Founded in 1930 by the mysterious W. D. Fard Muhammad in
Detroit, Michigan, the Nation of Islam became the most popular


6
    Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

American Muslim movement of the postwar era under the leadership of
its prophet, Elijah Muhammad (1897–1975).3 Malcolm X (1925–1965),
Muhammad’s chief lieutenant in the 1950s and early 1960s, helped the
movement grow into a national network of congregations with at least tens
of thousands, perhaps over a hundred thousand members—and certainly
many more sympathizers.4 By the early 1960s, the Nation of Islam also
became the most prominent black nationalist alternative to the main-
stream civil rights movement, as Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929–1968),
indicated in his 1963 Letter from a Birmingham Jail.5 Rather than presenting
a static picture of the Nation of Islam from its founding in 1930 through its
subsequent split in the late 1970s into two major groups—one led by
Imam W. D. Mohammed (1933–2008) and the other led by Minister
Louis Farrakhan (b. 1933)—this article limits its discussion of science and
technology to the era when it had the greatest impact on United States
history. As shown below, narrating the movement within an historical
period that included moments such as the 1947 postwar UFO sightings,
police and other state-sanctioned violence against African Americans in
the 1950s and 1960s, public revelations in the 1960s about the extensive
nature of state-sponsored eugenics programs, and the development of the
birth control pill, approved for contraceptive use by the United States
Food and Drug Administration in 1960, helps to contextualize the mean-
ing of science and technology within the movement.
    Since many mainstream scholars, the media, and the Federal Bureau
Investigation constructed the postwar Nation of Islam as exotic, bizarre,
and dangerous, many of its more unusual elements did not become the
subject of serious academic investigation for decades.6 This is particu-
larly true with regard to its scientific aspects. While the Nation of Islam’s
novel theories of the beginning of the world, the origins of the white and
black races, and the end of the world might be considered mythological
pseudo-science by mainstream scientists and casual observers alike, this
article argues for an approach that takes these claims seriously by em-
ploying the insights of scholarly literature on new religious movements
and especially extraterrestrial and UFO religions. Like other extrater-
restrial and UFO religions, the Nation of Islam’s teachings on theology,
cosmogony, theodicy, and soteriology emphasized ‘‘the scientific, the
material, and the empirical.’’7 As Benjamin Zeller has argued, ‘‘UFO
religions demonstrate their scientific nature though offering materialis-
tic explanations of what religions traditionally have understood as super-
natural topics.’’ They understand ‘‘all knowledge and knowable things as
comprised of physical, tangible matter’’ and ‘‘treat knowledge as derived
from the physical, tangible universe that human beings can access
through their five senses.’’8
    Like other new religious movements, including extraterrestrial and
UFO religions, the Nation of Islam also appealed to and reinterpreted
some of the basic traditions of a major world religion in order to present


                                                                           7
Nova Religio

what it considered a more authentic dispensation.9 The group appro-
priated the religious authority of the Qur’an (and just as much, the
Bible), but reinterpreted these sacred texts in light of revelations deliv-
ered by its leader, Elijah Muhammad, who was identified as the Messenger
of Allah—a title reserved by almost all other Muslims for the seventh-
century Arabian prophet, Muhammad ibn Abdallah (c. 570–632). As
Paul Brian Thomas has argued about other extraterrestrial-inspired reli-
gious groups, the Nation of Islam offered a revisionist interpretation of
canonical scriptures that unveiled what the group believed to be the
previously hidden role of extra-terrestrials—in this case, god-like black
scientists—in the origins of the world and its imminent demise.10 Thus,
this study shows how in the Nation of Islam, it was not only scientific ideas
that were important, but also scientists themselves. Relying on multiple
primary sources, I demonstrate that the religious doctrines of the Nation
of Islam portrayed some scientists as gods; using advanced knowledge and
technology, scientists could create and destroy human beings and the
worlds that they inhabit.11
    Finally, this article outlines how the scientific ethos of the Nation of
Islam was practiced inside the movement. To be sure, group members did
not rely on repeatable, lab-based experiments to test their empirical and
materialistic hypotheses, but Elijah Muhammad constantly beckoned
them to use logic and their observations of both the natural world and
their own bodies to verify his religious prophecies. Thousands of members
of the Nation of Islam in the heyday of the movement from the 1950s to
the 1970s intensely studied topics such as the separation of the Moon
from the Earth, the genetic engineering of the white man, the distances
between the sun and various planets in the solar system, and the impend-
ing end of the world via the appearance of the Mother Plane. Rather than
singing to a mystery God, Elijah Muhammad preached, black people
should study their true history and use that knowledge to become morally
pure, physically healthy, politically independent, and economically self-
sufficient. Such knowledge was indeed power. Understanding how astro-
physical disaster and human abuses of nature resulted in a distorted
human ontology, bad morals, and an unjust social order was a necessary
step in strengthening and purifying black minds and bodies necessary to
create racial justice and equality. Science had been responsible for the
decline of black Muslim civilization, but it would also provide a means of
restoring black Muslims to their natural state as rulers of the Earth.


    THE MATERIAL GOD, ASTROPHYSICAL DISASTER, AND
                   BLACK SCIENCE

   Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, members of Elijah Muhammad’s
Nation of Islam located their attraction to Islam in contradistinction to


8
    Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

Christianity partly in Islam’s scientific and rational nature. To cite one
typical example of an article written for Muhammad Speaks, the move-
ment’s weekly newspaper, Warner X Berry summarized that Allah
‘‘knows the natural laws that govern the universe. He knows the chemi-
cal and mathematical secrets to life.’’12 Dr. Leo X. McCallum, the
group’s most prominent dentist in the 1960s, similarly proclaimed that
‘‘there is nothing more scientifically, biologically, physiologically, or
mathematically correct than Islam.’’ Because Islam rejected the ‘‘basic
dogmas of Christianity,’’ he argued, it could appeal to the ‘‘rational’’ and
‘‘scientific man,’’ including the growing number of professionals inside
the movement.13 One man said that Elijah Muhammad’s explanation of
history and science did a far better job of dealing with the fossil record:
while Christian [fundamentalist] preachers sometimes denied a far old-
er timeline of the Earth, Islam, as taught by Elijah Muhammad,
embraced it.14 As Sylane X put it in one 1964 article that rejected the
un-scientific elements of Christianity: ‘‘I believe in no ‘Holy Ghost’ tales;
no murderous Spanish Inquisition Catholic Church; no communion of
saints, angels, spirits or spooks; no forgiveness of your people’s sins
against mine; no dry bones and decayed flesh resurrecting; and no life
after physical death.’’15 All of these beliefs for Sylane were irrational.
    Member testimonies about Islam as a rational, scientific alternative to
Christianity echoed the claims of movement leader Elijah Muhammad
himself. In his 1965 magnum opus, Message to the Blackman in America,
Elijah Muhammad frequently used appeals to rationality and material-
ism in explicating his theological, eschatological, and cosmological
teachings. In his teachings on the nature of God, for example, the
Messenger argued against the Christian doctrine of the Trinity (that
God is both One and Three, or Father, Son, and Holy Spirit) by deeming
it contrary to ‘‘nature and mathematics.’’ Three cannot equal one, he
stated. Moreover, Muhammad pointed out the logical inconsistency of
the idea of an immaterial God spawning material beings: ‘‘They also
teach that once upon a time He made the first man like Himself, in the
image and likeness of Himself, but yet they believe that He, Himself, is
not a man or human.’’ Such teachings, preached the leader, were false-
hoods created by the devil to ‘‘enslave the minds of the ignorant’’ so that
the devil could enslave their bodies: ‘‘the American so-called Negroes
are gravely deceived by their slave-masters’ teaching of God and the true
religion of God,’’ he wrote.16 He reassured his ‘‘poor people’’: ‘‘Allah
(God) loves us . . . fear not, you are no more forsaken.’’ Muhammad
advised them to ‘‘stop looking for a dead Jesus for help, but pray to
Him whom Jesus prophesied would come after him.’’17
    Like other new religious movements, including UFO religions, the
Nation of Islam claimed to reveal what Michael Barkun calls ‘‘stigmatized
knowledge.’’18 By offering new interpretations of old narratives, such
groups, in the words of Paul Brian Thomas, ‘‘appropriate stigmatized and


                                                                           9
Nova Religio

repressed knowledge as recovered truths while, at the same time, expos-
ing those structures, institutions, and individuals implicit in the repression
of knowledge.’’19 For instance, Elijah Muhammad cited Habakkuk, a book
in the Hebrew Bible, as a text that actually revealed the material nature of
God: ‘‘this prophet saw God as a material being belonging to the human
family of the earth—and not to a spirit (ghost).’’ This material God was
none other than W. D. Fard (pronounced Far-rad), who appeared in
Detroit in 1930 for the purpose of teaching black people the truth about
their identity and their role in cosmic history.20
    While works such as the 1965 Message to the Blackman in America, which
was a compilation of Elijah Muhammad’s sermons and newspaper col-
umns, made his teachings available to a wider audience, it was inside the
Nation of Islam’s many congregations (called both temples and mosques
throughout this period) that rank-and-file believers studied such procla-
mations as part of their religious commitments. The religious education
of Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam members and ministers included
the requirement to learn and often memorize a number of anonymously-
authored catechisms such as ‘‘The Rules of Islam,’’ ‘‘Student Enrollment,’’
‘‘English Lesson C-1,’’ ‘‘14 Questions,’’ and ‘‘Actual Facts.’’ Reflecting the
idea that the truth about the origins of the universe and human beings
had been hidden from black Americans, these sacred texts laid out many
of the foundational beliefs and values of the movement. Like Elijah
Muhammad’s sermons and books, such texts couched theological,
ethical-political, mythological, and aesthetic teachings as a truthful recol-
lection of scientific fact. Rules and facts were presented as logical conclu-
sions and observable data, even as they were interpreted at times in
a mystical fashion.21
    These catechisms oriented Nation of Islam believers in cosmic time
and space. Spatial knowledge to be learned in ‘‘Actual Facts’’ included
all planets in the solar system, their distances from the sun, their diam-
eter, and the number of days it takes for each planet to rotate around the
sun. Mercury, for example, was said, correctly, to be 36,000,000 miles
from the sun, to take 88 days to rotate the sun, and to have a diameter of
3,000 miles.22 In addition, Nation of Islam members learned the weight
of water and the speed of both sound and light. ‘‘Student Enrollment,’’
another catechism to be mastered by members, included several facts
about the Earth: ‘‘The square mileage of the Earth is 196,940,000 square
miles. 57,255,000 square miles is land. 139,685,000 square miles is
water.’’23
    In these catechisms and other sacred texts, scientists are seen not
merely as those who possess ultimate knowledge but also as people with
the power to create and destroy planets and other cosmic entities. Elijah
Muhammad himself was sometimes referred to as a ‘‘scientist.’’ For exam-
ple, his grandson, Jamil Muhammad, who was part of the movement’s
intelligentsia in the 1960s, argued that his grandfather ‘‘has the keys to


10
    Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

every scientific field of life, to prove the Islamic principles of Allah’s
authority.’’24 The Messenger proclaimed that it was a scientist, not any
kind of spirit god, who set in motion the astrophysical disaster that even-
tually led to the fall of the black man. Tracing the presence of black
people to the very origins of the universe 66 trillion years ago, he taught
that ‘‘we were once called the moon people,’’ as one version of ‘‘Actual
Facts’’ states. ‘‘But Thanks to be Allah that we were not on the other part at
the time of the separation 66 trillion years ago. At that time a scientist
[emphasis in the original] wanted all the people to look alike, so he
drilled a tube 3,000 miles in the Earth and filled it with high explosion
and set it off.’’ When this occurred, the water from the Moon, which was
tipped over, poured into the Earth, which is why the Earth is ‘‘3/4 water,’’
according to this modern scripture.25
    The laws of modern physics and findings of modern astronomy aside,
this teaching reveals how much human origins were understood in sci-
entific terms, how scientists can change the history of the worlds, and
how they do so by manipulating technology, in this case by drilling 3,000
miles into the Moon/Earth (which would be about three-quarters of the
distance to the current planet’s core). In Message to the Blackman, the
scientist who separated the Earth from the Moon was identified as
‘‘God,’’ and this particular scientist/god ‘‘wanted the [Moon] people
to speak one language, one dialect for all, but was unable to bring this
about,’’ declared the Messenger. ‘‘He decided to kill us by destroying our
planet, but still He failed.’’26
    The Earth’s history was but a small moment in cosmic time, accord-
ing to Elijah Muhammad. Much of the confusion among black people
about their true history as makers of the universe comes from the Bible,
he said. Consonant with many modern Christian fundamentalist readings
of the Bible, Muhammad taught that the current era of history was 6,000
years long. To understand all of human history as only 6,000 years long,
however, was to accept a bamboozling version of reality. ‘‘As I see it,’’ he
argued in his 1957 pamphlet, The Supreme Wisdom, ‘‘the Bible is very ques-
tionable.’’ If you read the Bible literally, Muhammad said, it made no
sense. For example, he pointed out, Genesis 1:1 declares that ‘‘the earth
was without form and void; darkness was upon the deep and the spirit of
God moved upon the waters.’’ But if the Earth was without form, then
what, he demanded to know, acted to contain the water: ‘‘what was the
water on?’’ He also argued that ‘‘the Bible opens with the words of some-
one other than God trying to represent God and His creation to us.’’ The
writer of Genesis, he says, makes it seem as if God created the ‘‘heaven and
the earth’’ in 4,004 B.C. and then created the first human being. But in
light of W. D. Fard’s teachings, Elijah Muhammad explained, ‘‘we know,
now, that it refers to the making of the white race, and not the Heaven
and the earth,’’ which were made much earlier. He reassured his followers
that there is ‘‘plenty of truth’’ in the Bible, and that prophets such as


                                                                           11
Nova Religio

Moses ‘‘do not lie’’ but that it needs to be interpreted. The Bible was not as
‘‘as holy’’ as black people generally think, according to the Messenger,
and if read without his guidance, it would be ‘‘the graveyard of my poor
people (the so-called Negroes).’’27
    Like the leaders of other extraterrestrial and UFO religions, Elijah
Muhammad revised ‘‘biblical accounts of the origin of humanity into
a narrative that includes contact, observance by, or interference on the
part of alien intelligences.’’28 The history of the original, black man
dates not to 6,000 years ago, Elijah Muhammad preached, but to trillions
of years ago. ‘‘We make . . . history every 25,000 years,’’ he said. And ‘‘when
such history is written,’’ Muhammad wrote, ‘‘it is done by twenty-four of
our scientists.’’ In this much more expansive narrative of origins, scientists
are the universal movers and shakers. These scientists not only have the
ability to describe what has happened in the past but can also predict what
will happen in the future and make it come to pass. One of the twenty-four
scientists, Muhammad explained, ‘‘acts as Judge or God for the others.’’
Once again, we see the word ‘‘God’’ being redefined to signify not some
sort of spirit but instead a real man. ‘‘Twenty-three [scientists],’’ he con-
tinued, ‘‘actually do the work of getting up the future of the nation.’’29
The phrase—‘‘getting up’’—can mean to acquire knowledge of or to
cause something to happen. In this case, it may mean both.
    One of the keys to understanding Nation of Islam science—and thus
to knowledge of self and one’s place in the universe—is noticing how
important moments in time, measurements, and other numeric values
either mirror one another or can be added to or subtracted from one
another in order to reveal another important date, measurement, or
figure. In teaching about the twenty-four scientists, for example,
Muhammad notes that ‘‘there is a significance to the number 24.’’ It
parallels or is ‘‘in accordance’’ with ‘‘the hours in a day.’’30 The number
24—and numbers more generally—did not signify some esoteric,
abstruse meaning. Instead, the meaning was largely exoteric, revealing
mathematical parallels that exist throughout time and space. Numeric
values in the Nation of Islam were to be understood literally rather than
figuratively. In most cases, numbers had to be interpreted in light of
Elijah Muhammad’s revelations, but they did not possess any sort of
meaning that does not refer to some part of the natural, material world.
Indeed, interpreting numbers in a non-scientific, immaterial manner
would have done the work of the hoodwinking devil, distracting black
people from real knowledge. The catechisms and teachings of the
Nation of Islam combined modern scientific data from astronomy and
geography with Elijah Muhammad’s revelations to render a portrait of
the universe that was knowable and ultimately changeable.
    The understanding of mathematical and numerological likenesses in
literal, material terms reveals a difference between the Nation of Islam
and some other new religious movements that Catherine Albanese,


12
    Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

following J. Stillson Judah, has labeled metaphysical religion. According
to Albanese, one of the main components of American metaphysical
groups is the idea that ‘‘material world is organically linked to a spiritual
one.’’31 But in Elijah Muhammad’s worldview, there was no spiritual
world. The material world was all that was, is, and ever will be. From
an emic (insider’s) perspective, in the Nation of Islam there was no such
thing as metaphysics—only physics. If Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of
Islam resembled any esoteric or metaphysical group, perhaps it came
closest to its Masonic cousins from the Revolutionary era of United
States history. As Albanese puts it, these more democratically-minded
Freemasons ‘‘made an intellectual move that would later help to lift
metaphysics, for many, out of its magical past and into a more rational-
ized future. Here the esoteric became exoteric. . . . Masonry, literally, let
the sun shine into the occluded secret of the Hermetic past.’’32 In a sim-
ilar way, the so-called secret of the black man’s past, the truth, was
available to all in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam—men and
women, middle-class and poor, ex-convicts and ex-addicts—if one was
willing to become a disciplined student of the Messenger. In unveiling
the ‘‘secrets’’ of Islam, talking about them to the general public, and
publishing books that anyone could read, Elijah Muhammad showed
that while the Nation of Islam may have been born in a 1930s religious
milieu suffused with Masonic ideas, Rosicrucianism, New Thought,
Theosophy, Spiritualism, black orientalism, and occult practices, it
became a different kind of movement in postwar America.33 The
Nation of Islam may have adopted various ideas from the Moorish
Science Temple, which exemplified the lively esoteric scene that ob-
tained in the interwar period, but by the late 1950s, if not before, it
sought to de-mystify religion and convert all black people to a rational,
scientific way of life, not establish a secretive cult in which only a select
few possessed the power to liberate themselves from white supremacy.
This is not to say that believers themselves did not sometimes interpret
or experience Elijah Muhammad’s Supreme Wisdom as form of gnosis—
adding their own spiritual and metaphysical understandings to his
teachings—but for many movement members, as already seen above,
it was precisely the rational, material style of thought that attracted
them to Elijah Muhammad’s movement in the first place.


  SCIENTIFIC REBELLION, GENETIC MUTATION, AND THE
              FALL OF BLACK CIVILIZATION

   In order to liberate themselves from white supremacy, said Elijah
Muhammad, black people would have to learn how they had become
second-class citizens. This narrative of Earthly origins was another exam-
ple of Barkun’s ‘‘stigmatized knowledge,’’ a truth that had been repressed


                                                                          13
Nova Religio

by the powerful and forgotten by the oppressed. Muhammad taught that
after the Earth separated from the Moon, black people established
human civilization in the Arabian city of Mecca. There were no white
people then. The very first question that potential Nation of Islam mem-
bers were asked to learn in ‘‘Student Enrollment’’ was: ‘‘Who is the orig-
inal man?’’ The answer: ‘‘The Asiatic Black Man, Owner, Maker, cream of
the planet Earth, God of the Universe and Father of Civilization.’’34 Noble
Drew Ali (1886–1929), founder of the Moorish Science Temple of
America, first popularized the idea that black people are Asiatic (or
Asian, in contemporary parlance) in his 1927 Holy Koran of the Moorish
Science Temple. Inspired by anti-colonial voices from the African Times and
Orient Review, edited by Mohammed Dusé Ali (1866–1945), and the
United Negro Improvement Association (UNIA) and its newspaper,
Negro World, Ali taught that all non-European people were by nature
Muslim, and further, that they were racially Asian, not black, Negro, or
colored.35 The Nation of Islam adapted that teaching and then provided
an elaborate historical explanation of the history of this Asiatic black
Muslim man.
    At the beginning of human civilization, black/Muslim men and
women spoke Arabic, lived productive economic lives, and followed
Victorian-like moral codes. As one section of the catechism, ‘‘14
Questions,’’ proclaims, ‘‘The root of civilization is in Arabia at the
Holy City Mecca, which means where wisdom and knowledge of the
original man first started.’’36 Not all scientists were happy in this para-
dise, however. One of them—unnamed by Elijah Muhammad and only
called ‘‘dissatisfied’’—‘‘wanted to make all of us tough and hard in order
to endure the life of the jungles of East Asia (Africa) and to overcome
the beasts there.’’ Relying on a common trope in American and African
American culture, Africa was seen as the ‘‘jungle’’, as untamed nature,
juxtaposed with the civilized world, which was represented in this narra-
tive by ‘‘Mecca.’’ In order to make black/Muslim people tough, this sci-
entist made them have ‘‘kinky hair,’’ according to Elijah Muhammad.37
Elijah Muhammad thus associated kinky hair with the toughness of
nature, and though it was not a punishment, this kinky hair was seen by
Muhammad as a natural impediment to middle-class respectability if it was
not properly groomed.38
    The creation of kinky hair in the jungles of Africa was nothing,
however, compared to the genetic engineering undertaken by the mad
scientist Yakub, the Arabic name for the biblical and Qur’anic Jacob. For
C. Eric Lincoln, the story of Yakub was ‘‘the central myth of the Black
Muslim movement.’’39 This black God/scientist hatched a plan that
resulted in the making of the white man, a genetically inferior monster,
a rapacious brute, a devil. According to the account in Elijah
Muhammad’s Message to the Blackman, which outlines the story of Yakub
in far greater detail than any of the movement’s catechisms, the Council


14
    Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

of Scientists had written his role into history long before he was born.
From the time when he was six years old, as he played with steel and
sought to figure out the laws of magnetism, he told his uncle, ‘‘when I
get to be an old man, I am going to make a people who shall rule you.’’ His
intelligence was out-sized—Yakub was called the ‘‘big head scientist’’ and
he learned everything that Mecca’s universities had to teach by the age of
eighteen. Dissenters and troublemakers in Mecca began to follow him,
tricked by his lies but also attracted to ‘‘promises of luxury,’’ particularly
the idea that slaves would relieve them of the burdens of labor. The
Meccan authorities arrested him and sent him and his 6,000 followers
into exile on Pelan, or the Mediterranean island of Patmos where the
book of Revelation was revealed.40
     Once there, Yakub made the white man through a multi-
generational and murderous program of eugenics. When still in
Mecca, according to Elijah Muhammad, Yakub had studied the ‘‘germ
of the black man under the microscope’’ and had seen that there were
two people inside of him, one black, one brown. His goal became to
‘‘separate the one from the other’’ in order to ‘‘graft the brown germ into
its last stage, which would be white.’’ As leader of his exiled community on
Pelan, Yakub recruited ‘‘doctors, ministers, nurses and a cremator’’ to
help him his carry out his plan, even after he died. In this dystopia,
physicians were to perform blood tests on all potential heterosexual cou-
ples to identify the black and brown genes of the bride and groom. If the
genes were all black, the minister would refuse to marry them on penalty
of death. If a black child happened to be born on Pelan anyway, Yakub
‘‘ordered the nurses to kill all black babies . . . by pricking the brains with
a sharp needle as soon as the black child’s head is out of the mother.’’ And
if the mother was watching, then the nurse was to lie to the mother and
claim that the baby was an ‘‘angel child’’ that must be taken to heaven.
The child would then be fed to ‘‘wild beasts,’’ or if none was available,
‘‘Yakub told the nurses to give it to the cremator to burn.’’41
     Yakub’s final solution for the black race reflected some of the most
horrific applications of science and technology in the twentieth century.
If the invocation of the crematorium was not a direct reference to
Auschwitz—suggesting that such a teaching may have appeared after
World War II—then at the very least its interpretation would have reso-
nated as such in the postwar United States. This reference also implied
the parallels between German rassenhygiene (racial hygiene) and racist
eugenics programs in the United States.42 Though the scientific racism
underpinning eugenics had been thoroughly undermined by the 1960s,
thousands, perhaps tens of thousands of poor black women were still
sterilized without their consent, at state-regulated public healthcare
facilities as late as the 1970s.43 Elijah Muhammad pointed to a clinic at
Fauquier County, Virginia, as only one site where such sterilizations were
being performed in the 1960s. ‘‘Sterilization is not birth control,’’ he told


                                                                            15
Nova Religio

his followers, ‘‘but the end of all possibility to bear children.’’
Muhammad also saw birth control as an attempt to reduce the black
population: ‘‘I say beware of being trapped into the kind of disgraceful
birth control laws now aimed almost exclusively at poor, helpless black
peoples who have no one to rely on.’’44 These sterilizations were per-
formed in a country where black bodies more generally constantly
faced the threat of violence throughout the 1960s. Unprosecuted rapes
of black women, the cruel beating of civil rights protesters, police
violence toward black men, and the disproportionate losses of black
soldiers in the Vietnam War verified for many African Americans that
the United States was a racist society that seemed either not to care or
even to take delight in violating black bodies. Elijah Muhammad’s
claim that white man was the devil, sometimes interpreted literally and
at other times read metaphorically, made sense to many black people
in this period.45
    According to Elijah Muhammad, the white devils were destined to
rule for a period of time. Living in the caves of Europe, uncivilized and
violent white men eventually conquered black Muslim civilization and
enslaved the noble black Tribe of Shabazz. Moses and Jesus all tried to
civilize the white man, and Muhammad of Arabia attempted to convert
whites to Islam, but their efforts came to naught. Black/Muslim people
forgot their original language (Arabic), their names (such as Shabazz),
their religious identity (Islam), their strong middle-class morals, and
their rights of political self-determination. They no longer knew them-
selves; they took on the unnatural religion of their slave masters,
Christianity; and they sought to integrate into the corrupted and racist
society of the white man. In short, they became the victims of cultural,
political, religious, and economic imperialism. Weak and ignorant,
Muhammad said, they were brought on a slave ship to what was called
the untamed wilderness of North America, a place that lacked civiliza-
tion, where they ate all manner of unhealthy food, began to drink liquor,
and engaged in fornication and other sinful behavior.46
    But the Nation of Islam and its prophet, Elijah Muhammad, reas-
sured the believers that the period of white supremacy would come to an
end. Relying on basic arithmetic, ‘‘Actual Facts’’ taught that devil’s rule
began its decline in 1914, a year also said by the Jehovah’s Witnesses to
signal the end of the world.47 As detailed in Message to the Blackman in
America and many other sources, Elijah Muhammad explained that God
then appeared in the flesh. In 1930, W. D. Fard Muhammad, or Allah,
arrived in Detroit. He created the Temple of Islam. Fard was, above all,
a teacher, not a magician. According to Elijah Muhammad, ‘‘he began
teaching us knowledge of ourselves, of God and the devil, of the measure-
ment of the earth, of other planets, and of the civilization of some of the
planets other than earth.’’ Once again, he framed knowledge not only in
theological but also in scientific terms: ‘‘He measured and weighed the


16
    Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

earth and its water; the history of the moon; the history of the two nations,
black and white, that dominate the earth.’’48
    By 1934, W. D. Fard, Allah, had left Detroit, and a power struggle
ensued among his followers. Elijah Muhammad also fled Detroit in the
wake of Fard’s departure. After a period of itinerancy, he established his
headquarters in Chicago at the Nation of Islam’s Temple No. 2. From
1943 to 1946, Muhammad served a prison sentence for a federal convic-
tion on draft evasion charges. He emerged in the late 1940s as the
undisputed leader of what was quickly becoming a national movement.
Aided in the 1950s by the charismatic speaker and effective organizer
Malcolm X, the Nation of Islam attracted national press attention when
CBS television reporter Mike Wallace (1918–2012) and journalist Louis
Lomax (1922–1970) produced a documentary on the group entitled The
Hate that Hate Produced (1959).49 This was when Elijah Muhammad’s
teaching about the white devil and his imminent demise became a foil
for the civil rights movement, which could depict the Nation of Islam as
the unfortunate byproduct of bad race relations.


         BLACK RESURRECTION, THE MOTHER PLANE,
                  AND WHITE APOCALYPSE

    Despite the fact that law enforcement, the press, and civil rights
leaders increasingly understood the Nation of Islam as a radical move-
ment, the group did not advocate political revolution or violent social
change. Instead, Elijah Muhammad ordered his believers to avoid main-
stream electoral politics, obey federal and state laws (which included the
right of self-defense), and focus their efforts on personal moral reform,
family-building, petit-bourgeois economic activity, and the institutional
growth of the Nation of Islam.50 Because there was no afterlife, no
heaven to which the immaterial soul would travel after death, Elijah
Muhammad beckoned his followers to live the good life in the present.
Reinterpreting both Christian theology and a widely shared belief
among practitioners of metaphysical religions, Elijah Muhammad taught
that heaven and hell were not different realms of existence or states of
mind, but rather were characterized by the conditions of one’s physical,
material existence on Earth: ‘‘He (Allah) has made it clear what consti-
tutes heaven on earth: Freedom, Justice, Equality; money, good homes
and friendship in all walks of life.’’51 The Messenger had been sent, he
said, to mentally resurrect the dead, teach them knowledge of self, and
provide them with a path toward paradise. His job was to heal the mind
and the body, and restore to its original, natural, and civilized state.
    This resurrection was already happening, according to the hundreds
of Nation of Islam members who published their stories with Muhammad
Speaks newspaper, in meetings at local congregations, and in personal


                                                                          17
Nova Religio

testimonials that were shared door-to-door and on busy street intersec-
tions in African American neighborhoods. Evidence for the change
could be found in the personal behavior of members. Following a regime
of moral norms that recalled the middle-class respectability of turn-of-
the-century African American churches, members sought to observe sex-
ual abstinence before marriage, dress in a dignified fashion, always be on
time, seek gainful employment, and use proper etiquette. Under the
aegis of the male and female auxiliaries of the movement—respectively,
the Fruit of Islam and Muslim Girls Training—heterosexual monog-
amy was also strictly enforced (except for the prophet himself). Special
emphasis was placed on disciplining, purifying, protecting, and strength-
ening the black body.52
     One of the most important aspects of communal life in the Nation of
Islam during this era was the production and consumption of healthy
food. Believers were told to avoid red meat, white flour, and foods with
additives. Alcohol, tobacco, shellfish, the ‘‘filthy’’ pig, and a number of
foods associated with Southern slave culture, which Elijah Muhammad
considered to be undignified and uncivilized, were banned. Many ‘‘soul
food’’ staples—from cornbread and collard greens to black-eyed peas
and catfish—were unwelcome in the Nation of Islam.53
     These discourses on the ethics of food, like so many aspects of the
Nation of Islam’s religious thought and practice, were framed in scien-
tific, mathematical terms. Take, for example, the commandment to limit
caloric intake. Concerned about obesity and diabetes among African
Americans, the Messenger taught his followers to eat one meal per day.
According to Muhammad, Allah ‘‘taught us that the slave-masters had
taught us to eat the wrong food and this wrong food is the cause of our
sickness and short plan of life. He declared that he would heal us and set
us in heaven at once.’’54 If they ate once daily, he promised, they would
live much longer lives, just like people in the Bible. In the section of the
‘‘Actual Facts’’ catechism entitled ‘‘How to eat and live’’ (which by the
1970s would be adapted as the title of a two-volume dietary guide pub-
lished by Elijah Muhammad), believers were to memorize the following
formulae. The left column represents how often one should eat; the
right column represents how long one would live if one ate at that
frequency:
     24 hours . . . . . 150 years
     48 hours . . . . . 300 years
     72 hours . . . . . 450 years
     4 days . . . . . 600 years
     7 days . . . . . 1,050 years
     Methuselah lived to be 960 years old, and ate once every seven days.55
     The idea that Methuselah lived to be 960 years old because he ate
only once every seven days is obviously problematic—at that rate, he
might have died from malnutrition. But what this graph communicates


18
   Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

is that eating less frequently could extend one’s lifespan, and further,
that the frequency of eating and one’s lifespan could be understood as
a simple equation. Many male and female members were very successful
in limiting their meals to once daily, and dozens of them testified that
this practice had cured them of various illnesses and made them feel
much healthier.56 Samuel 25X wrote that these teachings made good
scientific sense. His article, ‘‘Recent Scientific Research Confirms
Messenger’s 40-Year Dietary Teaching,’’ offered data and conclusions
from the American Journal of Public Health as proof.57
    Clean living made it possible for members of the Nation of Islam not
only to live in heaven right now, but also to prepare for the coming
apocalypse. The urgency of living according to Elijah Muhammad’s
interpretation of Islam stemmed from both the promise of a better life
and protection from imminent doom that Elijah Muhammad and many
of his followers believed would befall the world. Once again framing the
story of the original people in cosmic time—past, present, and future—
Sister Kris X of Temple/Mosque No. 7 in Harlem, New York, asked all
black/Muslim people to join her in the ‘‘Holy City’’:
    In the Holy City
    Where the Righteous doth abode.
    To ever hear the name Allah and walk in silken robes.
    Oh, to sail the streets of justice,
    Allah’s breath the guiding wind.
    Your ship is safely anchored;
    Bow and Stern are free from sin. . . .
    Belief in Allah and His Messenger
    Reserves the seat and pays the fare.
    Hurry! Quick! Take flight
    Lest ye be left behind. The hour glass of judgment
    Has always been on time.
    The trial is almost over;
    Harvest time is nigh.
    The tried have shed their grave clothes;
    There’s no heaven in the sky.58
The lives of black/Muslim people, waxed Sister Kris, could be as glorious
as those of their ancestors in the mythical Mecca before the genetic
engineering of the white man. If black/Muslim people recommitted
themselves to Islam, then they could be saved.
    If they did not, then, like the white man, they faced annihilation from
the coming apocalypse, which would be effected by the horrible Mother
Plane. ‘‘Nothing of the present world of mankind would be left,’’ Elijah
Muhammad promised. This vehicle of global destruction would be a UFO
that would appear in the sky one day. According to Elijah Muhammad,
W. D. Fard ‘‘pointed out a destructive dreadful-looking plane that is made
like a wheel in the sky today. It is a half-mile by half-mile square; it is


                                                                        19
Nova Religio

a humanly built planet.’’ Perhaps inspired by the many spirituals about
Ezekiel’s wheel that he had heard as a child growing up in Georgia,
Muhammad said that the biblical prophet Ezekiel had seen this UFO long
ago.59 Ezekiel, like W. D. Fard, had warned people about what was com-
ing: ‘‘Allah has warned us of how He would (one day) destroy the world
with bombs, poison gas, and finally fire that would consume and destroy
everything in the present world.’’60
    The idea that this UFO was feminine—a mother—mirrors the ways
that femininity was constructed elsewhere in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation
of Islam.61 As seen in the discussion of family planning and eugenics
above, mothers had the power in movement religious thought to destroy
and create life. The Mother Plane would destroy the old order in order
to restore the reign of black/Muslim civilization. ‘‘There is no known
equal of the Mother Plane,’’ Elijah Muhammad declared. But he also
warned not to worship the Mother Plane itself: ‘‘Do not marvel at the
make of this plane,’’ because ‘‘it is God Who made the universe.’’
The mother plane is ‘‘dreadful’’ but ‘‘her work is a display of the power
of the mightiest God.’’ The proper reaction to the mother’s awesome
power, according to the Messenger, was not to worship her but to ‘‘seek
refuge in Allah (God) from the destructive work to come from the
Mother of planes.’’62
    Notwithstanding Elijah Muhammad’s claims that Fard had taught
him about the Mother Plane during the early 1930s, many of its elements
have a postwar flavor. Though American popular culture contained
numerous references to aliens and spaceships by the early 1930s, it was
not until 1938 until Orson Welles (1915–1985) and Howard E. Koch
(1901–1995) adapted H. G. Wells’ novel, War of the Worlds (1898), for
a nationally broadcast CBS radio show. Millions tuned in to listen, and
panic ensued as some listeners really believed that Martian spaceships
were attacking Earth.63 Most Americans did not yet picture these space-
ships as round flying disks—that is, as wheels in the sky, like the Mother
Plane. According to a poll by the Gallup organization, this was still the case
during much of the 1940s. But by 1947, pilot Kenneth Arnold of Boise,
Idaho, saw ‘‘nine shiny disks . . . flipping and flashing along over Mount
Rainer,’’ and soon, people across the continental United States, including
United States Air Force Lt. Joseph C. McHenry, were seeing spherical
UFOs everywhere.64 One of the more significant UFO sightings that year
was by William Brazel, who found the remains of a weather balloon in
Roswell, New Mexico, inspiring decades of conspiracy theories about the
United States government’s role in covering up the presence of extrater-
restrial visitors. By 1950, when Frank Scully published his bestseller, Behind
the Flying Saucer, the association of a UFO with a flying saucer became
ubiquitous, even automatic.65 The Roswell myth, as it would be called,
helped to spawn not only movies such as the 1956 Earth vs. the Flying Saucer,
but also various new religious movements, including the Chicago-based


20
    Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

‘‘Seekers,’’ who believed that the world would be destroyed in 1954 by
a flood but that true believers would be saved by a flying saucer and
transported to a heavenly planet.66 The similarities between popular post-
war beliefs about UFOs and the Mother Plane myth—not to mention the
Chicago location of the Seekers group—at the very least suggest that there
was a fertile context in which Elijah Muhammad’s teachings would be
embraced and valued.
    By the late 1960s and early 1970s, Elijah Muhammad revealed further
details about the Mother Plane. These teachings were compiled in
a 1973 book entitled The Fall of America. In this 257-page work, the
Mother Plane was explained as the coup de grâce in the destruction
of the white-dominated world that began 6,000 years ago. According to
the Messenger, signs of the apocalypse in the early 1970s included nat-
ural disasters, the nagging presence of war, the sexual revolution, and
the decline of the dollar (whose convertibility to gold was temporarily
suspended by President Richard Nixon in 1971 and later taken off the
gold standard permanently).67 Elijah Muhammad was only one of many
American doomsayers, most of whom were Christian millennialists, to
read these particular phenomena as signs of the eschaton during this
period.68
    But the Messenger’s reading of how and why a UFO would destroy the
white supremacist dispensation was unique. Relying on the King James
Bible, the Qur’an, and W. D. Fard as sources, Elijah Muhammad
explained the nature of this technological wonder. First, he said,
black/Muslim scientists were in control of the Mother Plane, and they
‘‘know what you are thinking before the thought materializes.’’69
According to Elijah Muhammad, this is what the Qur’an 50:16 meant
when God says, ‘‘and We certainly created man, and We know what his
mind suggests to him—and We are nearer to him than his life-vein.’’70
Because these scientists/gods are omniscient, they could see what is
coming before it happens. Government scientists might try to destroy
the Mother Plane by sending fighter jets against it, ‘‘but if a plane did get
close enough . . . it would be destroyed instead.’’71 The Mother Plane
also had the capacity to lift whole mountains from their moorings, defy
Earth’s gravity for one year, and generate its own oxygen and hydrogen.
    Exactly how would the Mother Plane destroy the present order?
Quoting from the book of Ezekiel, Muhammad noted that the Mother
Plane was shaped like a wheel, that there were ‘‘four living creatures’’
inside of it, and that ‘‘their word was as it were a wheel in the middle of
the wheel’’ (Ezekiel 1:16). These creatures will scatter ‘‘coals of fire’’ over
cities, which could mean, according to the Messenger, that fire or bombs
would be released. The bombs ‘‘would automatically be timed to burrow
quickly to a position of one mile below the surface of the earth where
they are timed to explode.’’72 These bombs, however, would not act like
normal explosives. Instead, they would ‘‘separate from the righteous that


                                                                            21
Nova Religio

which is hindering the righteous from making progress and . . . destroy
the effect of the poison of that which has opposed the righteous.’’ Elijah
Muhammad provides little explanation of how exactly this will work. The
source of the black/Muslim man’s poison—presumably the devil—
would be completely destroyed. He compared the event to ‘‘being bitten
by a rattlesnake. Quickly medication is administered in order to mini-
mize the effect of the poison upon flesh and blood until a complete cure
is effected; and the patient recuperates and is well again.’’ White people
and black people who were disbelievers in Islam might never recover
from the bite. They would live in a state of hell because they refused to
believe in the truth. Those willing to ‘‘take their medicine’’ via the harsh
technology of the Mother Plane would, however, be cured, their bodies
purified of white poison.73
    In 1972, just three years before his death, Elijah Muhammad revealed
a bombshell interpretation of the Mother Plane myth: the white apoca-
lypse would not actually kill all white people. ‘‘Now, I must tell you the
truth,’’ he explained in an interview, ‘‘there will be no such thing as
elimination of all white people from the Earth. . . . No, because there are
some white people today who have faith in Allah and Islam though they
are white, and their faith is given credit.’’74 What faith was this, exactly?
The Messenger did not expound on the comment, and there was little
indication of how such faith could possibly transform the white man
whose very genetic composition made him devilish. That such a transfor-
mation was possible, however, had been hinted at even before the 1970s.
In 1957, Muhammad wrote in the Supreme Wisdom that Caucasian people
‘‘just haven’t the nature to do good unless they are returned into that which
they were taken from.’’75 Though there was also no further comment in
1957 on how the uncivilized, brutish, violent, and unjust nature of the
white man could be changed, the idea that they would be restored to
‘‘that which they were taken from’’ seems to indicate that they or their
genes could be altered to reflect the inherently good and divine nature
of the original black man. Then, in 1967, at the annual Saviour’s Day
Convention in Chicago celebrating W. D. Fard, Muhammad revealed
that evil—whiteness—was inherent even to the original, black man.
‘‘White was in the Black,’’ he told the crowd, ‘‘but no one had ever made
an attempt to bring it out.’’ In his scientific experiments, Yakub—like
Jacob of the Hebrew Bible—was ‘‘wrestling the white man out of the
black man.’’76
    In the post-apocalyptic world, humankind would be purified of this
evil whiteness. The original man would reign, just as he was meant to be.
The white part of humanity—the part responsible for colonialism, impe-
rialism, slavery, genocide, the Holocaust, world wars, and the threat of
nuclear annihilation—would be gone. ‘‘Peace, joy, and happiness will
have no end,’’ the Messenger promised in The Supreme Wisdom. ‘‘Wars will
be forgotten. . . . It will be the heaven of the righteous forever; no sickness,


22
    Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

no hospitals, no insane asylums, no gambling, and no cursing or
swearing. . . . All fear, grief and sorrow will stop.’’77 The promise of the
white apocalypse assured people of color that their cries for justice would
eventually be heard; for some, the white apocalypse would be righteous
revenge. But the end of the white supremacy was supposed to be a means
to an end, a better world in which sinful behavior of whites—but not all
white people—would be destroyed. The vision expressed an innocent
belief in humanity’s true nature as good and generous. It was also a terri-
ble vision of racial genocide. But unlike technologies of white supremacy,
it was not used to justify violence toward the Other; it was used to reassure
the oppressed that their day was coming and in the meantime they better
get busy not with attacks against white people but with reform of them-
selves, their families, and their local communities.
    Beyond the way that the Mother Plane would be the vehicle, or means,
through which this new order would be established, it is also important to
understand how the technology itself was a form of revelation. As its most
perceptive interpreter has pointed out, Elijah Muhammad’s doctrine of
the Mother Plane reflects larger modern orientations toward technology
as a form of religious revelation, especially with regard to the technologies
of destruction such as those in the prophecies of Ezekiel. In his book,
Children of Ezekiel, Michael Lieb explains how Ezekiel’s vision of the apoc-
alypse used the technological marvel of the merkaba, the throne-chariot, to
transform the theoretical vision of the end of the world into a concrete
thing, a ‘‘new order.’’ Riffing on Martin Heidegger’s discourses on tech-
nology, Lieb argues that in the modern age, ‘‘technology is not the result
of that which is simply ‘produced’ through the act of causing something to
be formed or constructed; rather it is that though which the being of
a thing is ‘manifested’ or ‘disclosed.’’’78 In its essence, technology is
a poetry of unconcealment, revealing something that already exists.
While some commentators on Ezekiel see his visions as a form of madness
or pathology, Lieb points out how Jewish mystics have often regarded
Ezekiel’s vision as ‘‘a source of triumph of matter over spirit.’’ What mat-
ters in Ezekiel’s elaborate vision of the wheel was not the power or idea
behind its creation, but the wheel itself. This interpretation of Ezekiel’s
wheel anticipated the way that UFO religions and other new religious
movements similarly regarded technology not only as a vehicle of revela-
tion, but as a form of revelation itself.79 The thing—the technology—is
what counted. As we have seen, public scientific discourse in the Nation of
Islam during the 1950s and 1960s included symbolic elements, but in
general, the catechisms and other sacred texts of Elijah Muhammad’s
Nation of Islam overwhelmingly framed religion in the vocabulary of
material reality and observable truth.
    This was the case even as Elijah Muhammad began to talk publicly
about his telepathic abilities and the once repressed truth that ordinary
people could develop parapsychological powers. In 1972, Elijah


                                                                          23
Nova Religio

Muhammad made a series of speeches (now available on the Internet)80,
later compiled in a posthumous book entitled The Theology of Time, that
were framed as what might be called esoteric wisdom. In a lecture enti-
tled ‘‘The Veil Must Be Lifted,’’ Muhammad explained to his listeners
that ‘‘what you have been told [before] was not told to you for you to
understand. It was not given to you to understand before this time.’’
Now, he said, he would reveal the ‘‘secrets of all truth that have put in
a symbolic manner. Now, today, the veil must be lifted and you must
understand.’’81 This striking assertion signaled a shift toward the deploy-
ment of more explicitly metaphorical language in the Nation of Islam,
though the wisdom to be gained was once again of a material reality, not
some heavenly, metaphysical sphere.
    Elijah Muhammad declared that he could hear the scientists who
rode in the Mother Plane and told his followers that they, too, could
develop the power of telepathy. One could read the minds of others, he
preached, ‘‘if you will take time, clear your mind, and then go into some
place where no one will disturb you.’’ This power applied either to what
was happening on the Wheel—the Mother Plane—or simply another
person. ‘‘After a while you can hear what the Brother is saying to himself.
Maybe you can hear the motors going in one of the Wheels.’’82 Others
had done it before them, including Jesus, who was described as another
scientist who possessed a ‘‘radio in the head,’’ that is, an ability to ‘‘tune
in’’ the thoughts of other people. Elijah Muhammad’s comment paral-
leled many of the esoteric understandings of Jesus popular in the inter-
war period, beliefs that had been expressed in Noble Drew Ali’s 1927
Holy Koran of the Moorish Science Temple. But once again showing his
distance from more typically metaphysical religion, Muhammad’s para-
psychology did not reveal the existence of some immaterial, spiritual
realm of existence; it established the presence of real, physical realities
that could be understood using the human senses. As Elijah
Muhammad appropriated more parapsychological language in discuss-
ing the nature of the human mind, he continued to couch his teachings
in technological and physicalist terms. Once a believer had eliminated
unnecessary noise and was in a quiet place, Elijah Muhammad prom-
ised, the believer would be able to hear the ‘‘motors’’ of the Mother
Ship and listen to the ‘‘radio in the head.’’ This would result in further
scientific evidence to support the existence of the Mother Plane and its
important mission.


                              CONCLUSION

   In 1975, the Honorable Elijah Muhammad died, and his son, W. D.
Mohammed, also known as Warith Deen Muhammad, emerged as the
leader of the Nation of Islam. Imam Mohammed, as he became known,


24
   Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

implemented what he called the ‘‘Second Resurrection,’’ reinterpreting
various aspects of the Nation of Islam’s teachings in accordance with the
Sunni Islamic pillars of both belief and practice. Believers were taught
that Master Fard was not actually God and that his father, Elijah
Muhammad, was not the final Messenger of God. The myth of Yakub’s
genetic engineering was replaced with a more standard Sunni narrative
of how God created humankind—of one race—from a blood clot
(Qur’an, Sura al-‘Alaq, 96:1). Believers were asked to fast during the
lunar month of Ramadan, not in December; to go on hajj to Mecca, if
possible; and to perform salat, the prescribed prayers involving a series
of prostrations, five times a day. The world would come to an end during
the Day of Judgment, and it would be an awful day, but the Mother Plane
would not be the technology of God’s destructive agency. The new
Nation of Islam still emphasized traditional themes of black pride,
a healthy diet, sexual modesty, and economic self-determination, but
W. D. Mohammed saw the Qur’an and the Sunna, or Tradition of the
Prophet Muhammad, as the sacred sources of authority that underwrote
such practices. Mohammed also changed the name of the organization
to the World Community of al-Islam in the West and then to the American
Muslim Mission. He eventually decentralized the group, asking local com-
munities to take responsibility for their own mosques. It was largely a suc-
cessful revolution, and the followers of W. D. Mohammed, who died in
2008, can still be found throughout the country.83
    While most of the local congregations associated with W. D.
Mohammed’s new Nation of Islam remained loyal to him, not all
Nation of Islam leaders and followers were happy with the change in
1975. By 1978, Minister Louis Farrakhan, who initially expressed his
loyalty to W. D. Mohammed, broke away to form his own version of the
Nation of Islam. Though he did not inherit the mosques associated with
W. D. Mohammed, he successfully allied with some former leaders in the
Nation of Islam, recruited new members and disaffected Muslims in
W. D. Mohammed’s group, and built his own movement based on inter-
pretations of Elijah Muhammad’s teachings. Minister Farrakhan
adopted and then adapted the mathematic, scientific, and technological
aspects of Elijah Muhammad’s thought, especially the extensive teach-
ings about the Mother Plane that Elijah Muhammad revealed in the
early 1970s. Numerology and Masonic elements also came to play a sig-
nificant role in Minister Farrakhan’s speeches; one fine example of this
is his speech at the 1995 Million Man March on the National Mall in
Washington, D.C.84 The Mother Plane, which was redubbed the Mother
Ship and the Mother Wheel, was perhaps more important to his religious
experience and authority than it had been to Elijah Muhammad. In 1985,
Farrakhan said, he was in Tepotzlan, Mexico, when he had a vision of
visiting the Mother Ship. He was transported to the UFO by a beam of
light—something that Elijah Muhammad had not experienced—and he


                                                                         25
Nova Religio

was eventually able to speak with the Messenger there and gain invaluable
prophetic insights into his leadership of the new Nation of Islam and its
role in the Reagan era.85 According to one scholar, who has offered full-
length treatment of the incident, it was the most formative religious
encounter in Minister Farrakhan’s life.86
     Rather than presenting an amalgamated, static view of the scientific
and technological teachings associated with the history of various
branches of the Nation of Islam, this article has analyzed the history of
Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam within the historical contexts of the
1950s, 1960s, and 1970s. It has suggested how various elements of middle
to late twentieth-century science and technology—from the dreadful
crematoriums of Auschwitz and changing postwar view of UFOs as flying
saucers to eugenics programs and research on healthy diet—informed
the Nation of Islam’s religious thought and practice. Instead of dismiss-
ing Elijah Muhammad’s sometimes correct, sometimes wildly incorrect
appropriations of mathematics and science as entertaining but ulti-
mately silly cultic oddities, I have sought to explain how Elijah
Muhammad and many of his followers believed that their practice of
Islam was rational and scientific, how math and science reflected the
real, untold story of black people’s origins and destiny, and how tech-
nology has been abused in the past, but through the vehicle of the
Mother Plane, would usher in a black utopia. Like other extraterrestrial
and UFO religions, the Nation of Islam largely rejected spiritual and
metaphysical explanations that some unseen force was the pulling the
strings of the universe; instead, it offered a materialistic explanation of
how people had been created, why bad things happened to them, what
they could do to improve their situation, and how everything would turn
our perfect in the end. Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam was thor-
oughly invested in the language of science and technology, offering what
its followers believed was a path to justice and a better life.


                               ENDNOTES
1
  A notable exception is Michael Lieb, Children of Ezekiel: Aliens, UFOs, the Crisis of
Race, and the Advent of the End Time (Durham, N.C.: Duke University Press, 1998).
My study builds on Lieb’s analysis of science and technology in the movement by
emphasizing religious practice as well as religious thought and by doing so from
the viewpoint of rank-and-file members as well as leaders.
2
  This body of literature includes dozens of books and hundreds of articles. On
the Nation of Islam as a form of black nationalism, see E. U. Essien-Udom, Black
Nationalism: The Search for an Identity (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1962)
and C. Eric Lincoln, The Black Muslims in America (Boston: Beacon, 1961). For
organization histories, see Mattias Gardell, In the Name of Elijah Muhammad: Louis
Farrakhan and the Final Call (Durham: Duke University Press, 1996) and Clifton


26
    Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

E. Marsh, The Lost-Found Nation of Islam (Lanham: Scarecrow Press, 2000). On its
religious elements, see Edward E. Curtis IV, Black Muslim Religion in the Nation of
Islam, 1960–1975 (Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 2006). On
women in the Nation of Islam, see Dawn-Marie Gibson and Jamillah Karim,
Women of the Nation: Between Black Protest and Sunni Islam (New York: New York
University Press, 2014).
3
  For a study that situates the Nation of Islam within the larger history of Muslim
American organizations, see Kambiz GhaneaBassiri, A History of Islam in America:
From the New World to the New World Order (New York: Cambridge University Press,
2010).
4
  See Manning Marable, Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention (New York: Viking, 2011).
5
   Martin Luther King, Jr., ‘‘Letter from the Birmingham Jail,’’ in Black Writers in
America, ed. Richard Barksdale and Kenneth Kinnamon (Englewood Cliffs, N.J.:
Prentice Hall, 1972), 867–68.
6
   Sean McCloud, Making the American Religious Fringe: Exotics, Subversives, and
Journalists, 1955–1993 (Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 2004),
55–94.
7
   Benjamin E. Zeller, Prophets and Protons: New Religious Movements and Science in
Late Twentieth-Century America (New York: New York University Press, 2010), 118,
and compare Brenda Denzler, The Lure of the Edge: Scientific Passions, Religious
Beliefs, and the Pursuit of UFOs (Berkeley: University of California Press, 2001);
James R. Lewis, ed., The Gods Have Landed: New Religions from Other Worlds
(Albany: State University of New York Press, 1995); and Christopher H.
Partridge, UFO Religions (London: Routledge, 2003).
8
   Zeller, Prophets and Protons, 118–119.
9
   For more on the ‘‘traditional appeals’’ of new religious movements, see James
R. Lewis, Legitimating New Religions (New Brunswick, N.J.: Rutgers University
Press, 2003), 13–14.
10
    Paul Brian Thomas, ‘‘Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions,’’ Nova Religio 14,
no. 2 (2010): 61–83.
11
    My sources include the publications and speeches of Nation of Islam leaders,
especially Elijah Muhammad; catechisms used at Nation of Islam meetings and
study sessions; and the poetry and commentary of rank-and-file Nation of Islam
members in Muhammad Speaks newspaper, which remains the single best con-
temporaneous record of members’ activities.
12
    Warner X Berry, ‘‘War Vet Credits Messenger Muhammad for Restoring His
Peace of Mind,’’ Muhammad Speaks, 6 April 1966, 25.
13
    Dr. Leo X, ‘‘On the Scientific Significance of Teachings of the Messenger of
Allah,’’ Muhammad Speaks, 28 May 1965. See also Brother Warren X Payne,
‘‘Awareness of Self, Allah Are Islam’s Gift to the Black Race,’’ Muhammad
Speaks, 11 April 1969, and Walter 3X Epps, ‘‘The Atom and Islam: The
Messenger Is Our Nucleus,’’ Muhammad Speaks, 5 November 1971, 15.
14
    George X Tucker, ‘‘Black Honduran Finds New Life in Messenger’s
Teachings,’’ Muhammad Speaks, 19 August 1966, 25.
15
    Sylane X, Muhammad Speaks, April 1962, as quoted in Curtis, Black Muslim
Religion, 15. Pace Sylane X’s creedal formulation here, most Islamic traditions do


                                                                                 27
Nova Religio

acknowledge angels, the resurrection of bodies, and life after death as founda-
tional doctrines.
16
   Elijah Muhammad, Message to the Blackman in America (Newport News, VA:
United Brothers Communication Systems, 1992 [1965]), 1–3.
17
   Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 3.
18
    Michael Barkun, A Culture of Conspiracy: Apocalyptic Visions in Contemporary
America (Berkeley: University of California Press, 2009), 26–27.
19
   Thomas, ‘‘Revisionism in ET-Inspired Religions,’’ 66.
20
   Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 8, 16–17.
21
   My versions of the catechisms come from the F.B.I.’s declassified 1955 inter-
nal monograph about the Nation of Islam. See ‘‘Nation of Islam Part 1 of 3,’’
FBI Records: The Vault, http://vault.fbi.gov/Nation%20of%20Islam/
Nation%20of%20Islam%20Part%201%20of%203/view, last accessed March
10, 2015. The FBI conducted surveillance on many important African
American organizations in the twentieth century due to the widespread belief
among Bureau personnel that any public organizing conducted by African
Americans was a potential danger to the (white supremacist) status quo. See,
for example, Robert A. Hill, editor, The FBI’s RACON: Racial Conditions in the
United States during World War II (Boston: Northeastern University Press, 1995).
22
    ‘‘Actual Facts,’’ 83–84. There was a distinction made sometimes between
‘‘Facts’’ and ‘‘Actual Facts,’’ though in practice this distinction could be blurred.
23
   ‘‘Student Enrollment (10 Questions),’’ in ‘‘Nation of Islam Part 1 of 3,’’ 73.
This geographical information likely reflected not only the scientific impulse in
the Nation of Islam but also resonated with Elijah Muhammad’s teaching that
Muslims should acquire ‘‘land of their own’’ for the purpose of achieving polit-
ical and economic independence from whites. Though the Nation of Islam was
for the most part an urban movement, the yeoman ideal of independent, land-
holding, self-determined black farmers continued to hold meaning long after
most African Americans had left the rural South. The Messenger himself even-
tually purchased several farms from which he could source the healthy foods that
he asked believers to eat and supply grocery stores associated with his network of
believers across the United States. See Bayyinah Sharrieff, ‘‘The Miracle of
Muhammad: Development of Cattle Industry,’’ Muhammad Speaks, 13
November 1970, 18, and Muhammad Speaks, 2 August 1968, 19.
24
   ‘‘Allah and His Messenger,’’ Muhammad Speaks, 1 January 1965, 1.
25
   ‘‘Actual Facts,’’ 84, in ‘‘Nation of Islam Part 1 of 3.’’
26
   Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 31.
27
   Elijah Muhammad, The Supreme Wisdom: Solution to the So-Called Negroes’ Problem
(Newport News, VA: National Newport News and Commentator, n.d. [1957]),
12–13.
28
   Thomas, ‘‘Revisions in ET-Inspired Religions,’’ 67.
29
   Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 108–109.
30
   Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 108.
31
   Catherine L. Albanese, Republic of Mind and Spirit: A Cultural History of
American Metaphysical Religion (New Haven: Yale University Press, 2008), 6, and


28
     Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

see J. Stillson Judah, The History and Philosophy of the Metaphysical Movements in
America (Philadelphia: Westminster, 1967).
32
   Albanese, Republic of Mind and Spirit, 133.
33
   For a genealogy of African American esoteric groups and ideas during this
period, see Jacob Dorman, ‘‘Black Orientalism and Black Gods of the
Metropolis,’’ in The New Black Gods: Arthur Huff Fauset and the Study of African
American Religions, ed. Edward E. Curtis IV and Danielle Brune Sigler
(Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 2009), 116–142.
34
   ‘‘Student Enrollment (10 Questions),’’ 72–73.
35
   See further Richard Brent Turner, Islam in the African-American Experience, 2d
ed. (Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 2003).
36
   ‘‘14 Questions,’’ p. 78.
37
   Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 31.
38
   Elijah Muhammad banned chemical hair treatments, which he saw as unnat-
ural and unhealthy. But many women in the Nation of Islam did use hot combs
to straighten their ‘‘untamed’’ hair. Men often cut their hair short. These styles
of coiffure were in keeping, said Sister Kathleen X of Mosque No. 25 in Newark,
New Jersey, with the respectable, natural, and modest hairstyles of modern
African people: ‘‘Examine pictures of the Original people of contemporary
Africa.’’ she wrote. ‘‘Of course you do not find plastered-down, greasy coifs.
But, you cannot say these hairstyles are towering fly-catchers, either.’’ Sister
Kathleen X, ‘‘Shun the Afro!’’ Muhammad Speaks, 12 September 1969, 21.
39
   Lincoln, Black Muslims in America, 72.
40
   Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 110–114.
41
   Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 112, 114–115.
42
   See further Stefan Kühl, ‘‘The Cooperation of German Racial Hygeniests and
American Eugenecists before and after 1933,’’ in The Holocaust and History: The
Known, the Unknown, the Disputed, and the Reexamined, ed. Michael Berenbaum
and Abraham Peck (Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1998), 134–152, and
compare Stefan Kühl, The Nazi Connection: Eugenics, American Racism, and German
National Socialism (New York: Oxford University Press, 1994).
43
   Dorothy E. Roberts, Killing the Black Body: Race, Reproduction, and the Meaning of
Liberty (New York: Pantheon, 1997), 90–95.
44
   Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 64.
45
   Curtis, Black Muslim Religion, 95–130.
46
   See Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 31, 82–84, 110–22, and 230–32, and
Muhammad, Supreme Wisdom, 11, 15, 29, 31, 33, 36, and 38.
47
   ‘‘Actual Facts,’’ 85. For the significance of 1914 to the Jehovah’s Witnesses, see
Zoe Knox, ‘‘Writing Witness History: The Historiography of the Jehovah’s
Witnesses and the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania,’’
Journal of Religious History 35, no. 2 (June 2011): 167.
48
   Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 16–17.
49
    Accounts of the early years of Elijah Muhammad’s leadership of the Nation of
Islam can be found in Claude Andrew Clegg III, The Life and Times of Elijah
Muhammad (Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 2014 [1997]), and


                                                                                  29
Nova Religio

Karl Evanzz, The Messenger: The Rise and Fall of Elijah Muhammad (New York:
Vintage, 2001).
50
    On differing views of the movement’s radical politics, compare Hans Baer
and Merrill Singer, African American Religion: Varieties of Protest and Accommodation
(Knoxville: University of Tennessee Press, 2002), 113–151, especially 148, and
Curtis, Black Muslim Religion, 127–130.
51
    Muhammad, Supreme Wisdom, 15.
52
    Edward E. Curtis IV, ‘‘Islamizing the Black Body: Ritual and Power in Elijah
Muhammad’s Nation of Islam,’’ Religion and American Culture 12, no. 2 (2002):
167–196.
53
    Essien-Udom, Black Nationalism, 205–6; Elijah Muhammad, How to Eat to Live,
Book No. 2 (1972; repr. Newport News Va.: National Newport News and
Commentator, n.d.), 65–66, 78, 87–93, 108, 113, 141; and ‘‘The Devil’s Diet for
the Righteous,’’ Muhammad Speaks, 26 May 26 1967, 14.
54
    Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 17; see also Muhammad, Supreme
Wisdom, 11.
55
    ‘‘Actual Facts,’’ 83.
56
    Sister Anne 3X, ‘‘Girl Counts Her Blessings since Joining With Islam,’’
Muhammad Speaks, 20 December 1963, 7; Allen 3X, ‘‘How Messenger
Muhammad’s Dietary Rules Saved My Life,’’ Muhammad Speaks, 9 April 1971,
28; Bayyinah Sharrieff, ‘‘Good Health with Muhammad’s Program,’’ Muhammad
Speaks, 23 April 1971, 15.
57
    Samuel 25X, ‘‘Recent Scientific Research Confirms Messenger’s 40-Year
Dietary Teachings,’’ Muhammad Speaks, 7 May 1971, 22, and see further C. M.
McKay, ‘‘Effect of Restricted Feeding and Chronic Diseases in Rats and Dogs,’’
American Journal of Public Health 37, no. 5 (1947): 521–28.
58
    Sister Kris X, ‘‘The Holy City,’’ Muhammad Speaks, 27 March 1964, 11.
59
    Lieb, Children of Ezekiel, 146–147.
60
    Elijah Muhammad, The Supreme Wisdom, 14. The idea of a fiery apocalypse,
which was part of African American spirituals and folklore, was also picked up by
James Baldwin in his 1963 book, The Fire Next Time (New York: Dial Press, 1963).
61
    Compare Stephen C. Finley, ‘‘The Meaning of Mother in Louis Farrakhan’s
‘Mother Wheel’: Race, Gender, and Sexuality in the Cosmology of the Nation of
Islam’s UFO,’’ Journal of the American Academy of Religion 80, no. 2 (2012): 434–65.
62
    Muhammad, Message to the Blackman, 240–242.
63
    ‘‘Radio Listeners in Panic, Taking War Drama as Fact,’’ New York Times, 31
October 1938, 1; Hadley Cantril, The Invasion from Mars: A Study in the Psychology of
Panic (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1940), 55, 58–60, 71,133, 180.
64
    Sidney Shalett, ‘‘What You Can Believe about Flying Saucers,’’ Saturday
Evening Post 221, no. 44 (30 April 1949): 20–21,136–139.
65
    Benson Saler, Charles A. Ziegler, and Charles B. Moore, UFO Crash at Roswell:
The Genesis of a Modern Myth (Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution Press,
1997), 6, 10–14, 146–147.
66
    William Sims Bainbridge and Rodney Stark, ‘‘Cult Formation: Three
Compatible Models,’’ Sociological Analysis 40 (1979): 283–95, and compare
Leon Festinger, Henry W. Riecken, and Stanley Schachter, When Prophecy Fails:


30
    Curtis IV: Science and Technology in Elijah Muhammad’s Nation of Islam

A Social and Psychological Study of a Modern Group that Predicted the End of the World
(London: Pinter and Martin, 2008 [1956]).
67
   Elijah Muhammad, The Fall of America (1973, repr. Newport News, Va.:
National Newport News and Commentator, n.d.).
68
   See Paul Boyer, When Time Shall Be No More: Prophecy Belief in Modern American
Culture (Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard University Press, 1992) and compare
Matthew Avery Sutton, American Apocalypse: A History of Modern Evangelicalism
(Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard University Press, 2014).
69
   Muhammad, Fall of America, 241–242.
70
   Elijah Muhammad generally used the Muhammad Ali translation of the
Qur’an. See The Holy Quran, trans. Muhammad Ali (Lahore Ahmadiyya
Movement, 2002), http://www.muslim.org/english-quran/quran.htm.
71
   Muhammad, Fall of America, 237.
72
   Muhammad, Fall of America, 238–239.
73
   Muhammad, Fall of America, 239.
74
   Muhammad Speaks, 11 February 11 1972, 4.
75
   Muhammad, Supreme Wisdom, 23. Emphasis added.
76
   Lieb, Children of Ezekiel, 144.
77
   Muhammad, Supreme Wisdom, 25.
78
   Lieb, Children of Ezekiel, 12–13.
79
   Lieb, Children of Ezekiel, 14–17.
80
   ‘‘Hon. Elijah Muhammad, Theology of Time Series, August 6, 1972,’’ https://
www.youtube.com/watch?v¼zgALNPUyWF0&feature¼youtu.be, last accessed
March 10, 2015.
81
   Lieb, Children of Ezekiel, 171–172.
82
   Lieb, Children of Ezekiel, 176.
83
   The story of the transition is told, among other places, in Marsh, From Black
Muslims to Muslims, and Turner, Islam in the African-American Experience.
84
   Louis Farrakhan, ‘‘Speech at the Million Man March,’’ October 16, 1995.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v¼U8UB-shmJfQ, last accessed March 10,
2015.
85
   Gardell, In the Name of Elijah Muhammad, 131–133.
86
   Finley, ‘‘The Meaning of Mother in Louis Farrakhan’s ‘Mother Wheel’,’’ 434.


                                                                                   31
