{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T23:08:57Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 83481, "source_ctime_ns": 1788560733208054161, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2017-04-27---Journal-of-Popular-Culture---Vol-50-No-2---Tromly.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788560733205136057, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2017-04-27---Journal-of-Popular-Culture---Vol-50-No-2---Tromly.pdf", "source_sha256": "cc09078f478eedc0ba0999ef0b39494383216616d1ec764204f052029a794d7a"}

Race, Citizenship, and the Politics of Alien
Abduction; Or, Why Aliens do not Abduct
Asian Americans

LUCAS TROMLY


         LIEN ABDUCTION IS AN INHERENTLY AMERICAN EXPERIENCE. THE


A        vast majority of people who report abduction by aliens are
         American, a fact that is somewhat surprising given that, if
contemplated practically, nation as a legal, social, or political struc-
ture should have no relevance to the business of abduction.1 What
could be of less significance to aliens intent on capturing humans for
study or breeding than national borders that can be flown over effort-
lessly and with a speed that makes detection all but impossible? Wai
Chee Dimock’s argument about the political implications of natural
disasters like Hurricane Katrina also applies to alien abduction: both
phenomena reduce the United States, or any nation, to “simply the
spot where catastrophe hits, the place on the map where large-scale
forces, unleashed elsewhere, come home to roost” (2). And yet, the
topocentrism of alien abduction remains persistent, and although
recent criticism has explored its politically overdetermined nature,
this counterintuitive primacy of nation to abduction narratives has
yet to be accounted for.2
   The fringe discourse of alien abduction offers a surprisingly conser-
vative formulation of American national identity. Abduction, as a
conceptual frame, provides a way of talking about a body of people
who stand to be abducted. In the sorting and selection that implicitly
takes place through abduction, the intervention of a radical otherness
in the figure of the extraterrestrial establishes uniformity among
abductees that affirms the unity of the American citizenry. However,

The Journal of Popular Culture, Vol. 50, No. 2, 2017
© 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

                                        276
Race, Citizenship, and the Politics                                277

the community delineated by narratives of abduction is problematic
when examined in terms of who is chosen for abduction, and who is
passed over. A closer look reveals a racially exclusionary dimension to
abduction, an experience that is said to include people regardless of
their color. The curious absence of the figure of the minority abductee
within the testimonies and critical speculations that anchor abduction
culture betrays an assumption that, as a pool of potential abductees,
America is homogeneously white. The racial blind spots of abduction
discourse emerge through the difficulty with which Asian Americans,
whose conflation of racial and national identities cannot easily be
gathered into a fantasy of national sameness, occupy the role of
abductee.
   Multiple critics argue that the very presence of the extraterrestrial
alien consolidates or produces some manner of human collectivity.3
The oppositionally constitutive aspect of alien contact is most pro-
nounced in narratives of invasion that, given their emphasis on mass
response, collective fear and anger, and historical upheaval, position
individuals as part of a larger human body. When confronted by
aliens—particularly those that threaten colonization or global
destruction—a human collective unites on the basis of a common
interest that transcends pre-existing social or political divisions. As
Edward James puts it, in the face of the alien, “the human race is
seen as one and united, and the problem is what attitude to take to
the aliens beyond” (27), and Jodi Dean describes the human unity
produced by aliens as “species-consciousness” (167). However, critics
of recent texts of alien invasion suggest that the unity aliens produce
is not so much a result of terrestrial divisions being transcended but,
in fact, being writ larger. For example, in the film Independence Day
(dir. Roland Emmerich, 1996), alien invasion seems to move Earth
toward a state of postnationalism; when the American president gives
a rousing speech to fighter pilots who are about to lead a globally
coordinated assault on the alien mothership, he urges that the petty
differences between nations be overcome. Nevertheless, in the film,
the rhetoric of postnationalism works to affirm American exceptional-
ism, both because America instructs the rest of the world in how to
repel their invaders and because a racially mixed group of Americans
model how people of different backgrounds can work together. An
alien presence provokes a subtly imperialistic national exceptionalism
because it produces a situation in which, as Adam Roberts puts it,
278                                                        Lucas Tromly


“everybody in the world, whatever their actual identity, [is] a ‘sort-of
American’” (49).
   Independence Day reveals that the “species-consciousness” provoked
by aliens can gild deeper entrenchments of nation. To argue that
abduction narratives do the same is counter-intuitive, because unlike
invasion, abduction is not an obviously collective experience. Abduc-
tion is characterized not by the making of history but by the “miss-
ing time” of which the abductee has no recollection; the states of
terror or bewilderment abductees experience linger and prevent easy
participation in mainstream society. The after-effects of being
abducted seem to efface the significance of being American even fur-
ther—whether they describe their experiences as traumatic or enlight-
ening, many abductees report a shift in their sense of rootedness in a
socio-political framework as an indirect consequence of being taken.
The implicit undoing of the national identity of the abductee is one
of the few commonalities of the two dominant interpretive paradigms
of alien abduction. The first, associated with the work of Budd Hop-
kins, emphasizes the suddenness and violence of abduction, the pow-
erlessness and violation of those taken, and the selfish or malevolent
intentions of aliens. According to this paradigm, abductees are trau-
matized to the point that nationality becomes irrelevant. Describing
the trauma of his own abduction in his bestselling book Communion,
Whitley Strieber writes, “I was reduced to raw biological response. It
was as if my forebrain had been separated from the rest of my system,
and all that remained was a primitive creature, in effect the ape out
of which we evolved long ago” (18). The second strain of abduction-
thought, associated with psychiatrist John E. Mack, emphasizes the
transcendent, mind-expanding consequences of alien contact. Many of
the abductees Mack profiles report a spiritual quality to their experi-
ence that leaves them humble and sensitive to issues of environmental
damage, and Mack suggests that the widened perspective that follows
abduction undoes the power politics of national competition: “The
more global, even cosmically, interconnected identity that is implicit
in the UFO abduction phenomenon, might, at least, offer a distrac-
tion from our interminable struggles for ownership and dominance of
the earth” (409–10).
   Although advocates of abduction agree that the experience of
being abducted troubles pre-existing political identities, a critical
reading of the discourse suggests that abduction narratives actually
Race, Citizenship, and the Politics                                  279

shore up a restrictive American identity. They do so not so much in
what happens during the event of abduction but through who is cho-
sen for it. Central to the discourse of abduction is the conviction that
there is no demographic pattern to abduction. Strieber claims that
abductees “formed a cross section of American society” (3), and Mack
concurs:

   [Abductees] seem to come, as if at random, from all parts of soci-
   ety. . .. My own sample includes students, homemakers, secretaries,
   writers, business people, computer industry professionals, musi-
   cians, psychologists, a nightclub receptionist, a prison guard, an
   acupuncturist, a social worker, and a gas station attendant. At first I
   thought that working class people dominated, but that appears to
   be an artifact related to the fact that those with less of an economic
   and social stake in the society seem less reluctant to come forward.
                                                                       (4)

Immediately after presenting this summary of data, Mack cites a num-
ber of other authorities on abduction, including Hopkins and David
M. Jacobs, who make similar observations. Mack’s claim for the uni-
versality of abduction is intended to counter the charge that abductees
are a self-selecting group and legitimize the abduction phenomenon as
one that extends past a fringe minority of New Age enthusiasts and
the emotionally disturbed. Beyond this obvious intention, Mack’s pre-
sentation of the demographics of abduction takes on two political
implications, both of which reflect American ideals of political mem-
bership. First, Mack’s avowal that that no one is more or less desirable
for, or vulnerable to, alien abduction constructs a human community
that is fundamentally egalitarian. Whatever differences may exist
among its members, a community formed by a nondiscriminatory phe-
nomenon like abduction is necessarily composed of equals. Second,
Mack constructs a population that, because of a common experience, is
diverse but without significant internal difference.
   Although most obviously characterized by conspiracy thinking,
the politics of alien abduction are essentially idealistic affirmations of
the relationship of American citizens to each other, and by extension
to the United States.4 As such, abduction provides an opportunity to
examine the distance between American ideals of inclusivity and
the lived experience of individual Americans. Assumptions about the
equality and sameness of abductees reveal the discourse of abduction
280                                                        Lucas Tromly


to be congruent with the concept of abstract citizenship, which
according to Lisa Lowe conceptualizes a nation’s citizens as being
“formally equivalent, one to the other” (2). Lowe argues that this
ideal of political membership comes at the cost of specific individua-
tion: “In being represented as citizen within the political sphere. . .
the subject is ‘split off’ from the unrepresentable histories of situated
embodiment that contradict the abstract form of citizenship” (2).
These inadmissible “particularities” include “race, national origin,
locality, and embodiment [that] remain largely invisible within the
political sphere” (2). It is useful to revisit Mack’s presentation of the
abduction community in light of Lowe’s observations, because his
catalogue of abductees is typical of the discourse in that it defines
abductees solely in terms of class and profession—in effect, Mack’s
example of the diversity of abductees is underwritten by an assump-
tion of sameness. Because he fails to mention other types of difference
on the assumption that they are irrelevant, Mack excludes these dif-
ferences and, ironically, his demonstration of the diversity of the
abductee community becomes subtly exclusionary.
   Of the lived realities that might differentiate abductees from each
other, race offers the most powerful challenge to Mack’s assumptions
about the inclusivity of alien abduction. The claim that aliens plague
all segments of American society does not withstand scrutiny because,
put bluntly, alien abduction is racially exclusive. The vast majority of
Americans who claim to have been abducted are white. In fact, the
whiteness of abductees is axiomatic to the extent that even critics
who analyze abduction culture instead of advocating for it obscure
the racial imbalance of abductees with claims that the community of
abductees accurately reflects the demographics of America.5 What
makes this racially homogenous community significant as an expres-
sion of abstract citizenship are its repeated claims to be representative
of a large and racially diverse nation. In the discourse of alien abduc-
tion, the apparent irrelevance of race amounts to an exclusion of race
as a meaningful category. This exclusion is only possible if people
who problematize claims for the sameness of abductees are excluded.
As a result, there is a scarcity of minority experience of alien abduc-
tion. In its claim of rising from the experiences of a cross-section of
America the discourse of abduction certainly allows a space for the
minority abductee, but this space is rarely occupied, and little critical
work has been done on this lacuna.
Race, Citizenship, and the Politics                                    281

   We can begin to understand the absence of the minority abductee
by turning to the generic roots of the abduction narrative. Perhaps
unwittingly, abductees revert to a long-standing American genre, the
captivity narrative, for a template for their experiences. The language
of many alien abduction narratives signals their roots in the genre of
the “Indian” captivity narrative of the seventeenth and eighteenth cen-
turies. Michael Sturma notes that the language of the frontier informs
abductees’ descriptions of themselves as “pioneers,” and of spacecraft as
“scouts” (333). Reading abduction narratives in the context of the cap-
tivity narrative also helps us contend with the fantastic or unverifiable
claims abductees make. Critics have learned to analyze captivity narra-
tives although their authors cannot corroborate their experiences, and
this practice can be productively applied to narratives of alien abduc-
tion. Most importantly, analyses of race in captivity narratives model a
critical approach to alien abduction. In the classic captivity narrative
difference within a captive’s home community is contained and neutral-
ized by stark differences between native and white communities.
Christopher Castiglia argues that in the classic captivity narrative, in
which a white woman is taken captive by a racial other,

   Capture implies freedom as its constitutive opposite; by calling white
   women’s experience of crossing cultures “captivity,” then, one defines
   return to and life in white, Anglo-America “freedom.” To be free is to
   be American (a citizen of the “Land of the Free”), and vice versa, while
   both states require the subject’s acquiescence to discourses that normal-
   ize the values of white, Anglo-American males.
                                                                        (10)

   Castiglia finds captivity narratives provocative because of the way
captives destabilize the equation of race, freedom, and citizenship
upon their return. He says less about the way these narratives strain
to accommodate figures in the position of captive who, from the out-
set, are neither “free” citizens of white America nor racially different
captors. It is useful to keep Castiglia’s structural equation of freedom
and belonging in white America in view, for doing so forces us to
examine the way the logic of the captivity narrative precludes the
presence of the minority American who cannot automatically acqui-
esce to a normalization of “the values of white, Anglo-American
males.” If freedom is defined against captivity, its “constitutive
282                                                        Lucas Tromly


opposite,” it stands to reason that being taken captive defines one as a
free American, and thus as a citizen. To follow Castiglia’s logic in
reverse, if one is not a potential captive, then one cannot have been
really free, and therefore cannot have been fully American, since to be
American is to feel free within America. Thus, if approached in terms
of the logic of genre, to be abducted by aliens is to have one’s citizen-
ship as an American confirmed.
   According to Castiglia, captivity narratives speak to a female read-
ership because of “the connections they offer between the plight of
the literal captive and less tangible forms of victimization and restric-
tion” (4). Likewise, despite its ostensible distance from earthly poli-
tics, the alien abduction narrative provides a scenario for minority
writers (who are not necessarily believers in abduction) to explore the
difficulty with which national identity makes room for racial differ-
ence. The Asian American writer Peter Ho Davies does this in “The
Hull Case,” a short story that revisits an ur-text for modern abduc-
tion narratives: the story of Barney and Betty Hill (who Davies
renames “Henry and Helen Hull”), an interracial couple who reported
being abducted in New Hampshire in 1961. Mack summarizes the
circumstances of the Hills’ abduction:

  The Hills, a stable, respectable interracial couple living in New
  Hampshire, had suffered from disturbing symptoms for more than
  two years when they reluctantly consulted Boston psychiatrist
  Benjamin Simon. . .. Both were so persistently anxious that it
  became intolerable for them to continue their lives without look-
  ing into disturbing repercussions of the September night in which
  they could not account for two hours during the return journey
  from a holiday in Montreal.
                                                               (446)

Mack also stresses that the Hills were of one mind about their
ambiguous experience:

  Despite Dr. Simon’s belief that the Hills had experienced some
  sort of shared dream or fantasy, a kind of folie a deux, they per-
  sisted in their conviction that these events really happened, and
  that they had not communicated the corroborating details to each
  other during the investigation of their symptoms.
                                                                (447)
Race, Citizenship, and the Politics                                283

   Dean notes that accounts of the Hills’ experiences tend to
de-emphasize the significance of race (165), a trend that makes
itself felt through Mack’s assurances that the Hills were “stable” and
“respectable.” Davies’s “The Hull Case” resists the occlusion of race
by foregrounding the degree to which the meaning of abduction is
determined by race. “The Hull Case” does not deal with the event of
the Hulls’ abduction but with its emotional and social consequences.
In doing so, Davies calls into visibility two tensions that the dis-
course of abduction frequently obscures: first, that the threat of
abduction is indexed to one’s relationship with America as a nation,
and second, that race can preclude the possibility of being abducted
altogether.
   “The Hull Case” opens during a meeting Henry and Helen Hull
have set up with an air force colonel in the days following their
abduction. The two take turns offering their versions of events and
provide very different accounts of the evening in question: Helen pro-
vides a vivid description of their abduction, including the extensive
gynecological procedures she underwent on the spaceship, while
Henry has no memory of being abducted, although he remembers the
rest of the evening well. The differences in their memories hinge on
race, and the contested event of abduction reflects and exacerbates the
racial tensions in their marriage. When the two began dating in a
military hospital during the Korean War, Helen assured Henry that
“The race matter doesn’t matter to me. . .. And it shouldn’t matter to
you” (94). However, Helen is unaware of the hostility they elicit as an
interracial couple or the effect it has on her husband. For example, she
does not detect racism as a cause when they are turned away from a
number of motels and seems oblivious to the fact that their marriage
has caused Henry to become estranged from his family. Davies creates
a parallel between Helen’s insistence that they have been abducted,
which Henry does not believe, and Henry’s insistence on the reality of
racism in the United States, to which Helen’s matter-of-fact liberal-
ism blinds her. Indeed, Henry expresses his alienation as a black
American in New Hampshire through the language of abduction,
wondering, “Why had he been the one singled out, plucked up by life
and set down here?” (96). When he first saw a strange blue light on
the highway, which Helen claims was made by a UFO, Henry
“thought the lights were a cop” (94), thus blurring alien abduction
with racial profiling by police. Although they do not openly
284                                                        Lucas Tromly


acknowledge that they are doing so, Henry and Helen try to force
each other into their own narratives—hers of aliens, his of alienation.
    Davies places the racial tension in the Hull’s marriage in a national
context. The colonel to whom Henry and Helen offer their accounts is
an embodiment of nation, and their status as citizens mediates their
interviews with him. Helen’s memories of abduction reflect her preoc-
cupation with reproduction and her inability to carry a pregnancy to
term. On a deeper level, she is moved to share her experience as an
abductee by the mandate of participatory citizenship. She enthusiasti-
cally informs the military about their experience, although her hus-
band urges her not to. When Henry resists her desire to disclose her
story to the authorities, she demands, “What if it’s a matter of national
security?” and says repeatedly that it is her “duty” to make her experi-
ence public (98). By volunteering her statement to the colonel, she
maps her personal experience onto national experience and thus per-
forms her citizenship through her belief that what has happened to her
is relevant to all those with whom she identifies on the basis of nation.
    Significantly, Henry does not feel any imperative to share his expe-
riences, in part because his race prevents his version of events from
being interpolated into the national context that receives Helen’s. The
colonel’s reaction to Henry’s narrative is telling: he takes notes on
Helen’s account but he does not write down what Henry says (97).
Henry’s experience is of no national consequence because he is not suf-
ficiently interchangeable with other Americans for it to be. Henry is
unable to occupy the ideological structure of the captivity narrative,
in which release from captivity means a return to freedom in white
America. He has no obvious single captor; Barbeito’s observation that
“the moment of telling itself. . . [is] a type of abduction” (213) res-
onates in “The Hull Case,” because during his interview with the
colonel Henry feels simultaneously interrogated and ignored.
    Davies breaks with Mack’s assertion that Betty and Barney Hill
were of one mind about their experience and suggests that the con-
tested memory of abduction widens the wedge between the Hulls.
Henry’s inability to enter the narrative of alien abduction puts a
strain on their marriage; at one point Helen cries and asks, “How can
you not remember?” (98). Eventually, Henry capitulates, accepts his
wife’s narrative and, after a year of therapy, retrieves memories of
being inside the spaceship. But even after capitulating to his wife’s
pressure to endorse her account of their experience, his captivity is
Race, Citizenship, and the Politics                               285

dual. The story ends with Henry experiencing two visions of abduc-
tion, one coerced (it comes to him while under hypnosis) and the
other that he has in a dream. First, Henry “remembers” being
abducted, but his memories are marked by his racial alienation:

   Under hypnosis, Henry will remember pale figures stopping their
   car. He’ll recall the ship—a blinding wall of light—and being led
   to it, as if on an invisible rope, dragged and stumbling, his hands
   somehow tied behind him. . .. It’ll all come back to him: running
   through the woods, the breeze creaking in the branches, tripping
   and staring up at the moonlit trees. “Like great white sails,” he’ll
   hear himself say.
                                                                 (107)

   For Henry, racial difference is irreducible, even in the presence of
the alien other. Images of whiteness pervade his memory, and abduc-
tion echoes the history of racial exploitation and violence in America.
The events he recalls evoke the flight of a fugitive slave (“running
through the woods”), capture by a lynch mob (“being led to it. . .
dragged and stumbling, his hands somehow tied behind him. . . the
breeze creaking in the branches”), before ending with arguably the
most devastating instance of African-American abduction: the Middle
Passage (“great white sails”).6 If Helen’s memories revolve around her
anxieties about reproduction, Henry’s echo historical trauma with
which Helen is unconcerned.
   Not only is the meaning of the captivity Henry and Helen endure
different but the text opens the possibility that Henry has been
passed over for abduction because of his race. The coerced memory of
abduction is put into contrast by a dream he has that reflects his
alienation from his wife:

   Tonight, in his dream, Henry wakes with a violent shudder. . ..
   He’s lying in bed with Helen, he tells himself. . . he feels the
   strange sensation of the mattress stiffening, the springs releasing.
   He opens his eyes and sees his wife rising above the bed, inch by
   inexorable inch, in a thin blue light.
                                                                 (107)

  Henry is apparently left behind. This has nothing to do with
Helen’s superior value as an abductee because of her gender. Instead,
286                                                          Lucas Tromly


the dream of being left behind by the aliens who take his wife con-
firms Henry’s suspicion that he and his wife do not share captors. His
separate experience of abduction reveals his insecurity in white Amer-
ica. He feels that he is already a captive in his waking life, and
because he does not experience “freedom” in white America, the logic
of captivity renders Henry immune to abduction.
    Although they both resist Helen’s racially blind version of the events
that may or may not have befallen them, Henry’s two visions of alien
abduction pull against each other, and it is useful to follow the political
trajectory of each. The memory of abduction he discloses under hypnosis
is notable because it is saturated with America’s racial history. Its most
important generic precursor is not the “Indian” captivity narrative but
the American slave narrative. Adam Roberts emphasizes slavery’s rele-
vance to alien abduction, arguing that such narratives “retell the story of
the African slave trade by relocating it to a contemporary SF context”
(106). Roberts understands abduction as a return of repressed history, in
which the “typical abductee,” a “white, moderately affluent thirty-
something American,” is forced to endure the experience of black slaves
whose suffering was “intimately complicit with the history and indeed
the success of America” (106). In “The Hull Case,” abduction is a remin-
der of the historical origins of contemporary inequality suffered by
Henry and other black characters in the text.7
    In the context of this essay, Hank’s dream of being excluded from
abduction is even more provocative than his memory of being taken.
In depicting Hank’s experience of being passed over by the aliens
who take his wife, Davies demonstrates the extent to which alien
abduction is underwritten by one’s legal status in and affective identi-
fication with America. That Davies, an Asian American writer,
chooses to explore minority abduction through a black abductee is
notable and must be contextualized by the fact that there is no equiv-
alent Asian American story of abduction. Although it is impossible
to make a responsible claim for an absolute absence, it is not an exag-
geration to say that in contemporary abduction narratives, aliens do
not seem interested in abducting Asian Americans. This absence is
not co-incidental and can be illuminated by Lowe’s argument that
the “historical exclusion along racial and citizenship lines has explic-
itly distanced Asians, even as enfranchised Asian Americans, from the
terrain of national culture” (30).8 For Asian Americans, the apparent
blessing of being free from the threat of alien abduction amounts to
Race, Citizenship, and the Politics                                 287

an exclusion from a community that is human enough—and, by
implication, American enough—to warrant abduction.
   The significance of the Asian American abductee’s absence is shaped,
in part, by how abduction in general is understood. Accepting accounts
of abduction as true accounts of events that have taken place would
require hypothesizing about why aliens might be more interested in
some ethnicities than others. To understand accounts of abduction as
imagined stories that emerge from anxiety, hysteria, or trauma might
suggest that these narratives are not a useful avenue for the expression
of the concerns of Asian Americans. However, the suggestion that
Asian Americans are free from anxieties that plague other Americans
risks a return to the stereotype of the dispassionate model minority and
reifies their alienation. Of course, linguistic barriers may be a reason
that a certain segment of the Asian American community cannot par-
ticipate in the textual spread of the abduction phenomenon. (Many
abductees recall repressed memories of abduction after reading texts by
Hopkins or Strieber.) However, a more compelling reason for their
exclusion is that Asian Americans, or the associations they typically
bear in popular discourse, disrupt the logic of the abduction narrative.
   There are two reasons an Asian American presence is untenable in the
discourse of alien abduction, one that hinges on characteristics attribu-
ted to Asian Americans and another that emerges from suspicions about
the coherence of the very idea of an Asian American. First, the radical
difference in appearance, culture, and language frequently ascribed to
Asian Americans puts the figure of the Asian American abductee in an
intermediate position between alien captor and human captive. In other
words, Asian American identity seems to blur the species difference cen-
tral to the abduction narrative. Neil Badmington argues that in
accounts of abduction in which humans and aliens breed,

   the human subject finds itself reassured, marked out as authentic
   and absolutely different from the inhuman. . .. An individual who
   has been chosen to participate in the hybrid project cannot already
   by a hybrid being; he or she must, on the contrary, be a fine speci-
   men of the purely human.
                                                                   (81)

   Because of projected differences from the rest of the American popu-
lace, Asian Americans have not always met this prerequisite of “pure
288                                                          Lucas Tromly


humanity.” Tellingly, Asianness is sometimes used to mark the other-
ness of extraterrestrial aliens—Strieber, for example, describes the
otherworldly features of an alien with whom he comes in contact
through a comparison with “Asian” features: “its eyes are slanted, more
than an Oriental’s eyes” (60).9 However, rather than focusing on the
possible racial connotations of physical descriptions of aliens, it is more
productive to examine the similarities between descriptions of alien
characteristics and long-standing Asian-American stereotypes.
Whether they are conceptualized as a threat to humanity or an
advanced and enlightened race, aliens that abduct are almost always
described as being deliberate, dispassionate, and, needless to say, tech-
nologically adept. As such, they overlap with two prevalent Asian
American stereotypes: the Asian American as the “Yellow Peril,” who
overwhelms America because of an implacable determination to exhaust
its resources, and the Asian American as America’s “model minority,” a
politically neutral community that excels through technological sophis-
tication, emotionless drive, and the capacity to be “inhumanly produc-
tive” (Eng and Han 345).10 Both stereotypes cast Asian Americans as
having qualities that make them uncannily similar to aliens, and this
representational overlap makes them inadmissible to the abduction nar-
rative.11 Ironically, in the national fantasy of abduction, those most
associated with the qualities of aliens are left behind in America.
    Just as an alien presence is made significant by a backdrop of
unequivocal humanity, the dislocation of abduction must be preceded
by unequivocal location. As Badmington puts it, the “entire logic of
abduction. . . affirms the predetermined and proper space from which
the human being is taken. You have to be abducted from somewhere,
after all” (82). Although he is referring to the conceptual “space” of
humanism, Badmington’s comment serves for national space as well.
The power of abduction is generated, in part, by removal from famil-
iar ground into the unfamiliar space of an alien ship. The power of
this dislocation is compromised if an abductee was not entirely at
home in the place he or she occupied before abduction. Historically,
the requisite embeddedness in nation has been denied to Asian Amer-
icans, a community whose members were, as Arif Dirlik puts it, con-
sidered “permanent foreigners, culturally and even genetically
incapable of becoming ‘real’ Americans” for much of the late nine-
teenth and twentieth centuries (32). Although the reasons for these
suspicions are socially and politically overdetermined, suffice it to say
Race, Citizenship, and the Politics                                289

that traditionally, Asian Americans have been understood as a dias-
poric population and considered in terms of mobility rather than
belonging. These long-standing assumptions, generated by earthly
politics, make themselves felt in science fiction culture. For example,
an understanding of Asian Americans as perpetual outsiders informs
Sohn’s observation that Asians and Asian Americans “conspicuously
appear when interplanetary travel and galactic exploration take center
stage” (“Alien/Asian” 6).12 Conversely, assumptions about Asian
American outsiderness help explain their absence from abduction nar-
ratives. For a diasporic population never considered as having devel-
oped national roots, being plucked up from the United States is an
insufficiently dislocating remove to warrant recognition.
   Despite its increasing visibility in American culture, the culture of
abduction is still tagged as a marginal one. In the film Independence
Day, an army major mocks an alcoholic Vietnam veteran’s claims to
have been abducted by aliens—even as they are defending themselves
from alien invaders! Nevertheless, the purchase of abduction narra-
tives on US culture signals its agreeability to mainstream American
thought, and tracking the infrequent but important minority pres-
ence in abduction narratives provides a way to examine the ideologi-
cal work these narratives perform. The tendency of abduction
discourse to pay lip service to America’s diversity is conspicuous in a
scene of postabduction return in Steven Spielberg’s hit film Close
Encounters of the Third Kind (1977). In the film’s final scene, a huge
alien ship lands in Wyoming and frees a large group of abductees.
Among the dazed people who wander out of the ship is an apron-clad
man who appears to be Asian. The film minimizes this instance of
racial diversity: although this man, who is presumably Asian Ameri-
can, has suffered the same experiences as his fellow abductees, the
audience is discouraged from thinking about him as an individual.
His appearance on screen is brief, and the audience’s attention is
directed toward the freed air force pilots who are greeted by name by
military personnel and invited for debriefing. The difference the
Asian-American man represents is neutralized by his status as an
unimportant part of a collective. The aliens choose Roy Neary, a
working-class father from Indiana played by Richard Dreyfuss, to
replace the crowd that leaves the spaceship. In the textual economy of
the scene, Roy represents all those whose place he has taken and
becomes consecrated as a representative American. As he walks onto
290                                                                              Lucas Tromly


the raised and lit ramp of the alien ship and takes a position of cen-
trality Roy becomes increasingly visible to those gathered around. In
this shot, Close Encounters of the Third Kind draws upon the culture of
abduction to stage American identity. Needless to say, the unnamed
Asian American abductee—who has long since vanished from the
screen—could not serve this representative function.

Notes
1. Although he insists that alien abduction is an international phenomenon, John E. Mack
   admits that abductees tend to be American (445). Bridget Brown accounts for the spread of
   abduction narratives beyond the United States by classifying them as an American cultural
   export (11). The conventions of the abduction narrative, which include the beam of blue
   light that lifts the hapless abductee into a scout ship, invasive surgical or gynecological
   procedures, sometimes in service of cross-breeding programs, and abductees who recover
   troubling memories of their experiences long after they have been returned home, have sat-
   urated American popular culture to the extent that in 2007 Pixar Studios released a short
   animated film called Lifted, in which a young alien bungles an attempt to abduct sleeping
   humans. The film’s humor relies on the presumption that even audiences composed primar-
   ily of children would be familiar with the conventions of the abduction narrative.
2. For a discussion of abduction and postmodern cyber-politics see Dean; for gender see
   Showalter 195–96; for globalization see Brown 172–73; for philosophic humanism see Bad-
   mington; for trauma see Barbeito.
3. Luise White observes that “Alien abductions homogenize differences, except for one. . . .
   Descriptions of aliens are descriptions of a separate race” (27). For a discussion of how the
   alien production of human collectivity manifests itself cinematically see Badmington 17.
4. Superficially, the abduction community’s suspicions that the US government colludes with
   aliens, or denies its awareness of them, might suggest a measure of alienation from a national
   identity. However, the sense of having been lied to by one’s government is a form of negative
   interpellation, and indicates an intimate if unpleasant relationship. In fact, the need to expose
   a governmental cover-up is grounded in a citizen’s sense of duty to fellow citizens.
5. Jodi Dean describes the abduction community as “a reasonable replication of the United
   States (tilted toward the white middle class)” (18), although she admits she does not have
   hard demographic evidence and elsewhere emphasizes the whiteness of the abduction com-
   munity (204-07). Bridget Brown describes the abductee community in New York as “fairly
   diverse in terms of gender, race, and ethnic background” (12). However, although her field-
   work was done in a racially diverse urban environment, she reports that her minority con-
   tacts consisted of one African American and one Latino (12).
6. Davies draws attention to the racial politics of this passage in a 2004 interview.
7. For a discussion of a black tradition of UFO culture that is not grounded in the history of
   slavery, see Leib. See also Sohn’s discussion of the resonance between abduction and the
   Japanese American internment experience during World War II suggested in Claire Light’s
   short story “Abducted by Aliens!” (Racial Asymmetries 175–92).
8. To date, the only reports of this mode of minority abduction I have located come from
   Asian Canadians. See Rutkowski 126, 161–79.
9. For a discussion of alien bodies in abduction narratives see Barbeito 206.
Race, Citizenship, and the Politics                                                        291

10. For a discussion of science fiction narratives that draw on the tradition of the Yellow Peril,
    see James 28–32. For an analysis of the stereotypes of the Yellow Peril and model minority
    in the rebooted version of the television series Battlestar Galactica see Pegues 191–92. For
    discussions of science fiction by Asian American authors, see Huang 95–102 and Shiu.
11. For further discussion of representations in which Asians and Asian Americans bear nonhu-
    man characteristics, see Sohn’s discussion of techno-Orientalism (“Alien/Asian” 8).
12. In their respective discussions of a scene in the film Men in Black (1997) in which an alien
    attempts to cross America’s southwest border by hiding inside an exoskeleton designed to
    look like a Mexican migrant worker, Jodi Dean and Katarzyna Marciniak identify the
    extraterrestrial as a figure for the insufficiently American in America (Dean 155, Marciniak
    3–10). If deliberately misread, “Jose Chung’s From Outer Space,” the title of an episode of
    The X-Files that plays with the conventions of the abduction narrative, gestures to a similar
    equation of ethnic and extraterrestrial identities.


Works Cited

Badmington, Neil. Alien Chic: Posthumanism and the Other Within.
    Routledge, 2004.
Barbeito, Patricia Felisa. “‘He’s Making Me Feel Things in My Body
    That I Don’t Feel’: The Body as Battleground in Accounts of
    Alien Abduction.” Journal of American Culture, vol. 28, no. 2,
    2005, pp. 201–15.
Brown, Bridget. They Know Us Better Than we Know Ourselves: The His-
    tory and Politics of Alien Abduction. New York UP, 2007.
Castiglia, Christopher. Bound and Determined: Captivity, Culture-Cross-
    ing, and White Womanhood from Mary Rowlandson to Patty Hearst.
    U of Chicago P, 2006.
Close Encounters of the Third Kind. Directed by Steven Spielberg.
    Columbia Pictures, 1977.
Davies, Peter Ho. “The Hull Case.” Charlie Chan is Dead 2: An
    Anthology of Asian American Fiction, edited by Jessica Hagedorn,
    Penguin, 2004, pp. 93–107.
——. Interview. 2004. Fugue, 11 Jan. 2008, www.uidaho.edu/fugue/
    PeterHoDavies.htm.
Dean, Jodi. Aliens in America: Conspiracy Cultures from Outerspace to
    Cyberspace. Cornell UP, 1998.
Dimock, Wai Chee. “Introduction: Planet and America, Set and Sub-
    set.” Shades of the Planet: American Literature as World Literature,
    edited by Wai Chee Dimock, Lawrence Buell, Princeton UP,
    2007, 1–15.
Dirlik, Arif. “Asians on the Rim: Transnational Capital and Local
    Community in the Making of Contemporary Asian America.”
    Across the Pacific: Asian Americans and Globalization, edited by
    Evelyn Hu-DeHart, Temple UP, 1999, pp. 29–60.
292                                                         Lucas Tromly


Eng, David L., and Shinee Han. “A Dialogue on Racial Melancholia.”
     Loss: The Politics of Mourning, edited by David L. Eng and David
     Kazanjian, U of California P, 2003, pp. 343–71.
Hopkins, Budd. Missing Time. Ballantine, 1988.
Huang, Betsy. Contesting Genres in Contemporary Asian American Fic-
     tion. Palgrave Macmillan, 2010.
Independence Day. Directed by Rol Emmerich. 20th Century Fox,
     1996.
James, Edward. “Yellow, Black, Metal and Tentacled: The Race
     Question in American Science Fiction.” Science Fiction, Social Con-
     flict, and War, edited by Philip John Davies, Manchester UP,
     1990, pp. 26–49.
Lifted. Directed by Gary Rydstrom. Buena Vista Pictures, 2007.
Lowe, Lisa. Immigrant Acts: On Asian American Cultural Politics. Duke
     UP, 1996.
Mack, John E. Abduction: Human Encounters with Aliens. Revised ed.,
     Ballantine, 1994.
Marciniak, Katarzyna. Alienhood: Citizenship, Exile, and the Logic of
     Difference. U of Minnesota P, 2006.
Pegues, Juliana Hu. “Miss Cylon: Empire and Adoption in Battlestar
     Galactica.” MELUS, vol. 33, no. 4, 2008, pp. 189–210.
Roberts, Adam. Science Fiction. 2nd ed., Routledge, 2006.
Rutkowski, Chris A. Abductions & Aliens: What’s Really Going On?
     Dundurn, 1999.
Shiu, Anthony Sze-Fai. “The Ethics of Race, Failure, and Asian
     American (Ethno)Futures.” Extrapolation: A Journal of Science Fic-
     tion and Fantasy, vol. 55, no. 3, 2014, pp. 299–321.
Showalter, Elaine. Hystories: Hysterical Epidemics and Modern Culture.
     Columbia UP, 1997.
Sohn, Stephen Hong. “Alien/Asian: Imagining the Racialized
     Future.” MELUS, vol. 33, no. 4, 2008, pp. 5–22.
——. Racial Asymmetries: Asian American Fictional Worlds. New York
     UP, 2014.
Strieber, Whitley. Communion: A True Story. Avon, 1987.
Sturma, Michael. “Aliens and Indians: A Comparison of Abduction
     and Captivity Narratives.” Journal of Popular Culture, vol. 36, no.
     2, 2002, pp. 318–34.
White, Luise. “Alien Nation—The Hidden Obsession of UFO Litera-
     ture: Race in Space.” Transitions, vol. 63, 1994, pp. 24–33.

Lucas Tromly is an associate professor in the Department of English, Film,
and Theatre at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Canada, where he
teaches American literature, modernism, and travel writing.
