{"created_utc": "2026-09-15T08:23:13Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 378872, "source_ctime_ns": 1788588061912041166, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2017-01-02_Folklore---Vol-128-No-1---Mark-Norman.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788588061900127680, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2017-01-02_Folklore---Vol-128-No-1---Mark-Norman.pdf", "source_sha256": "ef8512b47ee3882824e72c45d481895dd544237a7bc233ae3c35b82653e46bbd"}

Folklore


                       ISSN: 0015-587X (Print) 1469-8315 (Online) Journal homepage: http://www.tandfonline.com/loi/rfol20


                How UFOs Conquered the World: The History of a
                Modern Myth

                Mark Norman

                To cite this article: Mark Norman (2017) How UFOs Conquered the World: The History of a
                Modern Myth, Folklore, 128:1, 106-107, DOI: 10.1080/0015587X.2016.1220588

                To link to this article: http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/0015587X.2016.1220588


                        Published online: 16 Mar 2017.


                        Submit your article to this journal


                        Article views: 17


                        View related articles


                        View Crossmark data


                                       Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at
                               http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=rfol20

Download by: [The UC San Diego Library]                                                                     Date: 27 May 2017, At: 08:17
106                                                                                    Book Reviews

not all fairy tales contain the thirty-one functions that Propp proposed. His project, then, is to
‘reconcile the work of Syd Field with that of Vladimir Propp in order to create a better method of
analyzing a typical Hollywood screenplay’ (27). In his move away from the ‘amazing uniformity’
of Propp’s theory (13), Murphy opens up the potential for an acknowledgement of the differences,
as well as the similarities, in fairy-tale plot structures.
   Murphy’s analyses of both the fairy-tale genotypes and the corresponding Hollywood film
genotypes are generally well explained, with tables at the culmination of each chapter outlining
the progression of functions within the narratives. He offers excellent summaries of the texts—
particularly the films in question, so that analysis without having seen the films is still possible—
and he demonstrates with ease his argument against the uniformity of plot structures. However,
if his motive was to enable easy comparison between the fairy-tale plots and their corresponding
film screenplays, his decision to place each analysis in a separate chapter, rather than analyse
them directly alongside one another, does not serve this purpose. The complexity of the
analysis—although a strength in and of itself—means it would have been preferable at least to
have organized the summarizing tables to run parallel with each other so that direct comparison
could be more easily made.
   From Fairy Tale to Film Screenplay, it might also be noted, works from the premise that condensing
all plots into one basic structure is not beneficial to screenwriters, suggesting instead that even
within a paradigm there is an element of ‘choice’ that creates difference (between a comedy
and a tragedy, for example). However, despite this claim, Murphy does not make reference to
the heterogeneity of the fairy tales in question. Nor does he always acknowledge the particular
version of the tale he is analysing, mention its source, or refer to the other versions of the
tale which may or may not have the same structure. The implication of this oversight is that
Murphy misses the opportunity to see variance and irregularity within the versions of the tales
themselves. While Perrault’s ‘Little Red Riding Hood’ ends in tragedy, what can be said of the
Grimms’ ‘Little Red Cap’, in which the girl and her grandmother are saved? What impact would
these plot differences have on the overall genotype? Murphy leaves these questions unanswered.
   Although Murphy’s analysis is interesting and thorough, offering a deeper understanding of
the journey through a successful narrative, the comparative aspect with fairy tales is somewhat
lacking. His simple and easy-to-follow prose makes it a suitable text for the novice screenwriter
hoping to aid their writing with plot genotypes, but From Fairy Tale to Film Screenplay falls short
from a folklorist’s perspective and does not draw clear and effective conclusions from its
comparative efforts.

Amy Crockett, Kingston University, London, UK
© 2017 Amy Crockett


How UFOs Conquered the World: The History of a Modern Myth. By David Clarke. London:
Aurum Press, 2015. 312 pp. Illus. £18.99 (hbk). ISBN 1-78131-303-9

There are probably two subjects within the fields of Fortean investigation, or the study of
unexplained phenomena (depending on how you want to approach it), which produce more
printed matter and more discussion than any others. One of these subjects is ghosts and haunting
events; the other is Unexplained Flying Objects (UFOs). Of these two, the latter generates far
more controversy.
   When it comes to UFOs, people fall into two distinct camps. Either you believe the extra-
terrestrial hypothesis, and UFOs are alien craft from beyond our planet, or you dismiss this
approach, and UFOs are exactly what the term was coined to describe them: objects, which are
flying—and unexplained. The people who fall into these two camps rarely move between them.
They have usually either always been believers, or always been sceptical of the alien approach.
Book Reviews107

That David Clarke breaks this convention is one of the key reasons why this book is such a
different—and highly pleasing—analysis of the UFO phenomenon.
   Growing up in the 1970s, Clarke fell into the believers group. He went on ‘skywatching’
trips. He joined the appropriate groups and societies. As time went on, his views changed.
Clarke realized that, in his opinion, the extra-terrestrial hypothesis was probably not the
correct one. The more than thirty years of research that followed make up the backbone of
this study. But this book review appears in the pages of Folklore. As an analysis of an area of
study traditionally sitting alongside cryptozoology, unexplained weather phenomena, and
the like, is How UFOs Conquered the World looking at events in ways which would be of interest
to the purer folklore researcher? The answer is resoundingly in the affirmative. David Clarke
is a well-respected folklorist, and his approach to the field looks critically at the process of
myth-making, considering witness testimony and social context in depth in order to draw
its conclusions.
   Clarke’s track record of work and research makes him ideally suited to produce an
investigation of this calibre. Previously employed as a journalist (and now teaching
journalism and media law at Sheffield Hallam University), Clarke draws on this experience
when he interviews the many and varied witnesses, investigators, academics, and believers
whose views and thoughts he uses to back up his findings. Since 2008, he has also acted in the
capacity of spokesperson for the National Archives during the period of declassification and
release of governmental UFO files. At no time, however, does Clarke allow any kind of bias to
cloud his presentation of the facts as he finds them. His analysis at all times is lucid, free from
jargon, and well constructed.
   Throughout the book, Clarke freely employs the principle of Occam’s razor to demonstrate
his reasoning: this philosophical principle suggests that the simplest answer is usually the most
likely; or the more assumptions that have to be made in a theory, the less likely it is to be the
correct one. Applying this approach, Clarke skilfully deconstructs the subject matter, concluding
that the phenomenon of the UFO as an alien craft is essentially a form of folk myth coming out
of the Western world and being constructed by people drawing on the culture surrounding
them and their own wants and needs. At no time, however, does Clarke fall into the trap that
many writers suffer from of insulting the opinions of those with whom he disagrees. The book is
respectful of everyone whom it cites, however outlandish their views may seem to others. This in
itself adds more credence to the arguments it presents.
   Another strength of Clarke’s approach is that it sets out from a starting point of having no
assumptions. It is by listening to witnesses, analysing evidence and archives, and making
comparisons that it begins to form its argument and draw its conclusions. The ten chapters
that the book contains each examine a different aspect of British UFO history, and yet the book
flows naturally from beginning to end as a complete study. Because prior assumptions are not
made, Clarke makes a very ‘clean’ study of people’s individual experiences and uses the proper
folklorist’s approach of examining why the witnesses concluded that they experienced what they
did and what meaning may be imbued in their experience. In other words, it is the people who
are more important than the experiences themselves.
   How UFOs Conquered the World is a fascinating distillation of the many years of diligent research
that David Clarke has put into his field of study, as well as being an excellent example of what a
first-rate investigation and presentation of findings should be. Many other researchers would
do well to study this book and the techniques of its author, whatever their own chosen area of
research.

Mark Norman, The Folklore Society, UK
© 2017 Mark Norman
