{"created_utc": "2026-09-07T04:13:18Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 135649, "source_ctime_ns": 1788589942425430683, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2019-01-30_Nova-Religio---Vol-22-No-3---Kelly-Hayes.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788589942418762353, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2019-01-30_Nova-Religio---Vol-22-No-3---Kelly-Hayes.pdf", "source_sha256": "5a8de121cb53913baa17049bd4f9e4512d77304cb2166cb41bd6d91cdfe08be1"}

Reviews

UFOs, Conspiracy Theories and the New Age. By David G. Robertson.
Bloomsbury Academic, 2016. 246 pages. $102.60 cloth; $35.96 paper;
ebook available.

    David G. Robertson’s book offers a welcome new perspective on
the significance of the UFO in the Anglophone world and the dif-
ferent meanings that these symbolically resonant objects have
assumed in the post-Cold War period. Using the methodology of
discourse analysis, he examines the UFO as a “discursive object” that
takes on specific meanings in both New Age (or, as he prefers, pop-
ular millennialist) and conspiracy theory milieus. Robertson argues
that as individuals involved with popular millennialism became inter-
ested in UFOs and, following that interest, encountered conspiracist
material, a new kind of genre, which he calls “millennial con-
spiracism,” began to emerge. Simultaneously a genealogy of UFO
narratives, a history of how the New Age optimism of the 1960s gave
way to a darker form of millennialism, and an examination of three
prominent proponents of millennial conspiracism, the book is an
instructive example of the social constructionist approach within reli-
gious studies.
    Robertson finds that because it represents the shifting frontier
between scientific knowledge and more subjective ways of knowing,
the UFO is a key element in the discourse of millennial conspiracism,
which combines the conspiracist focus on the malevolent influence of
hidden agencies (such as the Illuminati, New World Order, or reptilian
extraterrestrials) with more positive themes of personal and planetary
transformation drawn from popular millennial narratives. The second
half of Robertson’s book traces the development of this evolving form
of discourse over time, as evidenced in the works of Whitley Strieber,
David Icke and David Wilcock, three popular authors whose claims
draw on epistemologies stigmatized by established religious and scien-
tific authorities.
    Robertson’s use of discourse analysis and his focus on the epistemo-
logical foundations and “epistemic capital” associated with different
kinds of discourse distinguishes his book from others in the burgeoning
literature on extraterrestrial contact, alien abduction (or contactee)
narratives, ufoism, and UFO religions. It is aimed particularly at scholars
in the field of religious studies, Robertson’s own discipline, and models
an alternative approach applicable in many other contexts. Focusing
our analyses on discourse and epistemology, Robertson argues, rather
than problematic analytical categories like “belief” (which has been
subjected to thorough critique in recent decades) would enable scholars
to “more easily consider the functional similarities between ‘religious’
discourses and those of ‘nationalism,’ ‘political ideology,’ and so forth”
(211). From this perspective, conspiracy theories, UFO narratives, and


                                                                       141
Nova Religio

popular millennial literature spring from the same source and serve the
same social functions as those narratives deemed “religious.” The dif-
ference is that they lack the latter’s authoritative status or, as Robertson
puts it, epistemic capital.
    In the hands of a less competent writer, all this talk of “epistemic
capital,” “counter-epistemic strategies,” “discursive objects,” and
“millennial conspiracism” easily could devolve into jargony mumbo
jumbo or theoretical blather. Robertson, however, handles it with grace
and an economy of style that facilitates understanding. He brings in just
enough discussion of his terms and their theoretical foundations, such
as Bourdieu’s concept of habitus or Foucault’s understanding of power,
to be edifying without overwhelming, and his explanations are clear and
succinct. Moreover, he rarely loses sight of his own objectives, continu-
ally reminding the reader of how these theoretical concepts illuminate
his own material. The book’s first three chapters focus on methodolog-
ical and theoretical issues while later chapters offer more description
and ethnographical observations.
    After laying out the organizing themes of the book in chapter 1,
Robertson explains the method of discourse analysis and defines
his key concepts in chapter 2. This chapter, which is the methodolog-
ical heart of the book and the place where Robertson articulates
his contribution to religious studies most explicitly, ends with a brief
overview of the five epistemic strategies or knowledge systems currently
used in contemporary Anglophone culture: tradition, science, experi-
ential, synthetic, and channeling. As Robertson explains, these episte-
mic strategies sanction particular ways of knowing and produce
different types of knowledge and each has a different degree of author-
ity within a given context. Although it draws on all five, millennial
conspiracism tends to privilege the last three strategies, which, because
of their high degree of subjectivity, Robertson classifies as counter-
epistemic.
    Chapter 3 examines the shifting significance of UFOs in different
discourses, charting transformations in how UFOs were conceptualized
in relationship to military, political and historical contexts including the
post-World War II era; the Cold War and the growing paranoia of
McCarthyism; the space race of the 1950s; and the social transformations
of the late 1960s. He examines the shift from a physicalist understanding
of UFOs as actual military weapons or spacecraft to more spiritualist
interpretations of UFOs grounded in Theosophy and its offshoots, con-
cluding that by the mid-1980s, UFOs tended to be seen through either
a conspiracist discourse of government secrecy or a popular millennial
discourse of benevolent spiritual transformation.
    Chapters 4, 5 and 6 turn to Strieber, Icke and Wilcock, each of whom
has built their reputations by exploiting the margins between scientific
and more subjective ways of knowing. Here Robertson’s close attention


142
                                                                      Reviews

to these men’s lives and careers gives these three chapters a different
feel from the first half of the book and the book’s larger thesis tends to
get lost in a welter of biographical and ethnographic information.
However, a brief final chapter enables Robertson to draw the threads
of his argument back together. What unites Strieber, Icke and
Wilcock—and millennial conspiracist discourse more generally—he
concludes, is an appeal to alternative sources of knowledge gained
through direct contact with some supernatural being or force. Thus,
what distinguishes millennial conspiracist epistemology is “a broadened
conception of what counts as knowledge” (205, italics in original). The UFO is
the “perfect symbol” of this counter-epistemic epistemology, since it
“seems to offer proof that the hegemonic epistemic strategies of science
and tradition are insufficient in themselves to explain the discursive
object” (205).
    The struggle to wrest epistemic capital from institutional authori-
ties, whether religious or scientific, or to mobilize counter-epistemic
strategies is one that unites various fringe movements and Robertson’s
model of discourse analysis offers religious studies scholars a produc-
tive way to account for these movements while sidestepping the defi-
nitional debates, unreflective use of emic categories, and boundary
policing that currently hampers the field. Furthermore, as Robertson
notes, discourse analysis exemplifies the “methodological agnosticism”
critical for the comparativist project of religious studies, which
demands that scholars treat all claims about supernatural agents
as equally suspect, whether those claims belong to an established
authority like the Catholic Church or to the millennial conspiracists
(“nutters” as some jokingly refer to themselves) who flock to Strieber’s
Dreamland festival or Icke’s arena-size seminars. With its concise prose
and engaging style, Robertson’s book offers not only a compelling
analysis of contemporary millennialism, but an equally compelling
model of critical rigor.

Kelly E. Hayes, Indiana University–Indianapolis


Reincarnation in America: An Esoteric History. By Lee Irwin. Lexington
Books, 2017. 474 pages. $130.00 cloth; ebook available.

    At the beginning of this large, engrossing, and informative book,
Lee Irwin claims he is not concerned with proving or disproving the
various reincarnation theories he describes, but with investigating their
effect on the communities and individuals who believe in them: “Thus,
this is not a book about religious systems of belief in the afterlife as
much as an exploration of how such beliefs have contributed to spiri-
tual development in the persons and communities that embrace


                                                                          143
