{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T17:46:19Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 98626, "source_ctime_ns": 1790406902611554173, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2021-00-00_Journal-for-the-Study-of-Religious-Experience---Vol-7-No-1---Jack-Hunter.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790406902607020227, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/2021-00-00_Journal-for-the-Study-of-Religious-Experience---Vol-7-No-1---Jack-Hunter.pdf", "source_sha256": "14f644304be76475b726c5deb81ed87b236d769087c0dfd4bb6da26ebe03736a"}

Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                                            Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)


                                                             Deep Weird:
                          High Strangeness, Boggle Thresholds and Damned Data
                               in Academic Research on Extraordinary Experience


                                                             Jack Hunter


                                 Sophia Centre for the Study of Cosmology in Culture,
                                  Alister Hardy Religious Experience Research Centre
                                               University of Wales Trinity Saint David
                                                       (jack.hunter@uwtsd.ac.uk)


                                                             Introduction


This paper is about the stranger reaches of extraordinary experience research, and
examines why some of the most unusual experiential reports come to be neglected in the
scholarly discourse, even within what is already a relatively fringe field of inquiry. Some of
the reasons are methodological in nature, while others are rooted in deeper cultural and
personal attitudes to anomalous data. The academic aversion to the most unusual forms
of extraordinary experience has resulted in a gulf between the kinds of experiences
discussed in the scholarly literature - which often fall into distinctive types and categories
(OBE, NDE, voice hearing, encounters with light, spirit possession, religious experience,
and so on) - and the writings of popular paranormal researchers, who have more
frequently been able to discuss a broader range of experiential accounts (from UFO
encounters to Bigfoot and fairy sightings, and everything in between). Notwithstanding
this divide, however, there are significant themes that run through the established
academic literature on religious and extraordinary experience and the canon of popular
popular paranormal research, some of which are explored in the following paper. These
similarities suggest that even the most unusual experiences, which are often ignored by
academics, contain elements that connect them to other forms of extraordinary
experience that are more broadly accepted. This paper concludes by suggesting that a
sense of ‘high strangeness’ might well be a core underlying feature of extraordinary
experience more generally, and that instead of being neglected the ‘deep weird’ should
be granted greater and renewed scholarly attention.


© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience               5                             ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                                 Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)

                                                       High Strangeness


In the annals of research on extraordinary experience there are certain cases that are so
strange that they stand out from the crowd. These are stories of experiences that are far
weirder than, for example, the slightly above chance evidence for psi revealed in
parapsychological experiments, or the average ghost encounter or UFO sighting. These
experiences are utterly bizarre, and cannot be neatly classified or understood - they are
experiences that fall between the established categories of researchers and academics.
UFO experiencer and researcher Mike Clelland, for example, describes how real-life
paranormal experiences are often enmeshed in a “tangled knot of implausibility” in which
“synchronicity spills over the edges like an unattended sink” (Clelland, 2020, p. 44). In
Clelland’s case, his own UFO experiences were synchronistically intertwined with
numerous uncanny encounters with owls. Seemingly distinct paranormal events and
experiences often merge and overlap in the real world. Indeed, so common is this kind of
paranormal cross-pollination in the life-worlds of many experiencers, that Clelland
considers it “a sign to trust the event as legitimate. The more complicated the interwoven
details, the more valid it seems” (Clelland, 2020, p. 44). In the popular UFO and
paranormal literature this element of paranormal experience is referred to as the ‘High
Strangeness’ factor. The term was coined by the pioneering UFO researcher and
astronomer Dr. J. Allen Hynek (1910-1986) in the context of his ‘Strangeness Rating' for
UFO encounters. He explains:


            A light seen in the night sky the trajectory of which cannot be ascribed to a
            balloon, aircraft, etc., would […] have a low Strangeness Rating because there is
            only one strange thing about the report to explain: its motion. A report of a weird
            craft that descended within 100 feet of a car on a lonely road, caused the car’s
            engine to die, its radio to stop, and its lights to go out, left marks on the nearby
            ground, and appeared to be under intelligent control receives a high Strangeness
            Rating because it contains a number of separate very strange items, each of which
            outrages common sense […] (Hynek, 1979, p. 42).


In other words, the strangeness rating is a measure of “the number of information bits the
report contains, each of which is diﬃcult to explain in common sense terms” (ibid.).
Computer scientist and UFOlogist Dr. Jacques Vallee later expanded Hynek's rating,
elaborating seven distinct levels of strangeness - ranging from the lowest level of a simple
sighting of a light in the night sky all the way up to abduction experiences and the psychic
side of the the UFO phenomenon, accounts of which contain the highest number of

© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience          6                       ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                                 Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)

anomalous information bits (Vallee, 1977, pp. 114-119). Through his work, Vallee has
demonstrated that the UFO experience is far stranger than the standard ‘nuts-and-bolts’
and extraterrestrial hypothesis (ETH) perspectives would often like to admit, and suggests
that UFO experiences have a great deal in common with other forms of extraordinary
experience reported throughout history (cf. Graham, 2017). More recent writings from the
popular paranormal field have also begun to highlight the high strangeness that
permeates other areas of the paranormal, such as in the case of Bigfoot encounters, and
other cryptozoological interactions, which often cannot be adequately distinguished from
accounts of poltergeist, fairy and UFO experiences (Cutchin & Renner, 2020). A Bigfoot
sighting is not always just a Bigfoot sighting, and is often much more - including
telepathic communications, dream visitations and other psychic experiences. In a 1991
survey of the work of the independent psychical researcher D. Scott Rogo (1950-1990),
George P. Hansen commended Rogo’s willingness to tackle even those elements of the
paranormal ‘that most consider “subversive”’ (Hansen, 1991, p. 33). Hansen goes on to
list many of the complex overlaps that characterise high strangeness experiences, the
most ‘subversive’ aspects of the already marginalised paranormal:


            …demonic experiences, bigfoot sightings, poltergeist action, and phenomena
            suggesting survival of bodily death have all been reported in conjunction with
            UFOs. Strange animal mutilations have been reported in poltergeist cases as well
            as with ufo sightings. Striking ESP experiences […] have been reported by ufo
            contactees. Some of the contactees claim bedroom visitations by angels, extra-
            terrestrial aliens, and mythical creatures. Similar experiences have been reported
            for thousands of years. These are unsettling claims not only because of their innate
            strangeness, but also because they fall between the discrete categories most
            people assume to be valid, and thus most researchers (even those in
            parapsychology) prefer to ignore them (Hansen, 1991, p. 33).


Because the more outlandish elements of paranormal experience are often ignored or
dismissed, even by parapsychologists, Hansen suggests that the responsibility to
investigate them has often fallen to journalists and other popular writers. Charles Fort’s
(1874-1932) collections of ‘Damned Facts’ (Fort, 2008), John Keel’s (1930-2009)
investigations of the Mothman, Men in Black and other mysteries (see Keel, 1971; 2002;
2013), the hugely influential books of Jenny Randles on the alien abduction phenomenon
(see, for example, Randles, 1988), and Albert Rosales’ recent epic compendia of
humanoid encounters (for instance, Rosales, 2016), are good examples of popular
researchers who have embraced High Strangeness in their writings. Despite its

© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience   7                              ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                                 Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)

acceptance as an almost defining feature of paranormal experience in the popular and
Fortean research communities, however, very little attention has been paid to the High
Strangeness factor in the context of academic or scientific research on extraordinary
experience more generally - though the recent writings of Jeﬀrey J. Kripal have paved the
way for further exploration (Kripal, 2010; 2011; 2020). Why, then, has High Strangeness
received such little scholarly attention?


           Boggle Thresholds and Academic Research on Extraordinary Experience


One possible explanation has been oﬀered by the historian of psychical research Renée
Haynes (1906–1994), who coined the term ‘Boggle Threshold’ to refer to the point at
which an extraordinary experience or phenomenon is deemed so outlandish and unlikely
that it is entirely dismissed by the researcher. She explains that:


            Individual boggle thresholds will vary […] with individual temperament, history,
            training, and aptitude. They will also be influenced by […] the groups to which each
            individual is linked: family, friends, school, employment, university. In people
            brought up in the discipline of the physical sciences the levels of boggledom are
            likely to diﬀer considerably from the levels found in those brought up in the
            humanities (Haynes, 1980, p. 94).


Boggle Thresholds also play their part in academic fields that actively engage in research
on extraordinary experience (as opposed to simply ignoring it), such as parapsychology
and religious experience research. Boggle Thresholds may, for example, place limits on
the kinds of experiences that a study will take into consideration - and there might well be
pragmatic reasons for excluding certain phenomena from a research project. For
example, in their pioneering study, published as the Census of Hallucinations in 1889,
philosopher Henry Sidgwick (1838-1900) and colleagues in the Society for Psychical
Research (SPR) made use of what qualitative research methodologists call a ‘filter
question’ at the beginning of their survey (Krosnick & Presser, 2018, p. 264), specifically
to filter out certain kinds of experiences that might ‘muddy the waters’ in their study of
hallucinatory experiences. Their filter question was:


            Have you ever, when believing yourself to be completely awake, had a vivid
            impression of seeing or being touched by a living being or inanimate object, or of
            hearing a voice; which impression, so far as you could discover, was not due to
            any external physical cause? (Sidgwick, 1891, p. 52).

© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience   8                              ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                                Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)


Sidgwick explains that this ‘last sentence is intended to exclude, as far as possible, a
class of experiences which are liable to confound with hallucinations’ (Sidgwick, 1891, p.
52). The implication is that there are certain experiences, such as those that occur in
dreams, or visual illusions when not ‘completely awake,’ for example, that should be ruled
out of a study of auditory and visionary hallucinations. But what about experiences that
fall between these categories - those peculiar times when we are between waking and
sleeping, in hypnagogic and hypnopompic states, that are rich in hallucinatory
experiences, for example (Ohayon et al., 1996)? A whole plethora of extraordinary
experiences is potentially ruled out from the start. As sociologist David Yamane suggests,
‘by using a closed-ended question as a filter […] qualitative researchers run the risk of
filtering out those who do not understand their experiences in the terms given by the
researcher’ (Yamane, 2000, p. 180). The Religious Experience Research Unit at Oxford
University also took a similar approach to the collection of its data on contemporary
religious experiences in the 1960s, using a combination of public calls for experiential
narratives in newspapers, pamphlets and via questionnaires (Hardy, 2006, pp. 17-25).
This research employed the now famous ‘Hardy Question’ - named after the founder of
the research unit, Sir Alister Hardy (1896-1985) - to try to focus the enquiry onto certain
types of extraordinary experience:


            Have you ever been aware of or influenced by a presence or power, whether you
            call it God or not, which is diﬀerent from your everyday self?


Hardy notes in his own analysis of the data collected by the RERU, however, that in spite
of the filter question the general public continued to send in ‘accounts of the more
ecstatic experiences,’ and as such the research team ultimately decided against trying to
restrict the kinds of experiences that people could submit to the collection (Hardy, 2006,
p. 19). This is perhaps indicative of the ‘wild’ nature of real-world religious experiences,
which do not necessarily fit neatly into simplistic classificatory schemes. Hardy’s decision
to allow the incorporation of heterodox accounts of religious experiences, therefore, has
led to the creation of a very rich resource for researchers. The Religious Experience
Research Centre (RERC), as it is now called, is currently based at the University of Wales
Trinity Saint David and houses over 6,000 self-submitted reports of ‘religious experiences’
from the general population, and is ripe for research on the overlaps between paranormal,
religious and other extraordinary experiences.


© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience   9                             ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                                     Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)

                                                       Damned Experiences


The contents of the RERC archive has provided the source material for several studies of
religious experience, and various diﬀerent attempts at categorising them into distinctive
types, but this work has often also continued to perpetuate a distinction between certain
kinds of experiences. In his 1977 phenomenological study, for example, Timothy
Beardsworth focussed in particular on experiences of a 'sense of presence’ drawn from
the first 1,000 submitted reports. He explains how he classifies these experiential
narratives in the introduction to his analysis:


            The episodes I shall quote involve “sensory” phenomena - visions, voices, and the
            like. I classify the phenomena under separate [headings] according to the “sense”
            involved: (1) visual, (2) auditory, (3) tactile, (4) inward sensations. There is also (5)
            the sense of a “presence”, the feeling that someone is there, based on no sensory
            evidence at all. This feeling, I think, so far as being out on a limb, somehow
            underlies the other “sensory” categories (Beardsworth, 1977, p. ix).


Beardsworth goes on to give numerous fascinating accounts from the archive,
categorising them according to the criteria listed above. The following extract is a
randomly-selected, though more or less representative example from Beardsworth’s
study that shares similar features with many of the experiences submitted in response to
Hardy's question, and is the kind of account commonly featured in analyses of the
archive’s contents. You could say it is a reasonably standard religious experience:


            Male 60: “There was no sensible vision, but the room was filled by a Presence
            which in some strange way was both about me and within me. I was
            overwhelmingly possessed by Someone who was not myself, and yet I felt I was
            more myself than I had ever been before…” (cited in Beardsworth, 1977, p. 122).


Experiential accounts such as this give very intimate insights into what are often
powerfully transformative, and deeply personal, moments in peoples’ lives, and are a rich
source of data for research. These are extraordinary experiences to be sure - they include
encounters with beings of light, hearing disembodied voices, out-of-body experiences,
transfiguration of landscapes, and many interactions with entities interpreted as angels,
God, Christ and the Holy Spirit - but there are also experiences contained in the RERC
archive that do not often appear in such studies - out-lying accounts that do not quite fit
into the ordered frameworks put together by academic researchers. The following

© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience           10                         ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                                 Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)

account, for example, which I found during my own perusal of the archive, has the
reference number 000235 so was presumably included in the first one thousand accounts
surveyed by Beardsworth in the 1970s. The experience is undoubtedly a sensory (visual)
one, and includes a very distinct sense of presence, though for some reason the account
does not appear in his exploration of sensed presences in the archive:


            On the Friday a man came to clean the carpet and curtains in the drawing room.
            Later on there was a complete fusing of everything electrical. Clocks, radios,
            refrigerator, freezer, T.V. all the lights etc. In the evening I lay down on a sofa,
            closed my eyes and tried to relax. I then saw several little green men with very
            unpleasant expressions. They were looking at me. They seemed to be at a
            distance. I suppose "gnomes or goblins” would be an adequate description. I
            didn’t like what I saw, and I was reminded of the time I had a rheumatic illness
            when I was seven, and had been very alarmed by the “little green men” I had seen
            then. Hallucinations, presumably.


                                                             Date of Experience: 1951, Female.
                                                              RERC Archive Reference: 000235


This is clearly an experience with a high strangeness rating, perhaps to the extent that it
exceeded Beardsworth’s boggle threshold, leading to its exclusion from his study. Indeed,
there are many diﬀerent elements of this experience that resonate with other features of
high strangeness - the man coming to clean the carpets (who has clearly been mentioned
for a reason), the fusing of electrical devices, the little green men, the ‘unpleasant’ feeling,
the life-time of similar experiences, and so on - put in these terms it carries many of the
hallmarks of a UFO, abduction or Men in Black experience (see discussion below).
Perhaps, then, it is not a religious experience, but a paranormal experience, so it belongs
in a diﬀerent category? On the other hand, the direct reference to “gnomes or goblins” in
the account also has clear parallels with the body of research related to encounters with
fairies and other folkloric entities. Simon Young’s recent Fairy Census (2018), for instance,
contains numerous descriptions of similar contemporary interactions with small green
humanoids, so perhaps it is a fairy experience - and yet, the report was explicitly self-
submitted as a religious experience, in response to Hardy’s question. Regardless of how
the experience is ultimately categorised, it is clear that a distinction is being made
between those experiences that are suitable for inclusion in academic publications
concerned with religious experience, and those accounts that do not fit the mould. Such
accounts - and there are other high strangeness experiences in the archive (see Hunter,

© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience   11                             ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                                     Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)

2019 for a couple of other examples) - are unlikely to be found in scholarly research
publications because of their high strangeness rating. To use Charles Fort’s terms they
become ‘damned data’ - even in an already damned field like parapsychology or religious
experience research.


                                      The Numinous, The Weird and the Oz Factor


There are, however, some investigators from the canon of academic research on
extraordinary experience who have commented on the deep weirdness that underlies
many such experiences. The German theologian Rudolf Otto (1869-1937), for example, is
famous for his notion of the ‘numinous’ experience as the foundational religious impulse.
Otto suggested that the sense of the numinous is conjured through our interactions with
what he terms “the wholly other” - “something which has no place in our scheme of
reality but belongs to an absolutely diﬀerent one” (Otto, 1958, p. 29). For Otto the
numinous experience was non-rational - pre-existing any kind of religious doctrine - but
could be broadly understood through two overlapping characteristic ‘feeling-responses’
that he labelled mysterium fascinans and mysterium tremendum, the beautiful and
frightening aspects of the numinous respectively. Otto also highlights the occasional
tendency of numinous experiences to slip over into a state of what he calls “daemonic
dread” -           the mysterium horrendum, or the “negative numinous,” which can be utterly
terrifying for the experiencer. Otto elaborates on the dual-nature of the numinous in the
following extract from his The Idea of the Holy (1958):


            The feeling of it may at times come sweeping like a gentle tide, pervading the mind
            with a tranquil mood of deepest worship […] It may burst in sudden eruption up
            from the depths of the soul with spasms and convulsions, or lead to the strangest
            excitements, to intoxicated frenzy, to transport, and to ecstasy. It has its wild and
            demonic forms and can sink to an almost gristly horror and shuddering […] It may
            become the hushed, trembling, and speechless humility of the creature in the
            presence of […] that which is a mystery inexpressible […] (Otto, 1958, p. 13).


Otto’s emphasis on the ‘wholly other,’ the ‘non-rational’ and the numinous, eﬀectively
drew academic attention to some of the stranger features of religious experience - as well
as to its darker dimensions - and his analysis is a good starting point for a scholarly
approach to High Strangeness as a feature of extraordinary experience. The folklorist
Peter Rojcewicz (1987) is another example of an academic researcher of extraordinary
experience who has faced up to the highly strange and the wholly other, in particular in

© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience     12                               ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                                      Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)

his analysis of the bizarre Men in Black (MIB) as both a folk-tradition - a system of beliefs
and narratives - and as a distinct kind of extraordinary experience. Take, for example, his
summary of the highly unusual behaviour of the Men in Black, who have been reported
mysteriously turning up to question and intimidate UFO experiencers since the 1950s:


            Often dressed in black clothing that may appear soiled and generally unkempt or
            unrealistically neat and wrinkle-free, MIB have on occasion displayed a very
            unusual walking motion, moving about as if their hips were swivel joints, producing
            a gliding or rocking eﬀect, often with the torso and legs seemingly moving oﬀ into
            opposite directions […] (Rojcewicz, 1987, p. 151).


Encounters with the MIB clearly have a very high strangeness rating, they are often
surreal interactions and evoke the numinous in the sense of being simultaneously
fascinating and frightening for the experiencer. These kinds of encounters are also
frequently ignored. As Rojcewicz points out in his paper, such accounts are unlikely to be
examined in the academic literature on extraordinary experiences or folklore, precisely
because they are so weird. Although the word ‘weird' is often used flippantly, the cultural
theorist Mark Fisher (1968-2017) suggests instead that the ‘weird’ is - like Rudolf Otto’s
notion of the numinous - a very distinctive feeling-response resulting from an interaction
with an anomalous stimulus, such as an encounter with the Men in Black. Fisher explains
that:


            […] the weird is a particular kind of perturbation. It involves a sensation of
            wrongness; a weird entity or object is so strange that it makes us feel that it should
            not exist, or at least it should not exist here. Yet if the entity or object is here, then
            the categories which we have up until now used to make sense of the world
            cannot be valid (Fisher, 2016, p. 15).


This feeling of ‘deep weirdness’ runs through many of the varieties of anomalous
experience - from ghost sightings and interactions with Bigfoot, through to angelic
visitations and mystical visions. When approached from a comparative perspective, then,
bizarre experiences such as encounters with the MIB reveal a number of features that
connect them to broader motifs in the phenomenology of extraordinary and religious
experience (Evans, 1987). For example, Rojcewicz gives a detailed narrative description
of an MIB encounter given to him by an informant that includes an eerie sense of quiet
stillness surrounding the interaction, reminiscent of what alien abduction researcher
Jenny Randles has called the ‘Oz Factor.’ The Oz Factor is common to many paranormal

© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience   13                                  ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                                Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)

experiences, and often precedes the climactic encounter - whether with a UFO in the sky,
Bigfoot in the woods, a gnome-like entity in the garden or an angel in your bedroom.
Randles defines it as:


            […] a set of symptoms […] which [create] the impression of temporarily having left
            our material world and entered another dream-like place with magical rules […] It
            tells us […] most notably that the percipient has changed their state of
            consciousness […] The result is a dreamy and weirdly silent state of mind that is
            recognised as peculiar […] even though they do not appreciate what it implies
            (Randles, 1988, p. 22).


Rojcewicz’s account also highlights the strange and awkward movements of the MIB as a
trigger for this dreamlike state, and the growing sense of the mysterium tremendum that
eventually engulfs the experiencer: “Within, say, ten seconds, great fear overwhelmed me
and for the first time I entertained the idea that this man was otherworldly. Really, I was
very frightened” (Rojcewicz, 1984, pp. 163). As a further illustration of these overlapping
high strangeness traits: the following narrative was sent to me by an informant who was
looking for help making sense of an extraordinary encounter he and a friend had while
walking in the wilderness, not far from his friend’s home. My informant has given
permission for the following extracts from his initial message to me to be included in this
paper. He explains how he and his friend were walking away from the house, down a path
toward the surrounding woodland, when:


            […] both of us immediately saw something out of place […] below about 30-40 feet
            away from us in between the trees [there was something] tall, white and three
            dimensional. It appeared to be completely white and soft like light, but it did not
            illuminate the trees or ground around it […] it was shaped in [an] upside down V or
            U […] It was so white that you could see the shadow being cast on it while it was
            swaying like it was a real animal […]


Instantly apparent in the context of this discussion is the anomalous ‘sense of presence’
noticed by my informant and his friend - both recognised ‘something out of place’ in their
immediate environment. It is also, therefore, a shared experience, suggesting an objective
anomalous presence in the woods. That the encounter was with a being of light is also a
classical feature of many forms of religious experience. The unusual behaviour of the light
itself - such as the fact that it did not illuminate the surrounding trees - is also a widely
noted theme across a range of extraordinary experiences, including UFO encounters and

© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience   14                            ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                                   Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)

near-death experiences, during which light often behaves in peculiar ways (cf. Fox, 2003;
Puhle, 2013). Perhaps strangest of all is the bizarre shape of the entity - described as ‘an
upside down V or U’ that swayed ‘like it was a real animal.’ The description is, to use
Otto’s terminology, of something ‘wholly other.’ My informant continues his description of
the entity he and his friend witnessed:


            […] It was making creepy swaying movements with its (whole body) […] It was
            moving left to right in a specific motion standing on the forest floor in the same
            area between the trees making absolutely no sound, and there was absolutely no
            wind. It was beautiful to look at but terrifying at the same time. We watched it in
            silence as it was swaying and I started to feel impending doom (the sinking feeling
            in your chest) "set in" and it felt like I was going to die or something bad was going
            to happen. I told my friend specifically "I don't like this", he agreed, and we
            immediately left the forest […]


This extract contains several features that further resonate with other elements of high
strangeness experiences. The ‘creepy swaying movements’ of the entity, for instance, are
reminiscent of the bizarre movements of the otherworldly MIB discussed above. The fact
that there was “absolutely no sound, and there was absolutely no wind” recalls the ‘Oz
Factor’ described by Jenny Randles in conjunction with UFO sightings and alien
abductions; and Otto’s sense of the dual-natured numinous is captured vividly in the the
way that the swaying entity is described as ‘beautiful to look at but terrifying at the same
time,’ with the experience gradually slipping into the feeling of ‘impending doom’ and
Otto’s mysterium horrendum. This is an account with a high number of anomalous
information bits “each of which outrages common sense” (Hynek, 1979, p. 42). It is
precisely this kind of knotting of elements that characterises high strangeness, but that
also connects high strangeness experiences to other elements of extraordinary
experience more generally. It is also this knotting together in a single account of
numerous high strangeness threads that makes my informant’s experiential narrative so
compelling, as Mike Clelland suggests: “The more complicated the interwoven details, the
more valid it seems” (Clelland, 2020, p. 44).


                                                       Conclusion


‘High Strangeness’ was introduced into the discourse of paranormal research as a
scientific term - by a scientist - as a framework for making sense of some of the most
complex extraordinary experiences. As a scientific term, High Strangeness may have

© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience       15                           ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                             Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)

broader usefulness in the wider study of extraordinary and religious experience. The high
strangeness perspective encourages us to take seriously those elements of extraordinary
experience that might seem bizarre or absurd, and to try to understand them in a
comparative context. This may go some way towards helping to bridge the gap between
popular Fortean perspectives on the paranormal and academic research on religious and
extraordinary experience - revealing not only the threads that link the highly strange to
established themes of religious experience, but also showing how elements of religious
experience often tip over into the highly strange. High Strangeness, then, may not simply
be a feature of outlying cases, as I suggested at the start of this paper, but may actually
be a fundamental characteristic of extraordinary experiences more generally, and as such
deserves wider scholarly attention.


                                                       Acknowledgements


Thanks to Dr. Michael Grosso, Prof. Bettina Schmidt, Joshua Cutchin and Tony Eccles for
their comments on an earlier draft of this paper.


                                                          References


Beardsworth, T. (1977). A Sense of Presence: The phenomenology of certain kinds of
visionary and ecstatic experience, based on a thousand contemporary first-hand
accounts. Oxford: The Religious Experience Research Unit.


Clelland, M. (2020). The Messengers: Owls, Synchronicity and the UFO Abductee.
Beneath the Stars Press.


Cutchin, J. & Renner, T. (2020). Where the Footprints End: High Strangeness and the
Bigfoot Phenomenon. Vol. 1: Folklore. Red Lion, PA: Dark Holler Arts.


Evans, H. (1987). Gods, Spirits, Cosmic Guardians: Encounters with Non-Human Beings.
Wellingborough: The Aquarian Press.


Fisher, M. (2016). The Weird and the Eerie. London: Repeater Books.


Fort, C. (2008). The Book of the Damned: The Collected Works of Charles Fort. New York:
Jeremy P. Tarcher.


© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience          16                  ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                             Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)

Fox, M. (2003). ‘Sharing the Light: An Analysis of RERC Archival Accounts Describing
Shared Experiences of Unusual Light.’ RERC Second Series Occasional Paper 39, pp.
1-16. Available Online: https://repository.uwtsd.ac.uk/id/eprint/451/1/RERC2-039-1.pdf
[Accessed 23/02/2021].


Graham, R. (2017). UFOs: Reframing the Debate. Brighton: White Crow Books.


Hansen, G.P. (1991). ‘D. Scott Rogo and his Contributions to Parapsychology.’ The
Anthropology of Consciousness, Vol. 2, No. 3, pp. 32-35.


Hardy, A. (2006). The Spiritual Nature of Man: A Study of Contemporary Religious
Experience. Lampeter: Religious Experience Research Centre.


Haynes, R. (1980). ‘The Boggle Threshold.’ Encounter, August 1980 Issue, pp. 92-96.


Hunter, J. (2019). 'Religious Experience and Ecological Participation: Animism, Nature
Connectedness and Fairies.' De Numine: The Journal and Newsletter of the Alister Hardy
Trust, No. 67, pp. 4-9


Hynek, J.A. (1979). The UFO Experience: A Scientific Inquiry. London: Corgi Books.


Keel, J.A. (1971). Our Haunted Planet: Strange truths about the earth and its mysterious
inhabitants. London: Neville Spearman.


Keel, J.A. (2002). The Mothman Prophecies. London: Hodder & Stoughton.


Keel, J.A. (2013). The Eighth Tower: On Ultraterrestrials and the Superspectrum.
Charlottesville: Anomalist Books.


Kripal, J.J. (2010). Authors of the Impossible: The Paranormal and the Sacred. Chicago:
University of Chicago Press.


Kripal, J.J. (2011). Mutants and Mystics: Science Fiction, Superhero Comics, and the
Paranormal. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.


Kripal, J.J. (2020). The Flip: Who you really are and why it matters. London: Penguin.


© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience   17                         ISSN: 2057-2301
Journal for the Study of Religious Experience                             Vol. 7, No. 1 (2021)

Krosnick J.A. & Presser, S. (2018). ‘Questionnaire Design.’ In: D. Vannette & J.A. Krosnick
(eds.) The Palgrave Handbook of Survey Research. London: Palgrave Macmillan, pp.
439-455.


Ohayon, M.M., Priest, R.G., Caulet, M. & Guilleminault, C. (1996). ‘Hypnagogic and
hypnopompic hallucinations: pathological phenomena?’ British Journal of Psychiatry, Vol.
169, pp. 459-467.


Otto, R. (1958). The Idea of the Holy. Oxford: Oxford University Press.


Puhle, A. (2013). Light Changes: Experiences in the Presence of Transforming Light.
Guildford: White Crow Books.


Randles, J. (1988). Abduction: Scientific Exploration of Alleged Kidnap by Alien Beings.
London: Headline.


Rojcewicz, P.M. (1984). The Boundaries of Orthodoxy: A Folkloric Look at the UFO
Phenomenon. Ph.D. dissertation, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia.


Rojcewicz, P.M. (1987). ‘The “Men in Black” Experience and Tradition: Analogues with the
Traditional Devil Hypothesis.’ The Journal of American Folklore, Vol. 100, No. 396, pp.
148-160


Rosales, A.S. (2016). Humanoid Encounters: The Others Amongst Us, 1970-1974.
Triangulum Publishing.


Sidgwick, H. (1891). ‘A Census of Hallucinations.’ The New Review, Vol. 4, No. 20, pp.
52-59.


Vallee, J. (1977). UFOs: The Psychic Solution: UFO Influences on the Human Race. St
Albans: Panther Books.


Yamane, D. (2000). ‘Narrative and Religious Experience.’ Sociology of Religion, Vol. 61,
No. 2, pp. 171-189.


Young, S. (2018). The Fairy Census, 2014-2017. Available Online: http://www.fairyist.com/
wp-content/uploads/2014/10/The-Fairy-Census-2014-2017-1.pdf [Accessed 17/02/2021].

© 2021 Journal for the Study of Religious Experience   18                         ISSN: 2057-2301
