{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T00:57:44Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 139007, "source_ctime_ns": 1790195826589049286, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Abduction-Watch---No-24.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790195826578304691, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Abduction-Watch---No-24.pdf", "source_sha256": "e94c4a46363cdee7db050358e42245eb94e191e2200708faa6dae407c4d943ac"}

ABDUCTION WATCH 24
         RETURNING FROM THE DEAD              -   SO NOT MUCH UKE SCOLE. THEN


Well, AW has been away for a while: the reasons are various.        firstly, I've been engaged in
serious, ground-up research for a change, instead of just reacting to the crackpot of the
month.   Nothing wrong with reacting to crackpots, of course, but I did need to put in some
real work on the 'Nazi UFO' material, which is set out at length in the current Fortean Studies
and should by now be accessible, free, on the Magonia website {if Mark Pilkington has fixed
the link!) I'm quite proud that earlier versions of this material has been appearing on a variety
of sceptical and anti-fascist sites on the Internet- the latter, in particular, are just where I
want to be. In due course I hope that an extended version of this material will form part of a
book dealing with the continuing desire of individuals to glorify both Nazis and neo-Nazis by
crediting them with entirely fictional claims of mystical and occult knowledge, and of some
authors and publishers to profit thereby.


Secondly, and more practically, a computer problem led to the AW subscription database
vanishing, and it was only a few weeks ago that I found an old floppy disk containing a copy. I
suspect that it wasn't up-to-date, and that most of you are going to receive a couple of extra
issues as a result: considering how long you've been waiting, that seems entirely fair!


Since the last AW, the abduction issue itself has changed. Generally, the struggle to retain
credibility for the abduction of humans by aliens as a real event is becoming increasingly
desperate, seemingly driven primarily by those who have a financial interest in defending it.
Streiber, ever the directionless mystic among the more astute abduction proponents, has
more or less vanished in the world of mysterious visitors and doom-laden futures, but
continues to lend his name to other projects, ensuring that the money keeps rolling in.
Jacobs, despite the day-job, continues to fail to tell history from fiction.         Hopkins has
returned to the Napolitano myth as the sharp end of his publicity. Leir and Lorgen and Sims
rave on, untouched by sense or logic or fact, still succeeding in giving the impression that
events have happened when they have not, based on the implication of each having skills,
experience and standing they have so far not proved. I see that Graham Birdsall is bringing
superchiropodist Leir over for the Leeds Conference this year, so presumably that nonsense
about implants still sells tickets.


In this country, Birdsall's UFO Magazine, which could surely not survive long without its
abduction tales (after all, there's so little else to publish) has been putting out material which
on examination appears to be less than helpful to its readers, and may prove to have
misrepresented the competence of an organisation involved in regression hypnosis.


Animal mutilation

In the October 2001 issue, David Cayton again tried to persuade us that animals in the U K
really are mutilated by aliens.       His attempt at medical verification goes no further than
providing a small scrap of skin from a dead sheep to a Pathologist at the University of
Manchester.   The pathologist makes the riveting finding that the piece of skin is dead, and
covered in bacteria: I'm sure the University must be impressed by the pathologist's use of its
headed paper, and by his misleading description, under that university heading, of retired
engineer Cayton as a "Physician".


More indicative of Cayton's state of mind, and of the quality of speculation Graham Birdsall will
publish just to keep the abduction farrago going, is his juxtaposition of Cayton's view of the
only professional person to view the mutilated animals at Keighley Moor with his own, strange
speculation. All we hear of the professional's view is that


       "A local assistant veterinarian called to the scene speculated whether the injuries could
       have been caused by a mink, since they were not typical of those inflicted by a fox or a
       badger."


The 'mink' hypothesis is, sadly, too simple for Cayton. He appears to take on board the fact
that the sheep display evidence of attack by an animal, but, convinced that the physical
evidence "revealed classic 'surgical' wound signatures, lending support to the ' ET' connection
hypothesis", he says


       "As a personal afterthought, I just wonder if these alien mutilators conduct tissue and
       organ gathering with some form of 'pet' animal of their own alongside, such as a
       'Chupacabras' for example?


       Could it be that, while the intelligent two-legged humanoids are busily engaged
       elsewhere, they let loose these hungry beasts to rampage at will, like a dog off a leash?
       Since these creatures have reportedly been seen worldwide, prior to where mutilated
       animals have been discovered soon after, it may not be as improbable a suggestion as at
       first appears."


No, it couldn't be that. I suggest that Cayton's approach is now so subjective, and so driven by
his belief in alien mutilators, that it would be unwise to encourage him further by publishing his
increasingly irrational conclusions.   Didn't UFO Magazine learn anything from the 'Alien
Ambassador' experience?


Nick Pope and the National Council for Hypnotherapy

More obviously misleading is the publicity given by Nick Pope in the February 2002 issue of
UFO Magazine to the "National Council for Hypnotherapy", which he proudly announces has
"issued a policy statement concerning alien abductions".      Pope makes it clear that he refers
abductees/experiencers to "psychotherapist and hypnotherapist David Howard, with whom I
have been working for some time." Howard is also "The driving force behind this initiative".


Pope describes the issue of the policy statement as a "landmark decision", "the first time that
any of the professional bodies representing British hypnotherapists has made an official
pronouncement on this issue, let alone issued guidance to its members." Aware that the term
"professional" can suggest to some people the holding of professional qualifications, rather
than just the taking of money from people in return for hypnotising them, I took a brief look
at the NCH. I'd be happy for anyone out there in the mainstream media to pick up my very
basic findings, and take them further.


The NCH has five levels of membership, none of which require any formal, earned, accredited
qualification in medicine, nursing, psychiatry or psychology. Or anything else, so far as I can
tell. Associate Membership is "Available to anyone with an interest in hypnotherapy", and the
higher levels of membership ask only for support from other members, the completion of
training courses (provided by other hypnotherapists), and of case studies (considered by other
members). To climb from the second level of 'Licentiate' to be a 'Registered' member requires
only 12 months hypnotising people. To rise to 'Accredited' status takes another four years of
the same.   The highest level, Fellowship, can only be "awarded, at the National Council's
discretion, to those Accredited members considered to have made a significant contribution to
the profession of hypnotherapy."


The Chair, and Ethics Officer, of the National Council is, unremarkably, a Fellow of the
National Council.    On his page on the NCH site he distinguishes himself as "Dr Shaun
Brookhouse, FNCH."


In that Dr Brookhouse is both "the Director of Brookhouse Hypnotherapy, a private
hypnotherapy practice, and Director of Training and Research of the Washington School of
Clinical and Advanced Hypnosis", I do not doubt that appearing to be a 'Dr' gives a good
impression to potential trainees and, er, patients.   And he's proud of his certificates. In an
article in 'Hypnogenesis', a net-only "Magazine for Hypnosis and Hypnotherapy", he says "I have
3 Doctoral Degrees, 2 Masters Degrees, 13 Certifications in Hypnotherapy, NLP and
Psychotherapy, 2 Diplomas, 1 Post Graduate Diploma and am currently undertaking a 3rd
Masters Degree, 7 Fellowships and going on 1 2 years clinical experience."


On the NCH site he is more specific, saying that he has "Doctorates in Clinical Hypnotherapy
(American Institute of Hypnotherapy), Esoteric Studies (American Pacific University) and
Psychotherapeutic Counselling (Honolulu University).      Not being immediately familiar with
these academic institutions, and aware that Brookhouse lives and works in the U K, I thought
they were worth checking out.


An Internet search for the "American Institute of Hypnotherapy", which awarded Brookhouse
the first-mentioned doctorate, leads only to a redirection to the site of the "American Pacific
University", which awarded him the second.


American Pacific University does not require attendance. Indeed, attendance is unlikely: "APU
is primarily a non-residential program and therefore does not have any dormitory or other
housing facilities." It does, however, have some unusual standards for awarding a doctorate,
saying that "APU will allow students to transfer certain graduate academic coursework, which
has been completed in the field of study, which may include hypnosis, counselling, behavioural
science human performance, or esoteric studies."       It also, I suggest significantly, states
"American Pacific University is not accredited by (a recognized) an accrediting agency (or
association) recognized by the United States Secretary of Education."


Funnily enough, "Honolulu University"- which awarded the third-mentioned doctorate - prints
the same disclaimer about not being accredited, only without the words in brackets.           It
describes itself as "A University Without Walls", and also notes that "Honolulu University's
degree programs are not designed to meet any particular local, state, or national licensing or
credentialing laws, nor to meet any requirements established by independent professional
associations."


It would, I suggest, be interesting to know why Brookhouse chose to take the non-U K, non­
attendance, unaccredited route to obtaining his three doctorates, to know precisely who, and
with what authority, supervised him in attaining them, and to know how much he paid for each
'doctorate'.     And as he is not only the Chair, but also the Ethics Officer of the National
Hypnotherapy Council, it would be helpful to hear his views on the ethics of persons who
assume the title "Dr" on the authority of doctorates obtained from unaccredited 'universities'.


We will probably be fortunate to hear such explanations, but I do hope that Nick Pope will be
able to explain why he chooses to recommend the NCH as in some way suited to dealing with
"abductees/experiencers", including those that he introduces to David Howard.        Indeed, it
would be intriguing to know precisely what relevant and meaningful standing Howard himself
has to deal with presumably disturbed and distressed persons by way of hypnotic regression,
when the medical profession has so clearly rejected the use of the technique.


The policy statement issued by the NCH is but a paltry thing, but it ends with the requirement
that


       "Because of the necessity of regression in AAC's it is essential that therapists ensure
       that clients' full medical and mental health history is taken before the commencement
       of treatment."


This is disturbing. Firstly, because the NCH has decided that it is "essential" to use hypnotic
regression on "Alien Abduction Clients", but also because apparently amateur, non-medical, and
quite possibly completely unsuitable 'therapists' are instructed to take the "full medical and
mental health history" of clients.    I do hope that they are all registered under the Data
Protection Act.


Nick Pope has made substantial amounts of money out of promulgating alien abduction as real,
and it might not be unreasonable to conclude that this is an unfortunate attempt to sustain the
flow of accounts for publication. He says in his UFO Magazine article


       Like it or not, regression hypnosis is here to stay. It may enable us to access new data
       about the phenomenon and in many cases lead to a catharsis on the part of the
       abductee/experiencer.
       This being the case, we need to ensure that the technique is used responsibly.       With
       this in mind, the work undertaken by David Howard and the NCH should be welcomed by
       anyone with an interest in the alien abduction phenomenon and anyone - believer or
       sceptic - who is genuinely concerned for the welfare of the abductees and experiencers
       themselves."


He also asserts that


       "abductees can rest assured that if they approach any hypnotherapist affiliated to the
       NCH, they will at least be dealing with somebody who has a basic awareness of the
       phenomenon, coupled with an        understanding   of how best     to   take forward an
       investigation."


Although it was never part of Pope's duties as a junior civil servant in the MoD to conduct
research into alien abduction, he attempts to lend the NCH authority by claiming that he
"submitted a paper to the NCH, drawing on my official Ministry of Defence research and
investigation into this phenomenon".    What he is actually doing is to send, and recommend,
persons who have somehow formed a view that they have suffered abduction, and the
emotional and physical distress that usually entails, to be regressed by persons without
medical standing or medical insurance. I hope that he can summon up the decency to counter
and withdraw his ill-considered assertions before anyone - or maybe anyone else - suffers in
consequence.   Graham Birdsall might, to be on the safe side, like to consider publishing a
disclaimer just in case some over-blown amateur hypnotist really screws up the life of one of
his readers.


The Cathars and Reincarnation

Once upon a time I thought that Arthur Guirdham had found and written down the best proof
of most of the things I really wanted to be true: survival of death, constructive and purposive
reincarnation, recall of fine and exciting past lives, and the eventual triumph of good over evil.
I gradually realised that little of what he said really cohered or convinced but, like a good deal
of what is currently attracting my attention, nobody had really taken the time or trouble to
find out how this complex delusion of group reincarnation had ever come about.


Thanks to the kindness - and long memory - of Leslie Price, I'm happy to recommend an
excellent 51-page monograph which comes as close to a solution as anyone is ever likely to get.
It's intelligent, thoughtful, well-researched and constructive, but it's also by no means afraid
to identify the untruthful elements of the story where they're found. It's titled 'The Cathars
and Arthur Guirdham - an investigation into the past lives of a Bath psychiatrist and his circle'
By Lynda Harris, an academic and historian, it's available for £4.50 (including postage) from
D J Ellis, Fernwood, Nightingales, West Chiltington, Pulborough, West Sussex, RH20 2QT.
The difference between knowledge and understanding

Dr Arthur Guirdham worked for many years as a Senior Consultant Psychiatrist with the NHS.
Like many of those who have supported the experiences recorded at the Scole circle as
scientific evidence of the survival of intelligence after death and, indeed, some of the current
most senior figures in the Society for Psychical Research, Guirdham provides a fine cautionary
tale to show that knowledge and academic achievement in one field does not guarantee against
becoming confused and being misled, by that which you want to believe in another. A recent
example, involving a bright, informed and influential writer comes to mind. Telling us in FT155
how stories of shape-shifters "illuminate the relationship between the physical and the
spiritual", Patrick Harpur says


       "It is universally believed that witches fly, as do their counterparts, the witch-doctors
       or shamans who fly into the otherworld to retrieve souls that have wandered off from
       their owners or been abducted by malignant spirits or witches."


Actually, a minute proportion of the world's population believes that witches, or anybody else,
can fly, The fact is that, at a real pinch, you can find somebody in most societies who is daft
or deluded enough to believe that people can fly. At best, if you look really, really hard, ask
foolish and uninformed people, or maybe put an ad in Kindred Spirit, this might be a belief that
can be found universally. But that really is something quite different from it being "universally
believed".


And in AW25

Apart from putting together 'Nazis On Mars', I'm elbow-deep in what calls itself the 'Grail
Bloodline' material.   Currently forming the basis of three very successful books by ' Sir'
Laurence Gardner, one by 'Prince Michael of Albany', and another by the old UFO Reality crew
of Jon King and John Beveridge, and grounded in the British Israelitism of the early part of
the last century, in De Sede, Plantard, and Lincoln, Baigent and Leigh, this appears to be
constructed from a series of hoaxed and constructed materials, published over a period of
more than 50 years.     It continues to grow and develop, each person adding new elements,
probably to an extent unaware of the earlier deceits.    It's a real task attempting to unravel
even the key elements, but I'm getting there slowly. If you know of anyone who's involved in
similar research, I'd be grateful to hear of it. Much as I did with the Nazi UFO material, I
hope to set out some initial findings- and probably a string of questions- in AW. Among those
questions will be some about the supposed significance of blood, race, and alien genes in dealing
with real world people and events.


CONTACT

Life being too short, I don't have e-mail, but I'd still be delighted to hear from you. Please
write to Kevin McCiure, PO Box 266, Leeds, LS3 lUR. Subscription details next issue.
                                                                                Thanks, KEVIN.
