{"created_utc": "2026-10-07T15:23:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 41649, "source_ctime_ns": 1790676171764448151, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/acknowledge-0bf1fef87e.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790676171761108898, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/acknowledge-0bf1fef87e.pdf", "source_sha256": "271d97df6e4c5769d4ac3a3edf9fbdb03fd552538682a2a135c60440f9ea19f7"}

The Dancing Wu Li Masters


        Earth                                                                                                    Earth
                                                   Aliens On Earth.com
                                          Resources for those who are stranded here

            UFOs | Paranormal | Area 51        Search... for keyword(s)
             People | Places | Random                      Dancing Masters            Go
                                                                                                    Our Bookstore
              Top 100 | What's New                                                                    is OPEN
               Catalog | New Books                            in BookTitle/Author
                                                              in Book  Title/Author

    Mothership -> Book Catalog -> Subjects -> Banta -> 26382 -> Here


  Book Catalog Excerpt from The Dancing Wu Li Masters


                                                 Acknowledgments
  My gratitude to the following people cannot be adequately expressed. I discovered, in the course of writing this book,
  that physicists, from graduate students to Nobel Laureates, are a gracious group of people; accessible, helpful, and
  engaging. This discovery shattered my long-held stereotype of the cold, "objective" scientific personality. For this,
  above all, I am grateful to the people listed here.

  Jack Sarfatti, Ph.D., Director of the Physics/Consciousness Research Group, is the catalyst without whom the following
  people and I would not have met. Al Chung-liang Huang, The T'ai Chi Master, provided the perfect metaphor of Li,
  inspiration, and the beautiful calligraphy. David Finkelstein, Ph. D., Director of the School of Physics, Georgia Institute
  of Technology, was my first tutor. These men are the godfathers of this book.

  In addition to Sarfatti and Finkelstein, Brian Josephson, Professor of Physics, Cambridge University, and Max Jammer,
  Professor of Physics, Bar-Ilan University, Ramat-Gan, Israel, read and commented upon the entire manuscript. I am
  especially indebted to these men (but I do not wish to imply that any one of them, or any other of the individualistic and
  creative thinkers who helped me with this book, would approve of it, page for page, as it is written, nor that the
  responsibility for any errors or misinterpretations belongs to anyone but me).

  I am also indebted to Henry Stapp, Ph.D., Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory, for reading and commenting upon portions of
  the manuscript, and to Elizabeth Rauscher, Ph.D., founder and sponsor of the Fundamental Physics Group, Lawrence
  Berkeley Laboratory, for encouraging non-physicists to partake of weekly conferences which normally would attract
  only physicists. In addition to Stapp and Sarfatti, this group included John Clauser, Ph.D.; Philippe Eberhard, Ph.D.;
  George Weissman, Ph.D.; Fred Wolf, Ph.D.; and Fritjof Capra, Ph.D.; among others.

  I am grateful to Carson Jefferies, Professor of Physics, University of California at Berkeley, for his support and for
  commenting upon portions of the manuscript; to David Bohm, Professor of Physics, Birkbeck College, University of
  London, for reading portions of the manuscript; to Saul-Paul Sirag for his frequent assistance; to the physicists of the
  Particle Data Group, Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory, for their assistance in compiling the particle table at the back of
  the book; to Eleanor Criswell, Professor of Psychology, Sonoma State University (California), for her valuable support;
  to Gin McCollum, Professor of Mathematics, Kansas State University, for her assistance and for her patient tutelage;
  and to Nick Herbert, Ph.D., Director of the C-Life Institute, for providing me with his excellent papers on Bell's theorem
  and for permission to use his paper title, "More than Both," as a chapter title.

  All of the illustrations in this book were done by Thomas Linden Robinson.

  Harvey White, Professor Emeritus, Department of Physics, University of California at Berkeley, and former Director,
  Lawrence Hall of Science, personally provided photographs of his famous simulations of probability distribution
  patterns. The electron diffraction photograph was provided by Ronald Gronsky, Ph.D., Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory. I
  learned much about spectroscopy from Sumner Davis, Professor of Physics, University of California at Berkeley. I am


acknowledge.shtml[28/02/2022 21:20:47]
The Dancing Wu Li Masters

  deeply grateful to these men who, like all of the physicists that I encountered in writing this book, gave graciously of
  their time and knowledge to a stranger who needed help.

  I also am indebted to Maria Guarnaschelli, my editor for her sensitivity and erudition.

  Without the generosity of Michael Murphy and the Board of Directors of the Esalen Institute, which sponsored the 1976
  conference on physics and consciousness, none of this probably would have happened.

                                                           [ Parent ]

  9/12/96


acknowledge.shtml[28/02/2022 21:20:47]
