{"created_utc": "2026-09-17T02:50:48Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 427105, "source_ctime_ns": 1788524481890046498, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Ancient-Skies---Vol-13-No-1---1986-87.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788524481869924178, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Ancient-Skies---Vol-13-No-1---1986-87.pdf", "source_sha256": "9656e8f62d5d1c3d393d726d8ddfb0e1a31c89abd2b659618f2794a9a2d41c17"}

ANCIENT SKIES
                                                                    ~fitl't


   Official Logbook ol the Ancient Astronaut Society
                      (c) COPYRIGHT 1986 ANCIENT ASTRONAUT SOCIETY - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
VOLUME 13, NUMBER l    1921 ST, JOHNS AVE,, HIGHLArm PARK, ILLINOIS 60035-3105 USA         MARCH-APRIL 1986
IMMANUEL VELIKOVSKY AND THE SCIENTIFIC METHOD          cognize his priority on the subject. These are well
                                                       documented in Velikovsky Reconsidered. I am not in
 BY KENNETH C. MCCULLOCH*                              a position to check the possibility that some of
                                                       his predictions may have been published somewhere
    Shortly after the Second World War, Dr. Immanuel   else previously, and not noted at the time.
Velikovsky, in a series of books, suggested that          Many lay persons have the idea that scientists
drastic changes had taken place in the Solar Sy-       are zealously devoted to the search for.Truth, and
 stem within recent historical times. In 1950, his     when new evidence is presented which indicates the
book Worlds in Collision presented a scholarly ac-     need co modify previously-held ideas, they will un-
count of a series of cataclysms in ancient times,      hesitatingly modify their theories. The truth is
with voluminous references to ancient writings and     that scientists can be (and sometimes are) as bi-
legends. (l)It told of drastic reshuffling of plane- goted and narrow-minded as a medieval clergyman.
tary orbits, the near-collision of several planets,       In Worlds in Collision, Velikovsky suggested that
and in general, such a revolution of prehistory,       Venus was a newly-created planet, which, before
history,geology and astronomy as the world has sel- settling down in the stable orbit it now occupies,
dom seen. Within a few years he had published two      nearly collided with the Earth on a number of occa-
more books describing various aspects of the same      sions. Before the inner planets settled down, on a
theme, Earth in Upheaval (2) and Ages in Chaos (3). number of occasions several centuries later, Mars
   The responseof the scientific communi"ty was im-    also came close to colliding with the Earth. This
~ediate, and disgraceful. Attempts were made by        thesis was well documented from ancient sources all
prominent scientists to prevent publication of         over the world. The most startling part of his the-
Worlds in Collision. When it was published, a form     sis, to my mind, was the idea that Venus was~with-
ot blacluiiail was adopted, forcing the original pub- in historical times, somehow torn out of the planet
lisher of what had become a best-seller to transfer Jupiter, and escaped from there to the inner part
the rights to another publisher, one who did not       of the Solar System. In Earth in Urheaval, Velikov-
have a textbook department. The whole sordid mess      sky provided evidence in support o the same theory
is beyond the scope of this article, but it is well from geology, archaeology, and paleontology. In
documented in the book Velikovsky Reconsidered (4). Age? in Chaos he provided evidence suggesting that
The title of one of the papers in this volume is       ancient chronology needed to be amended, by lopping
"The Scientific Mafia," which accurately describes     off a total of 500 years. This was also due to the
the level on which the scientific community, with a effects of the close planetary encounters which he
number of notable exceptions, responded to Velikov- has described.
sky's works. Ultimately, the scientific community        Velikovsky's theory had a number of features
will probably react like many people did to the ad- which could be experimentally verified. At a time
vances of space travel - first, they opposed it,       when most astronomers were saying that Venus was
then tried to ignore it, and finally announced that not much warmer than the Earth, he predicted that
they had favored it all along.                         Venus would be found to be very hot. Subsequent ob-
   Already there are quite a number of papers refer- servations by U.S. and Soviet space-craft, and also
ring to predictions of Velikovsky which do not re-     ground-based observations, showed that the surface
                                                       temperature was over 800°F. He predicted that Jupi-
"Ih1.s article 1.s based upon portions of the author's ter would prove to be a radio source; this was la-
book, Mankind: Citizen of the Galaxy, published by     ter found to be true. He predicted that Venus would
Rings of Saturn Puohshing:-The 300 page ovex:size      prove to have anomalous rotations and a massive
paperback (8 l/2 x 11) is an excellent reference       atmosphere. Venus' atmosphere was found by Soviet
work in the fields of ancient astronauts, ancient      space-craft to have a surface pressure of about 90
mysteries, UFOs, space travel, the Moon, Atlantis,     times that of Earth. Venus' rotation was found,
Pyramids and many others. The author lists some        much to the astonishment of the scientific world,
1,000 books, articles and periodicals in the fields, to be slow and retrograde, with the same face turn-
digesting many of them for the reader. The book can ed toward the Earth at each inferior conjunction.
be obtained from the author's address: P.O.Box 3440, Another test suggested by Velikovsky was to meas~
The Pas, Manitoba, CANADA R9A 1S2.                     ure the temperature of Venus' cloud layer at regu-
   Hr. McCulloch graduated with honors in astronomy    lar intervals. If Venus were very old, there would
from the University of Toronto in 1955 and has work- be no change in temperature. If Venus were as young
ed as a meteorological observer at remote weather      as Velikovsky suggests, there should be a slow but
stations in Canada for 30 years. Currently he is       progressive decrease in temperature. Evidence cited
stationed at Eureka, NWT, where he is working on a     in Velikovsky Reconsidered indicates that this may
detailed Index of the first 12 volumes (72 issues)     be the case. However, only a short time interval
of Ancient Skies. The Index will be made available     was considered there. As more time passes, the dif-
to Society members when completed.                     ference should increase.and will be easier to meas-
                                                       ure unequivocally.          (Continued on next page)
    (Continued from previous page)                       or presented many carefully documented examples to
      Velikovsky also stated that Venus' atmosphere      support his theory that the accepted chronology of
   would prove to contain hydrocarbons, derived from     Egyptian history was in error and that many events
   the atmosphere of Jupiter, which contains at least    occurred some 600 years later than supposed. This
   one such compound, methane. There are formidable      theory was ~ar-reaching in consequence, because
   problems in making ground-based observations of the the chronologies of many other cultures are tied
   spectrum of Venus in order to measure its hydrocar- co that of Egypt, such as the Syrian,· the Persian,
   bon content. It is not yet definitely established     the Greek and the Babylonian.
   whether or not hydrocarbons are present in the Cy-       In 1982, there appeared the first of several
   therean atmosphere. The main components are carbon    books Velikovsky had been writing at ,the time of
   dioxide and nitrogen; also present are argon, water his death in 1979. This was !-!ankind in Amnesia (8).
  vapor and possible carbon monoxide. The clouds in      The amnesia he refers to befell Mankind as a result
   the atmosphere appear to be made up of droplets of    of the catastrophes described in his earlier books.
   sulphuric acid, extending roughly from 45 to 770 km. These experiences were so traumatic that people,
  above the surface.                                     collectively, tried to erase them from their con-
      The eruption of El Chichon in 1982 in Mexico       scious memories. One result of this collective am-
  dumped a great quantity of sulphuric acid into the     nesia is that, at the present time, it is diffi-
  upper atmosphere of Earth. As there are at least       cult co piece together exactly what happened, and
  two areas on the surface of Venus which are sus-       how people responded to it. This is particularly
  pected of volcanic activity, it would be well to       important at the present time, because once again
  monitor this activity as often as possible, to find Han is on the brink of disaster, this time one of
  out if the level of activity is constant or not.       his own making. Velikovsky is considering this pro-
  Perhaps some of the acid in the atmosphere of Venus blem from the viewpoint of a psychoanalyst.
  is produced by volcanic activity, as is the case         The scientific community reacted as it did when
  here. The cloud density should be monitored also.     Velikovsky started writing his books, first, be-
     Most of the data cited by Velikovsky in Worlds      cause he was a medical doctor writing in a field in
  in Collision consisted of ancient manuscripts from    which he had no formal credentials. That is, he
  ill over the world, many of which told of calami-     had not been trained to recognize the boundaries of
  ties, cataclysms, day or night prolonged (in some      the "paradigm". The paradigm is defined as a series
 cases to several times the normal duration), calen- of •~niversally recognized scientific achievements
 dars which no longer worked (often with consider-       (in a given field) that for a time provide model
 able detail), rescheduling of festivals because of     problems and solutions to a group of practition-
  the adoption of new calendars, etc. What made all     ers."(9) The paradigm is in effect a world view,
 of this necessary, he said, was that, at some time     and its boundaries outline for the practitioners
 before 1500 BC, Venus was formed from a lar?oe mass    both what the universe contains and, equally im-
 expelled (initially in the form of a "comet') from     portant, what it does not contain. Further, the
 Jupiter. In due course this body was in a rather       paradigm theories explain how this universe oper-
 eccentric orbit, with aphelion near the orbit of       ates. (10)
 Jupiter. The planets Earth, Moon, and Mars were not       The second reason why the scientists reacted as
 in their present orbits at that time. From numerous they did against Velikovsky is that he addressed
 references Velikovsky deduced that the terrestrial     his message to the general public, in a series of
 year was originally 360 days in length. In the mid- books. As he cue through the boundaries of the par-
 dle of the second millenium BC the comet-like Venus adigm with a double-edged axe, it is little wonder
 came very close to Earth on two occasions, 52 years that there was violent reaction in the scientific
 apart. There were earthquakes, floods, volcanic        col:'.munity.
 eruptions, and a seeming never-ending darkness,           We often hear of references co what is usually
 caused by volanic dust, etc. This was, he said, at     called the "scientific method". Traditionally,
 the time of the Exodus of the Israelites from Egypt. the process involves first, acquisition of some
 At this time, about 1500 BC, Thera, a volcano north data, then formulation of a theory to describe
 of Crete, erupted, bringing to an abrupt end the       what is going on, and hopefully, to suggest furth-
 Minoan civilization on Crete. Following these cala- er data to look for. From time to time it becomes
 mities, there were several hundred years of respite necessary to modify, or sometimes abandon, the ini-
 for the people of Earth. However, all was not tran- tial theory in favor of another, and the process
 quil elsewhere in the Solar System. Venus and Mars     continues. It doesn't always work out that way, as
 at some time came close together: later, Mars and      we shall see.
 Earth came very close to colliding. According to          An excellent example of the scientific method in
-Velikovsky, these two close encounters l)f Earth and action is Newton's Law of Gravitation. This was
 Mars were in 747 and 687 BC.They were not as disas- satisfactory for about two hundred years. Eventual-
 trous as the two encounters with Venus, due to the     ly, several phenorr.ena were observed which were not
 much greater mass of Venus.The details of the chan- explained satisfactorily by Newton's Law; for ex-
 ges of orbits of Venus, Earth,Hoon and Mars are too ample, the advance of Mercury's perihelion. ~lost of
 involved to discuss here; however, there is an ex-     these phenomena were explained early in this cen-
 cellent account of them in Velikovsky Reconsidered. tury, when Einstein's Theory of Relativity was pub-
 Velikovsky also cited evidence suggesting that, in     lished. It was presently found that Newton's Law
 addition to changes in orbital period, there were      was a special case of Einstein's more general law,
 also changes in the lunar month, and in the loca-      and was applicable when the speed of the system was
 tion of the poles.                                     low when compared with the speed of light.
     Any astonomers who may be reading this will no        Another interesting example is that of the nature
 doubt consider Velikovsky's statements on astronom- of light. Some observations showed that light con-
 ical subjects to be absurd, and will wonder why I      sisted of waves; other data suggested that light
 bother to discuss the subject. This discussion is      consisted of discrete particles, or corpuscles. It
 not addressed to them, but primarily to those read- was not until the Quantum Theory was published in
 ers who, for a variety of reasons (which I will not 1900 that this was resolved. It was shown that
 go into here), consider Velikovsky's ideas to be       light consisted of waves of finite duration, or
 quite good. Space does not permit including all of     quanta. They were both partly right.
 the arguments for and against; these are listed in        In the foregoing examples, the data or facts them-
 the various books cited in this article.               selves are normally not in dispute. If there are
     In Earth in ueheaval and in three later books by   not enough data, efforts are made to obtain more.
 Velikovsky.~ediaus and Akhenaton (5), Ramses and       Problems occur when even the basic data are uncer-
 His Time (6), an Peop"Tes of the Sea (7), the auth-                                 (Continued on next page)
  (Continued from previous page)
 cain, dispuced or questioned.A good example of this
                                                       THE PARADIGM OF ASTRONOMY UNDER ATTACK
 is the matter of Egyptian chronology, described          Two universe-shattering announcements during the
 above.                                                same week must have put a crack in the paradigm of
    Almost all of Che research going on Coday is with- astronomy.
 in che scope of the paradigm, and is basically aim-      On May 4, 1986, the Chicago Tribune reported that
 ed ac increasing our knowledge of thac part of the    astronomers now say that the }1ilky Way is much smal-
 "universe" included in it. To investigate phenomena ler than previously believed and the sun and its
 noc explained by the paradigm, or in parts of the     planets are closer to the center of the galaxy than
 "universe" not included in it, would tend to threat- anyone had thought. The National Science Foundation,
 en the paradigm itself. Those supporting the para-    which sponsored the work, stated that an internat-
 digm tend co look on such activities as anti-         ional team of scientists used advanced geometry for
 science and those working on it as non-scientists.    the first time to measure distances in the galaxy.
 Naincenance of Che paradigm requires that students    The new technique has reduced the size of the Milky
 entering Che field be taught, in effect, where the    Way from a generally accepted diameter of 100,000
 boundaries of the paradigm are, and the sort of re- light years to about 70,000 light years, and meas-
 search activities which are considered to lie with- ured the sun co be 23,000 light years from the cen-
 in the universe of the paradigm. It has become the    ter of the galaxy, rather than the 33,000 light
custom, in chis century, for new discoveries to be     years as previously thought. The astronomers made
co=unicaced to others in the field by means of         their observations between 1980 and 1982 by pooling
papers, seminars and professional journals. Pub-       the reception of several radio telescopes located
 lishing of books directed at, or accessible to, the in New }!exico, West Virginia, Massachusetts and
general public is frowned on. In some fields a pro- California. Correlation of the 100 billion pieces
fessional jargon has been developed, used somewhat     of data obtained has just recently been completed.
as a "sacred language", to make even simple con-       The report states that the new measurements are
cepts incomprehensible to those who do not know the expected to have a major impact on many aspects of
jargon.                                                astronomy.
   From time to time observations are made which the      The Chicago Tribune for }lay 8, 1986 reported that
paradigm cannot easily explain. For a time these       astrono~ers have found evidence of a mysterious
are, in effect, swept under the rug, and ignored.      object in space that could be che most massive in
Eventually, especially when the areas of research      the universe. According to the data, the object ap-
advance cowards Che boundaries of the "universe"       parently contains about 1,000 trillion times the
of the paradigm, there are so many of these that       mass of the sun, or 1,000 to 10,000 times the mass
they cannot be ignored any longer. Eventually the      of the ~!ilky Way galaxy. The object has not been
paradigm itself is under attack. There is a blur-      seen, but its presence was shown by the effects of
ring of vision in looking ac the boundaries of the     its gravity. A team of astrophysicists at Princeto~
paradigm, and research formerly regarded as "beyond University made the find and reported it in the
che pale" is initiated. Also, problems previously      British journal Nature. They expect it will take a
regarded as unscientific are reexamined. Eventually year or more, if ever, to get a firm answer as to
the whole process scares over again, with a greatly what the object is.
expanded paradigm.                                        Announcements such as these should awaken the
   There are many subjects which are likely to be      public co the realization that the scientific com-
regarded as "beyond the pale" by Che scientific        munity is not infallible; that it does not have al:
community, if it bothers to look at them at all.       che answers as it claims; and that much of what is
These are ancient astronauts, UFOs, extraterres-       taken for granted as fact, is actually theory, yec
trials, Atlantis, pyramids, and ocher such fas-        to be proved or disproved.
cinating fields in which there are so many items          The new geometric technique for measuring dis-
not accounted for by the paradigm now in vogue,        tances in space should be a boon to space travel,
that the paradigm itself needs to be reexamined.       because it proves that the distances in space are
There is no rug large enough to cover up every-        not so great as believed, and if this is true, then
thing now coming to light. Thus, one purpose of        the cask of developing space-craft and energy sy-
my studies is to bring together in one place           stems for propelling them will take a different
many of the anomalies which have turned up, and        turn. As the universe "shrinks" due co more accur-
oresent them for the examination of both the           ate measurements, manned space travel outside of
scientists and the general public, so that a new       our Solar System appears to be achievable and can
paradigm, suited to the New Age we seem to be          explain why the ancient astronauts were able to
heading into, can be constructed.                      travel to Earth in times past.
                                                          It is suspected that the next "sacred cow" of .as-
References:                                            tronomy to be butchered will be the "expanding uni-
   (1) Dell ~ublishing Co., Inc. 1950/1965.            verse theory" - that the universe is constantly ex-
   (2) Dell Publishing Co., Inc. 1955/1965.            panding into space and that galaxies are becoming
   (3) Doubleday & Co. 1952.                           farther and farther apart. A prediction from a non-
   (4) By the Editors of Pensee, published by          scientist seems to be in order here: that the new
       Sidgwick & Jackson 1976.                        measuring techniques will prove that the firmament
   (5) Doubleday & Co. 1960.                           is fixed and that all matter in the universe revol-
   (6) Doubleday & Co. 1978.                           ves around a central point yet to be discovered.
   (7) Doubleday & Co. 1977.
   (8) Doubleday & Co. 1982.
   (9) "The Structure of Scientific Revolutions"
       by Thomas S. Kuhn, published by Phoenix-          ANCIENT SKIES is published bi-monthly by the
       University of Chicago Press 1962.                 ANCIE~T ASTRONAUT SOCIETY, 1921 St. Johns Ave.,
  (10) "The Secret Vaults of Time" by Stephan A.         Highland Park, Illinois 60035-3105 USA, for dis-
       Schwartz, published by Grosset & Dunlap 1978.      tribution to ics members. Tel. (312)432-6230.
On Hay 6, 1986, Sov1.et cosmonauts Leonid Kizim and     The Ancient Astronaut Society, founded in 1973,
Vladimir Solovev for the first time traveled be-        is a tax-exempt, not-for-profit corporation or-
tween two orbiting space stations. The historic         ganized exclusively for scientific, literary
journey of 1875 miles was made in a Soyuz T-15          and educational purposes.
spacecraft, dubbed a "space-taxi" by the Soviets.
MORE ON THE FLYING MACHINES OF ANCIENT INDIA          FAR-OUT PROPULSION SYSTEMS
  The Yantra Sarvaswaim of Rishi Bharadwaj is a          Part of President Reagan's Strategic Defense Ini-
valuable treatise of 40 chapters dealing with dif-    tiative (SDI) involves the development and testing
ferent types of machines. A manuscript copy of this   of extremely powerful lasers that could be directed
book is preserved in the Baroda Manuscript Library.   with very great accuracy to distant points in the
One of its chapters discusses the construction of     sky.When I consider the SDI, I ask why this machine
aeroplanes. This particular chapter on aeronautics    has to be used as a weapon - the technology that de-
with a coD1111entary by Bodhananda was published in   stroys spaceships may also be used to create them.
1959 by Sarvadeshiya Aryaprathinidhi Sabha, Daya-     A large, accurate, laser cannon could be used to
nand Bhavan, New Delhi-1. The initial portion of      direct energy to a spaceship so that the vehicle
the book lists 25 treatises on the atmosphere and     does not have to carry its own power plant.This con-
the environment. The construction of aeroplanes is    cept is not original with me; I read of it in A Step
discussed in the 24th section of the treatise (Yan-   Farther Out, by Dr. Jerry Pournelle. His description
thra Sarvaswaim).                                     of a las~launching system is as follows:
  Maharishi Bharadwaja recounted the works of the        "The basic design of the system comes from A.N.
earlier masters who had written on aeronautical to-     Pirri and R.F. Weiss, of Avco-Everett Research
pics. He says that a Vimana is a special vehicle        Laboratories. What they propose is an enormous
which can travel freely by itself on land, in water     ground-based laser installation consuming about
and through the sky, and they were more sophistica-     3000 megawatts. In practice, there would probably
ted than present-day aeroplanes. Eight types of Vi-     be a number of smaller lasers feeding into mir-
manas were constructed:                                 rors, and the mirrors would then concentrate the
                                                        beam onto one single launching mirror about one
  Sakthyudgama: to fly by means of energy extract-      meter in diameter. This ground station zaps the
                ed from the sky.                        spacecraft; the ship itself carries no rocket
   Bhoothavaha: the prime mover for which is the        motor, but instead has a chamber underneath into
                action and reaction of the Pancha-      which the laser beam is directed.
                bhootas - the five elements of sky,     "The spacecraft weighs about a metric ton (2200
                earth, water, fire and air.             pounds) and is accelerated at 30g's for about
  Dhoomayana:   powered by vapor from the ?Jurning      30 seconds; that puts it in orbit. While the cap-
                of fuel.                                sule is in the atmosphere the laser is pulsed at
  Sikhodgama:   powered by the burning of juices of     about 250 hertz. Each pulse causes the air in the
                trees, such as Sikhi and Srikharini.    receiving chamber to expand and be expelled rap-
  Amsuvaha:     to fly by means of stored solar         idly. The chamber refills and another pulse hits:
                energy.                                 a laser-powered ramjet."(l)
  Tharamukha:   to fly with energy from ball-like
                metallic lumps falling out of           A very similar idea is presented by Martin Caidin
                meteors to Earth.                    in his book Planetfall.(2) In his scenario, the
  Manivaha:     powered by the energy from mined     space shuttle era ends when scientists invent a
                metals and certain artificially      microwave energy beam that can transmit power to an
                made chemicals.                      ascending electromagnetically-propelled passenger
  Maruthsakha: energised by the wind.                spaceship. Although rather vague as to details, Mr.
                                                     Caidin believes, like Dr. Pournelle, that the heav-
  Under each category of Vimana, five different      iest and most complex machines of future space
types of vehicles were constructed.                  transportation systems will not leave the ground.
  Bharadwaja stipulates that a qualified aeronaut       In Han and the Planets(3), Duncan Lunan presents
(Vaimanik) must be the master of 32 principles laid a discussion c5rtfie problems inherent in the Avco-
down in the Shastras and understand the secrets of   Everett laser-launched spacecraft. He says that a
the machines. He must be well versed in manuevering ground-based laser can only provide power for ave-
the vehicle, as well as in the construction of it.   locity vector outward from the Earth's surface. The
  The special materials used in making the Vimanas   orbit resulting from such a launch will be in the
were described in various treatises, but today we    shape of an elongated ellipse with the perigee only
have no means of knowing the specific elements used slightly above the Earth's atmosphere. To avoid
and their mode of construction.                      early re-entry,the projectile must fire an on-board
  Gooda Rahasyam describes a method of rendering a   rocket to impart a velocity vector parallel to the
Vimana invisible, and the Aparoksha is a scanning    Earth's surface - a manuever called the orbit circu-
with "Rohini Rays" to visually observe approaching   larization burn. The rocket and its fuel may take
Vimanas not yet in sight.                            up too much space and decrease the payload.
  Sarapagamana Rahasyam descrices seven types of        Another "far-out" possibility discussed by Mr.
wind power and solar energy collected and stored in Lunan is the idea that future space stations may
the front portion of the Vimana to enable it to      possess some mechanism whereby payloads launched
move in a zig-zag fashion.                           from Earth may be physically hooked by cables or
  Parashabidagrahaka Rahasyam describes sound col-   "grabbed" by electromagnets and accelerated into
lectors in a Vimana which can intercept the sound    the right rendezvous course.
waves from another Vimana and make the speech of        I believe the illustration in Zecharia Sitchin's
its occupants audible.                               The 12th Planet(4) of a wall decoration in an Egyp-
  Roopa Karshana Rahasyam describes instruments in   tian tomb (See Ancient Skies 4:3) could represent
a Vimana which can detect the image of things inside a cone-shaped payload module of a laser-powered
another Vimana.                                      spacecraft, elevated above a tapering propulsion.
  Dik Pradarshana Rahasyam describes an instrument   module undergoing a maintenance inspection. The
to indicate the direction of approach of another     132 circles on each side of the vehicle could re-
Vimana, such as today's radar.                       present the clusters of circular mirrors to reflect
  The Brahamananda Sara gives certain guidelines     the pulses of laser light into the spacecraft's
for establishing communication with the beings on    propulsion chamber. Gregory Morris, 6221 Leahbun
other planets.                                    -  Lane, Knoxville, Tennessee 37919 CSA.
  T. Vita~a Kishore, 26-28-50 Jammi St., A.T.Agra-      References: (1) Ace Books, New York 1979; (2)
haram,U TUR - 522 004, I~1)IA. Society members in    Coward, HcCann & Geoghegan, 1974; (3) Ashgrove
India who would like to participate in a regional    Press, Bath, 1983; (4) Avon Books, New York, 1978.
meeting should contact Nr. Kishore.
