{"created_utc": "2026-09-15T20:50:06Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 398647, "source_ctime_ns": 1788588264175742030, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Ancient-Skies---Vol-10-No-3---1983-84.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788588264164192894, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Ancient-Skies---Vol-10-No-3---1983-84.pdf", "source_sha256": "58f7350a27c7e25f581de19c93082e882c73387cb18d69518e95c3b813f8c7c5"}

ANCIENT SKIES
                                         ff~wne                                     /.V
                                                                                   •


    Ollicial Logbook ol the Ancient Astronaut Society
                     (c) COPYRIGHT 1983 ANCIENT ASTRONAUT SOCIETY - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
VOLUME 10~ NUMBER 3 1921 ST, JOHNS AVE,~ HIGHLAND PARK~ ILLINOIS 60035 USA           JULY-AUGUST 1983
                                                                                                    1


ANCIENT ROCK-MOLDING TECHNIQUES                   high energy, or with plasma, which volatilized the
                                                     material when it was cut. Or, in some instances,
BY GERARDO LEVET>"                                   the energy or plasma petrified the sand through
                                                     the emission of hyperfrequencies which produced a
    There are several theories as to how the ancient resonant molecular phenomenon.
people carved intricate designs in hard stone and      Why do I say pistols? Because there are carvings
were able to construct huge stone structures with    in stone which depict the tools that were used. For
unbelievable precision. Perhaps the most commonly    example, the colossal Atlantean figures found at
accepted theory is the traditional scientific ex-    the archaeological zone of Tula in Mexico each car-
planation that the primitive people accomplished     ries such a pistol in the right hand.(See Figure 2)
these gigantic works by the use of hand tools,some   And,the use of such a pistol is depicted on a stone
stone and some copper or bronze. In my view this     column, also found at Tula. (See Figure 1)
theory is totally unacceptable, since many of the                                (Continued on next page)
materials are of extremely hard stone, such as dio-
rite, andesite,prophyry and granite.It is like try-
ing to cut a steel ball-bearing with a razor blade.
   Similarly,traditional science explains the trans-
porting of huge blocks of stone by thousands of men
using ropes and wooden rollers. However, when one
considers the terrain which was traversed, such as
the swampy regions of southern Mexico, it is highly
unlikely that the colossal stone Olmec heads, some
weighing up to 40 tons, could have been transported
in this fashion for 500 miles over mountains,across
deep rivers and through deep canyons.
   Another theory as to how the primitive people
worked the hard stone is that they first softened
the stone by rubbing it with the juice of a certain
plant. Colonel P. H. Fawcett mentions this in his
journal about his travels in the Mato Grosso in
Brazil. While perhaps this method could explain
some of the smaller carvings, it is doubtful if the
large works could have been done with this somewhat
primitive method. Further, we are concerned here
not with the superficial effects on the stone, but
with the cutting of the huge megaliths.
  Another theory is that of the French chemist, Dr.
Joseph Davidovits, who produced synthetic stone by
mixing aluminum and silicon powders and an alkaline
liquid to produce a molecular glue which hardens
into solid rock. The chemical reaction is similar
to the polymerization of some plastics. This is a
very interesting theory and could explain some of
the closely fitting stone walls, some with edges
that appear to have been beveled, such as with a
cement; but this does not explain the techniques     Figure 1 above is a
for cutting the large stones.                        drawing of the relief
   I would like to present my own theory as to how   carved on a stone column
the ancient people were able to cut the huge mega- at Tula, Mexico which
lithic stones    by the use of pistols with a very   shows the plasma pistol
                                                     in action.
*Mr. Levet is a mechanical engineer with several
patents in the field of machine design. He is co-
Director of the Mental Engineering Institute in      Figure 2 at right is a
Satelite City, Mexico and an investigator in the     drawing of the lower
fields of astro-archaeclogy, bio-energy, meta        portion of one of the
science and other advanced endeavors. His address    colossal figures at
is Apartado Postal No.636, Naucalpan, Eda.de Mex.,   Tula showing the plasma
MEXICO.                                              pistol.
  (Continued from previous page)
    I want to emphasize that the technology that the
                                                       MORE ON FORGING THE PHARAOH'S NAME
 "ancient astronauts" used cannot be compared with        In his book, The Stairway to Heaven, Zecharia
 our present scientific knowledge. The ancients had    Sitchin devoted one chapter to his research into
 achieved a level of science and technology that we    the discovery in 1837 of a cartouche in the Great
 are just noginning to learn about.                    Pyramid of Giza in Egypt which led Egyptologists
    I have referred to a "plasma" pistol. What do we   to conclude that the pyramid had been built by the
 know about the use of plasma today? Plasma is a       Pharaoh Khufu (called "Cheops" by the Greeks).
"highly ionized gas, or a fourth state of matter.        The supposed discovery was made by an Englishman,
 This means that if enough energy is applied to an     Col. Richard Howard Vyse, who was excavating at the
 atom of gas, its electrical bindings that maintain    pyramids in 1837 and reported that he had found the
 its electrons can be released, which can produce      cartouche in a remote chamber deep inside the Great
 kinetic temperatures of millions of degrees. The      Pyramid.
 plasma pistol, used with a high voltage of direct       An entire issue of Ancient Skies (8:2) was devot-
 curre~t and nitrogen gas under high pressure, pro-    ed to Sitchin's analysis of tneaocurnents and facts
 duces a jet of ionized gas, or plasma, of a very      surrounding Vyse's claim. After two years of care-
 high temperature that melts the rock and in part      ful sleuthing into old documents and records in
volatilizes it.                                        the British Museum, Sitchin concluded that the car-
    The drawing shown in Figure 1 is one of the best   touche was, in fact, a deliberate forgery, and a
 proofs which I have found of the use of a plasma      very clumsy forgery at that. Sitchin showed that
 pistol by the ancients. I discovered this small      Vyse and his unscrupulous assistants probably used
 carved relief on a stone column when I was doing     a source book which incorrectly spelled out the
 investigative research at the Tula site.To my know- hieroglyph for KH-u-f-u as RA-u-f-u. The cartouche
 ledge, this particular engraving has n.ever been no- found in the. pyramid contains the same misspelling.
 ticed by archaeologists or reported on before.          Sitchin stated that it was inconceivable that
    The carving represented in Figure 1 shows the      such an error could have been made by an Egyptian
use of the plasma pistol in action, melting or cut- scribe of the times of the Pharaohs.
 ting the stone. Clearly the crouching figure is us-     Thus, based upon the circumstantial evidence de-
 ing some sort of tool in his hand, which is emit-    veloped in his painstaking research, Sitchin con-
 ting a large amount of flame. The figure wears pro- eluded that the cartouche was a forgery and that
 tective clothing and equipment - notice what ap-     there is no direct evidence as to who actually did
pears to be a glass or plastic face shield - and      build the Great Pyramid at Giza.
a small tank is attached to his back, obviously to       But now, after 150 years, a long-dead eyewitness
 carry the energy or fuel to operate the plasma gun. has been brought forth to confirm Sitchin's con-
    If all this sounds somewhat far-fetched, then I   clusion that the forgery did, in fact, happen.
hasten to tell you the following: Mr. Howard H. Mc-      In April, 1983, Walter M. Allen of Pittsburgh,
Call, a professional engineer of Atlanta, Georgia,    Pennsylvania, prompted by an article he read which
attended my presentation at the 10th Anniversary      summarized Sitchin's forgery conclusions, wrote to
World Conference of the Ancient Astronaut Society,    Sitchin and told him that the forgery was actually
on which this article is based. Mr. McCall sent to    witnessed by Allen's great-grandfather, Humphries
me excerpts fr·om an article entitled "Georgia's      Brewer. Mr. Brewer was born in Box, Wilts hire, Eng-
Stone Mountain", by Willard Neal, in which the        land on February 28, 1817. He studied at the Uni-
author relates the history of the carving of a gi-    versity of Berlin and became a leading quarry mas-
gantic Confederate Memorial Monument into the side    ter and tunnel builder.
of Georgia's greatest tourist attraction, Stone          In 1837, Humphries Brewer was recruited by the
Mountain. Described as the world's largest monument, British Medical Service to go to Egypt to assist
the carving of four Confederate heros beside a horse in the construction of an eye hospital. The pro-
was accomplished in record time using a "new" carv- ject was abandoned, and Brewer joined the team of
ing tool - a thermo-jet torch, developed for use in Col. Vyse, who was then excavating, measuring and
granite quarries. The torch was an eight foot pipe    stone-blasting at the Giza Pyramids.
fed by three hose lines, one for kerosene, one for       While working for Vyse, Brewer had a dispute
oxygen and the other for water to cool the nozzle.    with Vyse's assistants, Raven and Hill, about the
The torch's flame could be adjusted to any tempera- painted marks inside the Great Pyramid. He said
ture up to 4,000 degrees F. When the intense heat     that faint marks had been repainted, and that some
strikes the granite, the moisture between the mole- were!!!!!· He had words with Hill and Vyse a n d ~
cules is converted into steam and explodes the sur- was barred from the site.
face, flaking off a bombardment of stone chips. It       In 1842, Humphries Brewer was invited by the
was stated that one such torch could remove as much University of Berlin to return to Egypt on a pro-
stone in one day as 48 men could do in one week us- ject, but Col. Vyse would not permit him to do so.
ing drills and wedges.                                   Humphries Brewer reported all of these facts in
    The torch operator wore a plastic shield over his letters to his father, who was disturbed by them.
face and earmuffs to protect his ears from the deaf-     The Brewer letters were kept in the family and
ening roar of the torch.                              in 1954 the information was given to Walter M.
    A torch half as large was used for the fine carv- Allen's mother, who told it to Walter. He then
ing, whose flame could be adjusted so thin as to cut recorded the information in his ham-radio logbook
along a pencil mark.                                  in which he was preparin~ a history of the family.
    Also it was reported that the jet flames glazed      Thus, Humphries Brewers eyewitness account pro-
 the surface of the surrounding stone, leaving a      vides confirmation of Zecharia Sitchin's conclus-
 "grayish glassy effect."                             ions based upon circumstantial evidence, that the
    Thus, once again, we have the proof that as our   Khufu cartouche in the Great Pyramid "found" by
own technology advances, we are more able to under- Col. Vyse is a forgery.
 stand and decipher the mysterious carvings and mark-
 ings in stone which are found throughout the world, Zecharia Sitchin is currently engaged in the pre-
and which depict the advanced technology of a high- paration of Book III of his Earth Chronicles. The
 ly developed civilization, long-since vanished from first two books, The 12th Planetand The Stairway
 the Earth.                                           to Heaven are avairabieTn paperback from Avon
                                                      Books, New York 10019.
 SOME REFLECTIONS ON ANCIENT CIVILIZATIONS             The Chinese language is written in ideographs,
                                                       or picture writing. In breaking the ideographs
 BY VAUGHN M. GREENE*                                  down, Kang and Nelson found that many words seem
                                                       to be derived from the book of Genesis. Such words
      One of the factors which led to the formation of as "boat", "create", "spirit" and others seem to
   the Ancient Astronaut Society was to seek answers   describe events in the Old Testament. This is, of
   to questions which archaeologists cannot, or will   course, an interpretation placed upon the ideo-
  not, answer. One of these questions is: why, in ap-  graphs by the researcher~, but it is interesting
  parently isolated parts of the world, and often at   to note that ancient civilizations from remote
   the same time, did Sun God Empires suddenly arise   parts of the world appear to be discussing the
  from nowhere, all with the same basic religious be-  same events which happened on Earth in olden
   liefs and culture. The cultures in Japan, Peru and  times.
  Egypt are examples of this. The mythology which has  ¼Mr. Greene is the author of Astronauts of Ancient
  been handed down from these cultures all speak of    Japan and The 6,200 Year-old Spac~ Suit.7ris add-
  mighty beings called "Gods" who came down from the   ress is 54Ir"'t'lm ve., San Bruno, A94U°66 USA.
  skies. We feel that these myths had a real and com-
  mon origin; yet, conventional science refuses to
  seriously examine these "myths" for what they are:
  forgotten history.
     What was the common origin? Erich von Daniken
                                                        MYSTERIES OF GREEK MYTHOLOGY
  speaks of visitors from outer space - another solar      Although Greece is a small Mediterranean country
  system. Zecharia Sitchin writes about intelligent     it has achieved world-wide fame for its history
  beings bringing culture from another planet within    and mythology. Most people have some knowledge of
  our own solar system. Others discuss the subject in Greek history because of the Greek statues which
  terms of survivors of a natural catastrophe, such     embellish museums around the world. But few people
 as the "Great Flood," which destroyed the previous    know the significance of mythology in Greek his-
 highly-advanced civilization.                    .     tory, which has given much problem to archaeolo-
     What could have caused the world-wide deluge?      gists and historians alike.
 Some believe, as does W. Raymond Drake, ~hat an-         The finding of Troy by Schliemann and of Knossos
 cient highly-technological empires started a devas- by Evans have further added to the controversy of
 tating atomic war which annihilated mankind. Many     Greek history and mythology.
 myths speak of hybrid, or mutant, creatures who          The main sources for Greek mythology are the
 could have been formed as a result of exposure to     epics of Homer, the Iliad and the Odyssefi, and the
 radioactivity. We read of Centaurs, Giants, snake     books of Hesiod, Act"ancr-Dais, from whic we learn
 people in India, and plastic people in Japan.         about the technology and spiritual life of the
     Others, such as Immanuel Velikovsky, speculate    people of those times, and Theogony, from which we
 that Earth was hit by a comet which shifted its        learn about the life, banquets and other things
 tilt, destroying civilization and resulting in an     about the Gods.
 imbalance in the Earth's rotation. This imbalance        In the Homer epics we see the mixing of Gods into
 is believed to be due to the ice build-up at the      the affairs of human life. In the Iliad the Gods
poles. And, when enough ice builds up off center,      are taking part in wars, some of them assisting the
 the center of gravity shifts, causing the ice caps    Greeks and others the Trojans. But the interference
 to "slide", thus tilting the Earth to a new axis.     of Gods is not the exceptional element, because we
 It is speculated that such shifts occur approxi-      find this interference in the mythology of other
mately every 10,000 years and that the present one     countries. The exceptional element in Greek mytho-
is overdue.                                            logy is found in the sigma rhapsody at the meeting
     It is interesting to note in the June, 1981 is-   of Hifestous and Thetis.In this piece, Homer wrote
sue of the Cal~pso 7og, published by the Cousteau      that " ... gold therapenes appeared who stood by
Society, thataptain Cousteau points out that the       their master. They were like living girls having
 tremendous increase in the burning of fussil fuels    strength, voice and mind. They learned from Gods
on E~rth in the last 200 years has increased the       many things to do .... "
level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere by about        The description of "gold therapenes" suggests a
15 per cent. It is anticipated that this will more     kind of robot. But one could ask who told Homer
than double in 70 years and will expand eight-fold     about roootsin Hifestous' Palace? Certainly it
in 200 years. The carbon dioxide build-up will cre- was not a creation of Homer's imagination.
ate a "greenhouse effect" which will increase the         In Hesiod's book Act and DR!£ is a description
average temperature on the Earth and eventually        of a kind of robot,1n that       estous made its
melt the ice caps. This could create floods and        body, the sound and its beauty; Athena taught it
bring on another world-wide deluge.                    to weave; Aphrodite gave it the sex urge;and Her-
    Whatever caused the Great Flood, afterwards Sun    mes gave it his wickedness. Again, was this imagi-
Gods landed on Earth and started new e~pires. We       nation, or an actual account from an eyewitness?
suspect this not only from mythology, but also            Hesiod also said in the same book that Zeus had
from archaeology.                                      made four races before Hesiod's iron race. These
    While China and Jar,an were settled by entirely    were the gold race, the silver race, the copper
different groups of 'Sky Gods" their methods and       race and the heroic race. Is there an element of
appearances were remarkably similar to the Gods        some catastrophe that destroyed the previous races?
of Sumer, Siberia, Mohenjo Daro, Egypt and the            In another part of the same book, Hesiod wrote
pre-Inca Tiahuanacans. It is startling to find         that "there were thirty thousand deathless crea-
identical words in the different cultures which        tures that Zeus had sent to the Earth to be guar-
have the same meaning.                                 dians of the Earth people. Those creatures were
    If one examines the earliest Chinese civiliza-     flying in the air and could go everywhere on the
tion you will find a Babylon-type culture. And         Earth." Is this a reference to creatures living
some of the early "Yamato" royalty had a very          on Earth, or to a space colony that used flying
Mesopotamian appearance. In later times, a race        machines?
of giants lived in China - the pre-historic               There are many other elements in Greek mythology
"Giganthipus." Were these the giants mentioned in      which do not fit the standard explanutions and
the Bible? Were thay mutants?                          should be investigated.
    The recent researches of Rev. C.H. Kang and Dr.       Nick Katsinopulos, 38 Aristophanous Str.,
Ethel Nelson have brought forth a startling con-       Keratsini, Pireus, GREECE.
nection between ancient China and the near East.
THE TH I RD EYE                                         Lobsang Rampa wrote no more of his "astral initi-
                                                     ation." What else happened? What details did he
BY ENRIQUE BURMEISTER D.*                            omit? No one can know, but it opens our eyes to a
                                                     new and different point of view.
    Recently I read about the strange way of life       Erich von Daniken was told by the natives of Eas-
  (strange to us) of a Tibetan lama who became an    ter Island of the legend that the giant stone fig-
 abbot. An abbot is next to the Dalai Lama,the high- ures on the island "walked" to their places by
 est priest of the Tibetan religion. The real ident- themselves! That is difficult to believe. But with
 ity of the abbot is unknown, but he is called the   Lobsang Rampa's story in mind, one realizes that it
 Lobsang Rampa.He wrote the book The Third Eye which is possible that an errant planet could have hit
 explains the degree to which his relI'gron permittedthe Earth in ancient times, thus causing the catas-
 him to obtain a fascinating spiritual education,in- trophe which changed the entire topography of our
 cluding the operation in his forehead which opened  planet. Perhaps Easter Island is the remaining por-
 for him a "third eye."This "eye" enables him to see tion of a once great,lost continent. The giant fig-
 the aura that surrounds all beings.                 ures were not carved by the islanders, as many have
    Lobsang Rampa explains how he became one of the  claimed, but were "statues" built by the giants on
 "initiated ones",and was permitted to see the pecu- Earth before the catastrophe.
 liar technique of the monks to embalm a body. After   There are many indications that there were giants
 a two-week process, the goldsmiths covered the      living on Earth in the remote past. Not only does
 flesh with layer upon layer of thin, smooth gold,   the Bible tell about giants, but very large human
with exquisite attention to the slightest details,   bones have been found which do not fit the evolu-
 leaving a perfect gold figure, just as it looked    tionary process. Of course, anthropologists and
when alive.                                          archaeologists deny that the bones are human, be-
   Clairvoyance enabled Lobsang Rampa to "see" that  cause they are unable to explain their size, or
 strangers were about to come to their land and that where they came from. But if giant bones exist,
peace would disappear.The communists from China did  then certainly the giant race existed too.
arrive in Tibet and took over the country. But be-     Anyway, who can believe that the stone figures of
 fore the occupation, Lobsang Rampa, together with   Easter Island were carved by the local natives? On
three other abbots, were prepared for the _"final    such a small island, and with such a small popula-
initiation." They were led through corridors and     tion, the people would be too busy with the necessi-
down secret stairs underneath the majestic Potala,   ties of life and would not bother to carve and
home of the Dalai Lama. Down and down they went un-  erect figures of no practical use and that have no
til they reached a hidden temple.carved deep within  resemblance to themselves. Besides, the natives
the volcanic rock. It was cold, dark and silent.     themselves deny that their forefathers carved the
The air was thin and oppressive, but after going     figures.
through the crooked, narrow and descending passage-  *Mr. Burmeister, a student, is the son of Enrique
ways, they entered into a cavern. In the middle was  Burmeister, an Honorary Life-Member of the Ancient
a gleaming black house, as if made from polished     Astronaut Society. His address is Ave. Palmas No.
ebony. They entered the house through a high and     885, 4-14-1, Lomas Chapultepec, M. Hidalgo, 11000
broad doorway. Inside there were three black stone   Mexico D.F., MEXICO.
coffins which were open, with no covers. Lobsang
Rampa was breathless when he looked inside the cof-
fins. The principal abbot said, "look at them, my
son. Those were the gods of our Earth in the days
before the mountains. They lived when our land was
bathed by the sea and when different stars were
seen in the sky. Look at them. Only the initiated
ones have seen them."
   Lobsang Rampa's gaze was fixed on the three gold,
naked figures that lay before him. There were two
                                                        (
men and one woman. Every line and wrinkle, every
detail was clearly reproduced in gold. But the
size! The woman must have measured 10 feet (three
meters) in height and the men were at least 14 feet
(four and one-half meters). Their heads were large   r-_/) _- _       \_J
and somehow comic.Their mouths were small and thin-
lipped. Their noses were long and thin. The eyes
were sunken and seemed asleep.
   Suddenly I stopped reading. Where had I seen or
                                                       "~   (}>\'-
                                                               .          '
heard of such figures before. Then it came to me -                     .-
Easter Island! Fascinated, I continued to read.
   Lobsang Rampa began his "final initiation." His
astral perception captured the scene: Infinite cen-
turies ago, the Earth was populated by giants (just
like the ones he was looking at) and the Earth ro-
tated closer to the sun and in the opposite direc-
tion. Highly developed civilizations grew and men
were wiser than today. The days were shorter and      Strange markings on the Plain of Nazca, Peru
warmer. Somwhere from outer space a wandering plan-
et hit the Earth, knocking it out of its orbit and
causing it to rotate in the other direction (as it     ANCIENT SKIES is published bi-monthly by the
does today). The waters rose under different gravi-    ANCIENT ASTRONAUT SOCIETY, 1921 St. Johns Ave.,
tational forces and produced universal floods.         Highland Park, Illinois 60035 USA, for distri-
Earthquakes shook the Earth; some land sank beneath    bution to its members. Telephone (312) 432-6230.
the oceans, some land rose. Tibet, which was once
at sea level, erupted into the Himalayan Mountain      The Ancient Astronaut Society, founded in 1973,
range, with peaks up to 29,000 feet high. Once a       is a tax-exempt, not-for-profit corporation or-
warm, sea-bathed paradise, Tibet had now become a      ganized exclusively for scientific, literary and
forbidding, cold, remote country. Volcanoes erupted    educational purposes.
lava,and the giant race disappeared from the Earth.
