{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T16:35:42Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 77669, "source_ctime_ns": 1790328595725481948, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-02.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790328595722912211, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-02.pdf", "source_sha256": "c772c98b56764887567b18cb4948c9894d02c859de317273a1b4564e961c0b41"}

----------------------------------------------------------
  February 1990 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ----------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 9, No. 2
              Editor: Kent Harker


  PSYCHICS' 1989 PREDICTIONS FIZZLE
  by Robert Sheaffer

  [When psychics make predictions, especially at the beginning of a
  New Year, they count heavily upon our short memories for the
  howlers they habitually commit. Experience teaches that they are
  safe in that reliance. Except for BAS.

  Much to the consternation of the psychics, Robert Sheaffer, past
  Chair of BAS, keeps the predictions of the more notable
  practitioners, blows the cobwebs off with the dawn of the New Year,
  and tots up the score for us in this, BAS's annual psychic review.
  If one claims to be psychic, his or her predictions ought to be
  correct. If the predictions are NOT correct, well. . . .

  Robert is a software engineer and author of "The UFO Verdict" and
  "Resentment Against Achievement". These annual predictions go out
  to many other publications nationwide.]

  Northern Californians were told not to worry about a major
  earthquake in 1989. Fidel Castro did not die in a savage hurricane,
  a UFO did not crash in a Kansas tornado. Ted Kennedy did not marry
  Donna Rice, nor did Prince Charles suffer a nervous breakdown.
  These were just a few of many predictions that had been made for
  1989 by famous psychics, but were dead wrong, as chronicled by Bay
  Area Skeptics.

  At the end of each year, many well-known psychics issue predictions
  for the coming year. Twelve months later, they issue another set of
  predictions, conveniently forgetting those made the year before,
  which are always nearly 100% wrong.

  Many of the psychic predictions are so vague that it is impossible
  to say if they came true or not. For example, Jeanne Dixon's
  prediction that Senator Edward Kennedy "will have a hard spring and
  summer" dealing with doctors and lawyers is not clearly true or
  false. Many other "predictions" involve things that happen every
  year, or else are not difficult to guess, such as hurricanes in
  Florida, marital strife for Charles and Diana, or terrorist
  incidents. Many "predictions" simply state that ongoing events and
  trends will continue, such rising house prices, or conflict in
  Central America.

  Other supposed "predictions" are not really predictions at all, but


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  are actually disclosures of little-known events which are already
  under way, such as movie productions, business ventures, or
  developing scandals. Because questionable claims of having made an
  amazing prediction frequently are made in the wake of major news
  stories, Bay Area Skeptics only evaluates predictions that were
  widely known before the events they claimed to foretell. While some
  predictions did of course come true, especially those that were
  nonspecific, or not at all difficult to guess, not ONE prediction
  which was both specific AND surprising came true.

  The famous Washington, D.C. psychic Jeanne Dixon, who supposedly
  has a "gift of prophecy," predicted that Prince Albert of Monaco
  would announce his engagement, as would his son Prince Albert, that
  "Egypt's government will totter," that Eddie Murphy would get
  married, and that war would break out again in Korea. "The world
  will be rocked by a major earthquake during the first week of
  April." Some hospitals, she predicted, will start scheduling
  surgeries according to the phases of the moon.

  Televangelist Jimmy Baker would face "a short jail sentence": Baker
  actually received 45 years! Jeanne Dixon did indeed predict that
  the Berlin Wall would be coming down -- but not until the 21st
  Century!

  New York psychic Shawn Robbins predicted that Fidel Castro would
  die when "a Havana building collapses during a savage hurricane."
  She also predicted that Michael Jackson would become romantically
  involved with Robin Givens, resulting in Jackson being K.O.'d by
  Mike Tyson.

  Denver psychic Lou Wright predicted that Prince Charles would
  suffer a nervous breakdown, that Charles Manson would escape from
  prison, and that Barbara Walters would successfully negotiate the
  release of an American hostage in the Middle East.

  St. Louis psychic Beverly Jaegers, who claims to be able to make
  accurate stock market prophecies, predicted that a UFO would crash
  during a Kansas tornado, resulting in three dazed aliens being
  taken into custody by National Guardsmen. She also predicted a
  major riot in Washington, DC between pro and anti-smoking forces,
  resulting in several buildings being burned down.

  New York psychic John Monti predicted that Ted Kennedy would -
  announce plans to marry Donna Rice, and that televangelists Jim
  Bakker and Jimmy Swaggart would meet, and get into a bloody
  fistfight.

  Here in Northern California, Psychic Astrologer Terrie Brill made
  a reassuring prediction that she repeated several times. She told
  the "San Francisco Chronicle" in August, "I predicted last year
  before the New Year on KGO radio and TV and KCBS that there would
  be a 5.2 earthquake this year with some aftershocks, but that I
  didn't see a major 7-pointer destroying the Bay Area."


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  Exactly two months and three days later, the Bay Area was struck by
  a magnitude 7.1 earthquake, causing great devastation. Brill had
  also predicted in December, 1985 that Reagan would not finish his
  term in office, a prediction that became false on January 20, 1989.

  Based on the continuing failure of the psychics to make accurate
  predictions over the years, Bay Area Skeptics urges everyone --
  including the media -- to exercise some healthy skepticism when
  psychics and other purveyors of the paranormal make extra-ordinary
  claims or predictions. Anyone who swallows the psychics' claims
  year after year without checking the record is setting a bad
  example for students and for the public.

  It is important to note that no psychic succeeded in predicting the
  genuinely SURPRISING news stories of 1989: the Berlin Wall coming
  down, and the unraveling of Communist power throughout Eastern
  Europe; a major destructive earthquake with its epicenter in Santa
  Cruz County, closing the Bay Bridge; and the sudden death of Andrei
  Sakharov. These major news stories were so unanticipated that
  someone would have had to be truly psychic to have predicted them!
  Given the number of so-called psychics out there, one would expect
  that at least a few of them would have correctly predicted these --
  unless, of course, all such claims of psychic powers are without
  foundation.

  Bay Area Skeptics is a group of people from all walks of life who
  support the critical examination of paranormal claims, such as
  psychic powers, UFOs, astrology, Bigfoot, biorhythms, etc. Similar
  skeptics' organizations are active in many other areas of the
  country, including southern California, New York, Colorado,
  Illinois, Arizona, Texas, and Ohio. The Committee for the
  Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP) is an
  international skeptics' organization, made up of many famous
  writers, scientists, and investigators, such as Martin Gardner,
  Stephen Jay Gould, James "The Amazing" Randi, Isaac Asimov, and
  many others. Similar skeptics' groups have also formed in many
  foreign countries, including Australia, Canada, France, the United
  Kingdom, Mexico, and India. All of these groups cooperate in making
  their findings available to other researchers, and to the public.


  TREASURER'$ REPORT

  BAS has realized one of the more prosperous years of its history in
  1989. Our subscription base and contributions have been stronger
  than ever. While most small organizations teeter on the financial
  brink and are therefore forced to use far too much time and energy
  chasing badly needed funds, we have enjoyed the benefits of
  relative financial security. The freedom that gives us to
  concentrate effort where it is more effective is powerful and
  deeply appreciated.

  We extend special thanks to those who have made contributions above
  the regular subscription rate. These extra funds have made it

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  possible to pay for enhancements to the newsletter that would not
  otherwise have been possible. We have been able to replace an aging
  phone recorder and pay for simple office supplies.

  The energy of a lot of very dedicated people, too many to name,
  have helped us achieve some significant goals. Thank you everyone.
  We look forward to a banner 1990.

  Income:
  ------
  Beginning balance $1,559.84
  Contributions        $1,153.50
  Subscriptions        $6,544.75
                ---------
  Total            $9,258.09
                =========
  Expenses:
  --------
  Bank fees             $37.65
  Printing          $2,909.79
  Postage           $1,741.86
  Phone              $300.57
  Hall rental & equipment $592.35
                ---------
  Total            $5,582.22
                =========
  Year-end balance: $3,675.87
                =========


  FRAKNOI ON KGO

  [The following is an excerpt of the KGO (San Francisco) radio Jim
  Eason program of Nov. 9, 1989 with guest BAS board member Andy
  Fraknoi. Andy is a frequent and very popular guest. He is the
  director of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific. (John Taube
  recorded and transcribed this portion of the show).]

  Eason: One more quick question and we will get back on the phone.
  This may not be a quick answer but it is a quick question. Can you
  tell me, definitely, once and for all, exactly how this was all
  created?

  Fraknoi: In 25 words or less?

  E: Can you give me a definite answer as to how this all can about?

  F: No. And I think you would be very disappointed if I could.

  E. All right. Then why do you get so upset when somebody says they
  have a theory called "creation"?

  F. Well, very carefully. I think most astronomers DON'T feel
  uncomfortable at all with the idea of creation. The "big bang"

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  which we talk about, is this big explosion which we think made the
  universe as it is today, is a creation event. There is nothing
  really incompatible with ideas of creation and evolution.

  Where scientists get [upset] is the idea that it all happened 6,000
  years ago, that life did not evolve, but life was placed here,
  one-by-one, carefully as in a jigsaw puzzle. That is the sort of
  thing where we are absolutely contravening all the evidence of
  hundreds of years of investigation. That's what the creationists
  want. They want to go back to a very strict fundamentalist view of
  religion, supplanting what we teach in science. I think that is
  where the disagreement is. The disagreement is not between creation
  and evolution: it's between this narrow fundamentalist view that
  says the world was created in seven days, in 4004 B.C., on October
  23, which in fact is their date. That sort of narrow view is what
  we disagree with, but that is what they want us to teach.

  E: When I was a young fellow back in North Carolina going to Sunday
  School, I used to hear about the creation of the universe and the
  world and so forth. It was explained then -- and this goes back
  years and years ago -- as the Bible says, a day is to God as a
  1,000 years. So a day is a relative term and nobody nailed down
  that 4,000 years. It happened for about 100 years. I think you guys
  are way out of date.

  F: No that's not true. You just have to go to San Diego and go to
  this place called the Institute for Creation Research and they are
  writing about dates like 6,000 years ago, 10,000 years ago. You
  just have to read their literature. Now you are right -- the kind
  of intelligent people who think carefully about religion and
  science don't find much problem there. For most people the Bible is
  allegorical. It is not a science text book -- that almost is an
  insult to the Bible to call it a science text book. It is a great
  work about morality, about history, about spirituality. It is not
  a word-for-word description of scientific events. And to take when
  you say seven days and make it literally seven [twenty-four-hour]
  days or say that it happened so few years ago is a tremendous
  disservice to religion as well as to science.

  E: But the people who say that the world was created 4, 5, or 6
  thousand years ago, and insist on that, I think are a definite
  minority. I don't know too many people who believe that.

  F: That's right. And the interesting thing -- if you think God in
  all of her wisdom could have created the world four thousand year
  ago, why not two minutes ago, right in middle of Jim Eason show?
  The world was created with all the memories of the past put in our
  heads to begin with?


  SPEAK UP!

  There is a "flood of occult nonsense", says Hal Draper from
  Berkeley. He recognizes the monumental task of counteracting it and

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  suggests we expand our outreach. Limited resources are, of course,
  the primary problem: time, money and bodies. Still, he suggests
  that we might be able to avail ourselves of some free air time
  through "free speech" slots offered by some local TV stations. Our
  $11,000 challenge is a catchy item, one that could stir media
  interest and give us an opportunity.

  We need two things to do this: (1) a spokesperson, and (2) a
  statement. If YOU would like to get involved, write a free-speech
  statement that could be delivered in 60 seconds or less. Send your
  suggestion to the Editor, Box 32451, San Jose, CA 95152. We will
  choose the best one, or make something of a composite from several
  to come up with what we think would be an exceptional bit and then
  try to schedule some air time. If you or someone you know has
  outstanding delivery and credible self-presentation, include his
  or her name with your submission.

  Do it now or you'll forget it.


  RANDOM WISDOM
  by Bob Steiner

  Sorting through the accumulated papers on my desk, I fell to musing
  about the enormous amount of wisdom contained therein. I will give
  you just a sampling.

  Ready?

  -- "SUPPRESSED C.I.A. DOCUMENTS PROVE U.S. POSSESSES REMAINS OF
  U.F.O.'S & ALIEN BEINGS"

  Our last 8 Presidents have been in on "The Ultimate Cover-up"

  Now for the first time, all the facts about this "cosmic Watergate"
  are being released to the public because you have a right to know
  the truth!

  This was an ad for "MJ-12 & THE RIDDLE OF HANGAR 18", on the back
  cover of the Winter 1989-90 issue of "Caveat Emptor".

  -- "Section 5702: Trade or Business Property. The phrase `property
  used in the trade or business' means (1) property used in a trade
  or business." (Commerce Clearing House: "Federal Tax Guide 1990".
  Chicago: Commerce Clearing House. 1989, 2128.)

  This gives great clarity to an otherwise confusing term in the -
  Internal Revenue Code.

  -- "Just as there are not atheists in foxholes, there are no
  skeptics of big government in the wake of an earthquake or
  hurricane. They all fall to their knees before the Federal
  Emergency Management Agency and shout, `I believe!'" (Jacob Sullum:
  "Disastrous Relief." "Reason". January 1990, 6.)

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  -- "Miss, n. A title with which we brand unmarried women to
  indicate that they are in the market. Miss, Misses (Mrs.) and
  Mister (Mr.) are the three most distinctly disagreeable words in
  the language, in sound and sense. Two are corruptions of Mistress,
  the other of Master. In the general abolition of social titles in
  this our country they miraculously escaped to plague us. If we must
  have them let us be consistent and give one to the unmarried man.
  I venture to suggest Mush, abbreviated to Mh." (Ambrose Bierce:
  "The Devil's Dictionary". New York: Dover Publications, Inc. [1911]
  1958, 88.)

  "Palmistry, n. The 947th method (according to Mimbleshaw's
  classification) of obtaining money by false pretences.
  It consists in `reading character' in the wrinkles made by closing
  the hand. The pretence is not altogether false; character can
  really be read very accurately in this way, for the wrinkles in
  every hand submitted plainly spell the word `dupe.'"

  The imposture consists in not reading it aloud.


  RAMPARTS

  [(Ramparts is a regular feature of "BASIS", and we welcome your
  participation. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your
  local scene and send them to the Editor. If you want to add some
  comment with the submission, please do.)]

  Bill Hoch clipped from the S.F. "Chronicle" a tidbit about a
  Tahitian spiritual healer who killed a patient while healing her.
  His cure, worse than anything the poor woman could ever have had,
  consisted of "walking on her, beating her and jumping up and down
  on her stomach."

  So much for the notion that faith healers can't make you any WORSE.


  If some Christians are in the lion's den lately, they only have
  themselves to blame. The spectacle of Oral, the two Jims (who give
  new meaning to our word "jimmy"), and Tammy sobbing rivers of
  mascara have almost been surreal. As they trucked Bakker off to
  prison, his ever-credulous followers prayed, believing that there
  would be divine intervention, loosing him from the manacles in a
  dramatic, supernatural reprieve.

  As painful as it is to be witness to this circus, only money and
  credulity suffered the worst trampling in the abuses of those
  charlatans. "BASIS" has reported some real heart-rending tragedies
  that are permanent: the victims of the faith-healing cults.

  The Christian Scientists -- who are anything but scientists, and
  less than Christian in the way they treat their sick children --
  are finally getting their just desserts. California is in the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  vanguard of the nation in setting aside notions that somehow
  Christian Science could be exempted from the responsibility of
  parents to attend to the health and well-being of their children
  under the theory that state intervention is restraint of the free
  exercise of religious liberty. If parents fail to take prudent,
  tested measures for the care of a child, they may be judged liable
  if harm comes despite the banner in which the negligence is
  wrapped.

  BAS secretary Rick Moen clipped a piece from the S. F. "Examiner"
  that related some testimony in a State Assembly hearing on the
  practice of faith healing. Stunned committee members listened --
  actually, watched -- to a woman communicate by sign language how
  she lost her hearing at age seven because her "Christian Science
  parents [refused] to seek medical help." She "explained how the
  pain in her ears had grown day by day, but her parents had told her
  it was a lack of faith that had led to her illness."

  The 37-year-old woman was part of a group called to testify in
  hearings before the Assembly vote on AB2325, a measure introduced
  by Assemblyman Nolan Frizzelle. The measure would "prohibit
  prosecution of parents whose children die of illnesses or injuries
  treatable with modern medicine, and exempts faith healers from
  reporting cases of suspected child abuse." The bill didn't pass in
  the first half of the session and was up for reconsideration when
  the second session convened in January.

  Frizzelle urged that religious freedom is at issue in the measure -
  - the precious freedom that is part of the foundation of American
  democracy.

  In reply, Rita Swan, a former member of the cult who had lost a
  child to meningitis, said, "Does the committee really believe that
  Christian Science can heal bacterial meningitis? Some of us would
  rather have our children back than all the religious freedom in the
  world."


  The "San Francisco Chronicle" ran a report about financial advisor
  Alan Feinstein who turned to the subscribers of his own financial
  newsletter to solicit "participants in a project `Operation
  Indigo'."

  He said that over 5,000 people paid $10 (and two stamped,
  self-addressed envelopes) to get a "three-page letter marked
  `confidential' that tells them to look up at the sky at precisely
  at 10 p.m. EDT on June 29 and spend a full minute repeating the
  questions: `Is there any way we can communicate? Can you send me a
  sign of your existence?'"

  For the next couple of weeks the participants were to write down
  any "unusual events, thoughts or dreams" and send their accounts to
  Feinstein who would then send the result to all the other
  participants.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  What this was to accomplish was not revealed.

  Feinstein would probably send them the results from the veranda of
  his new condo on Aruba, from where he is sipping mint juleps.


  From the pages of the "Contra Costa Times" (11-24-89) comes another
  article sent by Rick Moen. This one is a book review. We could
  hardly have prepared ourselves for this, although we can suppose it
  was inevitable: "Astrological Gardening".

  Then again, it is no more a shredding irrationality to suppose that
  the compulsions of the heavens have their sway on the flora than it
  is alleged they do on the fauna. Originally, only the fate of Homo
  sapiens fell under the purview of the zodiac. After some centuries,
  confederations of humans -- kingdoms -- were adjudged to have a
  starry destiny. In our own time other select members of vertebrate
  taxa have become the focus of oracles trying to widen the scope of
  their clientele with pet astrology. Rover could be a lion, or a
  fish, or a sheep.

  The author of the book, Louise Riotte, whom the "Times"
  characterizes as "off the beaten path," assures readers that "her
  method is legitimate."

  ". . . every detail of a plant's and animal's development is guided
  by the zodiac," she advises. "Aquarius, for example, rules the base
  of the plant stem, while Virgo oversees the process of digestion in
  the plant." If it is legitimate, one will surely find the evidence
  in any college-level botany text.

  By the time our table has been set with crops farmed organically
  and tuned through propitious aspects we won't need any
  chiropractic, holistic medicine, or acupuncture.


  EDITOR'S CORNER

  Psychics are notorious for explaining away their failures. This
  problem often exists with those who claim they are doing legitimate
  scientific research in parapsychology laboratories. When
  replication attempts by skeptics fail they have excuses. They cry
  conspiracy and claim they have a new paradigm. But they have
  failed, in over 100 years of concentrated study, to produce a
  workable theory of "psi".

  A man gave me the "arm test" when I volunteered in a paranormal
  "experiment" to show the weakness caused by having my "aura" cut.
  He began by pushing down at the wrist of my horizontally
  outstretched arm. Then he "sliced" my aura with a sweeping vertical
  movement of his hand. The arm test was again administered and he
  asked me if it had not been easier for him to push my arm down
  after he whacked up my aura. My negative reply drew this

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  observation made to the rest of the participants: "The test was
  inconclusive."

  He then gave the same test to a female subject. She concurred that,
  yes, it had been easier for him to push her arm down after he cut
  her aura, to which he proclaimed the test a success and the result
  confirmed.

  Heads I lose, tails he wins.

  Open mindedness

  Many of those swept up in the anti-intellectualism of the past
  fifteen years talk as if science, with a capital "S," is some
  monster. Our challengers often accuse us of being narrow minded to
  the point that the only thing that matters to us is science, or
  that we behave as if there is no validity to non-scientific
  questions. Science recognizes that only material questions can be
  tested in a scientific way. This simply puts metaphysical things
  outside the venue of science. The very nature of science forces the
  focus on the material. Love, devotion, ethics, art appreciation,
  etc. are all immaterial, and science recognizes the validity of
  these areas of human concern and interest. Life would be dreary if
  there was only science.

  Those who are not familiar with skeptical literature often
  challenge: "Well, if there really is nothing to this psychic
  business, where does it all come from? There are so many people who
  have had extraordinary experiences that there just has to be
  SOMETHING to it."

  This is the where-there's-smoke-there's-fire argument. Psychic
  ideas arise in the same way any others do. Anything that is
  imaginable has its purveyors, no matter how asinine. There is no
  limit to the audacity of human concoctions. Critical thinking
  skills are scarcely taught in our schools. Few people are
  interested in looking at what they think and how they think it.

  Unaided, we are poor at finding cause-effect relationships. Herein
  lies the power of the scientific method -- it gives procedures by
  which we can OBJECTIVELY establish careful links between cause and
  effect.

  Supernatural causes

  The ancients had gods to explain nature -- gods for everything.
  When something went awry, it was because they had failed in some
  propitiatory offering, or they had neglected some ritual, or any of
  a myriad of complex reasons they had to make sense out of the
  senseless. It is much easier to postulate some mysterious force
  than to search for the real cause. Atlas is easier to understand
  than gravity. (Most of those gods have succumbed to a disease that
  is always fatal to deities: uselessness.) The psychic is a
  dressed-up-in-modern, 5th-century shaman, with the same

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  prescientific mysterious forces, energies, and emanations.

  Since the scientific approach to a question seeks to eliminate
  clouding emotion, people sense the scientific approach as cold and
  unfeeling. From the viewpoint of those not disposed to a scientific
  way of examination, the emotional component of a question is likely
  to be as important as reality itself. An example of this came to me
  as I listened on my car radio to a man from the Southwest Radio
  Bible Church. He said that if evolution is correct, there is no
  value to anything -- as if human value judgments bore the greatest
  weight upon truth. He said that if he were to "believe in
  evolution, you'd better watch out. I would steal all your money,
  rape your daughters when I felt the whim, and kill anyone who got
  in my way." I felt happy that he is a Christian.

  Many require some institution or extrinsic motivation to control
  their behavior -- a lamentable mortal trait. Love, kindness,
  gentility, and honesty in dealing with others are moral attributes
  independent of any institution or philosophic persuasion.
  Skeptics want to know the truth. If the truth is harsh, do we want
  a glitzy veneer to insulate us from it? Isn't harsh truth better
  than sweet sophistry? We want hard answers to hard questions. We
  demand evidence more compelling than ones wishing and hoping.

  Is skepticism negative?

  Another common criticism is that skepticism is negative. Some have
  commented that "BASIS" is negative. This is quite wrong. Voicing an
  objection or a critique can be a very positive thing. Often, the
  easiest way to attack error is from the "negative." It is usually
  much easier to prove that a statement is false than true: a single
  negative example can suffice to disprove, whereas no finite number
  of positive examples can serve to prove.

  An important function of BAS is our work in combating fraud, a kind
  of consumer protectionism. It was not too long ago when we read
  that faith healer Peter Popoff has filed for bankruptcy in federal
  court. We did something very positive: saved many people from his
  fraud. I am delighted to hear him rage against the "secular
  humanists that use Satan's power to thwart God's purposes."
  Pointing out what is wrong can be a useful metier.

  It is a red herring to charge that if one hasn't a solution to a
  problem he or she must not talk about it. One doesn't have to be a
  surgeon to know that something, maybe life-threatening, is wrong.
  We may not know how to fix the serious fiscal problems in the
  country, but that should not stop us from railing against fiscal
  irresponsibility in government. It is a cop-out to sit back and say
  nothing until we have a proposal to fix things. Besides, if
  everyone screamed that something is wrong and we want some expert
  to do something, it might get done.

  We must accentuate the positive, but that doesn't mean we should
  ignore the negative. Error, if blissfully ignored, will run

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  roughshod over the positive. There is a kind of entropic principle
  here that says error, left to its own, will increase and swallow -
  everything. False concepts must be resisted at every turn or the
  world will drown in the darkness of error.

  Conclusion

  The history of human intellectual achievement is one of violent
  struggle against the inertia of intellectual sloth. We are more
  given to feelings than to thought. If something affects our well
  being and sense of security it will have a much better chance of
  succeeding in the marketplace of ideas than what may be hard
  reality.

  We mortals are no different from an electric current: most will
  take the path of least resistance.


  SAME OLD SHROUD, SAME OLD TRICKS
  by William Bennetta

  In the December 1988 issue of "BASIS" I described a shrine, at the
  Corpus Christi Roman Catholic church in Port Chester, New York,
  that was dedicated to veneration of the Shroud of Turin. The shrine
  had been created by Father Peter M. Rinaldi, who was the pastor of
  Corpus Christi from 1950 to 1977.

  Rinaldi is one of the most conspicuous devotees of the shroud in
  the United States, and he has been promoting it vigorously for
  several decades. He has declared unequivocally that it is the cloth
  in which the corpse of Jesus was wrapped for burial, and he has
  insisted that the images on the shroud must have originated
  supernaturally. He also has tried to further those beliefs by
  writing several booklets that enlist pseudoscientific claims and
  severely misrepresent legitimate scientific work. Rinaldi's
  booklets carry such titles as "When Millions Saw the Shroud" (1979)
  and "I Saw the Holy Shroud: A Study of the Shroud of Christ"
  (1983). They rely heavily on false or distorted information and on
  the Top-Scientists-Stumped approach to miracle-mongering.

  As my readers may recall, I visited the shrine at Corpus Christi
  during the very week (in October 1988) when the national press
  reported that the shroud had been discredited by radiocarbon
  dating: Tests performed with the cooperation of Roman Catholic
  authorities had indicated that the cloth was no more than 750 years
  old.

  About a year later, in November 1989, I returned to Corpus Christi
  to see how, if at all, the results of the radiocarbon work had been
  accommodated or had been conveyed to the faithful. I was
  accompanied, as I had been during my first visit, by my brother,
  Bob.

  There had been no obvious changes in the shrine, nor had there been

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  any modification or moderation of the claims made on the placards
  that attested to the shroud's authenticity as a relic of Jesus's
  death and resurrection. A close inspection showed, however, that
  there was indeed something new: A new placard hung in a recess so
  dimly lighted that I used a flashlight to read and transcribe what
  the placard said. Here is the whole of it; the initials P.M.R.
  doubtless denote Rinaldi:

      On the Shroud: Questions and Answers

      Q: What is being planned for the Shroud?

      A: A new series of tests is in the planning stage. The
      carbon-14 test, which recently dated the Shroud to the
      14th century A.D., in no way solved the mystery of the
      astounding image of Christ on the cloth.

      Q: What makes the image so mysterious?

      A: It is the only such portrait of the dead Christ known
      to exist in the world, a portrait which by right should
      not as much as exist, since it is really not made of
      anything. No artist's brush has touched the Shroud. There
      is not the least trace of any coloring substance on the
      image of that battered, crucified body except where the
      open wounds left reddish dark stains which have
      positively been identified as blood stains. Even more
      extraordinary is the fact that the portrait, a
      shadow-like imprint over the entire length of the cloth,
      is a perfect photographic negative, and is
      three-dimensional. Experts claim that the image could
      only have been produced by a process akin to scorching.

      Q: Does this mean that the image could be the result of
      a miracle, such as a sudden burst of light or radiant
      heat at the instant of the resurrection, as some people
      have theorised?

      A: Scientists are not comfortable with miracles. What
      they look for is a natural, scientific explanation of the
      Shroud image. So far, none has been found.

      Q: But if the recent carbon-14 test dated the Shroud to
      the 14th century A.D., then surely some medieval artist
      must have produced the portrait.

      A: There are scientists who question the validity and the
      results of that test. They will undoubtedly call for a
      new carbon-14 test should the forthcoming research on the
      image prove in a positive way that no artist in the
      middle ages or at any time could produce such a portrait.

      Q: Will the mystery of the Shroud ever be solved?


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
      A: Scientists admit that they never will be able to prove
      the Shroud's authenticity in a definite, conclusive way.
      It is known that even the Church never officially stated
      that the Turin Shroud is Christ's actual burial cloth.
      There will always be a margin of doubt as to the origin
      and the nature of this mysterious object.

      Actually, it is just as well that it be so. Our faith in
      the Lord Jesus does not depend on the Shroud's
      authenticity. At best, the Shroud is only a sign of our
      faith and hope in Christ. Pope Paul VI put it
      beautifully: "Aside from what scientists and researchers
      have said or may yet say about the Shroud, this
      incomparable portrait of the Man of Sorrows will continue
      to touch the minds and hearts of people for ages to come.
      It will speak to them of the boundless love of Christ for
      mankind, for `He has loved us and sacrificed himself for
      us' (Eph. 5:2)."

      In this is all the value, all the importance of the Turin
      Shroud. --- P.M.R.

  So Rinaldi was still up to his old tricks, starting with that
  first, dramatic declaration: The radiocarbon tests had "in no way
  solved the mystery of the astounding image of Christ on the cloth."

  What "mystery"? If the "mystery" was the question of how the images
  had been formed, then Rinaldi's declaration was both inane and
  misleading. The radiocarbon tests could not have elucidated that
  question, nor had anyone expected them to do so. The tests were
  intended merely to establish the age of some linen, and they showed
  that it had been made from flax that had grown in the 13th or 14th
  century.

  But perhaps the "mystery" that Rinaldi had in mind was the question
  of whether the cloth was the shroud of Jesus? In that case,
  Rinaldi's declaration was simply false: The radiocarbon tests had
  dispelled that "mystery" by soundly precluding the possibility that
  the cloth and Jesus had existed at the same time.

  Several other statements offered on Rinaldi's new placard were
  comparably misleading or false, and I decided to enlist the help of
  an expert in analyzing them. I sent Rinaldi's whole text to Joe
  Nickell, the author of "Inquest on the Shroud of Turin" (1983;
  Prometheus Books), and I asked for his comments. Here is an excerpt
  from Nickell's reply:

      Father Rinaldi's statements are unfortunately rather
      typical of those of today's shroud devotees. They pay lip
      service to science while hinting at the miraculous and
      repeating half-truths. . . .

      Rinaldi maintains that except for the "blood," the shroud
      lacks "the least trace of coloring substance," yet

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
      [Walter C. McCrone Associates, a prestigious research
      company in Chicago] actually discovered artists' pigments
      -- notably red ocher and vermilion -- on the image.
      Indeed, McCrone conducted a "blind" study which showed
      the ocher was a significant component of image -- but not
      off-image -- areas.

      Rinaldi further asserts that "reddish dark" stains "have
      positively been identified as blood stains." He doesn't
      mention that the identification resulted from
      questionable procedures or that the stains repeatedly
      failed the accepted, standard tests of internationally
      known forensic serologists. Real blood, of course, does
      not remain red for nearly two millennia, nor does it
      contain vermilion.

      Neither is the shroud image "a perfect photographic
      negative"; instead it has only the quasi-negative
      qualities that could result from an artistic rubbing
      technique used in conjunction with a bas-relief
      sculpture. Nor is the "three-dimensional" quality quite
      what Rinaldi represents it to be. A microdensitometer
      plotting of its lights and darks actually reveals a
      grotesquely distorted profile, and it was only through a
      series of dubious "corrective" factors that visually
      pleasing results were obtained.

      As to the radiation-scorch hypothesis for the image
      formation, that was discredited long ago. For one thing,
      real scorches exhibit reddish fluorescence, whereas the
      shroud images do not fluoresce at all.

      In fact, the shroudologists are bereft of any viable
      hypothesis for the image formation, but by attempting to
      shift the burden of proof to skeptics -- who have
      repeatedly been refused access to the cloth -- they
      continue to foster the "mystery" of [this] medieval fake.
      Creating doubt about the radiocarbon dating is merely an
      additional part of that approach.

  Rinaldi's final dodge -- in which he says that the religious value
  of the shroud does not depend on its being authentic -- seems to
  echo what the archbishop of Turin said in 1988, when he announced
  the results of the radiocarbon dating.

  I cannot understand why Rinaldi, if he really shares the
  archbishop's view, feels compelled to mislead his followers and to
  misrepresent what scientists have done and what scientists have
  learned.


  "I PREDICTED LAST YEAR [1988] BEFORE NEW YEARS ON KGO RADIO AND TV
  [SAN FRANCISCO] AND KCBS THAT THERE WOULD BE A 5.2 EARTHQUAKE THIS

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  YEAR WITH SOME AFTERSHOCKS, BUT THAT I DIDN'T SEE A MAJOR 7-POINTER
  DESTROYING THE BAY AREA."

  -- Terri Brill, Psychic Astrologer,
  "San Francisco Examiner", August 14, 1989 [sixty-three days before
  the earthquake].)


  FALSIFIABILITY CONTINUED
  by Earl Hautala

  [(A rebuttal of the "Editor's corner," Dec. "BASIS")]

  Einstein had something to say about the validity of mathematics
  which relates to Euclid's axiom about "points": "As far as the laws
  of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far
  as they are certain, they do not refer to reality."

  Whitehead and Russell in "Principia Mathematica" tried to derive
  mathematics from the canons of logic. It didn't succeed as well as
  they hoped. No less an authority than Irving Copi ("Symbolic
  Logic") says that the business of logic has to do with making VALID
  inferences, ASSUMING that the premises are true. We cannot deal
  with "formal" systems concerned with making inferences until we
  agree on the definitions of the subjects and predicates.

  Definitions suffer from problems like the messier aspects of
  biological experimentation. We find that people have "individual
  variation" in their use of words. In order to close the "universe
  of discourse" relating to the terms "big" and "Mafioso," we have to
  reach agreements about who would qualify for either of these
  verbalisms. (Do "capos" count, or does a "big" mafiosi have to be
  the head of more than one family?)

  Until such preliminaries are worked out in detail to the mutual
  satisfaction of the contending parties, the proposition "Most big
  Mafiosi are blood type O" is as non-falsifiable as "Most X's are
  Y's." Since I have no indication that such preliminary definitions
  have been reached, I would have to err on the side of skepticism.
  As I read the proposition, it stands as non-falsifiable.


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Kent Harker, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Kate Talbot, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


  CALENDAR
  February meeting . . .

  Satanism, by Jim Peron
  Wednesday, February 21, 7:30 pm
  Free Forum Books

  Free Forum Books is at 1800 Market Street, San Francisco. The 101
  overpass to Franklin cannot be used (earthquake). Instead, go from
  City Hall west on Market to Octavia. From Divisadero, go east to
  Octavia. Street parking is simple at that time of evening. You may
  also park around the corner at the U. C. extension for a couple of
  bucks.

  Watch for coming events in the BAS CALENDAR, or call 415-LA TRUTH
  for up-to-the-minute details on events. If you have ideas about
  topics or speakers leave a message on the hotline.

  WARNING: We STRONGLY URGE that you call the hotline shortly before
  attending any Calendar activity to see if there have been any
  changes.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  SATANISM AND CHILD ABUSE

  Hardly a day goes by when we don't read of Satanic murders or the
  sexual abuse of children during a Satanic religious ritual. It is
  the staple of certain daytime talk shows and sells plenty of
  tabloids when they're not otherwise busy with end-of-the year
  predictions or libeling movie stars.

  Jim Peron, who has long studied this phenomenon, suggests that
  there is something considerably more sinister than breakfast table
  titillation. It is a means to oppress minorities. Jews, during the
  Middle Ages, were often accused of ritual child sacrifices.
  Similarly, sexual minorities are being accused of the same violence
  today.

  Are there REAL Satanic cults ready to do violence to our
  unsuspecting youth? Is it all a red herring? Is there a political
  agenda behind the accusations? Is it simply a commercial
  attention-getter by the unscrupulous?

  Join fellow skeptics at Free Forum Books in San Francisco and hear
  Jim Peron expand on this important (and current) theme with
  examples from history and the modern world and judge for yourself.
  See the "Calendar" for directions to the meeting.

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the February, 1990 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or on
  the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1990 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA
  94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
