{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T09:30:40Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 63898, "source_ctime_ns": 1790219728165626822, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-03.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790219728157435816, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-03.pdf", "source_sha256": "806bd6f260a3d1d86fd034ddcad596977b0f1fa619d56a9ec607766d9eb1c036"}

-------------------------------------------------------
  March 1989 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 8, No. 3
              Editor: Kent Harker


  DEGREES OF FOLLY: PART II
  by William Bennetta

  [Part I of this article ran in our February issue. Here is a
  summary:]

  By law, no postsecondary school in California can award degrees
  unless the school has been certified by a recognized accreditation
  agency or has been approved by the superintendent of public
  instruction (the chief of the State Department of Education). To
  gain his approval, the school must show academic resources and
  programs comparable to those at accredited schools that offer the
  same degrees.

  In 1981, when the superintendent was Wilson Riles, the Department
  approved the granting of MS degrees in biology, geology,
  "astro/geophysics" and science education by the ICR Graduate School
  (ICRGS), an arm of the Institute for Creation Research. The ICR is
  not a scientific institution. It is a fundamentalist religious
  organization and is avidly committed to creation-science, the
  fundamentalist effort to devise quasi-scientific "evidences" that
  the Bible is an accurate book of history and of science. In its
  literature, the ICR calls itself a complex of "ministries" and
  lists the ICRGS as one of these. The president of the ICR and the
  ICRGS is Henry Morris, a preacher and former engineer.

  In 1987, after the superintendency of the Department had passed to
  Bill Honig, the ICR sought renewed approval. During the preceding
  few years, "creation-science" and the men who purveyed it had been
  repeatedly discredited by scientists and jurists. An especially
  potent analysis had been issued in 1982 by Judge William Overton,
  of the federal district court in Little Rock, when he ruled
  unconstitutional an Arkansas law that would have put "creation-
  science" into public schools. Overton showed that "creation-
  science" was simply biblical religion in disguise, and he denounced
  specific misrepresentations made by preachers from the ICR. By
  1987, nobody could have made a serious inquiry into the ICR or
  "creation-science" without finding that both had been exposed as
  fakes.

  In August 1988, the Department sent a five-man committee to assess
  the ICR's degree programs. The committee's report, dated 5 August,
  was baloney. It omitted or obscured anything that might have
  disclosed the nature or aims of the ICR and the ICRGS, and it


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  promoted the fiction that the ICR did scientific work. It mentioned
  "creation-science" only once, in a throw-away line; it never told
  what "creation-science" was. It never told that the ICR itself
  called the ICRGS a religious ministry. It attributed "academic and
  research capabilities" to the ICRGS's faculty, even though no
  academic or research achievements had been claimed in the ICRGS's
  application. It ended with: "The committee recommends to the
  superintendent by a vote of 3 to 2 that full institutional approval
  be granted."

                         PART II

  The farcical report by the committee that had visited the ICR was
  signed (on its last page) by six men; and even the way in which it
  was signed was fatuous. The five members of the committee were
  denoted by their names alone, with nothing to tell who they were,
  what their professions were, where they worked, or why they might
  have been able to assess degree programs in science or science
  education. The reader learned only that they were "Dr. George F.
  Howe, Dr. Stuart H. Hurlbert, Dr. Robert L. Kovach, Dr. G. Edwin
  Miller, Dr. James A. Woodhead."

  The signature of the sixth man, Roy W. Steeves, bore the cryptic
  note "For PPED." Steeves was in fact an assistant director of the
  Private Postsecondary Education Division of the State Department
  of Education, and he not only had recruited the committee but had
  managed its proceedings. The report did not tell this, nor did it
  describe the proceedings.

  The report was not the last word, however, nor had integrity drawn
  its last breath. The two committee members who had voted against
  approval -- Woodhead and Hurlbert -- decided to furnish Bill Honig
  with individual accounts of what they had seen.

  On 16 August, Woodhead sent to Honig a two-page letter. It was on
  stationery of the Department of Geology at Occidental College, and
  its signature block identified Woodhead as the chairman of that
  department. The text said, in part: "One problem with the course
  of study at ICR is that the curriculum is quite restricted in each
  of the science departments, apparently as the result of the small
  size of the faculty. (1) A more serious problem is that course
  titles . . . do not actually represent course contents as indicated
  by the corresponding syllabi. The result is that students'
  transcripts must be misleading to other educators or potential
  employers.

  "The major problem . . . is that the teaching of scientific method
  is entirely ignored. Laboratory equipment and computing facilities
  are almost entirely lacking, and hardly any classes include
  laboratory components. A glance through the catalogs of any of the
  schools the ICR considers to be comparable shows that in every
  instance laboratory work is an essential part of the scientific
  curriculum. (2) Yet students working for advanced degrees at ICR
  do so without laboratory segments in their classes. . . .

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  "On another level, though, I wondered how ICR can expect its
  students to successfully challenge the results of modern science
  if they are not taught scientific method. For that reason I spent
  a large part of my time during the three days of our visit perusing
  masters' theses. . . . I looked at seven or eight . . . and found
  them, as a group, to be dreadful. . . .

  "The topics chosen were, in general, much too broad for masters'
  theses, and their scientific contents were much too thin. For
  instance, how can second-year graduate students be expected to
  debunk all of the current understanding of geochronology,
  sedimentation or the propagation of light. . . ? In the first
  example, the student exhibited a near total misunderstanding of the
  principles of radioactive decay as applied to geochronology and
  [had] obviously never done any geochronological work; in the
  second, the student used the time-honored technique of `proof by
  blatant assertion' to place all of sedimentation within a
  catastrophist framework; (3) and in the third, the student's
  argument for the existence of an `ether' to support the propagation
  of light in a vacuum was just plain stupid. . . . At worst, the
  students cannot write decent theses because, first, they do not
  understand scientific method, probably because the faculty members
  do not understand it themselves or are precluded from teaching it
  by the tenets of ICR, (4) and second, they do not have the
  requisite background in mathematics, physics and chemistry. . . ."

  The other dissenting member of the committee, Hurlbert, sent his
  observations to Honig, on 26 August, in a 37-page document showing
  all the features that had been absent from the committee's own
  report: clarity, candor, rigor and care. The document was on plain
  paper, but its title sheet identified its author as a professor in
  the Department of Biology at San Diego State University.

  In his introduction, Hurlbert repudiated the report of the
  committee, saying that he had had little influence on its content
  and that he did not consider himself to be an author of it. The
  rest of his text comprised twelve major sections. Here are some
  items:

  On page 2, in his section "Flaws in the review process," Hurlbert
  noted that the review involved very complex issues, yet the
  Department had invoked its standard procedure: "Five persons who
  were unknown to each other . . . were asked to meet, discuss,
  interview, reflect, read, analyse, argue, deliberate, and write a
  final report, all within a 48-hour time period. . . . Perhaps such
  a schedule suffices for reviews of more traditional organizations.
  But ICR is a politically controversial, radically unconventional
  institution with marginal qualifications and an anti-science
  philosophy."

  On page 3, in the same section, Hurlbert told that the materials
  distributed to committee members before their visit did not include
  curricula vitae of the ICRGS's faculty. So ". . . about ten days

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  before our site visit, I requested that the [Department] arrange
  for a full set of complete curricula vitae to be sent to each VC
  [visiting committee] member. I was told this was not possible. .
  . ."

  "Three sets were made available to us at ICR and we scanned them
  as time permitted. However, most . . . were very incomplete, many
  being nothing more than one-page summaries of the sort that might
  be given to a journalist preparing an article on ICR. . . . ICR
  seems not enthusiastic about having complete curricula vitae of
  its faculty members inspected by outsiders."

  On page 5, under "Problems in the report of the Visiting
  Committee," Hurlbert told how the report had not disclosed the
  ICR's major purposes and had naively parroted the ICR's claim to
  having programs in science. Yet the primary purpose of both the ICR
  and the ICRGS were clear in documents that the committee had seen:
  "to teach `creation science'; to increase the number of `creation
  scientists' with conventional (in name) graduate degrees in
  science; to foster the teaching of `creation science' in private
  and public schools by increasing the number of teachers trained in
  the subject. . . ."

  On page 7, in the same section, Hurlbert noted how the report said
  that the ICRGS's courses "attempt to present a two-model evaluation
  addressed to the origin of life." He commented: "This is the most
  misleading statement in the VC report. It suggests there is a
  balanced and fair presentation of the evidence and the differing
  interpretations of it. Virtually all of the documentation and
  testimony support exactly the opposite conclusion. . . ."

  Starting on page 12, Hurlbert quoted from eight statements
  indicating "that the highest scientific, educational and judicial
  bodies in North America are in full agreement that `creation
  science' is non-scientific." One statement was the decision by
  Judge Overton. The others came from such bodies as the National
  Academy of Sciences, the Academic Senate of the University of
  California, and the American Chemical Society. All had been issued
  before 1986.

  (Hurlbert did not say, but maybe should have said: All those
  statements were in the public record and had been available to Roy
  Steeves. If Steeves had made any effort to prepare the members of
  the committee, he surely would have furnished significant material
  from the existing literature about their subject: At the very
  least, they deserved to be warned that they would be visiting a
  known den of charlatanry. But Steeves had made no such effort.)

  On page 17, under "Conventional scientific interpretations are NOT
  `fairly presented in ICR courses,'" Hurlbert told this: "One of
  the students interviewed misinterpreted a QUESTION from the VC
  about WHETHER a fair balance of viewpoints on origins, etc. was
  presented. . . . He thought we were SUGGESTING such balanced
  presentations should be the norm. He objected strongly to the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  supposed suggestion, and seemed unaware that -- according to the
  claim in ICRGS's Application (p. 3) -- he had been the recipient
  of balanced presentations." (5)

  On page 21, under "Purposes of ICRGS are religious, not
  scientific," Hurlbert said: "ICRGS's claim that its purpose is `to
  discover the truth about the universe by scientific research. . .'
  is inaccurate. By ICR's own testimony, all the major truths
  relating to `origins' are already known and are given in the Bible
  and in the ICR tenets. . . . The Absolute Truth is already known
  to them and ICR's primary purpose is to disseminate it."

  On page 24, under "Misrepresentations of weaknesses in ICRGS
  program": "Most of the faculty members have doctoral degrees,
  though often not in the fields in which they are teaching and
  advising students. The archetype in this regard is Dr. Henry
  Morris. His doctorate is in civil engineering. Yet he teaches a
  course (Advanced Studies in Creationism) that treats the `origin
  and history of the universe, of the solar system, of life, of the
  various forms of life, and of man and his cultures . . . using data
  from paleontology, astronomy, biochemistry, genetics, . . .' Dr.
  Morris has no formal training or practical experience in any of
  these fields."

  On page 25, in the same part: "According to [the dummy catalog
  submitted with the ICR's application], `The Master's program in
  Biology trains students in the nature and origin of the living
  state through a broad background in all areas of vertebrate
  biology.' The statement is quite odd. One would not expect the
  study of vertebrates to shed much light on the origin of life. But
  of course from ICR's point of view, each `kind' of vertebrate
  originated fully formed from the hand of God. That is the only
  opinion that ICRGS staff and students are allowed to hold."

  "It is complete misrepresentation, however, to claim that the
  program provides `a broad background in all areas of vertebrate
  biology.' Aside from the course in Human Biology, ICRGS does not
  offer a single course in vertebrate biology. Not one!" (5)

  After explaining more misrepresentations mounted by the ICR,
  Hurlbert said: "The ICRGS program severely violates the trust
  placed in it by the students. The students are misled into thinking
  that with the skeletal curriculum and facilities provided by ICRGS
  they can put a small stone in a sling and upend some nasty,
  humanistic, evolutionistic Goliath, some large body of conventional
  scientific evidence and theory.

  "[Henry Morris] was quite frank in stating to the VC that he likes
  the students to take on these big topics because the resultant
  theses can then be used to produce creationistic publications. .
  . ."

  "The students are deceived in many ways. They are encouraged to
  think that the selective quoting of `authorities', selective

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  neglect of evidence, setting up and demolishing of straw men, and
  adhering to prescribed opinions regardless of the evidence all are
  valid modes of scientific analysis."

  So the truth was known. Woodhead and Hurlbert had told it. And
  Hurlbert -- by describing the ICR's antics in detail, and by
  supporting his account with examples and quotations -- had written
  the report that the committee should have written. (6) Indeed, he
  had written what the committee probably WOULD have written if the
  committee had been responsibly prepared for its task and had been
  allowed to operate with diligence, integrity and care.

  (I learned about the operation of the committee when I sought
  answers to obvious questions: Given that the committee's report was
  incompetent, false and misleading, why had Hurlbert signed it? Why
  had Woodhead signed it? Why had ANYONE signed it? I shall tell the
  answers, and shall tell the real objective of the committee's work,
  in Part III of this article.)

  Honig evidently did not see the committee's report, or the
  dispatches from Woodhead and Hurlbert, until late October or early
  November. That is what he said when, on 10 November, he met in
  Sacramento with three members of the committee: Woodhead, Hurlbert
  and Howe. (He had invited all five members, but Kovach and Miller
  could not attend.)

  Honig was not pleased. He knew that something was foul; he seemed
  intent on ensuring that the ICR would not gain approval if its
  programs were bogus; and he wanted the committee members to
  reconsider what they had seen and how they had voted.

  It was unlikely that anything could make Howe reconsider, for Howe
  was the ICR's man. (Indeed, he had been among fifteen people whom
  Henry Morris, in a letter sent to the Department on 7 June 1988,
  had recommended for the committee.(7) He brought to the November
  meeting a 17-page document, addressed to Honig, that purported to
  refute Hurlbert's account. It was typed on plain paper. It showed
  Howe as its author, described him in a footnote as "a research
  scientist," but did not cite any affiliation. (Howe worked at The
  Master's College, a religious school in Newhall.)

  Howe's text had two parts: a statement in which he urged Honig to
  approve the ICR, then a 13-page letter from Henry Morris. (The
  letter was addressed not to Honig but to Howe, at Howe's residence;
  again, there was no hint of his affiliation.) Morris, pretending
  to answer some of Hurlbert's charges, repeated some of the ICR's
  usual evasions and throw-away lines. Example: ". . . we have only
  a small resident faculty, but each member has a terminal degree in
  his fields, plus extensive research and teaching experience."
  (Recall: Hurlbert's issue was not whether the ICR men had degrees
  in "their fields" but whether "their fields" were the fields in
  which they were teaching. As for their experience: Where were the
  curricula vitae that would describe and document it? Morris did
  not say.)

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  The meeting did not yield any definitive changes, but it evidently
  confirmed Honig's suspicions, bolstered his determination to avoid
  participating in a sham or a scam, and suggested that he might
  resolve the case by turning to Kovach, the professor of geophysics
  at Stanford. Kovach already had seen Hurlbert's dissent; and in
  late November, the Department sent to him other documents providing
  information that had not been presented (or had not been
  considered) during the committee's proceedings in August. Kovach
  would examine those documents before talking with Honig.

                      End of Part II

                         NOTES:

  1. The ICR's application to the Department showed a "regular
  faculty" of eleven men, including the librarian. These eleven
  ostensibly ran three departments of natural science and a
  department of education.

  2. In its application, the ICR had to name, for each of its
  programs, an accredited institution that offered a comparable
  program. In science education, the ICR compared itself to the
  University of Wisconsin; in geology, to San Jose State; in biology,
  to San Diego State; and in "astro/geophysics," to the University
  of Toronto, the University of Colorado, the University of Texas at
  El Paso, Colorado State University, and the University of
  California at San Diego!

  3. "Catastrophism," in the lingo of "creation-science," means
  explaining geological phenomena as relics of Noah's Flood. The
  Flood itself is disguised as "a catastrophe" or "a worldwide
  catastrophe."

  4. All functionaries of the ICR must make an annual commitment to
  the tenets of both "scientific creationism" and "biblical
  creationism," as listed in the ICR's bylaws. The tenets of
  "scientific creationism" include declarations that life did not
  originate through natural processes but was made directly by a
  supernatural Creator; that "Each of the major kinds of plants and
  animals was created functionally complete" and did not evolve; and
  that the first humans were specially created in fully human form.

  5. Emphasis in the original.

  6. For a free copy of Hurlbert's document, write to him at the
  Department of Biology, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA
  92182.

  7. When I talked with Roy Steeves on 17 January 1989 about the
  recruiting of the committee, Steeves was not sure whether he had
  got Howe's name from Morris's letter or had independently found
  Howe by surveying college catalogs.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  DETHRONING THE GOD-MEN OF INDIA
  by Yves Barbero

  [B. Premanand passed through the Bay Area in December as part of
  his tour of the U.S. and Canada. The Governor of India's CSICOP
  lectured in San Francisco and Palo Alto (at Stanford). He had much
  to say about the exploitation of the unlettered in India. Much of
  what he had to say applies to the lettered of America as well.]

  A magician of the first water, a dazzling showman, a bouncing
  personality with an earthy wit, clear intelligence and a mind with
  razor-sharp rationality are just some of the ways Mr. Premanand can
  be described.

  Premanand noticed at age 8 that people "possessed" by God jumped
  around like mad men. "Was God mad?" he asked himself. He said that
  this was the beginning of his doubts.

  This prominent author and lecturer heads the 100,000-strong
  Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the
  Paranormal (India) and has been tackling the so-called god-men of
  India most of his sixty-plus years. If he didn't have the solid
  honesty he possesses, he could easily make millions as a god-man
  himself. He knows all their tricks and devices but makes a business
  of replicating them to expose these frauds to the Indian public
  instead.

  His dislike of the god-men's dishonesty, and his sympathy for the
  poor and dispossessed whose lives are made miserable by them have
  made Premanan their bane. They fear and hate him so much that his
  life has been in danger more than once.

  He gave this portrait of the typical god-man.

  They usually use very simple tricks that can be bought in a local
  magic shop or which are a skill that anyone can learn and perform
  if he or she understands basic physics. For example, Premanand
  discovered that you can hold a flame near your skin for about three
  seconds before it burns, so anyone can pass a torch back and forth
  on the arm without danger. It's simply something that few people
  would try. At age nineteen (1946) he tried the flame trick. He
  warns, however, that if you have a flowing beard, as he does, you
  should keep the flame away from it! Hair burns immediately. He
  showed us another god-man trick he bought in a magic shop in which
  it seemed he had an inexhaustible supply of ashes materialized from
  thin air (which, he said, the god-men claim are those of cremated
  humans): he distributed some to every member of the audience (some
  150 persons).

  Skepticism is necessary in India as a simple matter of social
  justice.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  God-men are usually managed by professionals, who make a point of
  keeping doubters and skeptics at arms length. Often, the god-men
  are not very bright or manage to say the wrong thing, so their
  trick is "holy silence." Meyer Baba was such an example (there is
  a U.S. branch of that group, still going strong). On the other
  hand, keeping quiet may not be so dumb.

  Reputation is all important to the god-men, and they take advantage
  of it. Premanand tries to destroy their reputation by replicating
  their tricks and then exposing them in the press. (Borrowing from
  this principal, I've been offering a free computer astrology
  printout to anyone who sends Bay Area Skeptics a stamped envelope.
  Naturally, I also send a copy of "BASIS", too. This upset a local
  astrologer in the extreme since I was giving away what she sold.)

  They often take advantage of their connections with government. In
  one case, a god-man gave a valuable jewel to the female relative
  of an important judge. Since the jewel "materialized," it was not
  considered a bribe.

  No god-man has ever created anything without the movement of his
  body. By striking the hand of a performing god-man at just the
  right moment, Premanand has exposed the tricks of more than one of
  them.

  No god-man has ever been shown to be immortal, despite their claims
  to the contrary. Need we say that at some point they all die.

  For the last 26 years Premanand been associated with American
  skeptics. Like James "The Amazing" Randi, he offers a $10,000 prize
  (100,000 Rupees) for anyone who can demonstrate, under monitored
  conditions, psychic powers. Like Randi, he has not had to pay.

  India has a "good law," Premanand pointed out. No one is allowed
  to publicize a supernatural power. The law is more honored in the
  breach, but it allows him to sometimes use authority to embarrass
  god-men.

  Premanand attempted to use India's Gold Control Act against one of
  the most famous god-men, Satya Sai Baba, who allegedly makes gold
  from thin air; Premanand suggested this was in violation of the
  Gold Control Act which regulates the manufacture and distribution
  of gold. Apparently, materializing gold was not considered
  manufacturing according to the court which ruled against Premanand.
  But it allowed him to make a point about the idiocy of the god-
  men's claims.

  In America, psychic phenomena are often considered chic or may be
  the butt of jokes in academic circles, but in a country of such
  poverty as India, believers are often asked for great sums of money
  by god-men in exchange for miracles. The only way the average
  person can possibly raise this money is by borrowing from local
  loan sharks at rates reaching 360 percent. They are often in debt
  for life after that and become indentured servants, or they sell

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  their children in some form of slavery. Skepticism, as a result,
  is necessary in India as a simple matter of social justice. It is
  more than an academic exercise.

  The meeting was one of the more successful we have had. There were
  over 150 in attendance.

  B. Premanand's address is:
  CSICOP (India)
  10, Chettipalayam Road
  Podanur-641 023, Coimbatore
  (Tamilnadu) INDIA


  ANTHROPOSOPHICAL MEDICINE
  by Dan Dugan

  Don Henvick and I recently joined a congenial group of about 30
  people for a lecture on anthroposophical medicine (AM) by Dr. Joop
  van Dam, M.D., visiting from the Netherlands. The audience included
  a broad span of ages and ethnic backgrounds. A flyer explained that
  anthroposophy is "a science and world view based on the knowledge
  of the spiritual world that Rudolf Steiner (1861-1925), its
  founder, acquired and perfected through conscious development of
  those higher faculties that slumber within every human being."
  Anthroposophical medicine claims twelve hospitals and hundreds of
  clinics in Europe which are fully recognized and funded by state
  and private medical insurance plans. AM is practiced only by
  licensed physicians and therapists, of which there are now 45 in
  the U.S. The handout also announced the formation of the "Michael
  Medical Clinic" specializing in AM, to open temporarily in Castro
  Medical Clinic in San Francisco. The clinic is assisted by the non-
  profit Michael Group, Inc., and will be staffed by an internist,
  a family practice/AIDS M.D., and a eurythmist. (Eurithmy is a dance
  form created by Steiner.)

  Dr. van Dam was a low-key but engaging speaker. He announced his
  theme to be "Healing and Rhythm." He began by deploring separate
  medical specialties for body and spirit, asserting that every
  contact or interpenetration of higher and lower worlds creates a
  rhythm, and that every rhythm is caused by that interpenetration.
  He continued that the social ideas of anthroposophy have been
  accepted, including "psychosomatic insights" and "taking
  responsibility for your own biography, or soul-life," but that
  anthroposophy's "insights into matter" haven't fared as well. He
  prefaced his natural science remarks with an "ecology/
  consciousness-raising" story about a dead bay which cleansed itself
  and recovered completely four years after its pollution was
  stopped. They need not wonder why they have not done so well in
  this area.

  Having raised an appropriate self-righteous fervor, he proceeded
  to the SERIOUS pseudoscience. The phases of the moon and its

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  zodiacal position selectively influence the growth of different
  parts of PLANTS, according to van Dam, and all this is purportedly
  supported by a "statistically significant, reproducible" study. He
  then referred to some 1927 Stuttgart experiments of Lilli Kolisko,
  which are alleged to prove that the planets each selectively
  influence, by some supernatural force, the capillary absorption of
  the salt of their particular associated metal. This study is often
  referred to in AM writings and appears to be fundamental to the
  system. Anthroposophists call these supernatural forces "peripheral
  forces," asserting that they counteract the conventional forces of
  gravity, magnetism and electricity. When the peripheral forces stop
  moving, all forms as we know them are created. The forms of nature
  consist of frozen, still moments of these forces.

  Dr. van Dam then turned to medicine. Chemical medicines are bad
  because they "silence" parts of the body, so anthroposophical
  doctors use "natural" medicines, closely related to those of
  homeopathy. He openly recognized the improbability that any
  molecules of the active ingredient remain in typical dilutions of
  10 to the minus 30th, but asserted the process accumulates
  "peripheral forces" in the solvent as the concentration of the
  original substance vanishes. The peripheral forces are then
  "attracted" by tossing the solution into the air for three minutes
  at each stage of dilution, which allegedly reduces the effect of
  gravity. Low potencies (high concentrations) of materials have
  their ordinary effects. High potencies (vanishing concentrations)
  have an opposite effect, so the reaction of a substance may be
  controlled in both forward and reverse direction by the degree of
  dilution.

  He mentioned a study at the University of Amsterdam which he claims
  proves the effect of an AM preparation on seeds and on tissue cell
  cultures in which an effect continuing beyond the 23rd 1/10
  dilution (referred to as D23) was measured. (A copy of this study
  has been obtained and will be reviewed later.) He cited other
  examples, one being that lead has an "earthly" nature, fixing,
  protecting, closing, "densifying," so it is therefore used in
  sixth-step dilution (D6) to treat rickets by "densifying" bones,
  and in D30 for treating arteriosclerosis with the opposite effect.
  It seemed to me that while thinning arterial plaque it should
  reasonably be thinning bones.

  The good doctor then described the importance of periodicity in
  therapy. He talked about circadian rhythms, a week as the rhythm
  of the soul-life, and certain monthly and annual rhythms. He told
  a story about a man who "felt fine" exactly one year to the day
  after his operation; this proved to Dr. van Dam that his rhythm
  theory of nature is correct. He described treatment of the liver
  as a cure for insomnia, depression, and constipation, and offered
  injection of meteoric iron as a cure for migraine.

  Don Henvick asked what the difference between AM and homeopathy
  was. Van Dam said that homeopathy was empirical, while AM was a
  deeper approach, including knowing not only what happens but why.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  He proposed that by using "trained perception" to study a plant,
  one could divine what it was good for. This is the research method
  of Goethean science -- a more "spiritual" science -- which is
  taught in Waldorf schools, about which I shall write more some
  other time.

  Since the audience appeared to consist entirely of reverent
  believers, I refrained from asking Dr. van Dam how he differed from
  the House of Representatives definition of a quack: "Anyone who
  promotes medical schemes or remedies known to be false, or which
  are unproven, for a profit."

  The second night of Dr. van Dam's seminar was to be about "art
  therapy" -- the direct healing effects of colors and art.

  I had already suffered enough.


  BOARD CHANGES

  At the last BAS board meeting in December, Vice Chair Mark Hodes
  was released because of heavy career obligations. We are indebted
  to his contribution -- a steady, mature hand directing BAS. He has
  consented to remain on the board, but in a less demanding position.

  Yves Barbero has taken Mark's post, adding more responsibility to
  his already deep commitment to the aims of BAS. Yves has been a
  stalwart over the years, taking on just about any job asked of him.
  His faithful work to see that every issue of "BASIS" is mailed on
  time makes our system hum along. Congratulations, Yves, and thanks,
  Mark for your continuing support.

  The enormous talent and enthusiasm of your BAS board is a tribute
  to our skeptical aims. There are some exciting plans in the works
  for 1989. We expect to increase the breadth and scope of our
  activities and to expand into the (higher) education system. Bay
  Area Skeptics is going to be a force to be reckoned with.

  We would like to offer special thanks to all the rest of the BAS
  family: you out there who continue in our backing. Of course, none
  of this would be possible -- or fun -- without your moral support.
  Your calls, letters, and most important, your OWN contacts with
  the public are by far the most effective way to let others know
  that there is some specific counter to the oceans of nonsense in
  which we are immersed. Many people have related instances in their
  encounters with psychic nonsense in which their experience with BAS
  has helped them effectively confront and counter paranormal
  claimants.

  Our main source of income is the newsletter. The biggest expense
  is printing the first 500; after that the cost per issue decreases
  rapidly, leaving us badly needed funds to fulfill agenda items we
  believe would help promote change. We are very gratified that

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  increasing numbers of subscriptions include a contribution above
  the basic $15 rate; this makes each of us on the board realize even
  more the obligation and responsibility he has to serve the goals
  of rational inquiry.

  To broaden the scope of our activities we need help. Perhaps the
  easiest way for individuals to do this is to make a copy of your
  favorite issue of "BASIS" and give it to a friend. There is
  no reason we can't greatly multiply our subscription rolls. If you
  would like us to help you, send us a name and we will mail a
  courtesy copy to a friend or acquaintance.

  And finally, send us your ideas and suggestions, both for the
  function and organization of BAS and for the news letter -- there
  is every likelihood they will be used to increase the effectiveness
  of Bay Area Skeptics.


  ATTENTION!

  BAS advisor Eugenie Scott, Executive Director of The National
  Center for Science Education, shipped us a copy of an on-going
  committee report sponsored by the American Society of Zoologists.
  This report, "Science As a Way of Knowing", was published in 1984
  and is just recently in a new printing.

  Thanks to Genie's efforts (and the use of her name) "BASIS" readers
  may obtain a free copy of the report by writing to:

  Dr. John A. Moore
  UC Riverside
  Riverside, CA 92521


  $100,000 OFFER!

  Yes indeed, you read it right. James Randi has increased his
  $10,000 offer to $100,000 for a successful demonstration of some
  paranormal ability under controlled conditions. Many paranormalists
  have had little or no motivation to risk their reputations for
  money that would not match what they could make in a couple of
  months. This ten-fold increase should make some heads turn.
  Congratulations, Randi.

  Those interested in being tested should write to James Randi in
  care of the BAS address.

  Randi is in the process of preparing a TV special that should air
  this summer.

                         -----


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the March, 1989 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1989 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
