{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T08:14:19Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 61586, "source_ctime_ns": 1790261530988899386, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1991-01.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790261530982878944, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1991-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "e0ccbd89c1d5c2c7ad2975424ec5ccde968f6701ee831d6c589e337c3be3e2d3"}

---------------------------------------------------------
  January 1991 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ---------------------------------------------------------
          Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                 Vol. 10, No. 1
              Editor: Yves Barbero


  DENTON'S STRANGE MISTAKE
  by Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D.

  The book "Evolution: A Theory in Crisis", by Michael Denton (Adler
  and Adler, eds., Bethesda, MD 1985, 368 pages) is much quoted by
  creationists, and there is even a creationist book, "Of Pandas and
  People", by P. Davis and D. H. Kenyon that uses its content freely.
  Denton writes glibly, and quotes liberally, out of context, from
  the scientific literature on molecular evolution.

  Cytochrome c is a small protein that is found in many organisms:
  molds, yeasts, green plants, insects, vertebrates and even some
  bacteria. Its function is to transport electrons during the use of
  oxygen in respiration of cells. It contains about 100 amino acids,
  so it is easy to analyze. It has long been an evolutionary
  showpiece because it changes so slowly and is found in so many
  species, that an evolutionary phylogenetic tree can be constructed
  that extends from the bacterium Rhodospirillum rubrum to mammals.
  This is shown in Fig. 1, from Dayhoff's "Atlas of Protein Sequence
  and Structure", vol. 5 (1972) and elsewhere.

  [Note for the electronic edition: Obviously, the illustrations have
  had to be omitted.]

  Denton addresses himself (p. 279) to cytochrome c with the aid of
  a matrix table lifted from Dayhoff's atlas [Fig 2]. From this, he
  constructs (p. 281) a diagram showing descent from bacterial
  cytochrome (Fig. 3).

  He then discourses as follows:

      It means that no eucaryotic cytochrome is intermediate
      between bacterial cytochrome and other eucaryotic
      cytochromes. As far as the bacterium is concerned, all
      eucaryotes are equally distant. All the eucaryotic
      cytochromes are as a class isolated and unique. No
      intermediate type of cytochrome exists to bridge the
      discontinuity which divides the living kingdom into these
      two fundamental types. The bacterial kingdom has no
      neighbour [sic] in any of the fantastically diverse
      eucaryotic types. The "missing links" are well and truly
      missing.

      Unfortunately for Denton, this is all wrong. Dayhoff's


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
      data are for existing species. No cytochrome c sequences
      are available for extinct organisms. Denton confuses the
      existing Rhodospirillum rubrum with an ancestor that
      lived about two billion years ago. This is explained in
      Fig. 2-8 of Dayhoff's atlas (Fig. 1).

  The existing species have not descended independently and directly
  from a single ancestor, as shown in Denton's diagram [Fig. 3]. They
  have come from a series of ancestors through a branching process.
  The molecular evolutionary clock says that amino acid replacements
  take place at a fairly uniform rate for a given protein, which is
  about one replacement per 40 million years for cytochromes c so
  that the distances are all about the same, average 66; from the
  common ancestor to Rhodospirillum and the other organisms.

  Denton repeats the same mistake on pp. 282, 284 (with globins), p.
  285 with cytochrome c which he calls cyclostome c (a cyclostome is
  a lamprey), p. 286 with globins and p. 294 (where his distances are
  erroneous). On p. 296, he says that the molecular clock hypothesis
  can account for "the observed equal divergence of, say, all
  vertebrate cytochromes from those of insects" but "no one has been
  able to explain in precise terms exactly how such a time constant
  process could work. Rather than being a true explanation, the
  hypothesis of the molecular clock is really a tautology..."

  He is wrong about this, too. His statement that the molecular
  evolutionary clock is a "tautology" rather than a true explanation,
  is incorrect. Many scientific articles have been written to supply
  experimental information for the clock. An entire issue of "J. Mol.
  Evol.", 164 pages, 14 articles was published on the subject of the
  clock, vol. 26, November 1987.

  The clock depends on two observations. First, DNA replicates ALMOST
  perfectly, but the few imperfections in its replication are a major
  driving force in evolution. These imperfections become point
  mutations, which are substitutions of one base or another, such as
  T by C. These substitutions occur essentially at random, and
  accumulate in DNA at a rate of about two to five per billion
  nucleotide sites per year. The effect of these substitutions on the
  genetic code in genes is to bombard proteins with amino acid
  changes. This takes place at a steady rate.

  Many replacements are lethal, and so do not persist. Others are
  neutral or near neutral so that the protein can continue
  functioning. Because the changes are randomly scattered along DNA
  molecules, they occur at different sites in different species. As
  soon as divergence from a common ancestor starts, this
  differentiation between the two species is initiated. The
  consequence is the molecular evolutionary clock, which is a real
  and measurable process of evolution. The rate of the clock is
  fairly constant, for a given protein, especially when measured over
  long time intervals.

  Denton's mistake is that he does not understand that his table, but

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  NOT his diagram, is an excellent illustration of the branching
  process in evolution. Instead of reproducing Dayhoff's diagram, he
  has made up a completely erroneous one of his own.

  [THOMAS H. JUKES is professor of Biophysics at UC BERKELEY and has
  done extensive research in molecular evolution. He is a long time
  advisor to BAY AREA SKEPTICS.]


  EXCITING *NEW* PSYCHIC PREDICTIONS! See Page 9
  [Note for the electronic edition: The issue ended on page 8.]


  PORTRAIT OF AN INTELLECTUAL ABUSER
  by Yves Barbero

  Some people are gracious enough to only abuse alcohol or drugs.
  Their only victims are themselves, their families and those they
  mug to obtain the funds necessary to perpetuate their habits.

  On the other hand, there is a more sinister class of people who
  build little empires (some, not so little as in the case of
  Scientology or some of the Creationist outfits) based on an odd
  notion of the universe. Most of these people are dishonest and do
  it only for the power and money their hoaxes bring in. The smarter
  of these keep straight with the IRS and avoid obvious bouts with
  the law. These thieves are largely home free. The wide skirts of
  the First Amendment protect them. After all, no sane person wants
  to re-tailor the Constitution just to catch a confidence schemer.
  The occasional skeptical attack is rarely a bother. The skeptic
  must rely on truth and long-winded explanations. Few listen. The
  con-man can lie and over-simplify through his teeth.

  There is another group which is much harder to quantify. They are
  sincere, occasionally have genuine credentials in science and
  seemingly enjoy no financial benefit from their activities. These
  intellectual abusers are, by and large, loners, having only
  persistence and mailing lists to sustain them. The vast majority
  make only minor waves. As with the substance abuser, it's difficult
  to understand why anyone would take such a course. While their
  psychology is hard to comprehend, their activities can be
  described.

  The ones who really make an impact usually have some personal
  talent (perhaps they are great debaters or have excellent TV
  presence) and an advantage over the rational opposition (time on
  their hands due to personal wealth or an income from retirement)
  whereas the voice of reason is engaged in research or making a
  living.

  They take on an issue which most people think is resolved. It is
  often obscure and seemingly of minor importance. Suddenly, an

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  individual intellectual abuser is on every talk show. He's pulled
  away from the pack. Organizations promoting science are flooded
  with his literature. At some point, he finds some ally in politics
  and scientists find themselves in front of a board of supervisors
  or a town council trying to recall the arguments they used three to
  four decades before when the issue was first resolved.

  The scientists have their attention divided. They are worried that
  an established public policy designed, for instance, to protect
  children from disease will be undermined. They must suddenly
  re-configure their arguments so a complex issue will be understood
  by a population which is both scientifically under-educated and
  constantly reminded of some very real failures of science. This
  population doesn't read. Everything must fit in the small space
  between a commercial for a foreign car and one for fake Persian
  rugs.

  The loner has found an opening. Armed with a righteous cause, as he
  sees it, he has dug out every minority report from way back then.
  He is relaxed. They are nervous. His political ally has been
  thoroughly indoctrinated. He's been fighting the good fight since
  the beginning. He knows everything about it. He's alert to every
  quarrel among the assembled scholars and carefully exploits them.

  All his life, they've ignored his warnings and treated him with
  contempt and even laughed at him. Him, a healer and lover of
  humanity. His reasoned arguments had been, years before, shattered
  by Doctor So-and-So of Ivy League University. But that was then.
  People worshipped science then. It had bought an end to a war. It
  promised a bright future. Since then, scientists have been exposed
  as faking research. There have been melt-downs and everyone had
  seen "Dr. Strangelove." The Sputniks have been forgotten. The Salk
  vaccine sits quietly on the shelf next to the aspirin.

  Like everyone in the last four centuries who's had a unique
  scientific claim laughed at by the establishment, the intellectual
  abuser goes directly to the political power base to find
  vindication. He has a complete list of the few oddballs who where
  right in defying the scientific establishment and is happy to make
  it generally available. There is no mention of the fact that this
  establishment has cleaned up the procedures and opened up the
  debate so real developments are less likely to be ignored.

  In going to the power base, he's learned to use the media and even
  to trick normally upright public policy scientific groups into
  amplifying his claims. He's no longer the forgotten voice in the
  wilderness. He's arrived. There's no stopping him so long as the
  media needs something to feed on or the obscure politician finds
  his coat tails handy. His only real danger is of a rival using the
  same technique who's better at it than he is. But its a small
  danger. There are plenty of talk shows and even more office
  holders.

  He'll often ally himself to the willing and unwilling. He'll call

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  himself a skeptic challenging the overfed establishment unwilling
  to look at new evidence. Maybe, he'll become a religious individual
  defying godless scientists or he'll become a humble citizen who's
  accidently stumbled onto the truth while checking out the academic
  bureaucrats. He knows how to get the goat of the true believers who
  hang around skeptics groups. These individuals, he recognizes, are
  ready to step into the breach to mindlessly defend sacred science.
  He's learned which buttons to press to get himself attacked by them
  so as to bring his cause public sympathy.

  Challenged, he becomes enraged, ready to sue at the drop of a hat
  while crying to the media that the giants of the establishment are
  unfairly picking on him. Whenever attacked, it's always personal,
  not at all the issue. It's difficult for him to lose since the
  scientist cannot call himself a skeptic without explaining what it
  really means.

  If the scientist is an atheist, he prefers to keep it to himself.
  After all, his research grants come from the public treasury. If he
  has religion, he is careful to compartmentalize his life least his
  beliefs interfere with his research. Nor can the scientist adjust
  his arguments to suit the audience. And all his statements are
  trimmed by a series of procedures developed to make language truly
  well defined so other scientists understand him with precision.
  Precise language is not necessarily colorful or powerful. On top of
  all this, the scientist does not know how to handle personal
  attacks, either aimed at him or attributed to the scientist by the
  intellectual abuser.

  The intellectual abuser is under no restraints. There is no peer
  review. Illogical connections are valid if they make for powerful
  public pronouncements. He doesn't have to separate his personal
  beliefs from his alleged science. His claims can be absurd. He can
  treat intellectual attacks as personal attacks. His only possible
  problem is that as the novelty wears off, his pronouncements have
  to become stronger to keep in the limelight.

  The scientist, meanwhile, has made a decision (perhaps through a
  professional association) to ignore the intellectual abuser,
  figuring that he can't win in such a climate and that the fringe
  element, in one form or another, is here to stay. While this saves
  him valuable time and irritation, it contributes nothing to public
  education on scientific issues.

  The real fight, the scientist reasons, is not the occasional loose
  screw but with well-organized groups which pose a threat to
  secondary education by insisting that biology textbooks print
  patent falsehoods. Grudgingly, he'll sign a petition placed in
  front of him by his colleague from the history department to
  prevent a revision of an historical event by a fascist academic.
  But that's as far as he'll step out of his field of interest.

  The intellectual abuser wants attention. He's passionate, genuinely
  believes what he says and truly has no financial interest in what

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  he does. In fact, it often costs him deep in the purse. He rarely
  tries to create an organization beyond the infrastructure for the
  newsletter he puts out. As an amateur, he intuitively knows how to
  manipulate social communications. He may be well-trained in some
  scientific discipline (and may even hold important prizes in his
  own field) but that is not usually the discipline he challenges.
  And the scientists are correct about one thing. He is here to stay.

  The intellectual abuser, like the drug addict, initially gets
  pleasure and is then trapped in the lifestyle. That he is wrong is
  inconsequential. Without checks and balances, the social process
  becomes primary.


  KLASS TO SPEAK

  PHILIP J. KLASS will speak before a meeting of the Eastbay
  Astronomical Society at 8 p.m., Friday, January 4, 1991 at the
  Chabot Observatory, 4917 Mountain Boulevard, Oakland.

  Klass' topic will be "UFOs: Fact or Fantasy". Weather permitting,
  free observing through the telescopes follow this program. To
  inquire about dinner with the speaker at a local restaurant the
  same evening, call BETTY NEALL at 415-533-2394 by Thursday morning,
  January 3rd.

  Klass is well known to skeptics, having written four books on the
  subject of UFOs. A retired senior avionics editor of "Aviation Week
  and Space Technology" magazine, Klass' most recent book is "UFO
  Abductions: A Dangerous Game". He is a founding fellow of Committee
  for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal
  (CSICOP), a member of its Executive Council and chairs its UFO
  Subcommittee.

  This and all EAS meetings are free and open to the public.

  To reach Chabot Observatory, take I-580 to the Seminary Avenue
  exit, and follow the little blue signs to the observatory.


  -------------------------------------------------------------
  | THE PSYCHIC ADVISOR                                         |
  | by Jean Lorraine                                    |
  |                                            |
  | My girlfriend thinks it's dishonest for me to show a          |
  | picture of a thin woman in a turban with eyeballs upwards |
  | and hands hovering over a crystal ball in my newspaper |
  | column, since I'm really a fat, balding man with a beard, |
  | and a cigar hanging from my mouth. WHAT SHOULD I DO?                |
  |                       -- Lost in the Stars        |
  |                                            |
  | Dear Lost in the Stars,                               |

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  |                                            |
  |                                            |
  |                                            |
  |                                            |
  |                                            |
  | ...and if that doesn't change her mind, read my new                 |
  | book, "The Psychic's Image: It's All in the Mind" for                |
  | more tips.                                     |
  -------------------------------------------------------------


  PALM READING

  A PSEUDO-SCIENCE/ART FORM FOR AMUSEMENT
  by Dennis R. Burke

  About eleven years ago I was at a party in Berkeley and was asked,
  "... and what do you do?" Being evasive, I answered that I read
  fingerprints for a living. This delighted the people with whom I
  was talking and they asked me if I could read their palms? To their
  disappointment I had to admit that the only palms I read where
  those of criminals. (I'm a police officer whose expertise is in
  Latent Print Analysis.)

  The subject of palm reading had sparked my curiosity and I decided
  to do some self study on the subject. As a skeptic, I believe that
  palm reading is a fake science and has no basis for predicting
  future events or exposing personality traits. At best, it is an art
  form for amusement; and at worse, a sham to perpetuate fraud.

  AN EXPERIMENT: Using willing subjects, I took ink impressions of
  their palms and finger prints, and placed them on a "chart" (see
  photograph). I then applied a set of twelve stock statements to
  "characteristics" that I found in the prints. I had the subject
  rate them and give an overall evaluation of how well the statements
  evaluated them. The first two readings produced a score of 85 and
  95 percent correct, and I received additional requests to do charts
  for their friends. This caused me to develop additional statements
  because I couldn't use the same chart for the friend. They would
  discover that the statements were the same.

  The new set of statements was developed using ideas from HARRY
  BROWN's book, "How I found Freedom in an Unfree World". The
  statements were less successful but had a 75 percent or better
  rating. I knew that some of the statements were not general enough
  and identified them before giving the chart to the subject. When
  the subject stated that some of the statements did not fit, I would
  identify the statement as probably being the pre-identified
  statement and replace it with the stock statement: "You pride
  yourself on being an independent thinker and do not accept other's
  opinions about satisfactory proof." This would validate the
  "reading" and the subject was left with an impression that his or
  her palm held the key to his or her personality.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  After having great success as a palm reader, I began to experience
  what RAY HYMAN described in his article for "The Skeptical
  Inquirer", 1977, "Cold Reading: How to Convince Strangers that You
  Know All About Them." Hyman was convinced, for a time, that he had
  a genuine power to read palms, except that he one day said the
  opposite of what he thought to test his powers. To his surprise,
  the subjects believed and validated the mis-information as being
  true. Somehow, he contended, people find more meaning in any
  situation then is actually there. I also found this to be true and
  saw people find more meaning in the statements then is actually
  there. The human mind has a tendency to make sense out of nonsense.
  This can be seen in the way we dream. We take bits and pieces of
  information and put it together to make a story.

  I found that people want to hear things about themselves that they
  would like to be true, or perceived to be true. Most palm readers
  use the fishing approach: They get the subject to tell a little
  about themselves, what they want, and then feed it back to them. A
  psychologist in a family counseling session uses similar techniques
  to get his clients focused on their problems.

  M. LAMAR KEENE, who spent thirteen years as a spiritualist medium,
  wrote from first hand knowledge that he believed that virtually all
  spirit readings, seances and medium messages from the dead are
  conscious deceptions by the nedium.

  Skepticism is probably as unfashionable today as in any other age.
  The "New Age" exploration of claims that we have a vast, untapped
  powers; or that unseen forces are about to save us from ourselves;
  or that there is an unacknowledged pattern and harmony to the
  Universe; has become for some, a new religion.

  If you think you have the power, you may be ready to take up palm
  reading. If so, always give the impression that you know more then
  you are saying, and flatter your subject every chance you get. Body
  language will give you a good clue as to the acceptance or denial
  of what is being presented. Attitude, posture, mannerisms, and tone
  of voice will help you explore the subject, or allow you to decide
  whether to go in another direction. According to one book, the
  purpose of hand reading is for, "people who want to know success,
  money, love, and sex." They [palm readers] refer to themselves as
  disciples of an ancient science and are appealing to basic human
  desires.

  WHAT I LEARNED: First, I had fun being a palm reader. People like
  to hear positive things about themselves and this process opened a
  door for self-examination for both the subject and myself. As far
  as it being an ancient science, it is not. It is merely a mirror
  for the mind to see what it wants to see. As an example, I was
  viewing photographs of the planet Venus and noted that the pattern
  formed on the surface was similar to the creases in the worn part
  of the palm, near the area below the thumb. By chance, the pattern
  on the palm chart for this area was labeled -- Venus. Of course


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  this was a coincidence and lends no scientific basis for the art of
  palm reading. The human mind unconsciously conspires to produce a
  biased response to this type of coincidence, and tries to make it
  into something that it is not.

  [DENNIS R. BURKE is a sergeant with the BERKELEY POLICE DEPARTMENT
  and is a twenty-five year veteran. He holds a degree in Business
  Administration from the State University at Hayward and a Master's
  Degree in Public Administration from John F. Kennedy University.]


  ANOTHER SHAMELESS PLUG

  William N. Eschmeyer's "Catalog of the Genera of Recent Fishes",
  ISBN 0-940228-23-8, all 697 pages, has been released after years of
  preparation by our own California Academy of Sciences.

  This masterpiece of taxonomy can be gotten for $55.00 plus tax by
  writing:

     Scientific Publications
     California Academy of Sciences
     Golden Gate Park
     San Francisco, CA 94118
     Telephone: 415-750-7047
     Fax: 415-750-7346

  Why the plug? Your editor had an extremely minuscule role in
  outputting the final drafts using the same computer program that
  puts out this newsletter. So there...


  A HORSE'S HIND QUARTER IN THE TILTED WASTELAND
  by Earl Hautala

  In the Vast Tilted Wasteland of TV talk shows, Rick Stack, author
  of "Out-of-Body Adventures" (Contemporary Books, Chicago, Ill.,
  1988) appeared on People Are Talking, KPIX-TV San Francisco, on
  election day.

  Stack offers to teach others how to have out-of-body experiences,
  including the program's groin grabber, astral sex. Appearing with
  him were two other voyagers who journey through not only space, but
  time, and Loyd Auerbach, a Bay Area parapsychologist.

  An audience composed mostly of believers and seekers, supplied
  questions designed to fan the flames of imagination. That's
  entertainment! A lone voice for skepticism came from Bob Steiner,
  founder of the Bay Area Skeptics. Steiner may not have gotten equal
  time, but his analysis of the subject more than made up for the
  difference. Steiner quoted from the preface to Stack's book, "This
  book is designed to take the study and practice of out-of-body

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  experiences out of the realm of research laboratories and esoteric
  mysticism and into the living rooms and bedrooms of the world where
  they belong."

  With no rebuttal from the author, it would appear that Mr. Stack
  makes no scientific claims. He sells books! All you have to do is
  believe, right? WRONG! Steiner quoted from Stack's book (page 31).
  "Nothing accidental ever happens .... If you have ever been robbed
  or otherwise `victimized,' it is your own fears, feelings of
  worthlessness, or negative imaginings that have brought these
  unpleasant experiences into your life."

  Steiner pointed out that Rick Stack was "Just one more in a long
  list of misguided philosophers who blame the rape victim for the
  rape." Steiner's logic failed to stir the faithful. Questions about
  out-of-body experiences continued as if no one had said anything
  contrary to the author's words. Even the promised titillation
  passed without comment when Mr. Stack allowed that "astral orgasm"
  was five to ten times better than the ordinary kind. There you have
  it, straight from some part of the horse. This slice of life drama
  suggests additional food for thought.

  This audience of adults represented some portion of the gullible
  public. They would rather spend their time trying to escape
  astrally, than attempt to sort out their problems rationally. If we
  have some problems in this society, we need to bear in mind that
  most adults have the right to vote. Part of our collective future
  will be determined by people who have no interest in hearing, let
  alone examining, evidence of any kind.


  TALBOT NAMED TO BOARD

  Kate Talbot, a long-time supporter of BAY AREA SKEPTICS, has been
  named to the board of directors. She first involved herself by
  folding, stapling, and mailing this newsletter, but was soon
  promoted to meeting coordinator, and will continue in that
  position.

  She replaces astronomer John Lattanzio, PhD, who is returning to
  Australia to teach mathematics at the university level.

  Bob Steiner, a founder of BAY AREA SKEPTICS, said, "We appreciate
  Dr. Lattanzio's interest in and contributions to the group, and
  wish Kate much luck and success. We all know she'll do a fine job."


  THE SKEPTIC'S ELECTRONIC BULLETIN BOARD
  => 2400 Baud, 415-648-8944
  => 24 hours, 7 days a week
  => Rick Moen, Sysop


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  ANTI-FLUORIDATION -- A LITMUS TEST FOR SKEPTICS
  by Bob Steiner

  JOHN R. LEE, MD, will address the BAY AREA SKEPTICS meeting this
  month on the topic "The Role of Skepticism in Science and in
  Understanding the Fluoride Problem." Dr. Lee's position is that
  fluoridation of our water supply does not help our teeth, and is
  otherwise dangerous to our health.

  Please see flier describing the talk, as well as information about
  date, time, and location elsewhere in this issue of "BASIS".

  I have taken more heat on this speaker and topic than on any
  speaker and topic in the nine year history of BAY AREA SKEPTICS.

  At the suggestion of many people, and with the able assistance of
  EARL HAUTALA, we attempted to locate a knowledgeable
  pro-fluoridation health professional to appear on the platform with
  Dr. Lee. Our quest included contacting The Centers for Disease
  Control, the American Dental Association, and the University of
  California at San Francisco Dental School. These sources, as well
  as others, would not or could not field someone to appear with Dr.
  Lee to oppose his views.

  Many of the people contacted strongly urged that we not allow Dr.
  Lee to address our group at all. We replied that BAY AREA SKEPTICS
  provides an open forum for many points of view on many topics.

  Some skeptics felt it was critical that we have an opposing speaker
  on the platform with Dr. Lee. When I explained that we could not
  obtain one, some of these people, otherwise intelligent and
  open-minded skeptics, implored me not to allow Dr. Lee to address
  our organization.

  Upon my reply that Dr. Lee was indeed going to address BAS, one
  person urged that we set ground rules for him. I inquired, "What
  kind of ground rules?" The answer was that we must restrict Dr.
  Lee's talk to the scientific aspects of the fluoridation question;
  we must not allow him to address the personalities involved in
  getting fluoride into our water, and he must not address the
  political aspects of this subject.

  I replied that, in the nine-year history of BAS, we have NEVER set
  ground rules for our speakers. I assured this person that, if Dr.
  Lee were to enter the audience for the purpose of punching someone
  in the nose, I would most assuredly step in. Short of that, there
  will be no ground rules.

  Are you a skeptic? Do you have an open mind? Do you believe that
  a speaker who opposes fluoridation of the public water supply must
  be censored? Do you believe that it is the proper function of BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS to protect the public from hearing ideas that differ


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  from the prevailing bureaucratic opinion in this country? Are you
  REALLY a skeptic?
  [BOB STEINER is a founder of BAY AREA SKEPTICS and knows how to
  take and dish out the heat.]


  CREATIONISTS TO HOLD CONFERENCE

  Billed as a Christian Conference, "Back to Genesis", the Redwood
  Chapel Community Church will host the heavy hitters of Scientific
  Creationism, DUANE GISH, KEN HERN and JOHN D. MORRIS in Castro
  Valley January 11th and 12th.

  The church is located at 19300 Redwood Road, Castro Valley, CA
  94546 and the registration fee is $20.

  => FRIDAY'S session will be between 7-9:15 p.m.
  => SATURDAY'S session will be between 9-11:45 a.m. and 1:30-5:30
  p.m.


  STANFORD COURSE IN MEDICAL FADS

  Wallace Sampson, M.D., a founder and long-time advisor to BAY AREA
  SKEPTICS, has announced the first four lectures of the annual
  course in medical fads.

  => Jan. 8: Analysis of Anomalous Claims -- Wallace Sampson, M.D.
  => Jan. 15: Visual Foolery and Magic -- Richard Goode, M.D. (and
   magician)
  => Jan. 22: The Physics of Firewalking and other Miracles --
   Bernard Leikind, Ph.D.
  => Jan. 29: Perseverance of Beliefs -- Lee Ross, M.D.

  For information regarding the exact location and possible course
  changes, call Dr. Sampson at 415-961-5548, or The Skeptic's Board
  BBS at 415-648-8944. Future classes will be announced in these
  pages.


  A VOICE IN THE WILDERNESS?

  Is it an example of the "Lone Crusader" taking on an unwilling or
  unwieldy scientific establishment? Is it a crackpot theory making
  a comeback after decades of sleeping quietly as a footnote to the
  history of public health?

  A sigh of exasperation has escaped the lips of the scientific
  community as JOHN R. LEE, M.D. single-handedly (nearly) takes up
  the cause of anti-fluoridation. Armed with reams of studies and
  minority reports, he will address the BAS January meeting,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  insisting that the debate, which everyone else thought long closed,
  be reopened!

  Does fluoridation cause cancer? The mainstream scientific community
  doesn't think so, but Dr. Lee does.

  Come and hear JOHN R. LEE speak on his challenge to the "scientific
  establishment." Dr. Lee had a family practice in Mill Valley for
  thirty years and chaired the Marin Medical Society Committee on
  Environmental Health in 1972 which was charged with reviewing the
  pros and cons of fluoridation.


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling
  Kate Talbot


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Yves Barbero, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Wilma Russell, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation
  Kate Talbot, meeting coordinator; John Taube, media watch


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the January, 1991 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1991 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
