{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T12:54:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 71317, "source_ctime_ns": 1790192105848905001, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1991-02.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790192105842100095, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1991-02.pdf", "source_sha256": "5ec6b9ffd1e0248ee1e2a0affccf1117e35c8210e94038257700577c75c2c8b9"}

----------------------------------------------------------
  February 1991 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ----------------------------------------------------------
          Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                 Vol. 10, No. 2
               Editor: Yves Barbero


  PSYCHICS' PREDICTIONS FIZZLE FOR 1990
  by Robert Sheaffer

  Jackie Onassis did not marry young rock star Jon Bon Jovi. A tidal
  wave did not flood Manhattan. A meteorite did not land in the White
  House Rose Garden, and a cure was not found for the common cold.
  These are just a few of the many predictions that had been made for
  1990 by famous "psychics", but were dead wrong, as chronicled by
  the Bay Area Skeptics.

  At the end of each year, many well-known "psychics" issue
  predictions for the coming year. Twelve months later, they issue
  another set of predictions, conveniently forgetting those they made
  the year before, which are always nearly 100% wrong. Each year,
  however, the Bay Area Skeptics dig up the predictions made the year
  before, to the embarrassment of those who made them.

  Many of the "psychic" predictions made are so vague that it is
  impossible to say if they came true or not: For example, Jeane
  Dixon's prediction that "secrets will weigh heavily" on
  Vice-President Dan Quayle is not obviously true or false. Many
  other "predictions" involve things that happen every year, or else
  are not difficult to guess, such as hurricanes along the Gulf
  Coast, marital strife for Charles and Diana, or terrorist
  incidents. Many "predictions" simply state that ongoing events and
  trends will continue, such as economic uncertainty, or conflict in
  the Middle East.

  Other supposed "predictions" are not really predictions at all, but
  are actually disclosures of little-known events that are already
  under way, such as movie productions, business ventures, or
  developing scandals. Because questionable claims of having made an
  amazing prediction frequently are made in the wake of major news
  stories, the Bay Area Skeptics only evaluates predictions that were
  widely known before the events they claimed to foretell. While some
  predictions did of course come true, especially those that were
  unspecific, or not at all difficult to guess, not one prediction
  that was both specific and surprising came true.

  The famous Washington, D.C. "psychic" Jeane Dixon, who supposedly
  has a "gift of prophesy", predicted that George Bush's "greatest
  challenge" would come this summer when he would be forced to make
  "life-and-death decisions about troubles in Latin America and
  China". While those regions were relatively quiet this summer,


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  Dixon somehow failed to foresee Bush having any trouble with Iraq.
  "The worst stock market drop of the year will come in mid-April",
  she predicted; it actually occurred from August through
  mid-October. She also warned that the West Coast "will be shaken
  again by an October earthquake" which will "bring a volcano to
  life" ["The Star", Jan. 16, 1990].

  St. Louis "psychic" Beverly Jaegers, who claims to be able to make
  accurate stock market predictions, predicted that defrocked
  evangelist Jimmy Bakker would become a "hunted fugitive" after an
  escape from prison, and that Madonna would get pregnant from an
  affair with Pee-Wee Herman ["National Enquirer", July 3, 1990].

  In Chicago, "psychic" Irene Hughes predicted that Jacqueline
  Onassis would tie the knot with rock star Jon Bon Jovi, that Bryant
  Gumbel would be fired from the "Today" show after an ugly bar-room
  brawl, and that Chuck Norris would lead a group of mercenaries in
  a successful attack on a Colombian drug field ["National Enquirer",
  Jan. 2, 1990].

  Los Angeles "psychic" Marie Graciette predicted that the largest
  earthquake ever recorded would strike the sea bed near New York
  City, sending in a tidal wave that would flood Manhattan ["National
  Enquirer", July 3, 1990]. A meteorite would land in the White House
  Rose Garden, endangering the First Family by the levels of
  radiation it emits. (Meteorites are primarily made of iron and
  nickel, which are not radioactive.) She also predicted that
  Japanese scientists would discover a cure for the common cold while
  investigating the ink spewed out by squid ["National Enquirer",
  Jan. 2, 1990].

  Southern Californian Clarisa Bernhardt, who claims to make
  "incredibly accurate" earthquake predictions, foresaw that Barbra
  Streisand would go to Cuba and wind up in a "sizzling" romance with
  Fidel Castro [National Enquirer, July 3, 1990]. She also predicted
  that the Major Leagues would have their first female baseball
  player, whose skill would make her a superstar ["National
  Enquirer", Jan. 2, 1990].

  Here in Northern California, "Psychic Astrologer" Terrie Brill of
  Redwood City predicted five years ago [San Francisco Examiner, Dec.
  16, 1985] that 1990 would absolutely be the year that a massive
  earthquake would reshape the California coastline. "If there was
  doubt [about this prediction], I'd say there was doubt", she
  reaffirmed to the reporter.

  This past December, she predicted that Oprah Winfrey would marry,
  that Manuel Noriega (who was then holed up in the Vatican Embassy
  in Panama) would be released, but not to the United States, and
  would be killed by a Panamanian before six months had passed ["San
  Francisco Examiner", Dec. 28, 1990]. Brill charges her clients $195
  an hour for predictions such as these. Twelve months ago, Brill
  went on record predicting an earthquake that would make the Bay
  Area "fall into the ocean" during 1991 ["San Jose Mercury-News",

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  Jan. 1, 1990], but in view of her previous dismal track record, the
  Bay Area Skeptics see no cause for alarm.

  Based on the continuing failure of the "psychics" to make accurate
  predictions over the years, the Bay Area Skeptics urge everyone --
  including the press -- to exercise some healthy skepticism when
  "psychics" and other purveyors of the paranormal make extraordinary
  claims or predictions. Anyone who swallows the "psychics'" claims
  year after year, without checking the record, is setting a bad
  example for students and for the public.

  It is important to note that no "psychic" succeeded in predicting
  the genuinely surprising news stories of 1990: the invasion and
  occupation of Kuwait by Iraq; Hussein's holding of thousands of
  foreign hostages as "human shields"; George Bush saying yes to "new
  taxes"; and the stunning electoral defeat of the Sandinistas in
  Nicaragua. These major news stories were so unanticipated that
  someone would have had to be truly "psychic" to have predicted
  them. Given the number of so-called "psychics" out there, one would
  expect that at least a few of them would have correctly predicted
  these -- unless, of course, all such claims of "psychic powers" are
  without foundation.

  The Bay Area Skeptics is a group of people from all walks of life
  who support the critical examination of paranormal claims, such as
  psychic powers, UFOs, astrology, Bigfoot, biorhythms, etc. Similar
  skeptics' organizations are active in many other areas of the
  country, including Southern California, New York, Colorado,
  Illinois, Arizona, Texas, and Ohio. The Committee for the
  Scientific Examination of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP) is an
  international skeptics' organization, made up of many famous
  writers, scientists, and investigators, such as Martin Gardner,
  Stephen Jay Gould, James "The Amazing" Randi, Isaac Asimov, and
  many others. Similar skeptics' groups have also been formed in many
  foreign countries, including Australia, Canada, France, the United
  Kingdom, Mexico, and India. These groups cooperate in making their
  findings available to other researchers, and to the public.

  [Robert Sheaffer is a technical writer and UFO expert. He is one of
  the founders of Bay Area Skeptics. Sheaffer has written a new book,
  tentatively titled "Christian Resentment." It should be released
  soon.]


  LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

  MORE ON THE FLUORIDATION FLAP
  by Thomas H. Jukes, PH.D.

  "BASIS", December 1990 and January 1991 gives a large amount of
  space to publicity about John R. Lee, also to his long article. Was
  this to drum up an audience for him? Bob Steiner (page seven, Jan.
  1991) is amazed that there is so much distaste for Lee's output.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  Ordinarily, most people yawn and leave when a flat-earther, or
  someone who says the world will end next week, mounts a soapbox.
  The difference here, Bob [Steiner], is that some of us are
  interested in helping children grow good teeth. We are in the field
  of public health; we are not magicians. We have been working for
  fluoridation for years. Lee's assertions are NOT harmless
  eccentricities.

  In addition to protecting freedom of the press, an editor is
  supposed to "copy-edit" manuscripts. Why did Lee's monologue (Dec.
  1990, page three) escape this? Plants and animals are of female and
  male SEXES, not GENDERS. And why was Lee given space to maunder on
  and on about Rabelais, Galileo, Aristotle et al., quite irrelevant
  to his topic? Space is valuable.

  Lee says fluoride used in fluoridation is a "toxic waste product of
  industry." This is nonsense. Fluorine is a chemical element.
  Sea-water contains 1.4 parts per million of fluoride -- more than
  the 1.0 ppm recommended for drinking water. Lee quotes National
  Institute of Dental Health data, and then alleges, without any
  authority, that the data are wrong.

  He says, "when skepticism is silenced, science (and our health in
  this case) suffers." Health suffers when anti-fluoridationists get
  their way. Lee has never been silenced, even though he is dangerous
  to our children's health. He has been reciting unsubstantiated
  propaganda for years. No one has tried to shut him up. As Bob
  Steiner found out, no "pro-fluoridation health professional" would
  share the platform with Lee.


  OPEN-MINDEDNESS, AGAIN
  by Rick Moen
  Bay Area Skeptics Secretary

  Dr. John R. Lee's topic (fluoridation) is a bit far afield for a
  skeptics' group, but when magician Bob Steiner asked my opinion on
  hosting him, my sole question was "Will he be interesting?" Answer:
  "Absolutely." For me, that was the end of the matter, as with
  almost all the BAS activists Steiner consulted.

  Thus, I'm surprised at the controversy. Some people feel we should
  refuse Lee a forum, or impose conditions never applied to other
  speakers. Why? Apparently, some think BAS exists to promote the
  received wisdom of science, shutting out unconventional viewpoints,
  which should be dismissed unheard.

  This attitude quite simply runs counter to the principles and
  purpose of the skeptics' movement. It would make a mockery of our
  intent to consider claims FAIRLY AND IMPARTIALLY, albeit
  critically. It would reduce us to closed-minded, ideological
  cheerleaders of the science establishment. Worse, it would make us
  DULL -- preachers to the converted. Worse still, it might even make

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  us DEAD WRONG: Some mavericks just might be correct. We prefer to
  help people to JUDGE FOR THEMSELVES, airing both sides.

  BAS has in the past had, as speakers and authors, UFOlogists,
  parapsychologists, creationists, and proponents of various unusual
  claims. They have always been treated with friendliness, respect,
  and appreciation. If I have my way, they always will. The
  suppression of unconventional views, and advocates of that
  suppression, have NO PLACE in the skeptics' movement. The rest of
  us will benefit from being stimulated, entertained, and perhaps
  enlightened by exposure to a wide range of views.

  P.S.: In a related matter, parapsychologist Loyd Auerbach has
  always been a good friend of Bay Area Skeptics, a friendship we
  especially appreciate because of its rarity.

  I interpreted the editor's small piece "Auerbach in Business"
  (12/90 "BASIS") as a perhaps overly rowdy jibe between friends. I
  hope Auerbach will consider it as such, and regret any offense we
  have given him.


  THERE'S THE CART; BUT WHERE IS THE HORSE?
  by Bob Steiner

  Loyd Auerbach, a parapsychologist, has long worked with BAS. He has
  been an avid supporter and activist, and has willingly and freely
  donated his time and expertise to give presentations at our
  meetings.

  Bay Area Skeptics has a long history of fairness in its
  investigations. It does not publicize results before there are
  results to publicize.

  Bay Area Skeptics and Loyd Auerbach have a history of many years of
  friendship, and of exchange of ideas and information.

  It was therefore surprising and embarrassing to read the editorial
  in the December 1990 "BASIS" entitled "Auerbach in Business." It
  took a considerable slam at Loyd Auerbach and his new business. It
  was, according to the editorial itself, based upon an article our
  editor read in the "San Francisco Chronicle". No investigation had
  been made. No communication with Loyd had taken place.

  Additionally, the editorial mentioned the master's degree in
  parapsychology that Loyd earned from John F. Kennedy University,
  and then appended the footnote: "The Catholic Church has long
  opposed traffic in the Paranormal. It must be a wonderful irony
  that a school named after one of their most prominent members
  issues such degrees." That was uncalled for. Furthermore, since
  when has Bay Area Skeptics held the Catholic Church up as the
  benchmark for our scientific investigations of the paranormal?


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  It may indeed be proper for Bay Area Skeptics to take a look at
  Loyd's new business. However, until that look has taken place, and
  until there is some communication with Loyd -- and he has never
  ducked communication with BAS -- it is out of place to try him in
  the press.

  Loyd Auerbach deserves better treatment than that ... and so does
  Bay Area Skeptics.


  "AUERBACH IN BUSINESS" FLAP
  by Loyd Auerbach

  I read the short piece in the December "BASIS" about my business,
  and I have to say I'm quite disappointed in "BASIS". As you know,
  I've lectured to the Bay Area Skeptics more than a couple of times
  over the past several years, and have had a high regard for your
  group. In discussions with others in parapsychology (and in the
  media, in fact) I have defended Bay Area Skeptics as a group
  tending to be more skeptical than dogmatic, unlike other such
  groups around the country. After reading "Auerbach in Business" I
  may have to rethink my position.

  First of all, let me say that the Office of Paranormal
  Investigations as an organization has been operating for over a
  year. I, of course, have been conducting such investigations for
  ten years now. None of the members of my group think of or refer to
  ourselves as "New Age." What we do has nothing to do with the
  mysticism and spiritual mind-set of New Age folk.
  While our mailing address is Orinda, I will repeat to you what I
  have said to every reporter who has interviewed me: We have no
  physical offices in Orinda or anywhere else. Cost of renting office
  space what it is today, we'd have to have investigations going all
  the time to afford office leasing. There are not enough reported
  cases (or unreported cases, more than likely) in the Bay Area or
  anywhere else to support office space at what we charge.

  We charge for our time, not for a guarantee of removing "any loose
  poltergeists from the premises." Our case typically cost clients
  $50 (exceptions being cases outside of the immediate Bay Area; $100
  for a case in the central valley as one example). Cases typically
  involve two or more investigators, and have included a clinical
  psychologist on more than one occasion.

  Clients get several things out of our investigations, not the least
  of which is someone willing to listen to them. In addition, what
  they get includes: 1) an investigation of a situation which others
  may dismiss as "crazy" without looking into it; 2) an investigation
  in which the primary causes looked for and examined are "normal"
  ones rather than paranormal; 3) referrals to counselors or
  psychologists who can help further, and 4) effectively, a
  "mini-course" on parapsychology and on how easy it is to
  misinterpret ordinary occurrences as paranormal ones.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  "Don't forget to ask about the warranty should you make use of
  their services." To quote our brochure: "O.P.I. does provide a
  thorough investigation in such cases and an understanding of what
  is most likely happening, but NO one can GUARANTEE the removal of
  such phenomena. Our first obligation is to help the clients through
  such situations, and to provide advice or referrals based on
  research and investigative findings."

  So far, O.P.I. is not anywhere near a profit-making venture, with
  any monies taken in used to support our answering services (live
  people to talk to, not a tape) and printing. We do not take every
  call that comes in and rush out and investigate, turning down
  potential cases because the situations don't warrant an
  investigation (perhaps an explanation or referral over the phone).
  In some of the reports there's an easy normal explanation, in
  others, the experience happened too long ago, and in still other
  calls there is the need simply for referral to a clinician who can
  help. We turn many of those down, even though the people are
  willing to pay for us to come out anyway.

  Our investigations are part data-gathering, part explanation, and
  mostly education. If O.P.I. is ever to be a true profit-making
  venture, it will be because of our consultations with the media, as
  well as through seminars and workshops we will be offering in the
  future. We are not really "GHOSTBUSTERS" any more than the Bay Area
  (or any other part of the country) is "spook central, as New York
  was in that film.

  I hope this clears up a few things. Next time, perhaps you'll [The
  Editor] think to check before alienating someone who has never been
  an "enemy of the Bay Area Skeptics".

  [To ask for an attractive brochure listing their services, contact
  the Office of Paranormal Investigations at their "mail drop": P.O.
  Box 875, Orinda, CA 94563-0875. Phone: 415-553-2588.]


  MORE ON FLUORIDATION FLAP (2)
   by Ernest Newbrun, D.M.D., PH.D.
   Professor of Oral Biology and Periodontology
   School of Dentistry
   University of California, San Francisco

  I am amazed that an organization such as Bay Area Skeptics chooses
  to provide a platform for John Lee's paranoid conspiracy theory
  concerning water fluoridation as a "toxic waste product" of
  industry in collusion with "the medical and dental bureaucracies"
  and the U.S. Public Health Service. He has used "BASIS" as a
  platform for his distorted view of this one public health measure
  which has done more than any other in preventing the pain and
  discomfort of tooth decay.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  In citing the Rand Corporation analysis of the National Preventive
  Dentistry Demonstration Program (NPDDP), he totally misrepresents
  their findings which were summarized as follows: "Children's teeth
  found to be healthier than expected. Most preventive measures
  proved to be more expensive -- and less effective. The value of
  water fluoridation underscored."

  John Lee deliberately omitted the conclusion of the Rand analysis
  of the NPDDP that water fluoridation was a "best buy" in terms of
  cost/benefit of caries preventive measures. A review of the
  efficacy of communal water fluoridation in reducing dental caries
  based on surveys conducted in the last decades of caries prevalence
  in fluoridated and nonfluoridated communities in the United States,
  as well as in Australia, Britain, Canada, Ireland and New Zealand
  shows that not only for children and adolescents, but also for
  adults and seniors, there is a consistently and substantially lower
  caries prevalence in fluoridated communities.

  Concerning the safety of water fluoridation, it is well to keep in
  mind the admonition of Paracelsus, "All substances are poisons,
  there is none which is not a poison. The right dose differentiates
  a poison and a remedy." Certainly, fluoride in high dosage is
  toxic. However, at one part per million the safety of communal
  fluoridation has been well documented.


  STATEMENT ON WATER FLUORIDATION
  by Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D.
  (Professor of Biophysics and Medical Physics,
  University of California, Berkeley)

  Fluoridation of drinking water is generally regarded by scientists
  as one of the major achievements in public health nutrition.
  Perhaps the closest analogues are iodized salt to prevent goiter
  and vitamin D in milk to prevent rickets.

  In January 1985, the Federation of American Societies for
  Experimental Biology noted that fluoridation at one part per
  million reduces the incidence of dental caries by about 60 percent.
  Fluoridation is recommended by the World Health Organization and
  the United States National Academy of Sciences. It was included in
  the recent recommendations for Dietary Goals for England.
  Nevertheless, 110 million Americans receive a water supply that is
  deficient in fluoride. If each person in this population gets only
  two extra cavities, the cost of not fluoridating the water is
  estimated to be $3 billion for tooth fillings alone.

  Fortunately, San Francisco is not in this category. However, if
  fluoride is removed from San Francisco drinking water, the cost to
  consumers would be in the millions, not counting pain and
  discomfort to disadvantaged children.

  In the United States, studies began in 1945 with one ppm of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  fluoride being added to the public water systems.

  In the past 35 years, findings from subsequent studies on water
  fluoridation have all verified its action in preventing tooth
  decay. Most important, the method was devoid of harmful effects.
  Despite organized opposition, over 80 million of the United States'
  population are now drinking artificially fluoridated water, while
  another eight million drink natural fluoride water. Six states have
  mandatory water fluoridation laws.

  According to Joseph Volker, DDS, Ph.D. --

      "Water fluoridation is superior to other methods of
      fluoride treatment since no trained personnel are
      required to give the treatment, nor is any extra effort
      required by those benefitted. The time required of the
      dentist for corrective care and the cost per child is
      half of that necessary in nonfluoride areas. For the 88
      million with communal fluoride water supplies the
      reduction in suffering and the financial savings are too
      vast to estimate accurately.

      "Premature loss of primary (baby) teeth resulting from
      dental decay is one of the major causes of crooked teeth
      in children. Children drinking fluoridated water have
      only half as many tooth extractions as those in
      nonfluoridated communities. Consequently, there are less
      malocclusions and less need for preventive and corrective
      orthodontics."

  Through water fluoridation, the maturing of the teeth, during and
  after the cutting state is hastened markedly. Fluoride once built
  into the teeth is retained through the entire lifetime of the
  individual. The cost of fluoridation is about 25 cents per person
  per year. The lifetime cost for a person living for 70 years will
  be about $17 to reduce dental bills by about 60 percent.

  Opposition to fluoridation is based on scare tactics and
  misrepresentation of science. Fluorides are represented as "toxic
  and corrosive." This is not true at one part per million. For that
  matter, sodium and chlorine, which combine to form table salt, are
  both toxic and corrosive in the elemental state.

  Fluorine as fluoride is a nutritionally essential trace element,
  like iron zinc or iodine. Fluoridation of drinking water has no
  positive or negative effect on incidence of mortality rates due to
  cancer, heart disease, intracranial lesions, nephritis, cirrhosis,
  mongoloid births, or from all causes together. The Director General
  of the World Health Organization stated in 1975: "Fluoridation of
  communal water supplies should be the cornerstone of any national
  program of dental caries prevention." WHO also pointed out that
  preliminary studies indicated that increased fluoride intake after
  permanent tooth eruption may improve the strength of bones in older
  people.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  The status of fluoridation was appraised by Dr. Virginia L.
  Richmond in "Thirty years of fluoridation: A Review," in the
  "American Journal of Clinical Nutrition", January 1985, vol. 41,
  pp. 129-138, with 80 references. I strongly recommend this as a
  reference work.

  [Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., is a long time advisor to Bay Area
  Skeptics.]


  WHAT CULTS ARE REALLY LIKE -- WITH MARGARET THALER SINGER
  by Carol Baumgartner

  Are You Cult Material? You very well may be, if you are mild or
  moderately mannered, if you are a depressed type of personality, if
  you suffer from guilt feelings, feelings of inadequacy, or if you
  are the gullible type of person, according to Margaret Thaler
  Singer, Ph.D., who spoke to a meeting of Bay Area Skeptics in
  November.

  These are just a few of the types of people who can be easily
  manipulated and recruited into a cult through thought reform
  programs. Everyone, at some time in their life can be susceptible
  to being drawn into a cult. No one is totally immune.

  The process is basically to recruit, indoctrinate, then totally
  control members and to maintain that control to promote their
  ideology. Cults maintain control and manipulate with rewards and
  punishments. Deceptive methods are used to recruit people, then
  their guilt is used against them to manipulate them. Persons are
  told that the "Secrets of Life" will be revealed to them and that
  all non-members are lesser beings and when they come into the group
  they will learn the secrets.

  Many people drop out of school, give up their careers and friends.
  Engagements, marriages, and families are broken up. Prospective
  cult members are taken away from their support system and told that
  their past life is "No good." They are made to feel guilty over
  their past. Cult members lives are ultimately under the total
  control of the leaders of the cult. There is control of all
  communication with former friends, family members, and even with
  other cult members. Cult members are made to feel powerless. They
  are manipulated and made to feel guilty whenever possible.

  While attending San Diego State University, Robin Kliger was
  introduced to the Shri Chinmoy Cult. She dropped out of school
  after undergoing several months of indoctrination. She was a member
  of Shri Chinmoy for over eight and a half years and became their
  Chief of Public Relations. She expressed to her parents that she
  had desires to leave this cult but felt that she could not break
  away because of feeling psychologically paralyzed. She was moved
  underground by the cult, so her parents could not find her and then


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  moved to another country. She was eventually kidnapped by her
  parents through de-programming. Robin gave us valuable insight into
  what motivates people to join cults and how very hard it is for
  those same people to break away from the psychological terrorism of
  cult life.

  There are over 5,000 cults in the United States, some are
  religious, some are health related, and some are the UFO cults to
  name a few. Many of these cults, are multi-million dollar
  organizations which operate under tax exempt non-profit 501-C-3
  status.


  STEINER PUZZLE FLAP
  by Fred Convers

  In regard to "Answer to Puzzle Number One" (Nov. 1990):

  Bob Steiner is probably just trying to show how easily we can be
  taken if we don't bother to do probability arithmetic.

  First, assume a large population with the usual 1:1 sex ratio. The
  order is of no significance, as is more easily seen with three
  children. The known girl has a 1.00 probability of being a girl;
  the others 0.50. Thus, there is a 1.00 x 0.50 x 0.50 = 0.25
  probability they are three girls. It matters not where the 1.00 is
  placed.

  In the two child problem, consider all cases:

  The first may be assumed the girl and the second unknown: then the
  probability is 1.00 x 0.50 = 0.50:

  The second may be assumed the girl and the first unknown: then the
  probability is 0.50 x 1.00 = 0.50.

  Or 1.00 x 0.50 = 0.50 x 1.00 = 0.50 (one in two).

  The table is (perhaps deliberately) misleading. On first glance,
  one assumes that probabilities are to be equal for each possible
  number. In fact:


  Possibility Number Probability

      1          0.50
      2          0.25
      3          0.25
      4          0.00
                ----
  Total            1.00

  Second, consider a small population:

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  Two girls and two boys are in a room. Two of them are mine, one a
  girl. What are the odds that both of mine are girls?

      "What would life be like without arithmetic but a scene
       of horrors?"         -- Sydney Smith 1835

  [Other readers of "BASIS" and the BBS have also commented on the
  math of BOB STEINER's puzzle.]


  1991 European Skeptical Congress
  CALL FOR PAPERS

  Place: Amsterdam, The Netherlands
  Time: Friday 4th and Saturday 5th October 1991
  Language of Discourse: English
  Level: Scientifically interested laymen
  Presentation period: About 35 minutes, followed by 10 minutes of
    discussion

  Potential speakers are invited to submit abstracts before April
  15th, 1991. Full-length papers should be submitted before October
  1st, 1991. It is expected that the talk will comprise a compressed
  version of this paper.

  Papers should preferably deal with RECENT INVESTIGATIONS, or
  discuss EMPIRICAL DATA that fellow skeptics will consider worth
  knowing.

  No unifying topic is required, but the following deserve particular
  attention in view of the forthcoming European integration:

  Policies of governmental and societal groups (e.g. insurance
  companies) about pseudoscience and the paranormal. Under
  "government" should be considered the legislative, executive and
  judicial branches.

  Subtopics could be:

  => policies in the field of health

  => policies in the field of education, e.g. school projects in
  teaching and critical thinking

  => funding of research into the paranormal (e.g. earth rays,
  alternative medicine)

  => taxation policies (deductibility of services like dowsing,
  astrological consulting, clairvoyance, etc.)

  Abstracts, full length papers and inquiries should be directed to


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
     Dr. J. W. NIENHUYS
     Dommelseweg 1A
     5581 VA Waalre
     The NETHERLANDS


  "BAD CHEMICALS"
    by Wallace I. Sampson, M.D.
    Clinical Professor of Medicine
    Stanford University

  [This letter was sent to KQED by long time Bay Area Skeptics
  advisor Dr. Sampson. It has been edited and considerably
  shortened.]

  A long time member of KQED, I am more than disappointed, (frankly,
  just short of enraged) to have seen KQED sponsor fiction as news --
  the program "Bad Chemicals" shown December 30th. The entire
  production staff should be embarrassed by this piece of just plain
  bad reporting. It is non-factual, and prejudiced. Apparently the
  staff has been duped into believing and supporting a phenomenon of
  imagined wrongs, conversion reactions, fakery, misdiagnosis, and
  pseudoscience, all supported by a social system that reinforces
  beliefs that are so stupid, they strain belief.

  First, commercially used chemicals account for only two percent of
  all cancers. "Natural" chemicals in food probably account for over
  30 percent, and most of those have not been tested. Second,
  reactions to chemicals are well known and described in scientific
  medical literature. The people shown in the program do not have
  chemical sensitivities or toxicities.

  I am asked to believe that a woman troubled by headaches and nausea
  who disappears from her husband and children, and isolates herself
  in a Berkeley apartment for ten years is a victim of chemical
  sensitivities, and not of her own personality disorder.

  The narrator claims that "sick building syndrome" costs one hundred
  billion dollars a year. That is one fourth of the annual medical
  costs in the US. I am expected to believe it?

  Inter-spaced are segments showing physicians and psychologists
  explaining the symptoms and disabilities. What would they be doing
  without these patients? Are they good enough to practice medicine
  without reinforcing delusion? Are they just telling these patients
  what they want to hear?

  We are then treated to the interview of an entrepreneur who sells
  products to the afflicted. Including those phased to the lunar
  cycle! There's talent for marketing that should be rewarded. There
  are more than two ways to make a buck here.

  For entertainment, we see Ms. Saltzman, who sacrificed herself to

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  the media by not sniffing the film crew beforehand so that she
  could demonstrate her muscle dysfunction. I've seen better acts in
  emergency rooms by addicts demanding drugs, and by poor actors who
  want attention. Well, she got her fifteen minutes of fame. But she
  forgot to alter her speech to be consistent with the contortions of
  her arms and legs. This was not an effect of chemicals. It was
  fakery or delusion.

  A dentist insists that his symptoms are due to chemicals, yet he
  admits he had the equivalent of a nervous breakdown in his office
  at the time.

  The attempt to show Drs. Terr and Brodsky were apparently for
  balance. These two respected authorities in the field were
  portrayed as unfair, lackies of chemical companies, and uncaring
  for patients. Although they were given thirty seconds for fairness
  to explain their points of views, the editorializing for the other
  side was unmistakable.

  The program was inaccurate, naive, prejudiced, and completely
  missed the point of the phenomenon of EI. The people with the
  symptoms do have somatization. It is usually a reaction to
  depression and intolerance to stressful situations. It was
  described by FREUD in his famous case histories. It is
  characteristic of patients to lack insight into their problems,
  they are often not good candidates for direct psychotherapy, and
  are very difficult to handle because of their paranoia. The
  clinical ecology doctors who support them are not only wrong, they
  reinforce their patients' delusions instead of helping them to gain
  insight.


  THE SKEPTIC'S ELECTRONIC BULLETIN BOARD
  => 2400 Baud, 415-648-8944
  => 24 hours, 7 days a week
  => Rick Moen, Sysop


  STANFORD COURSE IN MEDICAL FRAUDS

  Wallace Sampson, M.D., a founder and longtime advisor to BAY AREA
  SKEPTICS, has announced additional lectures of the annual course
  in medical fads.

  => Feb. 5: The Cult Experience -- Margaret Thaler Singer,
   Ph.D., U.C. Berkeley
  => Feb. 12: Effects of Radiation and Electromagnetic Fields --
   Leonard Sagan, M.D., Electric Power Research Institute, Palo
   Alto
  => Feb. 12: Holistic Medicine, Charlatan Therapy, Homeopathy --
   Wallace Sampson, M.D., Stanford
  => Feb. 19: Effects of Herbicides and Pesticides -- J. Gordon

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
   Edwards, Ph.D. -- Dept. of Biological Sciences, San Jose State
  => Feb. 26: Mentalism, Magic, Psychic Surgery, Con Games --
   Robert Steiner, Esq.
  => Mar. 5: Holism, Quantum Mechanics, and Extrasensory Perception
   -- A Panel of Physicists to be announced.
  => Mar. 12: "Dead Week" optional lecture by student vote.

  For information regarding the exact location and possible course
  changes, call Dr. Sampson at 415-961-5548, or The Skeptic's Board
  BBS at 415-648-8944. Future classes will be announced in these
  pages.


  PRIZE FOR BEST ANSWER

  How many psychics does it take to screw in a light bulb? (Blank
  pages don't count!)


  ----------------------------------
  | This box has been turned over |
  | to the skeptical astrologer, |
  | who has been promised complete |
  | editorial freedom.             |
  |                        |
  |                        |
  |                        |
  |                        |
  |                        |
  |                        |
  |                        |
  ----------------------------------


  FOOD FRAUD

  The flim-flam, double talk of food labeling and commercials is
  unbelievable. It misleads people into thinking certain foods are
  healthy when they are not! People can be tricked and end up being
  candidates for heart attacks, cancer, obesity and/or diabetes.

  Ann del Tredici, a nutritionist and registered dietician, will
  demonstrate how deceptive labeling "dopes" the public into thinking
  that they are using healthy foods.

  The president-elect of the American Heart Association, Marin
  Chapter, will also offer easy to remember guidelines will be
  offered for safe and healthy food choices when shopping.

  Learn, once and for all, how to read a label properly without going
  to law school!


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  CALENDAR
  February meeting . . .
  TRICKS AND DECEPTIONS OF FOOD LABELING
  by: Ann del Tredici, R.N.
  Wednesday, February 20th, 7:30 pm
  El Cerrito Library

  The El Cerrito Public Library is at 6510 Stockton Ave. From Route
  80, take the Central Ave. exit (the third exit north of University
  Ave.). Go east about three blocks and turn left on San Pablo Ave.,
  continue three blocks and turn right on Stockton. The library is on
  the right in the third block.

  Watch for coming events in the BAS CALENDAR, or call 415-LA TRUTH
  for up-to-the-minute details on events. If you have ideas about
  topics or speakers leave a message on the hotline.

  WARNING: We STRONGLY URGE that you call the hotline shortly before
  attending any Calendar activity to see if there have been any
  changes.


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling
  Kate Talbot


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Yves Barbero, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Wilma Russell, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation
  Kate Talbot, meeting coordinator; John Taube, media watch


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the February, 1991 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1991 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
