{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T10:57:47Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 52061, "source_ctime_ns": 1788588350613153027, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-01.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788588350610234552, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "5d9a2af95b02652e4792c26147ec4cc71220932703bc38b9b1eb9f9cc73f1979"}

---------------------------------------------------------
  January 1987 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ---------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 6, No. 1
              Editor: Kent Harker


  A CHALLENGE TO ALL PSYCHICS IN THE SAN FRANCISCO BAY AREA

  We are Bay Area Skeptics (BAS), a group of people willing to test
  paranormal claims. We are committed to finding out the truth about
  so-called psychic powers, whatever that truth may be.

  We hereby issue the following challenge to any and all psychics and
  psychic researchers in the Bay Area: Show us just one psychic
  power, of any kind, that can be demonstrated to be real under
  properly controlled scientific test conditions. Claims of psychic
  powers are abundant -- but we want to see somebody who can actually
  demonstrate a genuine ability at telepathy, precognition,
  clairvoyance, psychokinesis, paranormal healing, or any other
  alleged psychic power.

  If you are psychic, it is to your advantage to accept this
  challenge: first, because of the monetary reward being offered, and
  second, because of the recognition and prestige you will achieve
  as the first person to successfully demonstrate such powers to a
  group of knowledgeable skeptics.

  Various persons associated with Bay Area Skeptics have offered a
  total of $11,000.00 to any person who can demonstrate any psychic
  power under properly controlled scientific test conditions.
  Furthermore, James "The Amazing" Randi, of Florida, has for decades
  offered $10,000.00 for proof of any psychic power performed under
  properly controlled conditions. Bay Area Skeptics will promptly
  report to Randi anyone whose powers seem worthy of testing. In both
  cases, the conditions of the test will be arranged in advance with
  the person claiming psychic ability, and the test will not begin
  until all concerned parties agree to the arrangement.

  Think of the enormous recognition that would be given to the first
  person to convince the world's most outspoken skeptics of the
  reality of psychic powers! Think also of the tremendous benefit to
  science and humanity if the existence of miraculous powers for
  healing and obtaining knowledge could at long last be proven!

  There is probably no other place in the United States where the
  number of alleged psychics, and the degree of belief in psychic
  powers, is as high as here in the Bay Area. Psychic readers,
  healers, etc., abound in San Francisco, Berkeley, San Jose, and
  throughout the Bay Area. We challenge anyone to prove that the
  claims are scientifically valid.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  If you believe you have genuine psychic powers, the advantages of
  accepting this challenge are considerable.

  We may be reached at:
   Bay Area Skeptics
   Attn.: Challenge
   Box 60
   Concord, CA 94522.

  If you are interested in being tested on your scientific claim,
  please submit a letter including the following:

  A precise, clear statement of your claim.

  Specifics of what you would do in a scientific test.

  Specifics as to what you would consider to be scientific proof of
  your claims. Include methods and statistical requirements. Realize
  that what you do must be beyond chance expectations.

  A statement that you understand and agree that all of the
  proceedings are to be considered on the record -- either side is
  free to publish what has transpired.

  A statement that you understand and agree that the test must be
  agreed to in advance, in writing, by both parties, or there will
  be no test.

  A statement that you understand and agree that failure to agree to
  the specifications of the test shall not constitute grounds for a
  legal claim for damages.

  Your claim must be:

  CLEAR. A statement such as "You might have had some heart trouble"
  is not clear.

  UNDERSTANDABLE. A statement such as "You have to get more centered"
  is not understandable.

  SPECIFIC. A statement such as "You have now or within the past
  three years had some involvement in a relationship or an
  investment" is too vague.

  SCIENTIFIC. If you claim that "A" will happen, then if "A" does
  not happen, you have failed to prove your claim.

  TESTABLE. A statement such as "You will be upset within the next
  three months" is not testable.

  SIGNIFICANTLY ACCURATE. Your performance must be accurate beyond
  what would be expected by chance.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  DEMONSTRABLY PSYCHIC OR PARANORMAL. For example, some claimed
  psychics predicted that the Democrats would run a woman for Vice
  President in 1984. Many political analysts made the same
  prediction.

  We look forward to your reply.


  JANUARY 26: MARS EFFECT PROBLEM: 15 YEARS OF CONTROVERSY.
  Astrologers have long pointed to M. Gauquelin's statistical
  evidence for planetary influence on successful careers as "proof"
  there is something to astrology after all. BAS Board Member
  Lawrence Jerome disagrees, and will give a visually-aided talk
  explaining why he feels the "Mars Effect" on successful athletes
  is strictly a statistical effect with no basis in reality. Be
  prepared to have your mathematical imagination stretched to the
  breaking point! (if you find it difficult to mentally correlate the
  motion of Mars with the yearly and daily movements of the earth,
  don't worry, Jerome has a computer-simulation program that does the
  work for you; he will have his program up and running during the
  talk). DAY/DATE: Tuesday, January 27, 1987. TIME: 7:30 pm. PLACE:
  Saratoga Public Library, 13650 Saratoga Ave., Saratoga. Directions:
  From Route 280, take the Saratoga Avenue exit southbound toward
  Saratoga. Proceed 4 miles to the library, which is on the left.


  C-FOR-ALL

  You will have fewer colds, milder colds. All are familiar with this
  dictum, especially since the 1970 publication of Linus Pauling's
  book on everyman's vitamin, ascorbic acid (a.k.a., ascorbate,
  vitamin C, hexuronic acid, etc.). Seafarers bore the brunt of C
  deficiency: scurvy, the terrifying condition that usually brought
  agonizing death to its victims. Homo Sapiens is not capable of
  making its own C (vitamins are substances we must have in minute
  amounts but cannot make ourselves). Apparently C is so easily
  obtainable from a normal diet that it was not evolutionarily
  selective -- it is adaptively neutral -- for our bodies to make it.
  Most species make their own C, so it is not a vitamin for them.

  Frank Levy, a disciple of the Pauling institute, author and
  advocate of the miracles of C stood opposite Wallace Sampson, MD,
  for the December meeting. Dr. Sampson, a Stanford U. oncologist
  and advisor to BAS has specifically followed the C controversy over
  the last 15 years and has the biological, biochemical,
  physiological, and pathogenic facts and direct experience. In a
  very loose debate style, the audience heard the evidence on both
  sides of this highly polarized subject.

  Mr. Levy began with a catalogue of maladies and conditions that
  seemed to respond to mega (and I mean Mega) dosage of C: Colds,
  flu, pneumonia, general healing, many cancers, heart attack,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  atherosclerosis, aging, skin color and texture, allergies, etc. The
  skeptical ear is already beginning to ring.

  About 10-15 mg/day of C (a carefully cooked, unpeeled potato has
  about 25 mg) is required to keep us scurvy free, so nutritionists
  set about five times this amount in the recommended daily allowance
  (RDA) to ensure adequate coverage. It seems conventional wisdom
  works this way: If X (the RDA) is good, 2X is twice as good, so
  early "C-eeies" reported wonders with 200-400 mg. This formula is
  easily extrapolated to factors of hundreds. We should conceivably
  have a "C-ration" bar (100% ascorbic) to munch on throughout the
  day.

  Anecdotal stories come in, and limited investigations are
  conducted, often by unsophisticated groups unfamiliar with the
  rigors of formal epidemiological studies. Failed replication by
  skeptical researchers are more often faulted for using too small
  a dose. This, despite the fact that early studies conducted by
  believers obtained significance in the 300 mg. range when that was
  thought to be a large dose. The rainbow seems always to recede
  before cautious investigators. One institute does a double blind
  study with 250 mg/day for three months with no significance. By
  this time, the advocates are using 700 mg/day. New studies are done
  with 500 mg dosage and by the time they are finished
  inconclusively, C-people are up to 1100 mg. If the exponents are
  correct that successful results can be obtained only by using
  maximum-tolerance quantities, it is the only substance for which
  the body shows no "dosage sensitivity." All other compounds we take
  into our system seem to have this sensitivity, i.e., increased
  dosage will gradually increase the effect.

  What is the current recommended dosage per the advocates? "Bowel
  tolerance(!)" In other words, keep pumping it in until your body
  finally reacts violently, as if to say, "Enough!" and sends you on
  a diarrheic fit. Americans have not only the most expensive urine,
  it appears we are vying for all-conference stool. For the average
  person, "bowel tolerance" is around 20 grams -- 400 TIMES the RDA!
  This would require the ingestion of about 75 lbs. of potatoes per
  day, for example, to get that much C. Our good fortune must be that
  modern chemistry can synthesize and concentrate many of natures
  products, thus relieving us of the necessity of eating bushels of
  foodstuffs every day to remain healthy. Whether one accepts
  creation or evolution, our inability to obtain 20 grams of C per
  day NATURALLY does not make much sense if indeed we require that
  much. The wonders of C we heard made me think it would probably
  make my car run better.

  There is a downside, as one would expect, to high dosage. The body
  is not an inert container into which may be poured anything in any
  amounts. Literally anything is toxic at some level. Drinking
  enormous quantities of pure water can be fatal if the kidneys
  cannot handle it fast enough. For persons with renal difficulties,
  mega C can produce potentially dangerous stones and other
  complications.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  Mr. Levy brought up the fact that some species which make their own
  C do it in very large quantities -- as much as 25 grams per day.
  Dr. Sampson countered that it is not enough to make such an
  observation, but to understand WHY a given animal does so. It is
  a mistake to make across-the-board comparisons between species,
  even closely related ones, and this is a case in point. Those
  species that do make such large amounts ARE ABLE TO USE IT FOR
  CELLULAR METABOLIC PROCESSES. Their body chemistries are able to
  reduce the ascorbic acid to molecules that can be "burned" as
  actual food in the cell. Our biochemical factories are not as
  efficient in this regard, for we cannot metabolize the C to a point
  where it is useful for oxidation in the cell -- we simply excrete
  what is not used in its vitamin function. So the comparison is
  totally invalid.

  The long and short of the question is that the C advocates have not
  presented replicable, carefully conducted studies to make the case
  they claim. Of course, the burden of proof rests on the claimants,
  but they want the scientific community to "disprove" their
  (unfounded) statements. And their thesis is backed largely by
  anecdotal and personal observations; Mr. Levy's presentation was
  certainly no exception to this.

  Alas, it seems we are left with the difficulty of eating properly.
  The conclusion Dr. Sampson left us with is that a normally healthy
  person in normal circumstances can cover his/her nutritional
  requirements quite nicely with a well-balanced diet. But, this
  takes more effort than popping pills.


  "IT IS NOT SUPERFLUOUS TO POINT OUT THE OBVIOUS."
    - Bob Steiner


  FROM THE CHAIR
  by Robert Sheaffer

  Best Holiday wishes to everyone! Assuming everything goes
  according to plan, shortly before this issue reaches you, the Bay
  Area Skeptics will have released to the nation's news media our
  annual year-end review of "psychic predictions". Keep watching your
  local papers, TV, radio news and talk programs for coverage. If you
  ever ask yourself what good it does to have an organization like
  the Bay Area Skeptics, when you see news coverage we have
  generated, estimate the size of the audience being reached by the
  story you saw, multiply that by many times (as there are many other
  papers and stations carrying it), and I think you'll have your
  answer.

  1986 was a typical bad year for the "psychics," as indeed was every
  year for which we have records. I won't go into the details here,


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  because we will bring you the complete text of our press release
  in a forthcoming issue. Let me give you my favorite, however, Jeane
  Dixon's prediction for the Philippines: Ferdinand Marcos would be
  a shoo-in for re-election!

  With this issue we have a new editor, Kent Harker, previously our
  treasurer, and at least for the moment holding down both roles. I
  apologize for the delays and the uncertainty in bringing out BASIS
  to you, the subscriber. At the conclusion of Ray Spangenberg and
  Diane Moser's tenure as editors, we made arrangements with another
  editor, but those plans fell through. Kent, thank goodness, was
  willing to pick up the pieces, and take on this very important
  role, in a timely manner. Without his assistance, there would be
  even more delays in getting this newsletter to you. Ray and Diane,
  I should add, remain active in BAS, even though they are no longer
  editors. Many thanks, Ray and Diane, for the editing work you have
  done, and for the organizational and public contact work you
  continue to do. And many thanks to Kent, whose willingness to take
  on additional responsibility has kept things flowing smoothly.

  Sometimes we are slow at times in getting things done, but if it
  is any consolation, BAS is actually in better shape than most
  local, and even many national, skeptics' groups. What all these
  groups have in common is, of course, that they are volunteer in
  nature. The $15 yearly subscription revenues from a few hundred
  readers barely covers the cost of printing and mailing the
  newsletter. Many of our people are skilled professionals in various
  fields, and have relatively little free time. Their time is worth
  a lot of money, but they are donating it because they believe in
  the value of our work.

  So when things sometimes seem to go a little slowly we hope your
  reaction will be patience and gratitude that these efforts are
  being made. Many other skeptics' groups are facing even more
  difficult struggles. Some of the biggest groups are sometimes quite
  irregular in their publishing schedules, and others have yet to put
  out anything, even after years of talking. We can be proud of our
  efforts, which have made the Bay Area Skeptics second to none among
  local groups. It is encouraging to see the local skeptics' movement
  continue to grow, despite the many obstacles.

  I hear from CSICOP headquarters in Buffalo that the influence and
  success of the local groups has been so great that many new people
  are approaching them, asking about forming local associations in
  areas where none now exist. We of the Bay Area Skeptics can
  justifiably take pride in being pioneers in a movement which is
  growing so rapidly, and is beginning to exert influence in many
  areas.

  Finally, let me give you a few news items from our sister
  organizations across the country:

  The South Shore Skeptic (P.O. Box 5083, Cleveland, OH 44101)
  reports that their group hopes to be listed soon on the Cleveland

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  Free-Net, a free computer bulletin board for nationwide
  information exchange. They could thus become a valuable source of
  information for students, educators, and media representatives. I
  don't know if they can yet be reached in this way, but the number
  of the Free-Net is (216) 368-3888 (modems only, please -- no
  humans). If anyone succeeds in getting through to our skeptical
  friends in Ohio like this, please let BASIS know. (I have all but
  given up on bulletin boards. Most of them just laugh at my puny 300
  baud modem when I try to log on. They kick sand in my face, and log
  me off.) BAS is interested in similar bulletin boards for BASIS
  subscribers, so if you are aware of any give us the information
  and we will print a listing.

  From the world center of skepticism comes word of the Western New
  York Skeptics (3151 Bailey Ave., Buffalo, NY 14215). Their
  organization's first public meeting featured Mr. Amazing Randi
  speaking on "faith healing". That's what I call getting started off
  on the right foot! Barry Karr of CSICOP has been elected chairman.
  They have already investigated The Reverend Willard Fuller, who
  practices "psychic dentistry". He claims to effect miraculous
  filling of dental cavities. (No, I am not making this up!) The
  skeptics, accompanied by many reporters, attended his "healing
  session" but witnessed no miracles. Undaunted, the Reverend Fuller
  told his flock that "about 80% of the miracles occur after the
  meeting is over." Well, somebody must believe this, or he wouldn't
  keep at it!


  WHAT IS A SKEPTIC?

  "Say, what do you think about that, Mort?"

  "Well, I'm skeptical. It seems there are a lot of other
  possibilities."

  The setting is anytime, anywhere. Friends, associates, casual
  contacts -- the characters don't matter. The script, however, is
  pretty much the same, with responses varying from dismay to
  outright hostility. Skepticism seems to be associated with cynicism
  and bigotry in the public mind.

  I don't think it would be a glib observation to say that most
  people will accept the assertions of others on the face of them.
  The world view of most is generally acquired by haphazard accretion
  without a great deal of conscious control over the input, e.g.,
  anecdotal and TV , and I don't think that is an elitist statement.
  Expressed skepticism may represent an unconscious threat to that
  world view and may elicit strong opposition, even to the surprise
  of the interlocutor.

  Perhaps "closed-mindedness", "narrow-minded" or the extreme of
  "bigotry" are the principal epithets nailed to our back whenever
  we express skepticism. Mention that you are affiliated with

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  skeptics in any formal sense, and you may find yourself alone at
  the water cooler. Group conversations may suddenly turn as
  amorphous as library paste when you join company.

  "What do skeptics believe?" is a frequent inquiry after a
  declaration of skepticism. "Anything," I joyfully rejoin. "As long
  as it can be backed up by some sound reasons for believing. There
  is nothing sacred about whatever I believe -- I am ready to scrap
  any concept I have if it can be shown to be in error. There are
  assuredly things I accept as 'true,' or 'most likely' but that are
  false, and I would like to rid myself of them." This seems to parry
  the narrow-mindedness volley before it is served. And it is not
  just a polemic to "win" an argument, but a true skeptical position.

  In fact, skepticism is penultimate open-mindedness. The skeptic is
  not committed to a particular viewpoint until the evidence is in.
  He/she is in the best possible position because he/she has no a
  priori position. The individual who is formally committed to an
  absolute stance has cut him/herself off from further inquiry. UFOs
  may be alien space craft, but there are many other possibilities
  one should not eliminate first.

  And the world wants absolutes. The crystallization of epistemology
  and refinement of the scientific method seems to have produced a
  single absolute: There are no absolutes. It is comforting for some
  to believe that the control of their lives is extrinsic and fated.
  It is uncomfortable for many to live with the notion that almost
  anything we now accept may be wrong. But such is the tenuous nature
  of human knowledge. Of course, in practical terms we do not operate
  with such tenuousity -- we forge ahead with boldness and courage,
  facing life as though we are much more certain than we are, because
  we realize that much of the uncertainty is uncertainty in
  principle.

  Most skeptics would be only too happy to learn how to transport
  their bodies from home to office through the astral plane. I'm sure
  Bob Steiner would give up sleight of hand if bending spoons with
  his mind really worked.

  Caution is a virtue when it comes to accepting an idea, so the
  skeptic need not be apologetic about his/her position.


  ON THE RAMPARTS

  I would like to have a column for comments on newspaper articles
  submitted by BASIS readers. With the variety of newspapers BASIS
  subscribers read, I'm sure all would be interested in the
  happenings in the fringe world as reported in the various
  newspapers of the nation.

  When you find articles touching on the areas of skeptical inquiry,
  clip, snip and mail them to BAS, attn.: Editor, or send them

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  directly to me, Kent Harker, P.O. Box 32451, San Jose, CA 95152.
  If you would like to add some comments please do. This column will
  be a brief overview of some of the more significant or bizarre
  happenings in the areas of our interest.

  You are also encouraged to submit your own articles for publication
  in BASIS. If you have some pet theory or interesting observation
  about the world of psi please send it in. Submissions become the
  property of BASIS, and items will not be returned, so keep copies
  of your work for yourself. If you have computers, send the article
  unformatted on a disk or you may arrange for electronic file
  transfer. Your ideas are valuable to BAS, so share you knowledge
  and experience.

  "S.F. CHRONICLE", 4/2/86: "Healing Thru Visualization"
  "The power of the imagination is a great factor in medicine: it may
  produce diseases in man and it may cure them."

  If we can become ill by our mental attitudes, cannot we undo the
  damage by reversing becoming positive? The "Chron." article says
  yes. Appears there are cassette tapes one can buy, seminars to
  attend, group therapy sessions and what have you. Clearly, if one's
  condition is psychosomatic, a positive mental attitude coupled with
  some form of "visualization" may well be effective. The nostrum
  ends there, however. It is well established that high stress may
  cause ulcers; once the damage has been done, will mental attitude
  heal the ulcer? Removal of the causative factor (stress) will allow
  the body to heal. Does this formula work with an invasive disease
  like cancer? Skeptical studies seem to indicate that the pathogens
  just don't know we are having good, positive thoughts.

  From "The Union Democrat", subscriber Chris Baldo sends some
  coverage about the local color. The article is about a special
  group of dowsers: Map Dowsers. That's right. They don't need to do
  all that dirty field work. They bring the job to the comfort of
  home. The accompanying picture shows the intrepid group hard a work
  over the living room table covered with maps. They claim they are
  not limited to only finding water. They can find anything in the
  ground. If we ask them to be tested I'm afraid they will reduce
  their claim to one of finding dirt. For years the dowsers have
  claimed the force that moves their witching wands was the "water
  vein." That won't hold water now that they only need hold their
  wands over a map. So you good skeptics up there in Sonoma, contact
  some of these people and let's see if they will submit their claims
  to some rigorous testing!


  TREASURER SPEAKS

  I'm going over to the other side of the room, donning my
  treasurer's cap. Handling the money you send in for subscriptions
  is a simple and interesting task. We have subscribers from all
  parts of the nation and walks of life.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  Robert Sheaffer's "From The Chair" article tells a little about the
  all-volunteer effort to make BAS work. I would like to add that
  the big volunteers are you out there; especially several who have
  donated amounts up to $100! When I make out the checks to the
  printer (he, unfortunately, must be paid) we just squeak by, often
  only after a board member antes a little extra. There have been at
  least three months when the extra amount sent by some gracious
  donor saved us from the fire. You must have been psychic. Thank
  you very much for that extra effort and support.


  EDITOR'S CORNER

  "These new vitamins will do some things for you that you will not
  believe!" my glib entrepreneur announced.

  His presentation was smooth, backed by a professional video
  featuring an M.D. who assured me that the product was the finest
  in the world and that some highly regarded medical people supported
  it 100%. The salesperson was nonplussed when I asked what evidence
  there was for some of the claims of glowing health and relief from
  chronic ailments he had mentioned. With genuine astonishment on his
  face he asked, "Didn't you just see the video and what the doctor
  said?"

  I reminded him the good doctor had only said that the product was
  the finest in the world and that it was backed by a panel of
  scientific experts -- the only specific claims offered were those
  of the salesperson himself.

  "But," he rejoined, "you should see what has happened to the people
  who have used this product!"

  That was his case. When asked if he knew what an epidemiological
  study was he became irritated at my failure to understand the
  import of this miracle food supplement. "I'll have to move on to
  those who are TRULY interested in better health," he said.

  This is a societal flaw, I think. And it comes from our unfulfilled
  magical thinking. As sophisticated as we think we are, we still
  seem to need magic. Nothing seems to grab the public eye faster
  than products that start their huckstering with "miracle," or
  "secret." Include an arcane formula and the backing of some famous
  name (even a famous LOCATION will do!) or highly respected group
  (M.D.'s if you can) and the product will seems to have some special
  magnetism.

  The vitamin pusher said that a certain combination in his formula
  "almost negated the effects of smoking." So rather than a
  healthful, balanced regimen, regular exercise, proper rest, no
  smoking, etc., all you have to do is take his pill. It's magic.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  The quick fix has an allure that is incredibly powerful. Forgive
  the personal references (they are the only ones I have), but when
  my physician told me twelve years ago I had a fully metastatic
  cancer and that the prognosis was not good at all, I thought very
  hard about laetrile as he and his staff were drawing pen lines on
  my neck and head for the areas they intended to surger. Radical,
  somewhat disfiguring surgery, with no guarantees -- or apricot
  pits. Like a fool, I opted for the knife, and the success of my
  case didn't get a big write up in the annals of anecdotal cures by
  laetrile.

  The commonality in all this "secret" or "miraculous" seems to be
  the promise. The promise of instant wealth, instant health, instant
  joy and happiness; the secret of happiness, the secret of wealth.
  The real world offers no promises. All those things we desire so
  much require discipline, courage, effort; we would all rather have
  what we want in a box, book, or a capsule.

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the January, 1987 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1987 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
