{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T10:19:34Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 65578, "source_ctime_ns": 1790299680400290685, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-01.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790299680397593484, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "788766870b00ba1d342084513c0ac1e412e8d23255421f5bb97c52fe9917f773"}

---------------------------------------------------------
  January 1989 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ---------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 8, No. 1
              Editor: Kent Harker


  I CAN SEE CLEARLY NOW
  by Don Henvick

  [Our resident psychic mole, Don Henvick, can't keep his hands out
  of the cookie jar for very long. He's at it again, this time at
  SRI. While many skeptics try to carefully work themselves into a
  situation to witness what goes on inside, Don brazenly barges in
  unannounced, unregistered and unwanted! Don doesn't like the
  armchair theorizing of which most of us less ambitious sorts are
  guilty -- he will be in the thick of things or he has nothing to
  say.

  Don is becoming something of a minor celebrity around the circuit
  for his imaginative exploits. It's always a pleasure to learn about
  his latest feather rufflings.]

  D'ya remember SRI? You know, the research outfit that got involved
  with Uri Geller and parapsychology "experiments" back in the
  seventies? Remember Targ and Puthoff and how they tried to put the
  stamp of scientific legitimacy on metal bending, remote viewing and
  "you-name-it-we'll-believe-it"? Remember how silly they all looked
  once critics got a good look at how they actually did their work?
  Well, settle back in your chair with a big bowl of popcorn. It's
  time to watch "SRI-II: The Nightmare Continues."

  In June I hear about screening going on at SRI for participants in
  remote viewing experiments. It's only open to SRI employees but
  through the good offices of some skeptical employees there, I get
  inside to see what is going on. What is going on is that a hundred
  or so SRI people have gathered in an auditorium to listen to Edwin
  May describe SRI's involvement in "psychoenergetics," or ESP to us
  common folk. He tells us the program started in '72, reached its
  public height with Targ and Puthoff in '76 and then continued in
  a more quiet vein since then.

  Translation: since the Targ-Puthoff work was shown to be so shoddy
  once it appeared in print, the new team has taken the precaution
  of not publishing. Mr. May explains that the folks at SRI have done
  some THREE THOUSAND trials of remote viewing since then and have
  found significant results in about ten percent of them. We are
  assured that previous, unnamed shortcomings in the testing
  procedures have been overcome and that the tests are now scored in
  an objective, statistical manner.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  Well, it doesn't sound too flaky so far, and it looks as if the
  uncredited criticisms of men like Ray Hyman and James Randi may
  have had an effect of making this kind of research more reliable.
  May gives an example of a still picture used as a target in one
  test and the response the subject drew, and explains the basis for
  scoring it a partial hit. Seems a bit subjective to me, but I'm
  willing to give them the benefit of doubt as long as they don't
  claim their results prove remote perception.

  Enough of the explanations, now is the time to get down to the
  reason everybody's here: SRI is looking for a few good men and
  women who might have The Power, and we're to be tested to see if
  any of us is a promising candidate for future study. Since I don't
  work at SRI, I won't be able to get further than this test, but I'm
  looking forward to see how my guesses stack up against those of the
  rest of the participants. We're given triplicate answer forms (we
  are told we can keep one copy to ourselves for posterity) for four
  different tests.

  The procedure looks fairly legit. A member of the staff will leave
  the auditorium to go to a second-floor lab in the building, and,
  at a given time, will turn on a laser disc player which will
  randomly select a scene and run it on a monitor in that roomfor
  thirty seconds. Then we're to try to "remote view" the remote
  monitorand write whatever words or draw whatever pictures come to
  us. Finally, all the responses will be collected and sealed in an
  envelope, and only then will the staff on the 2nd floor play the
  video disc target for us on TV monitors in the auditorium so we can
  see how we did. Feedback, we are told, is a good learning tool.

  At the appointed time we start concentrating -- or rather not
  concentrating, since we've been told that weshouldn't think about
  what the target might be, but we should be receptive to whatever
  pops into our heads. I make my mind a blank (gee, that was easy!)
  but nothing pops in. I don't try even harder than I was not trying
  before and now I think my blank mind is becoming a blankey-blank
  mind, 'cause whatever they're looking for, I ain't got. In
  desperation I draw some lines and blocks and write things like
  "wispy" and "angularity" down so maybe I'll hit SOMETHING in the
  picture and not be a complete doofus.

  The answers are collected and the target finally showsup on the
  monitors and I am shocked, folks. All this time May has been
  talking about THE target and THE image to be transmitted and I
  think we were all thinking of a single picture to concentrate on.
  I mean, how else could you score a test unless you kept the target
  relatively simple so one could get some idea of what response was
  close and what was not. Well, kiddies, it turns out this particular
  target is not one picture, but at least SIX: a thirty-second video
  montage centered around the theme of the Allied code-breaking
  efforts in WW II! You got a picture of the words "Project Ultra,"
  you got a picture of a Nazi, you got a picture of a code machine,
  you got a picture of women working at an early computer, you even
  got a picture of the wreckage of Coventry Cathedral, which was not

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  defended from Nazi bombing so as to protect the secret of our
  having broken the Nazi codes.

  This, then, is THE target for the first test. Mr. May tries to calm
  the general disconcertedness of the crowd by explaining that the
  subjects in the previous tests generally did better with multiple
  or free-form targets than with simple pictures! Well I guess so!
  To paraphrase Chairman Mao, "Let a thousand targets bloom." How
  they could begin to score responses to so many images is quite
  beyond me. In fact, I'm amazed that my own pitiful response has so
  FEW hits. I can only conclude that my effort is a wonderful example
  of "psi-missing." At least now I know what they mean by the
  usefulness of feedback.

  Armed with a better knowledge of what a target is likely to be, I'm
  ready to play the next round. Before we start, however, a picture
  of a room briefly flashes on the screen. Apparently the
  experimental controls aren't foolproof. Second test is coming up.
  I skip trying to receive impressions, and, betting that the random
  images may not be as random as advertised, I try to think of a
  PLAUSIBLE response. I draw a pair of converging lines, some
  scattered shapes and a face. I write "fast air" and "strange
  language." I cross my fingers. The papers are collected and up on
  the monitors comes film of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge collapsing due
  to high winds in 1940, accompanied by a sound track of a Calypso
  song! Don't ask why. I check my notes. The lines could be a
  perspective view of the bridge cables; the fast air and strange
  language fit. The face isn't there, but I'm getting better. This
  is fun.

  Ready for number three? Number two was outdoors so this time I
  think I'll go urban. I draw a kind of grid and below it sort of a
  street-like thing with branches. I write "massive, imposing" and
  "looking from above?" and "many people far away; different faces,"
  because this is stuff we haven't had yet and I say we're due. And
  the target is . . . I'll be damned, it's the same picture which
  flashed momentarily after test number one! So this is their idea
  of random targets? Mr. May acknowledges the goof and says maybe
  we'll have to discard this one because the protocols were broken,
  but what the heck, we can look at it anyway.

  Turns out this thirty seconds is a clip from the movie "War Games"
  and the scene we just got a glimpse of is the big war room with the
  giant map on the wall with lines of missile tracks, kind of
  "massive, imposing" I calls it, and the Air Force personnel "many
  people far away" walking in front of it. This IS fun. May says if
  anybody got something grid-like, that would be a pretty good hit.
  He's a nice man. I like him.

  I'm really getting into this stuff, but we have only one target to
  go. Let's see, if these were really random, it wouldn't matter what
  the previous target was, BUT, since the last one was indoors and
  technological, I'm gonna go with outdoors and bucolic and see if
  it pans out. I sketch a scene with a river going through trees and

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  past a rocky hill and to cover my bets I put in a fence and write
  "barren and hot." At the top of the whole mess I write "outdoors,
  fresh air, light." The final target on the monitor is a clip from
  another movie featuring a closeup of an eagle in flight. No prize
  for that one, but the camera pans over what the eagle is
  overflying: a jungle with plenty of trees and a stream culminating
  in a waterfall and closeup of rocks. Yippee, I'm psychic!

  I've come closer than the other people I've talked to, but as a
  non-employee this is the end of the line for me. I would love to
  know how I scored, how other people scored and how in the world
  they scored any of it anyway. However, every time I call to inquire
  about the status of the remote viewing experiments, I get the big
  run aroundski. I suppose I could assume that it all went well, that
  there are no more glitches in the equipment, that targets are more
  precise, and that they really do have a statistically valid method
  of scoring responses. I could accept on faith that the reason they
  haven't published their findings after twelve years and three
  thousand trials is because they don't like to brag. And I can
  certainly accept that if they continue to get funding, it might be
  another twelve years before they publish. I can take it all on
  faith.


  SAM INVITES BAS

  The Society of American Magicians local affiliate in Concord, CA.
  invited BAS to their monthly meeting. Several of us went to see how
  magicians are with magicians.

  The Concord group is doubly interesting because BAS co-founder Bob
  Steiner, now international President, attends this local, and the
  President-elect of the Concord affiliate is none other than
  parapschologist Loyd Auerbach. Two more widely-divergent opinions
  could hardly be held by two different people -- proof that
  personalities can transcend ideology. In a warm display of mutual
  respect, President Auerbach presented President Steiner with a 1.5'
  x 3' photographic portrait of the latter in a hilarous pose, to the
  delight of all.

  The proceedings were fascinating: several people unconsciously
  manipulating a deck of cards; one fellow doing what appeared to be
  knitting stitches in the air with no thread; and others producing
  various objects from what seemed empty hands.

  We wondered how magicians would perform for magicians. Steiner's
  and Auerbach's were amongthe scheduled acts. Several of the
  lessexperienced had a few moments to present some effect they had
  worked up. The "oohs!" and "aahs!" seemed to be a little forced,
  and the applause was politely enthusiastic. How does one wow a
  fellow prestidigitator?


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
                         WRITERS!

  Please send materials for consideration in "BASIS" directly to the
  Editor, address in the "CALENDAR"; the high mail volumn at our S.F.
  address can delay your requests. Electronic transfer is available
  at the BAS bulletin board or direct to the Editor at (408)
  946-5531.


  SOVIET SILLINESS

  With all the hue and cry raised in the revelations that the
  President of the United States consults his horoscope before
  arranging his calendar, some have wondered what his counterpart in
  the Soviet Union does.

  In a special report in the "New York Times", Bill Keller did a
  little research into the extent of mystical behavior in the country
  that prides itself as the land of scientific materialism. The
  results are worse than we could ever have imagined. Keller reports,
  "In the United States, land of all faiths, people laugh at Nancy
  Reagan for consulting an astrologer, "while in Russia such things
  are almost a given.

  A case in point is Madame Dzhuna Davitashvili, a psychic healer and
  reigning queen of the Soviet occult, who operates a one-room clinic
  "just a step from Moscow's most popular pedestrian mall." People
  flock from all over for her healing touch -- which she calls the
  "Effect - D" for Dzhuna, naturally. She is accepted so widely that
  when Brezhnev was failing beyond conventional medicine, Dzhuna was
  called in. When questioned about the case, she says the Hippocratic
  oath precludes her discussing the details of her work.

  The main difference between Mme D.D. and her American peers is that
  she has a state business license, "an honored spot on the Soviet
  Peace Committee, and a coterie of friends that includes scientists,
  artists, journalists and intellectuals." The sad reality is that
  horoscopes, psychic medicine and every brand of mysticism pervades
  every level of soviet society apparently with the open blessing of
  the state, according to Keller.

  "It is our secret silliness," said the wife of a government
  official. "Leave Nancy Reagan alone," she chided. She admitted that
  as soon as Mikhail Gorbachev became Soviet leader he immediately
  looked up his horoscope. He is a Pisces.

  Horoscope swapping in Red Square is a most popular pastime. When
  a world-renowned Soviet physicist received permission to emigrate,
  the first thing he requested on American soil was where he could
  get his horoscope cast. This despite the fact that Soviet
  Encyclopedia lists astrology as a "false science." Parapsychology
  is accorded serious discussion in the Soviet Academy of Sciences.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  Maybe we'd better see how the charts look for a Bush-Gorbachev
  compatibility.


  ACUTE PUNCTURE
  by Kent Harker

  BAS advisor Dr. Wallace Sampson, M.D. addressed our November
  meeting on the topic of acupuncture. This article is a summary of
  Dr. Sampson's presentation.

  Dr. Sampson began by noting that there is very little data on AP
  effectiveness available in refereed journals -- no extensive
  studies have been done in the scientific community. This is either
  a surprise, given the length of time AP has been around, or it is
  testament to the indifference MDs feel toward it. The amount of
  hard data even in AP journals is very sparse. (As a point of
  interest, Dr. Sampson told us that the formal Clinical Trial method
  was only developed in the early 1940s.) Stringent testing is very
  costly in money and time -- millions of dollars and several years
  for a rigorous study. Why should practitioners bother? AP "works."
  Recipients attest to the worth of it. In effect, the craft has
  nothing to gain from any sort of testing, and potentially much to
  lose, so the motive for research is next to nil.

  The difficulty of testing is compounded by the inability to blind
  the therapist (a double-blind procedure). But the patient can be,
  and so can the evaluator (this is called a triple-blind study). In
  all, Sampson found only thirty-five studies that had been done on
  AP, and in them he found the procedures laced with protocol errors,
  the most glaring of which was patient selection.

  Understandably, those seeking AP help are predisposed to believe
  in its curative effects -- they are often refugees of primary
  medicine. Thus, there could not be a valid randomizing of the data
  base, and randomization is essential to ensure accurate statistical
  analysis. The other major flaw was that control groups were sparse
  to non-existent. When control groups WERE used, they were so
  disparate it is scientifically impossible to comparethe results of
  one trial with those of another. The tests were done to measure the
  response to pain. What is pain? Is pain a medical condition? The
  difficulty and subjectivity of what we term pain throws another
  cloud over whatever results one might hope to glean from the data.

  Dr. Sampson graded the papers on the strictness of controls, and
  found that the more careful they were the less significant the
  results. To the best of his knowledge, no general study has been
  done to compare the studies as he did.

  Acupuncturists tell us "it works." Sampson advised us that when
  offered a claim that some procedure works, we need only respond,
  "Where are the data?" If one cannot produce hard data to support


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  the validity of the claim, we need go no further.

  In the U.S., AP burst on the scene around 1973, coinciding with
  Nixon's journey to the People's Republic. The reportage brought
  home some incredible pictures and the story of one of his aides,
  stricken with an acute appendicitis attack during the trip. They
  could not get him to an outside facility soon enough, so he
  underwent surgery there. Pictures showed him fully awake,
  ostensibly suffering no pain, thanks to AP, while the gore in full
  color lay before us on the photo plates. AP had arrived.

  The truth was that, besides the AP technique, surgeons had
  administered heavy doses of topical morphine. Dr. Sampson pointed
  out that abdominal surgery is effectively impossible without heavy
  anesthesia: the quantity of nerves in and around the abdomen is so
  great that severe pain is almost impossible to overcome, and, just
  as important, the involuntary nervous reactions of the patient
  tighten the muscles to such an extent that the surgeon cannot work
  effectively. Thus, if for no other reason, anesthesia is necessary
  for the surgeon to have a relaxed patient.

  Surgeons have used AP in some thyroid operations with success, but
  that is because the area of the thyroid has few sensory nerves, and
  the thyroid itself has none. Pain receptors are only in the skin,
  so once that is breached there is not much interference. As far as
  its anesthetizing capabilities are concerned, AP acts as an
  interference -- a kind of distraction, and distraction is effective
  only for mild pain. Local agents such as cocaine and morphine are
  administered in addition to AP in cases of acute pain, but rarely
  mentioned in write-ups. The road to legal recognition of AP is
  interesting and important. Dr. Sampson noted that after the rapid
  spread of public awareness, it took only a short time for
  licensing, diplomas, etc. A "degree" of OMD (Doctor of Oriental
  Medicine) may be earned in a few weeks, and the certified
  acupuncturist may treat any condition except cancer. Acupuncturists
  may advertise any way except to offer a cure. Since the practice
  has been around for so long, and there are so many people using it,
  the California legislature felt it had to do something to control
  the practice and proliferation of AP. The AMA officially denounced
  AP adding that there is no scientific basis for its practice, but
  did not vigorously oppose the institution of regulatory laws and
  concomitant recognition acupuncturists would thereby enjoy.

  The reasons for the AMA's uncharacteristic tameness are
  significant. AP is mostly a cultural practice, and to oppose it
  could easily be construed as racially motivated. The AMA recognized
  that the practice is so widespread that it would continue in spite
  of sanctions -- it would be better to legalize it and thereby be
  able to control it. The negative trade off would be that regulation
  would accord a certain legitimacy that could lead some to seek help
  from AP, foregoing primary health care.

  After weighing all this, the AMA ultimately decided to keep a low
  profile for one reason: AP is largely benign. With the exception

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  of the real threat when a patient skips legitimate medicine, the
  acupuncturist is likely to do little harm to his patients outside
  of the obvious problems of unsterile needles and puncturing vital
  organs, dangers that would be greater without controls. Legislation
  ensued and with it, recognition; there began a veritable explosion
  of AP clinics.

  Dr. Sampson wanted to understand the foundations of the ancient
  practice of AP. He found that it harks back to the Chinese yin-yang
  -- a kind of "give-and-take" dichotomy closely paralleling Greek
  thought. At the core is the thoroughly discredited notion of the
  elan vital, the life force. Anciently, feelings were assigned to
  organs: excitement, the heart; anxiety, the stomach; depression,
  the respiratory system; fear, kidneys; anger, bile. It is easy to
  understand how prescientists made these associations. These
  associations were taken for granted well into the 19th century,
  even in the West. In China, the life force was (is) the "chu-e" and
  its various transliterations. Other forms of fringe medicine still
  center on the notions of a life force, e.g., chiropractic.

  Dr. Sampson pointed to what is perhaps the most important reason
  that AP was so popular before the advent of modern medicine: the
  LESS that was done to a patient, the better off he was! The
  draconian measures of primitive procedures proved as often as not
  to be fatal to the unfortunate victim of the doctor's knife:
  Purging, leaching, blood-letting, and poisoning, coupled with
  unsanitary conditions were at least as dangerous as any condition
  the poor patient could ever have suffered. Since the body is a
  marvelous instrument of curative and restorative powers, most
  conditions, left to themselves, will ameliorate if the victim
  survives.

  Hence whatever procedure had been performed last would get the
  credit for the cure in a "post hoc, ego propter hoc" reasoning.
  Since AP is benign, it was often the procedure of choice and
  therefore got the credit, so anecdotes flowed freely.

  Modern Chinese medicine is still imbued with vital force
  traditions. AP is part of a holistic, philosophic approach to
  healing. Homeopathy, herbal medicine, iridology and chiropractic
  are all very similar in their approach to medical problems, and
  they all are philosophically centered on the ethereal "energy" that
  vivifies the human body. In each of these systems, the procedures
  are not directed at a specific condition, and this is probably the
  greatest single distinction between them and modern medicine. The
  function of these types of fringe treatment is to "realign the body
  with the forces of nature." AP designates the points of alignment
  as the "meridians," which are arbitrarily assigned to organs, which
  are in turn associated with EMOTIONS, not disease. This is why
  there need be no real diagnostic process or correlation between
  the locus of the condition and the placement of needles. If one has
  a malfunction in the kidney, one might get a needle in the earlobe
  because that is the site where the "force" is most "out of
  alignment," and it is that "misalignment" which caused the kidney

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  problem.

  Dr. Sampson contrasted the approach of modern medicine with these
  holistic genres: modern medicine is disease specific. There are,
  for example, over 100 different kinds of cancer (Dr. Sampson is an
  oncologist) each with its specific treatment. The only degree of
  similarity in their various treatments is excision of the tumors.
  The revolution in modern medicine is that it sought to understand
  the function of each organ. The western mind has taken hold of AP
  without understanding the real function of AP, and has tried to
  take it in the direction of empirical science. This has caused
  confusion both in the practice and public understanding of AP.

                     ACUPUNCTURE TODAY

  One of the most common medical conditions is back pain. Doctors do
  not like to treat back pain because it is so complex and often non-
  specific. It can arise from simple lack of proper conditioning to
  the most intractable diagnoses. Treatment can be long, expensive,
  and often unsatisfactory. Enter chiropractic and AP. In cases other
  than disease or chronic conditions, back problems respond favorably
  to the passage of time.

  The best evaluation of AP is that it works by distraction (a
  counter-irritation), suggestion, consensus and the placebo effect.
  AP is upbeat, requiring high rapport between patientand therapist.
  Wally compared this with the veritable confrontation between a
  medical doctor and his patient when the latter is required by law
  to read and sign the "informed consent" papers before surgery in
  which he is told of all the pitfalls and side effects he may
  experience!

  Acupuncture is definitely here to stay, and the establishment will
  probably have little effect on its practice. For those on the
  fence, the facts may help, and all of us can help spread the facts.


  CSICOP IN CHINA

  There is no evidence to support the claim of amazing paranormal
  abilities of Qigong masters and extraordinary psychic Chinese
  children, according to a report issued by CSICOP. The report is the
  result of a two-week, three-city tour of China by a CSICOP
  delegation.

  The CSICOP team traveled in China in late March and early April at
  the behest of the Institute for Technical and Scientific
  Information of China. Members of the Institute wereconcerned by the
  rapid rise of belief in the paranormal in China and the lack of
  scientific criticism of these claims. The investigators provided
  lectures, conducted seminars, and offered demonstrations on a
  number of topics of the paranormal. They also carried out tests on
  individuals claiming paranormal abilities.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  "We had heard fantastic stories of the miraculous abilities of
  these people," said CSICOP chairman Dr. Paul Kurtz. "We were quite
  curious to see if they could actually do the things they claimed."
  One such series of tests included an examination of alleged psychic
  children. It was claimed that they could read characters written
  on bits of paper stuffed in their ears, held in their hands, or
  placed on top of their heads. They also supposedly had the ability
  to break or restore matchsticks sealed inside boxes by the power
  of their minds. The CSICOP team found that in all of the trials
  they ran on the miracle children, under controlled conditions and
  strict observation, in no instances were the children able to
  perform as alleged.

  The CSICOP paper reports on one test conducted by a Chinese
  researcher, in which CSICOP members acted only as observers when
  "strange" results were obtained. Four children were each given a
  matchbox containing either a broken or unbroken green matchstick.
  The children were to reverse the condition of their matchstick. The
  Chinese experimenter wrapped the matchboxes with paper and tape and
  gave the sample to the children. The children immediately ran from
  the testing room and were seen to leave the building entirely.

  After a period of time, the children returned and said they wereas
  yet unsuccessful and requested more time. The experimenter agreed
  and allowed the children to take their boxes home with them. Eight
  hours later, the experiment resumed. One child did not return his
  box claiming it had been destroyed while he was playing. Two boxes
  were returned in fairly good condition. They were opened and no
  change in the matches' condition was observed.

  The fourth box proved to be a different story. Upon casual
  observation, the box showed obvious signs of having been tampered
  with. Vegetative matter and hair were under the tape. Upon opening
  the box, it was found that the broken green match was now an intact
  red match. Despite the evidence of cheating, and the total lack of
  control over the test sample, the Chinese experimenter maintained
  that this experiment could be "proof of paranormal abilities." The
  CSICOP team examined television tapes of similar testing done by
  Chinese scientists who found that Chinese children were prone to
  cheat and that this explained so-called paranormal effects.

  CSICOP was also able to test the claims of Chinese Qigong masters.
  Qigong (pronounced "chi-gung") is a form of traditional Chinese
  medicine dating back more than 2500 years. In its most basic form,
  it is a system of mental concentration and deep- breathing
  exercises to reduce stress. Some Qigong masters claim that they are
  able to direct their "chi" energy into others and affect cures of
  tumors, cancer, and ulcers.

  The CSICOP team was permitted to observe a Qigong master as he
  treated a patient for a spinal tumor. The master began a series of
  rhythmic movements and the patient began writhing on the treatment
  table. After the demonstration, CSICOP placed the master and

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  patient in separate rooms. In a number of trials, the master was
  asked to direct his "chi" towards the patient. Although the master
  said his power could go through walls and travel some distance,
  there was no correlation between the movements of the master and
  those of the patient.

  Next, the CSICOP researchers tested a Qigong master and his psychic
  sister who claimed to be able to diagnose team members' relatives
  back in the United States and Canada by merely seeing their names
  and relationships written on a piece of paper. The results of these
  tests were also negative. In one trial, the psychic "saw" that a
  relative had liver and leg ailments -- the person had been dead for
  two years. Kurtz commented, "Belief in the paranormal is a world-
  wide phenomenon. We have found, however, that when you submit the
  claims to rigorous testing, the evidence just isn't there."

  CSICOP's full report on the experiments conducted in China are
  published in the Summer 1988 edition of "The Skeptical Inquirer".


  RAINING FISH
  by John Lattanzio

  No self-respecting skeptic would believe stories of fish falling
  from the sky. Whiting and flounder, to be precise. I imagine we
  would not openly embrace claims of frogs or crabs plummeting to
  earth from the heavens, either. But suppose the claims persisted?
  It would be nice to have some explanation. I know, I can hear some
  screaming "Show us the evidence first. If it is convincing, THEN
  we look for an explanation, not before." Quite right.

  But in lieu of further evidence or information, I might hypothesize
  that one day a couple of frogs fell from a tree. Someone noticed,
  and commented on it "raining frogs." The story gets retold,
  distorted, overheard . . . and presto. It's raining, if not cats
  and dogs, then crabs and frogs. Maybe even fish. It's not a
  particularly convincing explanation, but at least it seems more
  likely than the claim that it did rain frogs.

  Well, there is more information and evidence. On May 20, 1984, Ron
  Langton found six fish (whiting and flounder) on the roof and in
  the backyard of his home in East Ham, London. Two residents of
  nearby Canning Town independently reported 30 to 40 fish in their
  gardens. So much for my explanation.

  More impressive, perhaps, are the many eyewitness accounts of frogs
  falling from the sky. Once, in 1844, people held out their hats to
  catch them. On June 5, 1983, Julian Gowan saw a huge spider crab
  fall on the grounds of his Brighton home.

  Enter TORRO, the Tornado and Storm Research Organization, a
  privately supported research group which studies severe storms.
  These diligent detectives have an explanation for these "remarkable

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  showers," as they have dubbed them. They use the showers as a tool
  to probe meteorological phenomena.

  TORRO believes that whirlwinds are to blame, because a vortex can
  explain how objects can be lifted and transported long distances.
  The fallout usually covers an elliptical area on the ground, again
  suggesting a concentrated updraft, consistent with a waterspout or
  tornado hypothesis, and waterspouts were observed at sea around the
  time of the storm which deposited the crab in Brighton.

  Although TORRO may have provided an explanation of these
  "remarkable showers," this is not their main area of research. They
  are concerned about the more serious threats waterspouts can
  pose.There is a lesson here, of course. We are reminded of the
  dangers of dismissing "ridiculous" stories (like rocks falling from
  the sky, later called meteorites). We must judge ONLY according to
  the evidence. No conclusion is far more desirable than jumping to
  the wrong one.

  (For further information on "remarkable showers" and TORRO see "New
  Scientist," 2 June, 1988.)

  [Perhaps another lesson of this event is that, given hard evidence
  and a workable theory, even the most fantastic claims can be easily
  established or refuted. -- Ed.]


  BAS IN THE NEWS

  BAS's year-end roundup of psychic fizzles has made the rounds. The
  efforts of erstwhile BAS chairman Robert Sheaffer have been
  appreciated as far away as Philadelphia. We have subscribers there
  who sent a clipping from the "Philadelphia Inquirer" which quoted
  Robert's article we ran in "BASIS" last year almost in its
  entirety.

  Media contacts are opening up more and more, affording us
  increasing column space and air time to present an alternative to
  the barrage of nonsense that clogs the minds of millions. Time was
  when the fringe had a corner on the media. The newsfolk didn't know
  where to go for a counter. Now that there are specific centers of
  information with the formation of CSICOP and like-minded local
  groups, we are pleased to report that we are being sought.

  We can only hope that information is the main problem, not just
  soft brains.


  BENNETTA AT APPLE

  BAS advisor William Bennetta spoke to the employees of Apple
  Computer and their guests in November. The monthly presentations

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  are part of Apple's Distinguished Lecture Series in which speakers
  are invited from all walks to address the employees. Organizer Joe
  Wujek is the heart and mind of the program, and he has provided a
  long list of interesting and varied topics, very few of which have
  anything to do with computing or corporate structure. BAS founder
  Bob Steiner and BAS director Andy Fraknoi are among the names on
  the speaker's list and their success has led to other requests from
  the fount.

  Bill Bennetta is probably one of the best authorities on the
  legislative and legal forays creationists have sprung on our
  educational system. He has written extensively, and has had his
  articles and essays published in professional journals, newspapers
  and special interest papers, so he is eminently qualified to teach
  on the subject.

  Very few Americans are aware of the extent to which creationists
  are willing to go to wage their campaignagainst science education
  in the public schools. Apple Computer, in their Distinguished
  Lecture Series, asked Bill to speak about this very important and
  sensitive subject.

  Bennetta began by defining scientific creationism as the political
  arm of ultra-orthodox fundamentalist Christianity and its
  insistence on absolute Biblical literalism. He alerted his audience
  that the creationist agenda is not, as fundamentalists would have
  the public believe, to have equal time for alternate theoriesof
  origins. The fundamentalists want to have the entire science
  curriculum turned out: physics, chemistry, biology, geology, etc.

  In short, they want total control of the schools, and they have
  shown their willingness to use the courts to have their way -- arm
  twisting is too slow, and they cannot bring scientific evidence to
  bear to make their case in the custom of the scientific method.

  Some of the creationist legal maneuvers are astonishing for their
  brashness; Bill covered the Louisiana and Arkansas cases and traced
  their histories through the system all the way to the Supreme Court
  in the Louisiana instance. They lost, but only because of
  preparation near the end to present the case in the true light of
  the creationists' goals. The Justices found that the case really
  turned on the transparent attempt to have the narrow religious
  dogma of a specific sectarian religion introduced into the
  classroom. The Constitution, of course, precludes such favoritism.
  The question whether the notions of creationism have any scientific
  validity was not at issue in the court cases. This is fortunate,
  because it would put the judiciary in the position of trying to
  understand and rule on the scientific validity of a claim; of
  course, such a role for the courts is entirely misplaced.

  Bill's talk was well attended and well received. Almost all those
  in attendance came to the front to get literature Bill had prepared
  (copies of some of the articles he has had published) and to ask
  questions at the conclusion.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  BAS would like to recognize Apple Computer and Joe Wujek for the
  courage they have shown in addressing sensitive and controversial
  subjects. Few major corporations would dare invite speakers to
  express their views on themes as potentially volatile as religious
  beliefs. Congratulations, Apple. Congratulations, Joe Wujek. And
  thanks to Bill Bennetta for his worthy representation of BAS.


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the January, 1989 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1989 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
