{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T10:30:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 65925, "source_ctime_ns": 1790245340870970153, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-09.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790245340534887477, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-09.pdf", "source_sha256": "3b0f10fd0dd3868e7eabbc210ff7ba9ae1a82cb5ef78a62d4775fce58e432045"}

-----------------------------------------------------------
  September 1988 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -----------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 7, No. 9
              Editor: Kent Harker


  HEALTHFUL `HEALTH FOODS'?

  Most skeptics are a little wrankled when we see the abuse of the
  term "natural," and "health food" bandied about. Do the claims
  match up to the reality? This article first appeared in the
  July issue of "Diet Nutrition Newsletter" of Tufts University.

  Health food stores rang up close to $2 billion in sales last
  year, which is somewhat surprising considering that more and
  more busy families have come to depend on large supermarkets that
  stock everything from fresh baked items to paper goods, thereby
  allowing them to do all their shopping at once. Why is it that
  an increasing number of people appear to be going out of their
  way to patronize the health food market? Do they know something
  supermarket shoppers don't?

  To find out, we walked up and down the aisles of three of the
  Boston area's most popular health food stores and compared the
  foods on their shelves with those in regular supermarkets. At
  first glance, some of the eye-catching claims on many of the
  health food store products -- "all natural," "no refined
  sugar," and "no preservatives," for instance -- made it appear as
  if those items are different if not better for you than similar
  items in more typical grocery stores.

  But alas, the fine print revealed a different story.

               PORING OVER PRODUCT CLAIMS

  The label on a bottle of "natural catsup" in one health food
  emporium we visited, for example, boasts that the product
  contains "no preservatives or MSG," It sounded impressive
  enough, but a close look at the label on a bottle of Heinz
  ketchup revealed that it doesn't contain any preservatives or
  MSG either. In fact, the two products are made with the same
  ingredients: tomato paste, vinegar, salt, onion powder, spices,
  and natural flavoring.

  The only difference is in the sweetener used. Heinz adds corn
  syrup, while the "natural" brand is sweetened with honey. Both
  honey and corn syrup are sugars, however, and the nutritional
  difference between them is too little to mention.

  The big trade-off between the two is price. A 14-ounce bottle of


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  Heinz sold for 79 cents; the same size bottle of the brand in
  the health food store was going for $2.29.

  It was the same with cereals. One brand at the health food store
  had "no refined sugar" according to the label, just "the pure
  goodness of real honey." What the label neglected to point out
  is that honey is no better for you. When it is the second
  ingredient on the list, as happens with the cereal in question,
  there is a good chance plenty of it is in the product.

  In the dairy section, the producers of a so-called natural yogurt
  (what's unnatural yogurt?) cite on the package label their
  "effort to provide the most healthful . . . product." But their
  product contains 10 grams of fat in an 8-ounce, 230-calorie
  serving, or almost 40 percent fat calories. That's more fat than
  you'll find in some of the supermarket yogurts that make no
  health claims whatever.

  Baby foods aren't immune from questionable claims, either. One
  brand of baby food in a health food store touts a "nutritious
  difference your baby can taste and you can trust," but it
  doesn't disclose just what that difference is. Indeed, that
  product and a comparable one put out by Gerber are made from the
  same two ingredients: carrots and water. That the carrots in the
  "healthful" brand are "lab tested for purity" does not
  necessarily make them any better than Gerber's because Gerber's,
  too, tests its baby products for pureness according to that
  company's consumer information spokesperson. As to price, the
  4.5 ounce jar of Gerber's costs less than half the amount of the
  same size jar of the brand in the health food store.

              DOUBTS IN THE SNACK AISLE

  Health food stores offer plenty of "goodies," including "natural"
  potato chips and "sugarless" candy bars. But upon close
  inspection, the potato chips are fried in fat and ladened with
  salt, just like the brands sold in supermarkets. Granted, the
  potatoes in the "natural" brand may be fried in sunflower oil, a
  less-saturated and therefore potentially less artery-clogging
  fat than the partially hydrogenated oils most supermarket brands
  contain. But saturated or not, the one-ounce, 150-calorie bag of
  potato chips still contains 60 percent fat calories, which
  certainly doesn't qualify it as a "health food."

  A high-fiber candy bar described on the packaging as a "low-fat,
  nutritious" snack is equally misleading. While the little bar
  does contain 5 grams of dietary fiber, fat makes up more than 35
  percent of its calories.

  Ounce for ounce, that's more fat than you'll find in a Milky Way
  bar.

  Worse still, the candy's "nectar vanilla yogurt coating" is made
  with palm kernel oil, which is almost twice as saturated as lard.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  The candy bar also contains less than 7 percent of the U.S.
  recommended daily allowances for all the vitamins and minerals
  listed on its label. Therefore, why the word nutritious appears
  on the package is anybody's guess.

  None of this is to say that foods in supermarkets never contain
  less-than-helpful health claims, or that health food stores do
  not have some products that might be difficult to find in a large

  grocery chain. To be sure, most health food emporia stock a wide
  variety of whole-grain breads and pastas that are sadly missing
  in many ordinary shopping marts as well as several different
  kinds of dried legumes. Still, the message is clear: Just
  because the sign over the door says "health food" is no
  assurance that the food in truly healthful. You still need to
  check labels -- and price stickers -- just as you would anywhere
  else.


  CREATIONISM AND THE CURRICULUM
  by David Spieker

  Opponents of creationism rightly insist that our public schools
  be resolute in teaching true science. Creationists must not be
  allowed to force their doctrines into the curriculum. The
  treatment of biology and geology should reflect what those
  disciplines contain. To prepare our children well for our
  technology-dominated world it is vital that their education
  include a grounding in science. To represent beliefs like
  creationism as coequal to science would seriously weaken that
  grounding. Scientific instruction must be both vigorous and
  genuine if it is to be useful. Children must not simply learn the
  content of theories like evolution and plate tectonics, but also
  the process of questioning and experiment by which they were put
  together. We must not teach that science has no controversies or
  uncertainties; we should be as guilty of dogmatism as the
  creationists were we to take that tack. But we must never use
  open-mindedness as an excuse for not teaching our children the
  difference between a scientific theory and religious doctrine to
  which one clings regardless of the evidence.

  As a teacher, these are more than just principles to me. They are
  guides as indispensable as compass and landmarks to an explorer.
  Our children will never truly understand science and the
  rational, inquisitive outlook on which it is based if
  creationism and similar beliefs, such as astrology, are
  permitted to compromise the scientific curriculum. I do not
  necessarily object to the teaching of creationism, astrology,
  etc.; I object only to teachers being required to teach them as
  SCIENCE. Moreover, by teaching children to distinguish between
  ideas based on evidence and those that are not we make it much
  less likely that any of them will succumb to a Von Daniken or

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  Velikovsky fantasy. To teach children science is, in effect, to
  inoculate them for life against the virus of pseudoscience.
  Science can have this value even for first grade and
  kindergarten-age children. Indeed, the earlier children are
  exposed to science, the more lasting will be the benefit. I am
  an excellent example of this: I came of age in the 1970s, when
  belief in such things as ancient astronauts, Bigfoot, the Bermuda
  Triangle and, above all, creationism, flourished with a hype
  seldom known before. Yet an early acquaintance with science
  saved me from one or another of these enthusiasms.

  Although I read much creationist literature throughout the 1970s
  and 1980s and gave their ideas a fair chance, their whole
  approach to investigating the physical world seemed to me
  fundamentally unscientific. My early exposure to science had
  gotten through to me that the most truly scientific activity is
  the testing of explanations against data. No explanation should
  be retained if it has been so tested and been found wanting. All
  scientific theories have flaws; our job is to find the theories
  with the fewest flaws. Science can never give us absolute truth
  but only an approximation of it, just as the quotient of a
  number divided repeatedly by a larger and larger number (greater
  than 1) approaches zero. But the creationists do not conduct
  themselves in this way. On the contrary, they STARTED with their
  explanation set in stone and ignored or distorted the evidence
  that did not suit them. One has only to think of the "canopy"
  theory for explaining the origin of Noah's Flood to understand
  the creationists' willingness to swallow any absurdity necessary
  to retain their dogma.

  I think it is a fair bet that most of the public that has not
  been taken in by creationism has had some rather early exposure
  to science. This is common sense; the more one knows of
  scientific ideas and methods, the less likely one is to confuse
  science with pseudoscience -- further reason to push for a
  forthright science curriculum in our schools.

  Mr. Spieker is a graduate of Seattle U. He is teaching in Belmont
  and doing some free-lance writing (fiction and non-fiction) on
  the side.


  [BAS welcomes John Lattanzio to the Board of Directors. Dr.
  Lattanzio is an astrophysicist working at Lawrence Berkeley, and
  he brings to us a wide range of experience -- we will be pleased
  to learn more of his background next month.]

  "EXTRA SENSORY DECEPTION", BY HENRY GORDON
  Reviewed by John Lattanzio

  Reading this book brings back some fond memories. Henry Gordon
  and I served together on the Executive Committee of the Ontario
  Skeptics. One of the highlights of the committee meetings was

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  hearing Henry tell anecdotes from his colorful career as an arch-
  skeptic. This book consists of 118 short articles (most are
  under 2 pages) excerpted from Henry's writings for the "Toronto
  Star" newspaper in Toronto, Canada. The articles are written in
  Henry's conversational style, but are nevertheless very
  informative.

  Henry has been contributing to the "Toronto Star" since 1981, and
  for three years had a weekly column entitled "Debunking" in the
  Sunday edition. It was quite an achievement to get a regular
  skeptical column in a major newspaper. (If only all newspapers
  were so receptive to our message.) Over the years Henry has
  dealt with many topics, here arranged by broad subject: The
  Paranormal, Prophecy, Spirits, Superstition, Science, Higher
  Life, Healing, and Truth. Each collection has its own
  introduction. In the individual pieces he touches briefly, but
  authoritatively, on most topics familiar to skeptics. Some
  relate stories from TV appearances he has made, and these give
  information and insights not always available from simply
  watching the program. The section on Superstition is an
  unexpected treat. Here Henry provides a fascinating history of
  various beliefs, and explains where many have originated.

  You will read about Henry's masquerade as the supposed psychic
  "Elchonen," and learn how to bend keys a la Uri Geller. You will
  learn how to improve your aura, and how to be born rich (in a
  future life, unfortunately). Henry discusses paramnesia, or deja
  vu, and even gives a personality evaluation of the reader! There
  is also an article on California, providing us with some local
  fare. As if all this weren't enough, Henry tells us how to beat a
  lie detector and explains how he discovered that spirits cannot
  see through brown wrapping paper.

  Henry Gordon is well qualified to write on so many subjects. A
  respected professional magician, he has been involved in both
  investigating paranormal phenomena and public education for many
  years. As Randi is to the U.S., so Henry Gordon is to Canada
  (although both are Canadian-born). He is a Fellow of CSICOP, and
  recently joined in investigations of both Popoff and R. Roberts
  alleged healing abilities. This experience makes the section on
  faith healers in his book particularly interesting.

  My criticisms of the book number only two, which is remarkable
  given the over 200 pages it contains. The main fault is the lack
  of an index. This is really inexcusable in a book dealing with
  so many subjects. I hope that future editions will correct this
  omission, because the utility of the book as a resource would be
  greatly enhanced. As it stands it can be quite tiresome
  searching through the book for a favorite article to share with
  someone (and you will do this, I guarantee!).

  In the section dealing with the Nazca lines in Peru, Henry argues
  that they cannot be landing strips for spacecraft because
  advanced space vehicles would land vertically, as even our (less

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  advanced) technology has made possible. Well, this is not clear
  to me. One could argue that we have advanced from vertical
  descent to the Space Shuttle, and that this system allows for
  more controlled movement. But this is a very minor quibble.

  In summary, this is a very entertaining book. The writing is
  informal and friendly; this book should be read slowly and
  savored little by little. And watch for Henry's next book,
  "Channelling into the New Age", due out in September.


  RAMPARTS

  (Ramparts is a regular feature of "BASIS", and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your
  local scene and send them to the Editor. If you want to add some
  comment with the submission, please do so.)

  Hang on to your portfolio, fire your investment broker, and check
  out Arch Crawford, a stock soothsayer who up until eleven years
  ago had his ticket with Merrill Lynch. Back then, Arch noticed
  the "correlation since 1897 of planetary movements and those of
  the Dow Jones industrials," according to the article in the
  "Buffalo News". Of course he discovered the 1:1 correlation and
  promptly started his own consulting firm, "Crawford Perspectives"
  -- better than "Planetary Perspectives" so as not to tip his
  hand to others who might want to muscle in on his information
  source. Consider if you will the number of combinations of
  "influences" produced by the position of the eight planets and
  the sun and moon in the twelve constellations. A little
  combinatorial arithmetic will show there are billions of
  possibilities, any number of which could be patched together ad
  hoc to produce almost any "pattern" one desires.

  So what's the big deal about another newspaper article on
  another astrologer? Well, Arch got special notice when "he
  correctly called the bull market's August apogee and issued a
  post-crash buy signal in late November." Post-crash buy signal?
  One wonders what is so stunning about ANY broker's forecast that
  the market is at a particular high. Where is the forecast (well
  in advance of the event) of Black Monday?

  Of course his overall track record is not listed for the gullible
  press corps.

                    **************

  Take a standard substance, dissolve it, remove one drop, put that
  drop in ten gallons of distilled water and swish it around.
  Extract one drop of this solution and put it in another ten
  gallons of water and what do you have? Homeopathy. Ten gallons
  of it. Take a drop of this last solution and put it in the ocean
  and what do you have? Better homeopathy. Less is better.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  This foolishness may have arisen from medieval times when the
  cure was more dangerous than the affliction: blood-letting,
  scourging, leeching, and prescribing arsenic.

  Popular actress Lindsay Wagner is a strong supporter of
  homeopathy -- she joins hands with millions who claim to have
  found relief from cronic conditions with the miracles of
  vanishingly-small dosages.

  The fundamental premise of homeopathy is "like cures like," i.e.,
  the use of extracts of substances which, in higher doseages to
  otherwise healthy people, would induce symptoms similar to those
  of the illness being treated. The miniscule dose is supposed to
  stimulate the body's natural defense mechanisms to fight
  whatever is causing the symptoms -- a sort of vaccine.

  Perhaps the most telling feature of the practice of homeopathy is
  the diagnostic routine. It revolves around the patient's
  "perceptions, dreams, recurring thoughts, childhood experiences,
  habits, aversions, and obsessions." This sounds as much like
  psychiatric medicine as anything.

  What about a mechanism for homeopathy? The practitioners say
  their remedies work by effecting the "energy" that animates and
  integrates the body, mind and soul.

  While the AMA has been officially silent with regard to
  homeopathy, CSICOP advisor, Dr. William Jarvis, head of the
  National Council Against Health Fraud in Loma Linda, makes no
  bones about it: "Homeopathy is quackery," he said in a press
  release in the "Buffalo News."

  The response of homeopathic physician Dr. Ron Davey: "At least
  I'm not harming anyone."

  The great harm done by ommission is as weighty as that done by
  commission, and the timidity evinced by Dr. Davey's statement is
  perhaps the reason that many "regular" physicians turn to the
  practice of hemeopathy: their lack of self confidence to
  prescribe powerful, often invasive procedures in an agressive
  campaign against a medical condition. If we come to do battle
  armed with marshmallows we may feel a sense of security that no
  one is going to be harmed, but this overlooks the reality that
  the other side may be packing an Uzi.

                     **************

  The drought is major headlines. And with it comes those intrepid
  folkloreists, the dowsers and their magic wands in the form of
  crystal shards dangling from gold chains, plastic "Y" rods, "L"
  rods, sticks, and "darned near anything else," reports the "San
  Jose Mercury". The annual dowsing course, taught on the grounds
  of UC Santa Cruz, revealed the New Age influence on the dowsers:

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  increased use of crystals and "harmonically-tuned" metals.

  Many in the assembly expressed the notion that dowsing "is just
  an extension of intuition." There is talk of "alpha states" and
  "altered consciousness." This contrasts sharply with the old age
  conjecture that the water "vein" gave off some sort of energy
  that moves the dowsers' implements. (Recent "BASIS" articles
  have reported some water witchers specifically asserting that
  the "force" has nothing to do with the dowser.)

  The venue of the dowsing domain has shown an extension of its
  borders. There's a lot of money to be made in the health care
  area, and there seems to be an increase in the hostility toward
  the medical profession. For example, J. Blassingame, of San Jose
  area, dowses "to see what vitamins [he] needs to take." He holds
  his dowsing pendulum over various vitamin bottles and waits for
  the device to guide his nutritional supplement choice for the
  day.

  Blassingame assures us that, "if they would only turn dowsers
  loose they could show farmers where to drill. There is plenty of
  water down there. There's no need for drought."


  CSICOP ON THE MOVE

  CSICOP has just announced the formation of a Legal and Consumer
  Protection Sub-committee, an all-volunteer group of concerned
  attorneys throughout the country.

  The significance of this group cannot be overestimated for the
  recognition it will afford the skeptical community. There are, to
  be sure, many consumer advocacy organizations, but this will be
  the first under the aegis of rationality.

  As our confrontation with paranormal pandering sharpens, legal
  issues are becoming increasingly important. Indeed, it may be
  argued that taking a legal direction is far and away the most
  effective method for change. We can rail through the media, but
  precious little changes unless the bankroll may be threatened
  through litigation. When a local group challenges a promoter of
  the paranormal to put up, scoffing is usually all we hear.
  Threats of litigation for false and/or misleading claims surely
  will make some hair stand on end.

  Some of the sub-areas under study are: A. Consumer Protection
  (Civil Redress, Protection Laws, Trade Practice Laws); B.
  Prosecution (Criminal law, Common law); C. Government
  legislative initiatives; D. Defense; E. Use of libel law to
  silence critics; F. Paranormal involvement in legal system
  (psychics used as expert witnesses and as aids in finding
  victims/perpetrators, creation science); G. Patent law (e.g.,
  perpetual motion machines).

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  If you are in the legal professions, CSICOP would like to have
  your help. Of course they want our ideas regardless of
  profession.


  CHANNELING - BELIEVE IT OR NOT
  by Hans Sebald, Ph.D.

  How does a skeptic probe the verity, hoax or self-deception of a
  channeler? With this question in mind I attended an interview
  with the medium Jeannine Caloni who visited the [Phoenix] Valley
  in Nov. 1987 to star in a psychic jamboree. This still is the
  question after I listened and observed for nearly two hours.
  Perhaps it is impossible to test a medium, real, pretended, or
  honestly-imagined channeling.

  Anyway, with skepticism about a "skeptic" success at achieving a
  definite answer, I joined Kieran Richardson, reporting for the
  "Arizona Republic," to interview Jeannine Caloni from St. Louis,
  Missouri. Kieran did most of the talking and questioning. I
  mostly listened.

  Mrs. Caloni is channeling two spirits, St. Thomas, the skeptical
  Apostle, and Ezekiel. The medium mentioned that there is a
  virtual waiting line of additional spirits who would like to use
  her body as a channel. Caloni, however, decided to surrender her
  body to only the above-named spirits. While her body is
  temporarily transmuted into a reincarnation of the spirits, her
  own spirit leaves her body and, as she puts it, "stands beside
  her body looking on." This means, while the spirit is occupying
  her, she experiences an out-of-body existence. Apparently two
  spirits are too big a crowd for one body.

  Caloni is a new arrival on the channeling market. She discovered
  her gift when another medium she had called to her Missouri home
  to help exorcize spirits haunting the house (all the houses she
  has ever lived in have been haunted) recognized a most elaborate
  crown halo around Caloni's head -- a sign of extraordinary
  psychic abilities. I am not certain whether the bothersome
  poltergeists were ever banned, but in any case Caloni's career
  as a medium soared henceforth. Ultimately she "went public,"
  i.e., entered the business of psychic readings, made her name in
  the psychic circles, and apparently acquired a wide clientele
  who are mostly interested in getting in touch with deceased
  relatives. To establish the spirit connection, Caloni has to call
  the name of the deceased long enough for the spirit to hear and
  respond. Before the spirit is accepted as the right one,
  "confirmation" is needed, i.e., Caloni asks the client about
  various and sundry characteristics of the deceased so that she
  can "verify" the identity of the responding spirit. This, she
  feels, is necessary, because sometimes a prankster spirit will
  respond to try to confuse the medium. Moreover, it is possible

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  that many spirits lived under the same name -- think, for
  example, so she reminded us, of the many Smiths that have lived
  and are living. Sometimes she has to go through a dozen or more
  spirits to arrive at the correct one. Names like Smith and Jones
  can be very confusing to the spirit world. Once the confirmation
  is completed and the client has described the deceased
  sufficiently, Caloni begins to surrender her faculties to the
  spirit. She reports that dramatic scenes often develop: the
  client more often that not will break out in tears of joy (or
  sorrow) when conversing with a dear departed.

  Kieran and I tried to be tactful about the issue of remuneration
  for the readings. In response to our timid inquiry in that
  direction, we were told that monies earned from psychic activity
  are given away to needy people, must be given away lest the
  spirits abandon the medium. Jeannine and husband Frank (who was
  present throughout the interview) assured me of their
  magnanimity by once in a while giving two or five dollars to
  "starving bums on the street."

  I was just about to ask about her family background and how her
  (very Catholic) family accepted her psychic activities, when
  Frank warned me that Jeannine was momentarily going into a
  trance. Ezekiel was announcing himself. (Incidentally, this
  Ezekiel was not the prophet of the Old Testament, but a nomadic
  shepherd who lived 2,000 years ago in the Sinai desert.)

  Caloni's face hardened into a masculine visage and her voice
  sounded guttural as Ezekiel began to speak out of her body. His
  first utterance was, "Where am I?" Frank's information that he
  was being channeled in Arizona seemed perfectly plausible to the
  spirit. I wondered how a 2,000-year-old nomad from the Middle
  East could make sense of that information, since at that time
  New World geography was unknown to his people. After making
  small talk with Kieran, Ezekiel turned to me and volunteered a
  formidable prophecy. Apparently this is the type of service that
  spirits think people expect of them. He predicted that during
  the next two to three months I would make a trip to the east and
  in the process forget a certain item, unless I would first go to
  a store and purchase it. No specification was made about the
  distance of the trip, hence it could include a hike into the
  Superstition Mountains on the east side of my house. The more
  baffling aspect, however, was that the forecast is
  unfalsifiable, since I might forget something or buy the would-
  be-forgotten article. Then Ezekiel waxed clairvoyant and asked
  about the welfare of my toe. After my puzzled assurance that all
  were in good health, he dropped the subject. I couldn't help
  thinking that someone must have observed my limping walk earlier
  when I entered the room. I had strained my knee a few days
  earlier. Ezekiel continued to ruminate and remarked that he finds
  me exceptionally quiet, but that he "knows" that underneath there
  is an active, actually overactive, mind. This seemed to worry
  him, because he suggested that I go on a regimen of Vitamin B12
  to calm down. Again I found it astounding that an illiterate

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  nomad of 2,000 years ago would know about vitamins, a recent
  bio-chemical discovery. What astounded me most, however, was
  that the old nomad spoke modern American English perfectly -- if
  we charitably disregard grammatical quirks and dictional
  limitations, which smacked of Missouri countryside.

  Finally, Ezekiel announced his departure and Jeannine's spirit
  reentered her vacated body. She relaxed, regained her normal
  voice, continued to chain-smoke (something Ezekiel abhors), and
  amiably expected us to be impressed. Also, had we any further
  questions? Not really. By then I fully understood the difficulty
  of determining verity, hoax, or innocuous self-deception of a
  medium. It becomes an issue of believing or disbelieving. To
  some of us it may also become an issue of absurdity.

  In any case, I shall make a careful shopping list before going on
  a trip in an easterly direction.

  (Dr. Sebald, Professor of Sociology at ASU first wrote this
  article for the Phoenix Skeptics, whom we thank for reprint
  permission.)


  1988 CSICOP CONFERENCE
  PLAN FOR NOVEMBER!

  If you are thinking about a vacation in the East, postpone your
  plans and make them for early November. The formal agenda has
  been released for the 1988 CSICOP conference to take place in
  Chicago on Friday, Saturday and Sunday, November 4 - 6 at the
  Hyatt Regency O'Hare. The annual event is co-sponsored this year
  by the Department of Behavioral Sciences, University of Chicago.

  The theme is very germane: The New Age. Channeling, crystal
  healing, graphology, and the latest rage, UFO abductions, will
  fill the menu for the most part. The keynote address will be by
  Dr. Douglas Hofstadter, Professor of Psychology at the
  University of Michigan, entitled "Musings on the Elusive Nature
  of Common Sense and Evidence."

  Important names in the scientific and academic community will be
  among the speakers: Paul Kurtz (CSICOP Chairman), James Alcock,
  Ray Hyman, Maureen O'Hara, to name a few.

  The CSICOP team that did the investigations in China will report
  their experiences with talks and slides.

  Skeptics are not all serious, so of course James Randi will do
  some of what he does best in the Saturday night awards banquet.
  His stage will be shared with other performers in a presentation
  called "Skeptical Magicians from Around the World." Since Randi
  is Canadian-born, guess who will be representing the USA? Our
  own Bob Steiner!

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  The annual conference is a significant event whose importance is
  growing as it includes more and more professionals and laypersons
  banded together in an attempt to increase rationality in this
  world. The growth of CSICOP is something of a phenomenon; but in
  a real sense it had to come. One of the recurring comments made
  by those who come to BAS meetings or subscribe to "BASIS" is,
  "It just feels so wonderful to know that I am not alone in
  thinking the world is off balance with some of the crazy
  nonsense there is around me."

  Take "BASIS" to your copy machine, copy the registration form on
  page 4, and reserve your place for this exciting meeting.


  SCOTT VS. GISH
  by John Taube

  By invitation, anthropologist and BAS advisor Dr. Eugenie Scott
  faced Dr. Duane Gish, the foremost creationist debater from the
  Institute for Creation Research, in a debate on Jan Black's KCBS
  radio show. The topic: Should creationism be taught in the public
  schools?

  Gish, a polished debater of literally hundreds of encounters,
  immediately went off the subject of the debate and launched into
  the gaps in the fossil record and asserted that thermodynamics
  precludes evolution. His tactic is standard fare -- attack
  evolution and don't talk about creationism. The debate, not the
  scientific evidence, is what counts.

  Many from academia have fallen into and badly lost debates
  because they have approached the confrontation from a scientific
  basis. They swamp the audience in the technical matters of the
  latest research that unfortunately is over the heads of most.
  All who consent to debates with creationists must keep in mind
  that debates are only about winning and losing, turning on
  forensic skill, not scientific matters.

  Eugenie finally interrupted to remind Gish that the topic was if
  creationism should be taught in the public school. She told the
  audience that the Supreme Court had overturned the ruling in the
  Louisiana case which mandated the teaching of creationism. Gish
  became rattled whenScott kept insisting on (1) a definition of
  creationism and (2) an explanation of creationist's preposterous
  positions on the 6,000-year-old universe and a global flood.

  The strongest creationist appeal is the democratic one: "The
  people WANT both taught. (Over 80% of the respondents to surveys
  think creation should be taught.) Why can't our students hear
  this evidence for creation? Why deny our children the evidence
  that changed Sir Fred Hoyle's mind? What are evolutionists
  afraid of?" Gish challenged.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  The most important point to be learned from this Gish-Scott
  debate is that what is said is of almost no importance. It is how
  one comes across to the public that matters. Most of the
  listeners will not remember the technical points, but will
  remember the general tenor of the debate and what personality
  seemed more genuine. From this perspective, Eugenie came out on
  top. She was so smooth, that her calm insistence that Gish
  answer questions about his side rattled him as he has seldom
  been rattled before.


  PAT ROBERTSON UNDER THE MICROSCOPE

  Gerard Straub, author of "Salvation for Sale: An Insider's View
  of Pat Robertson" (Prometheus Books) will speak on "Religion and
  Politics" with an update on the significance of Robertson's
  presidential campaign.

  Straub, former producer of Robertson's "700 Club," reveals in his
  book previously unpublished evidence that Pat Robertson believes
  he is in direct contact with God and that he has been personally
  appointed by the Almighty to be the chief usher at Jesus'
  imminent Second Coming.

  Straub's conversion to fundamentalism and his media credentials
  brought him to the "700 Club" where he worked closely with
  Robertson until his disillusionment with fundamentalism.

  This important address will take place in Oakland at the
  Montclair Woman's Club, corner of Thornhill and Mountain Blvd. on
  Sunday, October 16 at 1 p.m. Suggested donation is $4 prepaid,
  or $5 at the door; reservations are strongly suggested. The
  event is sponsored by the Secular Humanists of the East Bay, to
  whom you should make your checks payable. Mail reservations to
  SHEB, Box 5313, Berkeley, CA 94705 before October 8.

  Directions: Take Highway 13 east to Montclair exit. Take the
  Thornhill off ramp, go two blocks to Mountain Blvd. Montclair
  Woman's Club is on the corner. There is off-street parking
  behind the building (entrance from Mountain Blvd.).


                   *** RETRACTION ***

  In the August issue of "BASIS" we announced the meeting for the
  month, giving it thr title "The Mars Hoax." This was an
  irresponsible choice, and I, as editor, accept responsibility for
  publishing it.

  While one may think that Mr. Hewitt, speaker at the August
  meeting, presents a good case for rejecting some conclusions of


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  the Mars Project, this could hardly lead us to believe that
  Richard Hoagland or any of the staff at the Project "perpetrated
  a hoax," unless one could believe they faked the photographs or
  went to the Red Planet to construct what some have called the
  face on Mars. Of course, no rational person seriously entertains
  either notion.

  There are very serious people at the Project: Dr. R. Pozos
  (anthropology), Dr. M. Vousden (physics), and Dr. B. O'Leary
  (planetary sciences) to name a few. I regret this mistake and
  apologize to the members and the Board of The Mars Project.


  THE FACE ON MARS

  Is the now famous "face on Mars" a natural land formation, or an
  artifact? NASA and the astronomical establishment answered that
  question twelve years ago by dismissing it as "a trick of
  heightened shadows," a position they still hold.

  Not everyone is so sure. Using state-of-the-art enhancement
  techniques -- and methods of analyses unknown until 1976 -- the
  Mars Project has made the limited original data yield new
  information . . . information which, while not conclusive, is
  intriguing enough that it cries out for further research,
  including a return mission to Mars. This, at least, is the
  position of the Mars Project.

  In response to John Hewitt's pre-sentation at our August meeting,
  The Mars Project (a non-profit research and educational
  organization comprised of scientists and laypersons interested
  in the "face" and other Martian anomalies) will be represented
  at our September meeting by Roger Keeling, a member of its Board
  of Directors. His talk will include photographic enlargements
  and handouts. This controversial subject is sure to arouse your
  interest.


  BASIS
  Editor:      Kent Harker
  Assoc. Editor: Sharon Crawford
  Distribution: Yves Barbero
  Circulation:   Rick Moen

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the September, 1988 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1988 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
