{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T11:41:29Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 68737, "source_ctime_ns": 1790228567465791032, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-03.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790228567454701922, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-03.pdf", "source_sha256": "060a544362951ec1b9497b0f0a5b1add86704b7bfb1b0913671e3d13d4787805"}

-------------------------------------------------------
  March 1988 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 7, No. 3
              Editor: Kent Harker


  SHROUD STILL SHROUDED IN MYSTERY
  by Steve Orr

  [The Shroud of Turin has stirred imagination and controversy among
  millions since analyses have been conducted during the past five
  or six years. After all the time and effort, major questions
  remain. Believers find "proof" of what they want, and skeptics
  remain skeptical.

  Some of the best skeptical review has been done by Joe Nickell in
  his book "The Inquest of the Shroud", and articles in the
  "Skeptical Inquirer". The best skeptical evidence points to a 12th
  - 14th century religious art work using daubed-on dyes, a process
  that wouldn't leave brush strokes. (Protagonists think a brush is
  the only way to transfer coloring material.) Bits of blood, Middle-
  Eastern pollen grains, etc., could very easily have been added to
  the cloth without concluding Jesus' body was wrapped in and
  resurrected through it.

  Before the advent of high-energy accelerators, dating methods
  required destruction of the entire sample -- obviously unacceptable
  for this important relic. Although a date of 35 CE would do nothing
  to prove that the shroud is what the church claims it to be, it
  would lend a small measure of credibility by increasing the
  plausibility. (In fact, testing on almost any feature of the cloth
  can scarcely make a positive case of any kind; something
  unexplained is only unexplained, not necessarily supernatural.) On
  the other hand, any later date than 35 CE would instantly vaporize
  the religious claims. The church has everything to lose and almost
  nothing to gain from testing except perhaps relief from the charge
  of conspiracy to conceal a hoax.

  The following article is printed with permission from "The
  Democrat".]

  A university of Rochester physicist who has waited nearly a decade
  for the chance to help date the Shroud of Turin, believed by some
  to be the burial cloth of Jesus, now has been told he never will
  get the chance.

  In a reversal of an agreement reached a year ago, the Cardinal of
  Turin has said that only three laboratories, not seven, will be
  given a small piece of the shroud to test.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  Prof. Harry E. Gove's Nuclear Structure Research Laboratory at the
  UR is one of the four research institutions that has been dropped
  from participation.

  "I'm disappointed. I've put a lot of effort into it," said Gove,
  who helped pioneer the sophisticated dating method that would be
  used to establish the age of the shroud.

  Noting that the Roman Catholic Church leaders have changed their
  minds before on the subject, Gove said he is not giving up hope.

  "I don't think the last word has been said yet," said Gove reached
  at a scientific conference in Nashville, Tenn.

  For on thing, the three laboratories that were told they could test
  the shroud have informed church officials that all seven should be
  included to enhance the scientific validity of the testing.

  "I think they (church leaders) are either going to say they're not
  going to date the shroud right now, or they're going to reconvene
  the seven laboratories and talk about what kind of compromise
  they're prepared to make," Gove said.

  Scientists have attempted for years to prove or disprove the
  authenticity of the Shroud of Turin, which is one of the most
  prized relics of the Roman Catholic Church.

  The shroud, a 14-by-3+ foot piece of linen, bears the image of a
  bearded man who appears to have been whipped, stabbed in the side
  and crowned with thorns.

  The history of the shroud can be traced back to a 14th-century
  crusader, who apparently brought the relic to Europe from the
  Middle East.

  The shroud is owned by the Vatican but kept in Turin, Italy, under
  the care of Cardinal Anastasio Ballestrero.

  Some devotees say the image was created by a miraculous burst of
  energy that accompanied Jesus' resurrection.

  The cloth has been subjected to a number of scientific tests in
  recent years that have showed the image is not imprinted or
  painted, and which have found traces of blood on the linen.

  Those tests did not involve destruction of any part of the shroud.
  The carbon-14 dating that would be done by Gove and other
  institutions would involve removal of a piece about the size of two
  large postage stamps.

  The destruction of even a small part of the shroud was a stumbling
  block for years, though church officials finally agreed to the
  examination about a year ago. Pope John Paul reportedly approved
  the study.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  But Gove and scientists at the six other research laboratories in
  the U.S. and Europe received a letter last month from Cardinal
  Ballestrero saying that only three labs would be allowed to
  proceed.

  Gove and other scientists say they do not know why the decision
  was changed.

  "They spoke about conservation (of the shroud's material) but that
  does not seem to be a reasonable or plausible reason for reducing
  the number of labs. The amount of cloth to be taken was minuscule,"
  said Garman Harbottle of the Brookhaven National Laboratory in
  Brookhaven, another of the laboratories that has been excluded from
  the testing.

  Both Gove and Harbottle said that using three labs -- and not seven
  -- to test the shroud would be scientifically risky.

  "Once in a while, you'll get a really bad number. If that happens
  with six or seven labs, you can handle it," Harbottle said. But if
  only three labs are used and one of the finding is wildly
  erroneous, he suggested, "it will be a can of worms. No result you
  get after that will ever be convincing."

  Speculated Gove: "It's almost as if they (church officials) want
  it to be done in a way that's questionable."

  The testing method that would be used by six of the seven
  laboratories was one developed at the UR by Gove and other
  researchers about 10 years ago.

  It is an updated version of carbon-14 dating, with which scientists
  can date once-living objects by measuring the remaining amount of
  carbon-14, a radioactive isotope that decays at a known rate.

  Gove's approach employs a nuclear accelerator and is advantageous
  because only a very small amount of material is needed.


  PARAPSYCHOLOGIST DEFROCKED

  The "Sunday Times" in the U.K. airs a bitter dispute between one
  Dr. Carl Sargent of Cambridge university, a scientist who claims
  to have proved the existence of telepathic powers and Dr. Susan
  Blackmore, a researcher at Bristol university's brain and
  perception laboratory.

  For a science (parapsychology) plagued by tricksters and
  charlatans, but in which Sargent's careful laboratory-based
  approach had seemed to establish a core of factual evidence, the
  accusations are an acute embarrassment, if not a disaster.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  Blackmore, who spoke at the 1985 CSICOP conference, had read about
  some of Sargent's work in parapsychological journals and tried
  unsuccessfully to replicate his astounding results in telepathy and
  then decided to watch him at work. (Ms. Blackmore worked as a
  parapsychologist and finally left the field, disillusioned after
  ten years of negative results.)

  Sargent's subjects would lie on a mattress, alone in a windowless
  room with only a red light, their eyes covered and headphones
  transmitting "white noise." (All this to try to reduce interfering
  stimuli.) They were instructed to describe images that came into
  their consciousness, presumably from senders in an adjacent room.
  The descriptions were then judged for accuracy against a picture
  the sender was trying to transmit.

  After carefully watching the procedure for several days, Blackmore
  "saw Sargent handle the envelopes in a way that could have allowed
  him to know which picture had been chosen." She also said she saw
  Sargent in what appeared to be an attempt to steer the judge
  towards choosing a particular picture.

  Sargent was outraged at Blackmore's charges, and counter-charged
  that she "made up her hypotheses on the basis of no more than
  `trivial and random' errors, and he stands by his findings."

  In what must be characterized as admirable scientific protocol,
  the Parapsychological Association voted to censure Sargent "for
  refusing requests to release data from the experiments for
  checking." There are laudable efforts to maintain a scientific
  atmosphere in many of the parapsychological laboratories.


  BOOK REVIEW

  Our own resident UFO expert and former BAS Chairman Robert Sheaffer
  (who incidentally also writes the "Psychic Vibrations" column for
  the "Skeptical Inquirer") is coming out with another book this
  spring. It is a book written from a Libertarian perspective, titled
  "Resentment Against Achievement", to be published by Prometheus
  Books. While much of the book deals with political, economic, and
  religious matters, and hence lies outside the scope of "BASIS",
  skeptics will be interested in Sheaffer's analysis of the
  foundation of pseudoscience, which he attributes primarily to
  widespread resentment against science: envy of the influence,
  prestige and money of those who have successfully pursued science
  and technology.

  In a chapter titled "Resentment Against Science, Technology, and
  Medicine," he notes that in the past two centuries the influence
  and power of the scientific elite has grown dramatically, often at
  the expense of the liberal arts, and has reduced the demand for and
  the status of unskilled labor. This has resulted in widespread envy
  and discontent with things associated with science among some

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  members of these groups.

  The attraction of the pseudosciences, says Sheaffer, is that they
  allow those who harbor strong resentments against science to
  imagine that simple-minded explanations are superior to carefully-
  reasoned ones, derived by disciplined investigation, and hence that
  those ignorant of science are in fact more knowledgeable than
  scientists -- who themselves are blind to the "facts" about psychic
  powers, ancient astronauts, UFOs, etc. The advantage of the
  pseudosciences is to allow the untrained or even the illiterate to
  imagine themselves superior to all the scientists who have ever
  lived.

  "Pseudoscience is the manifestation of the belief that ignorant
  answers are better than carefully-reasoned ones, that the haphazard
  belief systems of the common people are more correct than those of
  the scientific and technical elite. The pseudosciences delight the
  resentful by portraying sages as simpletons and simpletons as
  sages." Those who are interested in theories that seek to explain
  the surprising durability of pseudoscientific thinking will want
  to read "Resentment Against Achievement", which will be available
  in a few months.


  EDITOR'S CORNER
  by Kent Harker

  Whatever is certain is not science. What is science is forever
  uncertain. So said Einstein at the turn of this century.

  The scientific successes of this century have caused us to regard
  the person in a white lab coat as something of a demigod, and
  phrases like "scientifically proven," have become the standard of
  proof. The expectation is that science and technology can produce
  everything to make us well, happy and comfortable. There is
  disappointment and resentment on learning that a doctor might not
  know everything, or that doctors disagree among themselves.

  Truth, with a capital "T", is an end-of-the-rainbow quest from a
  scientific standpoint. There are four principle barriers between
  science and "Truth": ignorance, error, anomaly, and counter-
  example. Leaving ignorance aside, as the solution to that problem
  is obvious, the job of science could well be how we are able to
  sort data into one of the other categories. If the newest
  information does not seem to go along with a particular theory, how
  do we deal with it? Depending upon how we categorize, we will throw
  out the information, ignore it, or change a theory.

  No matter how powerful the theory, there is always the possibility
  of that little counter-example lurking out there which will cut the
  legs from under and overturn the whole thing. For those who need
  certainty, this comes as a surprise at least, because the man on
  the street has come to think that what is "scientifically proven"

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  is fact of the same caliber that 2 and 2 make four. The very nature
  of science is that it is tentative to a greater or lesser degree.

  The so-called scientific creationists attempt to exploit the public
  misunderstanding of this. The creationists sift the scientific
  literature (this is the way they do research) to find statements
  in which a scientist issues a carefully-guarded statement about his
  or her latest work--words like "it seems that..," or "it may be
  that..," or "we feel that.."--all used to indicate proper
  scientific caution (and a little skepticism). Creationists pounce
  upon such phrases and say it is evidence that scientists only have
  a kind of religious faith in their theories. No different (they
  say) than the faith of a creationist in his theories.

  The other half of this dichotomy is presented when a scientist
  extols the power of a theory (evolution, for example), corroborated
  by a mountain of supporting evidence. Now our antagonist sneers
  that scientists and their theories are dogmatic, and that after
  all, it is "only a theory." It is easy to understand why many
  scientists are unwilling to get into a three-ring circus debate
  with creationists when polemics and tactical maneuvers are more
  important than real scientific issues.

  I am always impressed by some of the PBS nature series programs.
  Impressed with the dedication and tireless work of real scientists.
  Real science is getting dirt under ones fingernails. Real science
  is spending cold nights in a small tent in Nepal or sweltering
  noons in the Serengeti with the barest of necessities.

  A recent article in the "New York Times" described the work of
  Bonnie Cole, a doctoral candidate at NYU who just spent 18 months
  in Uganda eviscerating mice. Her purpose was to test the hypothesis
  that specialized species die out when their environment changes.
  This sounds obviously true, but there was no body of evidence to
  support it, so off she went to Uganda. This is the stuff of which
  scientific research is made.

  Creationists prefer the comfort of the library, browsing through
  books, newspapers and journals for some juicy citation to show "the
  other side" is really either weak and uncertain (scientists
  disagree with one another), or iron-fisted dogmatists.

  The constant companion of real science is uncertainty. The ability
  and willingness to trash years of work with the discovery of new,
  controverting evidence is the hallmark of science. The decision of
  when and how to overturn a theory comes back to anomaly, error, or
  the counter-example. The degree of uncertainty allowed in a given
  theory is a measure of our confidence in the quality of the
  evidence and the reliability of the assumptions.

  A good example of this problem is illustrated in the theory of
  radiometric dating. This method is based upon the known time
  required for the decay of half the radioactive atoms in a sample
  (the parent material) to a different atom or isotope (the daughter

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  material). This time, called the half-life, can be determined to
  a very high degree of accuracy under laboratory conditions.

  To make a radiometric age determination of a sample, the ratio of
  parent-daughter material is measured: very small amounts of
  daughter material imply a recent date and conversely. Problems
  arise in that a sample may have had extraneous parent and/or
  daughter material introduced at any time during the past, which
  will obviously affect the dating. A primary assumption of this
  dating method is that the rates of decay have been constant -- it
  is very difficult to imagine what kind of physics could make them
  non-constant.

  This process of dating is difficult, requiring a great deal of time
  and some formidable technology. When widely differing dates occur
  from a single sample (and they sometimes do), study is begun in an
  effort to determine the extent of intrusion. Dates are then cross
  checked with as many other methods possible to put a window on the
  final date. From beginning to end, the work can take as much as a
  year. In some cases, a large error factor is allowed because of the
  uncertainties of intrusion and initial conditions.

  When a wide error factor is allowed, it indicates the difficulty
  of sorting out error, anomaly, and counter-example. What does it
  mean when a moon rock sample is dated at 120 million years old when
  all the rest check out in the 4+ billion-year range? Is it an
  anomaly, have we made errors in our measurements, or is it
  indicative of the real age of our satellite? Since a 120MY date
  would be a minority category, it would be treated as an anomaly.
  But the sample would sit on a shelf with a glowing appeal all its
  own for some bright geologist somewhere, hoping to make a name with
  a major discovery. That rock is in the back of his or her mind.

  A theory about how and why the rock has that age might prove to be
  powerful enough to challenge the reigning paradigm. Our genius
  might be able to prove that it is a counter-example, and a single
  counter-example is sufficient to fell the most noble theory.

  Creationists spend their time looking at the uncertainties of
  science and then showing their congregations (and anyone else who
  will listen) that scientists disagree, and that there are errors,
  and anomalies. All this really demonstrates is that scientists are
  doing science, and that science is alive and well. But they
  concentrate on the uncertainty, packaged with some errors (the
  Piltdown hoax, for example) and a lot of anomalies, and then
  translated the whole thing into a picture of a crumbling
  superstructure shot through with counter-examples and a
  conspiratorial community trying to maintain its empire.

  The creationist recognizes only one category: counter-example. Of
  course, this is a simple misunderstanding of science, but it may
  be due in part to their own position. They claim absolute truth.
  There is no such thing as anomaly or error in absolutes. The
  faintest breath of error is anathema to absolutes.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  Cosmologists say that the universe might have existed for as much
  as 20 billion years. Creationists pounce upon the "might," and "as
  much as," and propose that their 6,000-year-old proposition is just
  as plausible. We may never have the means of refining the estimates
  (yes, estimates) of the age of the universe to better than 18 BY
  plus or minus 3 BY -- a 17% error factor. This magnitude of error
  has to say to any reasoning person that we are less than certain.
  There is no attempt to hide this fact of uncertainty. It is openly
  discussed. But what kind of convoluted logic is involved when one
  can say that since there is as much as a 17% uncertainty, a
  99.999996% uncertainty is thinkable?

  The proposition of a six-thousand-year-old universe, using the
  uncertainty scientists have about the current estimates, is like
  saying that since we cannot telescopically measure a mountain ridge
  on Pluto any more accurately than 35.5 miles long give or take six
  miles, we are justified in saying it is only one inch long.

  There will always be error in the human endeavor of science. There
  will always be anomalies -- unexplained quirks that will require
  more time and technology to clarify. When a counter-example
  surfaces, we must be ready, willing and able to change. Change and
  uncertainty are the nature of science. Rigidity and certainty are
  the stock in trade of pseudoscience.


  PARADOXICAL WHIRLIGIG
  Copyright (C) S.E. Brown (TQM)

  Around and around
  Religions do go,
  From the days of yore
  To the times we know.

  Self-contradiction
  In a whirligig dance,
  Transports the willing
  To a specious trance.

  False dichotomy
  Predicates the spin;
  When logic's ignored...
  Fallacy sets in!

  We skeptics can't bear
  Paradigms absurd --
  Arguments proposed
  From paradoxed "Word".

  Would the whirling soon
  By inquiry, slow,
  Misguidance foregone...


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  Truth sought, now to know.


  NOVEMBER MEETING
  by Keith Henson

  In the announcement of the November BAS meeting, it was mentioned
  that animal language was "addressed" at the last CSICOP meeting in
  Pasadena but no researchers in the field saw fit to present their
  side to the skeptics. Can't say I blame them. All aspects of the
  subject have become heavily loaded with emotional controversy.

  Our speaker, Ms. Mitzi Phillips, has been working for several years
  as an assistant to Penny Patterson. Ms. Patterson and her work with
  Koko have become famous, especially after the "National Geographic"
  story that featured Koko and her pet kitten. At the November
  meeting in Campbell, Ms. Phillips described her work in some
  detail, complete with slides of Koko and Michael, the male gorilla
  at the Gorilla Foundation location in Woodside, to a sometimes
  hostile audience of Bay Area Skeptics.

  Is this "language"? Ms. Phillips made no claims to such that I
  noticed. She simply described Koko's ability to communicate with
  Ms. Patterson and herself, and let the audience apply their own
  words to what she described. Ms. Phillips made no secret about her
  attachment to these charming (and most likely doomed in the wild)
  animals. Many in the audience seemed to feel that there was serious
  self-delusion involved in her report. The question-and-answer
  period included comments that Ms. Patterson had not published in
  reviewed journals, (there are often good reasons) and arguments
  about semantics.

  Subjects that involve changing our world view, or those close to
  humans' closely-guarded "superiority" seem especially prone to
  controversy in the form of overstatement and reaction. Much of the
  initial enthusiasm, and some of the latter criticism was over a
  single chimp in a distantly related experiment.

  Work in artificial intelligence is plagued by similar-sounding
  arguments and changing definitions. At one time, playing chess was
  considered an intelligent activity. Now that computers can play at
  near-master levels, it is considered a mechanical activity. If the
  trend keeps up, the effect of long-range computer development may
  be to eliminate the concept of human intelligence entirely! One
  solution to the ape-language problem would be to simply define
  whatever they can do as outside of "language". But language is, by
  its very nature, subjective. Communication involves not only a
  shorthand exchange of symbols but a shared information base between
  the two parties. If they are talking in a symbol system we don't
  know, or we are getting second-hand reports, it is hard to say how
  much is actual communication, and how much is just the subjective
  report of one side.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  Are the people at the Gorilla Foundation fooling themselves? Or can
  some gorillas develop a significant ability to communicate with us?
  More interesting, is there a consciousness out there, somewhat
  similar to ours, in these magnificent animals? I frankly find the
  reports of jokes Koko plays on her keepers, her attempts to lie,
  and her whimsical nature to be more convincing than all the double-
  blind, item-naming tests that were described. But truth does not
  depend on my opinion, publication or non-publication in a reviewed
  journal, or even the opinion of a patron saint of the skeptics.

  Is it a good idea for the skeptics to get involved in this subject?
  After both my experience of rank derision while trying to present
  the concept of a meme, and this talk, I don't think so. I don't
  think skeptics distinguish very well between new topics that need
  thoughtful consideration before they settle down, and topics that
  just need to be put down.


  SURE-FIRE PREDICTIONS
  by Yves Barbero

  Each year, Psychics make end-of-the-year predictions affecting
  everything from royalty to volcanoes. And, each year, Bay Area
  Skeptics takes the previous year's predictions and dissects them
  for validity. Thus far, it seems, psychics have a low batting
  average. They should be sent back to the Farm Team on page 57 of
  your favorite supermarket tabloid.

  This year, in an effort to be helpful, I am offering ten
  predictions that can't fail -- barring a nuclear war, of course....

  In the field of politics:

  1. President Reagan will not get a crew-cut next year.

  2. The Soviet Union will promise to get out of Afghanistan at least
  three times.

  3. Gary Hart's campaign will continue to state that he didn't
  return to the Democratic contender ranks to get Federal matching
  funds.

  About Royalty:

  4. Princess Di will make the cover of the "National Enquirer"
  twenty or more times.

  5. British Royalty will not be abolished.

  National Concerns:

  6. The Budweiser people will continue to insist that the party
  animal, Spuds McKenzie, has not been recruited to get young people

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  to drink.

  7. 432 scholars, intellectuals, captains-of-industry and high-level
  civil servants will be asked if they are "fun people" before being
  allowed on the radio by talk show hosts.

  Sports:

  8. A team from either the National League or the American League
  will win the World Series and at least one football team will win
  the Superbowl.

  The Media:

  9. Four hundred and six new diet books will appear on the market.
  Three hundred and eighty-two cook books will also appear. Seventeen
  new brands of cigarettes, all low in tar, will appear on the world
  market.

  10. A public relations professional will decry the fact that his
  candidate can't get his real message across on television and make
  us all yearn for the good old days of yellow journalism.

  And finally, I know it's eleven, but spokespersons for Bay Area
  Skeptics will insist, at least 765 times, that because a psychic
  is sincere, does not mean he or she is right.


  RAMPARTS

  ("Ramparts" is a regular feature of "BASIS", and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your local
  scene and send them to the Editor. If you want to add some comment
  with the submission, please do so.)

  The "Buffalo News" reports that Shirley MacLaine's metaphysics
  class was singularly unenlightening in a literal sense.

  The metaphysical Ms. had just started a class of 1,000, teaching
  them how to connect with their higher selves "when a 12-inch water-
  line burst near the hotel and flooded a power station." The power
  went out in the hall and candles were rushed into the room. Shirley
  instructed her disciples to sit cross-legged on the floor and
  meditate to "spiritually repair the broken water main."

  "Imagine the water slowing down", she told them. "Now picture the
  workmen finding the broken pipe and securing them together."

  The scheduled seven-hour seminar concluded several hours later --
  still in the dark.


  Shirley can't seem to keep herself out of the news on all psychic

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  fronts. The "Minneapolis Star and Tribune" shed light on some
  definitely in-body experiences of an out-of-body channeler for Ms.
  MacLaine.

  Charles Silva pleaded guilty to two counts of criminal sexual
  conduct for deceiving two female patients into "believing they were
  receiving therapy when he attempted to have sex with them."

  Silva is facing deportation to Peru as a result of the charges. He
  claims that he was MacLaine's guide and confidante on her Peruvian
  trip, which led to her book "Out on a Limb".


  The razor-tongued advocate sounds the depth of his knowledge of
  logic as he plies his craft prosecuting his case.

  So why isn't there a carry-over to normal, work-a-day routine?
  Attorney Peter Gersten, a criminal lawyer in New York, is reported
  in the "Reporter Dispatch" to have conducted a UFO conference in
  White Plains, NY, and he recounted that "12 unrelated earthlings
  in the Hudson Valley have reported being kidnapped by aliens."

  "Twelve is too large a number for the hostage reports to have been
  coincidental fantasies." (He thinks that is the only other
  possibility.) He added, "...the chances of that happening are
  astronomical unless there's actually something there. If a dozen
  people said they were taken hostage by a motorcycle gang, their
  claim would generate a massive investigation."

  Well, Peter, this means that there is still hope that sanity reigns
  in our police departments when they can distinguish between the
  importance of investigating a Hell's Angels hostage take and a
  Space-Men hostage take.


  BAS advisor Earl Hautala was inspired by the November "BASIS" blurb
  in "Ramparts" about psychics for our pets when he saw an article
  in "The Wall Street Journal". Sales must be down, because they ran
  a four-column article about psychics in the help-you-understand-
  your-pet business. Anything you want to know about what your pet
  is thinking or would like to tell you can be ferreted out by an
  especially sensitive psychic. Some of them are even specialized.
  Go one place for your cockateil and another for your iguana. A dog
  psychic, Lydia Hibby, told the owner of a white spaniel named Didi
  that "Didi wanted to know what happened to the big black dog I had
  six years ago. We thought Didi was stupid, but evidently she lies
  around and thinks a lot.

  A cat named Lulu told her owner to "stop trying to sneak out of the
  house and pretend that she doesn't notice".

  As to how the animals manage to send their notions to us, psychic
  Alice Lydecker says she "mentally asks questions, and receives
  images from the pet". Of course, you can pay for a seminar and

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  tapes and learn how to psyche your pets by yourself.

  Well, this stuff is big business, so maybe the "Journal" is just
  keeping up on the entrepreneurial spirit in the world of psi.

  Channeling is the big thing -- business is booming, reports the
  "Journal". (Our own sturdy psychic, Sylvia Brown, keeps abreast of
  the best trends by cashing in on the channeling mania; she trance-
  channels an "Aztec-Inca".) The most lucrative way to get on the
  band wagon is through numbers. Seminars. If you want to have some
  New Age experience you've got to do it in a seminar. Maybe this is
  just good ol' red-blooded American capitalism.

  What it all says is that people don't want honesty or truth. We
  want feelings.


  NEW BOARD MEMBERS

  With the New Year there are some new faces on the BAS Board of
  Directors.

  Former "BASIS" co-editors Diane Moser and Ray Spangenburg have been
  under contract to write a couple of books since their resignation
  as editors, but they have remained on the board to have a voice in
  the affairs of BAS. Regrettably, time constraints have grown
  tighter, and they have asked to be replaced. We will miss their
  moderating influence and wish them well in their work.

  Michael McCarthy has also requested release from Board membership.
  He worked closely with Steiner and Sheaffer in founding BAS.
  Sincere thanks to these three people who have given their time and
  talents. They have all assured us they will stay close and give
  support and advice.

  Well, the next order of business is to fill the vacancies.

  We have come to regard the services of the "bane of the faith-
  healers", Don Henvick, as a given. Don has spent large sums of his
  own money, not to mention time, traveling throughout the country
  to track the likes of Popoff and Grant. His work has been a major
  contribution to the decline of W.V. Grant and the virtual fall of
  Peter Popoff. We feel fortunate to have his influence on a formal
  basis, as he has accepted a position on the board.

  Norman Sperling has been closely following the activities of BAS
  for the past four years. He was editor of "Sky and Telescope", and
  is completing his M.S. in science history at UCB. Norm has one of
  those minds that absorb detail to such an extent that you had
  better have your facts absolutely correct or you will find them in
  your lap! If some detail is in a book he has read, it is in some
  neuron above his shoulders. The guy must have cortical material in
  his legs.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  "BASIS" and the rest of the Board of Directors welcome Don and
  Norm, and we want the readers out there to know that this board is
  dedicated to the goals of BAS.


  AUSTRALIAN CATHOLICS DENOUNCE CREATIONISM
  by William Bennetta

  The Catholic Education Office in Sydney, Australia, has issued a
  paper that denounces creation science as nonsense and tells plainly
  that the proponents of creation science rely on fraud and deceit.

  The Office is responsible for religious instruction in some 340
  Catholic schools in the archdiocese of Sydney. It began vigorously
  to combat creationism in the autumn of 1986, when it published a
  paper -- called "The Two Books of God" -- that rejected biblical
  literalism, rejected creationism, made clear that creationism
  contradicted the teaching of the Catholic Church, and declared that
  no teacher should consider presenting creationism as if it were
  scientific.

  The Office's new paper is called "The Bumbling, Stumbling,
  Crumbling Theory of Creation Science", and it carries an
  introductory note that says, in part:

  "This paper considers creation science as science. It clearly
  demonstrates that creation science is a pseudo-science and utter
  nonsense. In addition, this paper shows beyond any doubt that
  creation science uses fraud and deceit to achieve its ends.

  "Creation science is also shown to be the evangelizing area of a
  narrow, US-derived fundamentalism.

  "Brilliant marketing techniques have been responsible for the
  significant success of creationism.

  "Creation science has no place in Australian schools. This is
  demonstrated conclusively for any reader with an open mind."

  The paper was issued officially on 1 December 1987, and a front-
  page story about it appeared in the "Sydney Morning Herald" of that
  date. The headline was: "Creationism Utter Nonsense, Catholics
  Told." Here is an excerpt from the story:

  "The booklet, published by the Catholic Education Office (CEO),
  says the Biblical account of the world's origins is not meant to
  be taken at face value.

  "It encourages children to ask how Noah managed to carry in his
  133-metre-long Ark pairs of dinosaurs weighing up to 70 tonnes each
  -- `among them the most ferocious meat-eating predators' -- not to
  mention hundreds of thousands of pairs of insects.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  "It also ridicules attempts by some creationists to reconcile the
  apparent age of the universe with their belief that God created
  the world 6,000 years ago.

  "It singles out the creationist view that the speed of light has
  slowed down since the day of creation, a view needed to explain
  why the light from distant stars appears to have taken millions of
  years to reach us.

  "Using creationist calculations, it argues that light must have
  traveled 200,000 million times faster at the time of creation than
  today.

  "If that were true, the energy from lighting a match would be 4 x
  10 to the 21st power times greater, since the energy depends on the
  speed of light squared.

  "Fires lit by the first human beings 6,000 years ago would thus
  have triggered the equivalent of small nuclear detonations."

  It also attacks creationist claims that Aborigines have not been
  in Australia for 40,000 years, as archaeological evidence suggests,
  and that their Dreamtime stories are memories of the main events
  recorded in the Bible.

  "Surely it must be close to blasphemy to dismiss the aspirations,
  hopes and religious history of a proud people as `racial memories
  of Creation and the Tower of Babel'."

  Readers may order a copy of "The Bumbling, Stumbling, Crumbling
  Theory of Creation Science" by writing to Barry Price, Catholic
  Education Office, Archdiocese of Sydney, 42 Consul Road, Brookvale
  2100, Australia.

  This article is important if for no other reason than it shows the
  absurdity of the creationist dichotomy that origins thinking is
  only between themselves and atheistic evolutionists.


  THE GANZFELD EXPERIMENTS

  Peter Bishop, President of the Humanist Community of San Jose, will
  be the featured speaker at the March BAS meeting.

  The so-called "Ganzfeld" (German for "total field") experiments are
  characterized by a technique for the study of perception that
  creates a homogeneous visual field by placing halves of ping-pong
  balls over a subject's eyes, and then shining a bright light on the
  balls. The subject is placed in a comfortable position and white
  noise is played into earphones. All this is done in an effort to
  place the subject's mind in "neutral" so the test will involve only
  the variables directed by the experimenter. Experiments conducted


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
  with this method are alleged to have produced the most startling
  evidence confirming psi.

  Bishop will share his considerable analyses and critique these
  experiments, showing that major design flaws exist. Bishop will
  review the critical work of CSICOP fellow Dr. Ray Hyman and add his
  own analyses.

  Join BAS for this educational presentation. The Ganzfeld
  experiments are hailed as some of the best proof of psi, so it is
  important that informed skeptics be up to snuff on this work.

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the March, 1988 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1988 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:54]
