{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T12:03:47Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 69549, "source_ctime_ns": 1790240912180779813, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-12.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790240912175047045, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-12.pdf", "source_sha256": "79fddd33cafbd77108b269e2e86a73102959c1e9d46e34d6568edec839645773"}

----------------------------------------------------------
  December 1987 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ----------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 6, No. 12
              Editor: Kent Harker


  HOMO IGNORAMUS
  Lynn Hammond

  It is acceptable for the average college graduate to leave the
  hallowed halls of higher learning without even the most basic
  understanding of a molecule. It is unthinkable that the same
  student be ignorant of Shakespeare. He or she would be considered
  unlettered if not illiterate. While there is no desire to give the
  humanities short shrift, one might wonder if some of the emphasis
  ought to be slightly broadened.

  We live in a highly technological era -- the age of the scientific
  method. Indeed, the age of science. The world and the way things
  work have never been understood to such a high degree; this
  knowledge turns about an appreciation for the simplicity and beauty
  of the fundamental laws of the universe. The value of a good
  science education for the masses is inestimable, but our
  educational system has largely failed. The results are measurable
  and disastrous. Many commonly-held beliefs date back hundreds of
  years to pre-scientific, magical thinking.

  Jon D. Miller, director of the Public Opinion Laboratory at
  Northwestern U., did a comprehensive survey of public beliefs, the
  results of which appeared in "American Demographics" journal; those
  that apply to science are summarized here.

  Only one-third of us understand what a molecule is, yet the term
  is used daily in advertising (the majority think that a molecule
  produced naturally is better than one produced synthetically). Less
  than that admit to a clear understanding of radiation, which
  accounts for much of the hysteria over nuclear energy. When
  advertising states that a product is "proven in scientific circles"
  only a third have an inclination what that means.

  There is a strong correlation between higher education and general
  knowledge of basic science, but the gap is still dismally wide.
  Sixty percent of college graduates said they understood what a
  molecule is compared to 25% of high school graduates. One third of
  college grads compared to only 4% of high school grads understood
  DNA. The nature of a scientific study is 5 times more likely to be
  understood by collegians than by their high school counterparts.

  The study suggests that while the average adult will expand his/her
  knowledge in general, if we don't learn our science in a formal


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  setting, we most likely never will. The report is most unsettling
  in that there is not much application of the little scientific
  knowledge the average student does acquires. It seems we learn some
  of the terminology and principles of science, but there is
  negligible carry-over into daily function.

  Most Americans can't distinguish between science and pseudoscience.
  Almost 70% of all adults read astrology reports and fully 39% (66
  million) say they believe in astrology and think it is scientific.
  Twelve million Americans say they sometimes change their plans
  after reading their horoscope. Astrology goes heavily along gender
  lines because of the difference in educational opportunities, it
  has been suggested. Still, 1/3 of college graduates consult
  astrological forecasts.

  One of the most powerful and comprehensive scientific theories, the
  theory of evolution, is doubted by a majority of the public. The
  majority of men and college graduates accept evolution, but women,
  high school graduates and high school dropouts are more likely to
  reject it.

  We are about evenly split on the question of extraterrestrial
  visitors. Most believers think alien visitors are benign or
  friendly, and of all the beliefs studied in the survey, the
  extraterrestrial hypothesis did not fall along gender or
  educational lines.

  For the some 25 million Americans who do not have a high school
  diploma, the world is a frightening, hostile, incomprehensible
  place in which they have little control over their lives. This
  group heavily believes in fate, signs, omens and luck, while fewer
  than 10% of college graduates would agree. To the statement "It is
  not wise to plan ahead since many things turn out to be a matter
  of good or bad luck anyway." almost half of the dropouts agreed.
  Less than 10% of the collegians agreed.

  The quality of being open minded requires that one have many
  options available. One who does not remotely understand even the
  rudiments of physics is hardly in a position to allege open-
  mindedness about alternative physical explanations. If A, B, C, and
  D contribute understanding to a concept it will not do to postulate
  X in the name of open-mindedness when one has no knowledge of A,
  B, C, and D.

  If the average American obtains very little science in his or her
  formal education and then only applies it poorly, the knowledge gap
  after leaving school is being filled by the marketplace. Sadly,
  that marketplace makes no distinction between science fiction and
  science fact: what sells is all that counts. The pulp rags at the
  check-out stand outsell the combined effort to present any
  semblance of the other side.

  [Mr. Hammond is a "BASIS" subscriber and concerned skeptic from
  Idaho.]

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  PRESIDENTIAL HEALER

  Much information about ex-Rev. Pat Robertson has been in the mail
  to "BASIS" of late, notably from BAS advisor BILL BENNETTA. The
  concern about keeping this publication out of the political arena
  makes us reluctant to touch on Robertson, but the amount of
  correspondence and clippings shows that there is more than just
  candidate Robertson.

  Quite apart from his political ambitions, his foibles, examined
  under the public microscope, have touched on his faith-healing
  claims. Since alleged healings from any paranormal source fall
  under the purview of BAS, and since we have had striking successes
  in our investigations in this area, it was deemed important to
  focus some attention on Robertson's methods and claims. What
  follows, then, is something of a summary of the material sent to
  BASIS.

  Probably one of the best analyses was done by Martin Gardner in
  "The New York Review of Books", Aug. 13.

  "Like Brother Bakker and Richard Roberts, Pat practices the shotgun
  technique of healing -- much simpler than the laying on of hands.
  God gives him a `Word of Knowledge' about the afflictions of
  unnamed people. With millions of viewers, he is sure to score many
  lucky hits. Those who are hit report their miracle cures and make
  generous donations. If an interviewer likes the way the healees
  talk, they may be invited to appear on the show to give stirring
  testimony.

  "Pat's sin of pride, the pride of willful ignorance, has grown with
  CBN. His powers now rival St. Peter's. In China he once preached
  in English and his listeners, he says, all heard him in their
  native dialects, just like on the day of Pentecost. A woman in
  California listened to Pat say that someone had broken an ankle and
  God was healing it. Her ankle was instantly okay. The awkward fact
  is she had been watching a rerun -- Pat actually spoke his lines
  before the woman broke her ankle. Healing future accidents, Pat
  writes, happens often in his ministry.

  "On at least three occasions the prayers of Pat and his associates
  have saved CBN headquarters from damage by a killer hurricane. In
  "Beyond Reason" he tells how they diverted hurricane Betsy from
  Virginia Beach.

  "Here is yet another story Pat himself relates in "Beyond Belief":
  One Sunday, after services when he was an assistant pastor of a
  church in Mount Vernon, New York, a twelve-year old girl ran out
  of the entrance into the street and was killed by a car. Next day,
  Pat and his congregation prayed that the child would rise from the
  dead. The girl's body, lying in an open casket, had been embalmed.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  Pat saw nothing unusual or funny about this incident. `She did not
  rise,' he concluded solemnly, `and we buried her on Tuesday.' "

  Dick Dabney reported in "Harper's", August 1980, a chilling sample
  of Pat's healing technique.

  "There is a woman in Kansas City who has sinus. The Lord is drying
  that up right now. Thank you Jesus. There is a man with a financial
  need -- I think a hundred thousand dollars. That need is being met
  right now, and within three days, the money will be supplied
  through the miraculous power of the Holy Spirit. Thank you Jesus!
  There is a woman in Cincinnati with cancer of the lymph nodes. I
  don't know whether it's been diagnosed yet, but you haven't been
  feeling well, and the Lord is dissolving that cancer right NOW!
  There is a lady in Saskatchewan in a wheelchair -- curvature of the
  spine. The Lord is straightening that out right now, and you can
  stand up and walk! Just claim it and it's yours. Stand up and walk.
  Thank you Jesus! Amen and amen!"

  The "San Jose Mercury" reported that neo-Pentecostal Robertson "is
  being confronted by powerful video images broadcast on a Los
  Angeles NBC affiliate showing him leading a 1981 revivalist faith-
  healing in which he proclaimed that members of the audience were
  cured on the spot of cancer, hemorrhoids, goiter, bad teeth and a
  long list of other ailments.

  "As he has in other well-publicized appearances, Robertson told of
  having personal discussions with God. He said he was driving in his
  car and the Lord told him to ask for something, anything. `I said,
  well, I don't know what to ask for but I probably would like to
  have $1,000. And the Heavenly Father said all right.'

  "So the Lord gave it to him, Robertson said. And then a week later
  he was glad he asked because he said his daughter required dental
  care that cost $1,000. `He (the Lord) knew I had the need before
  I called on Him.' "

  James Randi predicts that Robertson will ultimately withdraw from
  the race. The heat is going to be turned up, and it remains to be
  seen if America will be run by a bona-fide fundamentalist.

  [Again, special thanks to BILL BENNETTA (spelled with two n's --
  sorry about that misspelling in the last issue, Bill) for the
  materials and comments. - Ed.]


  HANDWRITING ANALYSIS
  David Schreiber

  Have you ever wondered what standards teachers use when they make
  personal judgments and form attitudes toward their students?

  Recently a high school teacher from the Ottawa area in Canada named

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  Luigi Zardo revealed his criteria in an article in "Forum", a
  publication of the Ontario Secondary School Teachers' Federation.

  Zardo teaches business, and states that he judges his students on
  the basis of graphology: "the science of discerning personality
  traits from the appearance of someone's handwriting."

  He is not diffident in his judgments. He believes that there is
  negligible business sense in a student whose handwriting
  concentrates in the "upper zone" of the writing line. Similarly,
  he sees little motivation to make money in a student whose script
  focuses in the "middle zone." Of someone whose writing slopes
  sharply to the right, Zardo says, "I don't expect cool reason."

  He presents a small "Encyclopaedia Graphologica". A line of writing
  that droops reveals a writer who is "indecisive, weak-willed and
  discouraged." Compressed loops indicate fearfulness and emotional
  tension. Upward-reaching loops are the mark of people who live in
  a fantasy world.

  One wonders if a stray blob of ink points to some truth more
  profound than a leaky pen.

  Zardo makes no apologies that he uses these signs to judge his
  students. He wrote the "Forum" article to encourage his fellow
  teachers to do likewise. Which means more to him when marking a
  critical essay, the logic of a student's argumentation or the slope
  of the script? What happens when the student with droopy
  handwriting approaches him for a recommendation to a leadership
  camp? Will writing in the wrong zone put students on some secret
  blacklist?

  Graphology has been around since 1622, when a doctor in Bologna (no
  pun intended) named Camillo Baldi published the first book on the
  subject. The hypothesis on which it is based seems believable.
  Starting from the simple, obvious fact that personality must be
  exhibited in behavior, it is argued that there might exist a
  precise, detail-for-detail correspondence between the personality
  of a writer and the individual marks he or she makes in the act of
  writing. Thus the character trait of boldness might be revealed in
  large letters, optimism in an upward slant of the writing line, and
  sensuality in large loops plunging below the writing line.

  This idea seems interesting enough; well worth putting to the test.
  Unfortunately graphology has never proven itself in sound,
  scientific tests. It has never gone past the stage of hypothesis.
  Despite this deficiency, but in a way that is all too familiar in
  the pseudosciences, it has grown large and pretentious.

  One of the earliest and most important critical studies of
  graphology, by Ludwig Klages in Germany in the Nineteenth century,
  concluded that the interpretation of isolated signs was simply not
  valid. Most other studies have produced negative results.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  A little support for graphology was given in a study by noted
  French psychologist Alfred Binet in the late 1800s. It tested seven
  graphologists by asking them to analyze 74 handwriting samples and
  to attempt to distinguish the 37 writers who were of superior
  ability (by the standards of the testers, presumably) from the 37
  of average ability. The graphologists scored better than chance,
  with one analyst matching 92%. Of course, a thorough study must
  have each subject submit the same handwritten text. The reference
  is not clear on this point. If samples were taken from written
  material already extant, then one wonders how many clues to a
  writer's ability were available just in the words of the
  handwriting samples. In any event, later studies did not yield
  further support.

  Nevertheless, graphology flourished and is flourishing today,
  sometimes popping up under a guise of respectability. Although it
  is not generally taken seriously in North American academic
  circles, graphology has been taught at the New School for Social
  Research in New York City as a serious diagnostic aid. Corporations
  hire graphologists to screen job applicants. It is not unusual to
  find sources such as the "Merit Student's Encyclopedia" blithely
  stating the "the main fields in which graphology can be helpful
  include personnel selection, vocational guidance, and historical
  research." Europe has been even more lax, as several universities
  there teach courses in graphology, and one can even earn an
  official license to practice the subject.

  Everybody wants to form accurate opinions of other people, and we
  would all be extremely grateful for new, quick-and-easy methods of
  achieving insight into character. Graphology lacks the firm
  experimental foundation that it would need to make it any more than
  an excuse for discrimination.

  The great English thinker Francis Bacon invented a name for
  illusions like graphology: Idols of the Theatre -- so called
  because they consist of little worlds of belief existing apart from
  reality, like stage plays. His comments on them, although made 400
  years ago, are still accurate. "The human under-standing" he said,
  "when it has once adopted an opinion, either as being the received
  opinion or as being agreeable to itself, draws all things else to
  support and agree with it. And though there be a greater number and
  weight of instances to be found on the other side, yet these it
  either neglects and despises, or else by some distinction sets
  aside and rejects."

  Mr. Zardo and others will not cease to believe in graphology just
  because no evidence for it exists. But the intensity of their
  belief might decrease if skeptics keep reminding them of the dearth
  of facts.

  [David Schreiber is a teacher who lives in Toronto. His article
  first appeared in "The Ontario Skeptic".]


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  MANTRA MUDDLING
  Michael Sorens

  Newsflash! Except that this information is from January 1984; but
  it is of perennial interest for those who are seeking
  transcendental truth.

  A person who completes a course in Transcendental Meditation is
  given a secret "mantra": a "personalized set of syllables" that
  should be repeated to oneself during meditation, according to
  "Omni" magazine, and this mantra should not be disclosed to anyone.
  And soon we will find out why it shouldn't.

  The "Omni" article points out the interesting fact that if you
  study under a second TM teacher, you will be given the same mantra.
  This clearly indicates the transcendent nature of your personality,
  which is obvious to those who can read it.

  The head of the TM discipline, Maharishi Mahesh Yogi has this to
  say about mantras:

  "We know that each man is a different individual. Similarly, each
  man has his own type of energy impulses that constitute his
  personality. Therefore, if the qualities of the energy impulses of
  the sound of the mantra rightly correspond to the energy impulses
  of the man, only then will it be of real value. Any wrong choice
  of the mantra is sure to create unbalance in the harmony of the
  man's life."

  Imagine, if you will, the horrors of being given the wrong mantra
  by some teacher who had dozed off in TM school during the section
  on your particular kind of energy. This could ruin your whole day.

  Never fear. According to "Omni's" article, it was revealed by some
  disaffected TM trainers that there are just 16 mantras -- not the
  thousands claimed by Yogi -- which are assigned according to age
  rather than energy. They are:

  ENG 0 - 11 SHIRIN 26 - 29
  EM 12 - 13 SHIRIM 30 - 34
  ENGA 14 - 15 HIRING 35 - 39
  EMA 16 - 17 HIRIM 40 - 44
  AENG 18 - 19 KIRING 45 - 49
  AEM 20 - 21 KIRIM 50 - 54
  AENGA 22 - 23 SHAM 55 - 59
  AEMA 24 - 25 SHAMA 60 - up

  [The 55 - 59 group has the right mantra, it looks to me. MICHAEL
  SORENS is a frequent contributor of layout and format ideas, for
  which we are very grateful. -- Ed.]


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  RAMPARTS

  [Ramparts is a regular feature of "BASIS", and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip, and tear bits of irrationality from your
  local scene and send them to the EDITOR. If you want to add some
  comments with the submission, please do so.]

  There seems never to be an end to the stream of baloney that is
  grist for the skeptic's mill. It has been discovered that animals,
  insects (specifically, cockroaches), and even eggs have psychic
  powers. Parapsychology laboratories have conducted research in
  which a random generator turned a heat lamp on and off over a batch
  of fertilized chicken eggs. The eggs were found to influence the
  randomness to keep the heat "on" significantly more than average.
  Of course, our plants also possess psychic powers, too.
  Parapsychologists have measured galvanic response in plants as they
  (the plants) reacted to their environment. Don't tell secrets
  around your philodendron.

  Psychic Penelope Smith has a new twist with her sensitivities. She
  uses her powers to communicate with animals. And then she tells the
  pet owner what it is that Fido has been wanting all these years.

  A story in the "Mercury News" about what this astounding woman does
  with animals considers a case in point. In a $25-per-half-hour chat
  with "Max", a German shepherd, he told her that what he wanted most
  was a bird. A parakeet. Max was serious, because he "wasn't
  noticeably grinning".

  That might have explained why Max was watching Penelope's bird so
  attentively. Maybe Max wants a whole bunch of birds. Preferably,
  plucked.

  "Smith said her success stories include a dog with a broken leg
  that wouldn't keep his cast on, and a racehorse that wouldn't run."
  She explained to the dog the soundness of the medical procedure and
  he quit his foolishness right then and there. Dogs have to
  understand like anyone. She says. The horse "was not racking up
  many wins", and it turns out that the filly had been traumatized
  by several injuries and just didn't have enough self-confidence.
  Penelope fixed it all.

  This Dr. Doolittle left some instructions for us mere mortals to
  use to make contact with our own fuzzies and furries.

  "Find a quiet place and sit calmly with your pet. Clear your mind
  and focus on your pet. Call his name or rub his back to let him
  know you want to talk. Visualize something, and send it outward in
  front of your body. Practice sending a mental picture from where
  you are to a few feet away. Then practice sending the mental
  picture to your pet. Start by saying hello telepathically. Imagine
  your pet saying hello back. Move on to `How are you doing?' Listen
  carefully for the answer, keeping your mind open only to your pet.
  Try asking, `Is there anything you want to tell me?' Take a deep

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  breath if you don't like the answer. And practice, practice."

  After the session, let your pet talk to Ms. Smith about the bill.


  Charles Berlitz (of "The Bermuda Triangle" fame) is at it again,
  according to the "Toronto Sunday Star". Charles wrote two other
  books -- listed in the non-fiction section of your bookstore --
  about the unusual. His latest effort in vintage Berlitz style is
  "The Lost Ship of Noah", a rambling work about the last 100 years
  of countless expeditions and sightings of the famed vessel in the
  Ararat environs.

  As to his own opinions, Berlitz says, when asked about the
  existence of the ark, "I won't say for certain this is Noah's Ark,
  but it could be." Creationist arkeology at its best.

  Anything that looks remotely boat-like has been photographed time
  and time again. Samples of petrified whatever are taken to be the
  building materials from the liner.

  (Since the Ark presupposes the Deluge, one might wonder why Charles
  didn't discuss the plausibility of a world-wide flood that covered
  the entire surface to 18 cubits above Everest. Of course the Ark,
  at 5.5 miles above sea level for almost a year, may have been
  heated to maintain proper temperature.


  Attorney DAVID PRESSMAN (David did an article on health fraud for
  "BASIS") sent us a blurb from "The Vegetarian Times" in which
  super-psychic Uri Geller attributes a great upsurge in his
  "utensil-twisting abilities when he gave up meat 10 years ago.
  Geller said that when he ate meat, it took five minutes to bend a
  spoon, but since becoming a vegetarian, he can do it in one minute
  or less."

  What would happen if he gave up caviar?


  From the pages of "Health" magazine, a full-page advertisement for
  a "perceptron" was forwarded to us. The copy warns us that the
  "Russians struck first with psychic weapons." NASA, we learn, has
  spent millions in a frantic attempt to catch up with the latest
  psychic discoveries so that our fighter pilots could out-psyche the
  commies in dogfights. NASA developed a top-secret doodad to train
  our Top Guns how to increase their psychic abilities to the point
  that they could "know" the next move of their opponents before they
  made it.

  Of course, someone let the secret out, and now you can buy this
  gizmo for 40 bucks and train yourself. If you don't fly A-16s, you
  can use your new-gained insight to see what your business
  competitor is going to do to you before he does it. There's a
  "complete instruction booklet that discusses psychic ability and

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  intuition."

  Let's hope Joe Montana gets one of those things before Super
  Sunday.

  You are really going to be steamed about this one if you lost money
  on Black Monday or live in Los Angeles -- or worse, if you are a
  victim of both. The "Mercury" reports that Jose Arguelles,
  concocter of Harmonic Convergence, now says that "the energy from
  the Harmonic Convergence is responsible for the stock-market dive
  and the L.A. earthquakes."

  We don't care what or who is responsible for it, we just want you
  to tell us a little more SPECIFICALLY in advance. "There will be
  troubles in the next few months" is not very helpful, Jose.


  "When a man's knowledge is not in order, the more of it he has, the
  greater will be his confusion." -- H. Spencer


  EDITOR'S CORNER
  by Kent Harker
  Editor of "BASIS"

  I recently did a presentation on the paranormal for a fraternal
  order and it was at least as interesting to me because I was able
  to see how the public reacts to paranormal explanations.

  I wanted to show that since parapsychologists have no theory of psi
  they resort to statistical analyses for support. I wanted to
  demonstrate that probabilities cannot stand in lieu of theory.

  After an introduction about 100 years of parapsychological research
  that has not produced one replicable experiment, I proposed an
  "inquiry." The audience of about 35 was seated with the closest row
  approximately 10 feet away. I held up a quarter, and told them that
  the test was to determine if the quarter was fair, i.e., unbiased.
  I stood behind a table with a table-top podium, and flipped the
  coin twice and reported it to be heads both times.

  "Are there any who think the coin is weighted?" I asked.

  No takers. I flipped three more times, reporting heads each time.
  Again my query, and a couple of hands came up. They said it looked
  suspicious. Then I told them they all had an imaginary $100 to bet
  on the bias of the coin based upon the five successive heads.

  The two pulled their hands down. I tossed the quarter three more
  times, reporting all heads.

  They began to talk to each other. To my same question, about five
  hands were raised. They were willing to bet that 8 successive heads

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  was sufficient reason to venture their $100 for even money.

  Then I announced that the $100 had suddenly become $5,000 as a test
  of their confidence. All hands went down -- the bets were off. The
  discussion in the audience grew as they questioned one another.
  Eight successive heads was not enough to risk $5,000.

  "After all," they reasoned, "it COULD happen just by chance."

  Now they were beginning to think a little -- to question what was
  happening. I flipped the coin two more times announcing the same
  result (heads), and had two takers at $5,000.

  Suddenly, someone blurted, "Hey, how do we know you are telling us
  the truth about the outcome of the toss?"

  "Finally!" I said to myself. Some of those people were ready to
  place their money (imaginary though it was) solely on my word.
  After a little applause for his observation, we settled down again.
  I assured them I had been honest but they wanted someone up there
  to see for themselves nonetheless.

  A representative was chosen and came forward. Then I flipped the
  coin, turned it on the back of my hand, slightly lifted my fingers
  off the coin and announced the result. The monitor said he wanted
  to see, so I removed my hand entirely, exposing the head.

  "Now we have eleven trials, all of them heads," I proclaimed. Two
  more tosses in the same fashion gave me a string of 13. A dozen
  hands said they were now ready to put their money down. (They had
  forgotten their brother's counsel for the first ten trials.)

  The monitor then protested that I had looked at the coin first, and
  suggested that I might have been manipulating the coin. The betters
  immediately withdrew and demanded closer supervision. They said
  that THEY should flip the coin.

  How dare they! I feigned indignation and they relented. But they
  advised the monitor to watch more carefully.

  I patted him on the back and gave a not-too-surreptitious wink. Two
  more flips and two more heads brought half the audience to a
  willingness to bet their $5,000.

  I told them I was not convinced of their sincerity and the level
  of their belief since the money was not real, so I told them it is
  now $100,000 -- their life savings.

  Almost all wagers were off, because, after all, it "just could be
  chance" even though it is very unlikely. Two people, however, stuck
  to their guns. They just didn't think anything that unlikely could
  occur by chance. Their comments to this effect were interrupted by
  a gentleman who said he knew that it is possible to flip a coin in
  a certain way to make it turn up a predetermined face. This made

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  sense to most, so the pair immediately sucked in their stake.

  A number of people were beginning to get hostile. They INSISTED
  that someone else flip the coin. I assured them I had no reason to
  lie (false) and that I was not using any trickery in conducting the
  trials (false). A little more ranting on my part, and they were
  ready to continue.

  I noticed that about a third of them had their arms tightly folded
  across their chests and their eyes riveted on me. It was getting
  hard for me to keep a straight face.

  Three more heads, for a total of 18 straight.

  Some of the believers wanted to bet, but were reluctant, if only
  because of the skeptics. I appealed to them to persuade their
  cohorts, and the discussion became livelier.

  Fortunately, there were no probabilists or conjurers in the crowd.
  I would have been sunk, so clumsy were my antics.

  A challenge came from another corner that perhaps the monitor was
  in league with me, and that he was not to be trusted either. After
  all, they couldn't be sure I had not arranged something with him.
  My protests to the contrary seemed to lay all concerns to rest,
  especially since they had chosen him, and everybody got right back
  into things.
  I put on my most sincere demeanor and flipped heads twice more.

  A portly chap near the center said he had heard that a roulette
  wheel had been unceremoniously removed from Monte Carlo after a run
  of nine drops on red. "The coin is weighted -- there was little
  doubt. The experiment had demonstrated this beyond reasonable
  doubt," he declared. He would place a million on it.

  "Would you really," I asked, "really if it would your own money?"

  He waffled a little when he was reminded that it COULD happen by
  chance even though it was so unlikely.

  Now members of the audience insisted that someone else flip the
  coin. They would not go any further without independent
  verification. I realized that I could not continue my ruse, so I
  asked them some questions.

  "If you don't match my results, will it prove that the coin is
  fair?" I asked.

  Discussion. Several other said that the test would have to be run
  numerous times under different conditions to be able to state
  something conclusively. There began to be a consensus that the
  factors necessary to control a simple thing like a coin toss
  experiment could be very complex, indeed. I introduced the idea
  that the number of trials would have to be predetermined or else

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  someone might quit when a number of "successes" had been achieved.
  This was a springboard for a discussion of the "decline," the
  "sheep and goats," and the "experimenter" effects, all alleged to
  influence the outcome of a parapsychological experiment.

  It was now clear that many were thinking about what was, in fact,
  the point of the demonstration: At what juncture is one able to say
  there is something other than chance operating? The difficulty of
  eliminating extraneous data and experimental design flaws was very
  evident.

  One person said, quite solemnly, and quite truly, "You can never
  know if the experiment is clean."

  No matter how hard one tries, there may be some element that has
  been overlooked. If statistical considerations are all one has to
  go on, and since statistics only has meaning on the premise of
  randomness, randomness must be assured before conclusions may be
  inferred. Such a premise is in fact incredibly complex at least -
  - if not empirically impossible.

  Now I increased the complexity of the problem by telling them that
  I wanted them to consider psychokinesis -- that the turn of the
  coin could be influenced by my volition or even the unwitting
  volition of others in the room. There were some in the audience who
  said they were "lucky" because they felt they could influence
  things by their concentration. This was bandied about a little, and
  someone offered, "How would you eliminate that as an influence?"
  Chaos reigned supreme now.

  I asked for some order after listening to a few summaries of the
  difficulties and how each might be handled, but the question, "At
  what point does one place confidence that a long sequence of heads
  could not occur by chance?" was still dangling. This is of course
  what I wanted to come to. Nearly all agreed that there would be no
  objective way of concluding that the coin was weighted from coin-
  tossing experiments.

  "What is the goal of this experiment?" I asked them.

  "To determine if the coin is weighted," they remembered well. They
  agreed that, no, we couldn't determine it statistically.

  "Is there a better way to find out if the coin is biased?"

  The suggestions came in a torrent.

  "Weigh it."

  "Measure it."

  "Look at it under high magnification."

  There were many others, but it suddenly brought everything down to

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  earth. The problem was so simple now. It could be determined
  objectively and with finality.

  To a few groans and a lot of laughter I told them I had lied about
  the face of the coin and cheated with their spokesperson. All
  agreed that it wouldn't ultimately have changed the problem very
  much anyway -- just shifted the difficulty from one area to
  another.

  There was a sense of relief among the participants in this little
  scenario as several wondered why they hadn't thought of other ways
  to test the coin before.

  Now I asked them to look at "psi" phenomena.

  "How can we devise a test of something for which we have no theory
  of how and why it works let alone its existence in the first
  place?" I asked.

  With the coin we know it exists and we know the kinds of things
  that would make it biased, and can directly and empirically test
  those sources of bias one-by-one. These tests could then be
  replicated independently. After empirical testing, we could use the
  results of the tests to predict the average outcome of a sequence
  of tosses. This has the reasoning going in the right direction:
  from existence, to theory, to statistics. Since there is no theory
  of psi to test, we cannot devise an experiment to falsify it. Psi
  is non-falsifiable. If it is non-falsifiable, it is non-scientific
  and parapsychology is a pseudoscience.

  Even if one were to grant the existence of psi, it is impossible
  to determine if the results of an experiment are due to
  clairvoyance, pre-cognition, psychokinesis, or telepathy.

  Over one hundred years have failed to produce a single experiment
  that can be replicated in any laboratory at any time. Over one
  hundred years have failed to produce a plausible theory of psi.

  If parapsychologists claim to be scientific and to use the
  scientific method, is there any other domain of science that has
  so doggedly continued with such a paucity of evidence for so long?


  SOUTH AFRICAN SKEPTIC VISITS BAY AREA
  by Yves Barbero

  David Liknaitzky, M.D., a founding member of the Association for
  the Rational Investigation of the Paranormal (ARIP) of South
  Africa, visited San Francisco in late October with his wife.

  Dr. Liknaitzky, a pathologist in Johannesburg, was contacting
  skeptics from local groups as he and his wife toured the United
  States. He said his group of fifteen is just getting off the ground

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  and he is interested in some of the means local societies have used
  to increase interest in skepticism.

  Despite the enormous social problems in his country, the usual
  cache of day-to-day claims from psychics, health frauds, and the
  like abound just as anywhere else. Groups within the medical
  community are already involved in fighting health fraud, he pointed
  out, but he and others within ARIP felt that the challenge of
  paranormal claims needed to be met by an organization of its own.

  The group now consists mainly of men and women from the sciences.
  "All Caucasian", he added with some disappointment; and the women
  are primarily wives of members. He hopes, as the group grows, to
  involve members from the community at large and to have members
  without regard to race or ethnic origin.

  Since the Chair, Larry Loebig, could not be present, I acted in his
  behalf and outlined with Dr. Liknaitzky the various tactics BAS is
  using to grow and bring public attention to the problems of psychic
  claims.

  The doctor has a commitment of support from BAS and permission to
  use articles from "BASIS" for the newsletter they plan to start.
  He assured me that he'll keep us informed about his group's growth.

  As we drove around San Francisco taking in the sights, our
  conversation also dealt with some of the social problems of the
  modern world.

  If more people had the doctor's ideals, I think, there would be
  more equality and less friction.

  You may write him at:

  David Liknaitzky,
  31 Gambia Road
  Emmarentia, Johannesburg, South Africa 2195


  The inimitable ROBERT STEINER, erstwhile Chair and co-founder of
  BAS, lecturer, performer extraordinaire, President-elect of the
  Society of American Magicians (SAM), etc., etc. is finally going
  to do for us what he does for groups in an ever-expanding region
  in the country, except he isn't going to charge us! Bob's
  reputation has rapidly spread during the last two or three years
  to the point that he is speaking and lecturing professionally. His
  performances before concerned citizens' groups have won him high
  praise from law enforcement officials.

  Bob's keen interest has always been in the best of the Houdini
  tradition of exposing sleight-of-hand passing for psychic
  phenomena. He has worked for years in the SAM's subcommittee on
  magic fraud.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  Join BAS on Tuesday, December 15 for this fascinating evening with
  Bob; we guarantee you will be dazzled and amazed with his
  performance. You may come away believing in the paranormal if you
  compare the smoothness of Bob's demonstration compared with, say,
  Uri Geller. You'll only be sorry if you don't come.

  See the Calendar for details and directions.

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the December, 1987 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1987 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
