{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T20:47:38Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 79922, "source_ctime_ns": 1788529220942424437, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-03.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788529220939763674, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-03.pdf", "source_sha256": "16635406d329fab60bfb40e7f2571185d7c971e299c86fff2ed74cd026314ef5"}

-----------------------------------------------------
  March 1990 BASIS, newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -----------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 9, No. 3
              Editor: Kent Harker


  CROCODILE ABDUCTEE: CHASING UFOS DOWN UNDER
  by Robert Sheaffer

  [Robert Sheaffer, former chair and co-founder of BAS, has traveled
  worldwide in searching the solution to UFO reports. Years of travel
  and careful study of the more prominent UFO stories led to his
  book, "UFO Verdict". Robert is an internationally recognized expert
  who now spends less time investigating and more time explaining. He
  has appeared on every major radio and TV station in the Bay Area
  when those media want to hear the skeptical side. His travels as a
  guest lecturer are not, however, limited to the Bay Area, as we see
  in this article.]

  As winter's chill settles in upon us, you can warm yourself with
  thoughts of sunny Australia, which is now basking in summer heat.
  Last year, as the warmth of summer was moving in to California, I
  spent two chilly weeks "down under," on a five-city UFO lecture
  tour courtesy of The Australian Skeptics. In each city, I was
  greeted at the airport by one or more skeptics, who drove me where
  I needed to go, and I stayed in private homes the whole time.
  That's the secret of the no-frills travel that CSICOP arranges:
  rock-bottom airfares, and no hotels. We at BAS hosted the Indian
  skeptic Premanand in a similar manner when he spoke in the Bay
  Area.

  After a nine-hour flight from Honolulu, and an hour stopover in
  Cairns, two more hours in the air brought us to Brisbane,
  Queensland, my first destination. It's pronounced BRIZZ-bin, no
  matter what you call that little town near San Bruno. (Australians
  will twitter when Yanks can't pronounce the names of their cities!
  And Cairns is pronounced almost identically like the name of that
  other exotic foreign city, Cannes. Or is it "Quinze"?)

  The Queensland branch of the Australian Skeptics in Brisbane is
  small but energetic. There I enjoyed the gracious hospitality of
  skeptic John Lapworth. There was no public event or lecture
  scheduled in Brisbane, so we met at the home of the president of
  that chapter. I spoke to an audience of about fifteen skeptics, who
  were most interested to hear what I had to say. Queensland has the
  reputation of being a conservative religious area, like the
  American South, so creationism is a big concern. There is an
  ongoing battle to keep religion out of the public schools.
  Communications between the Queenslanders and the American critics
  of creationism didn't seem as good as they should be.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  The next stop was Sydney, the largest Australian city, and the
  national center of the Australian Skeptics, and home of its
  president Barry Williams. Unfortunately, a work slowdown by Air
  Traffic Controllers had air travel tied in knots both in and out of
  Sydney. Barry had made arrangements for me to be on the top-rated
  morning radio talk show there, but the controllers made me about
  two hours late.

  After the tranquil, down-home atmosphere of Brisbane, when I
  finally arrived in Sydney, Barry grabbed me (and my luggage) and we
  dashed off to his car, racing through the traffic to the very
  center of downtown Sydney. Pulling up to the door of the radio
  studio, he directed me to jump out, go up in the elevator (excuse
  me, "lift"), and announce my arrival, while he drove off to hunt
  for parking.

  The station was expecting me, and I soon was ushered into the
  studio. The two hosts were flippant -- I felt like I was in a Monty
  Python skit -- but the brief interview went well, and we plugged my
  forthcoming public talk in Sydney. There were other radio and TV
  appearances arranged, including the local ABC (Australian
  Broadcasting Corp.) radio station, and the nationwide Today Show,
  which might be thought of as "Good Morning, Australia," or,
  perhaps, the "G'Day Show." A good crowd turned out for my talk,
  including a few very colorful eccentrics.

  The following day we drove to Newcastle, the town that was recently
  hit so hard by an earthquake. Standing on the cliffs overlooking
  the ocean, I could not help but imagine I was seeing the Marin or
  Mendocino headlands, and I remarked to Barry how much the region
  looked like California. A wine-growing region, with California-like
  weather and California-like ocean cliffs, it didn't surprise me to
  learn that it has earthquakes as well.

  Professor Colin Keay, an astronomer at the University of Newcastle,
  had previously scheduled a UFO lecture of his own that very
  evening, so when he learned I would be coming, we divided the time
  equally between us. Prof. Keay told the Newcastle Skeptics the
  results of some of his own UFO investigations, including some
  hoaxers' hot air balloons.

  My flight to Canberra, the Australian capital, was so early on a
  Sunday morning that the Air Traffic Controllers in Sydney didn't
  even have enough traffic to congest, so I arrived on time. I was
  interviewed on ABC Radio station 2CN, at 666 on the A.M. dial. I
  imagine they use the line, "This is 2CN, the Number of the Beast,
  in Canberra." I also appeared on the local TV news.

  My host in there was Professor Colin Groves, an anthropologist at
  the Australian National University, who arranged for me to speak on
  campus. My talk drew only about 25 people, but they were quite
  receptive. Prof. Groves also took me for a tour of the countryside,
  to see kangaroos, koalas, and emu, and to visit the Deep Space


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  Network station at Tidbinbilla, the prime site for receiving
  Voyager's images of Neptune.

  To get from Canberra to Adelaide required changing planes at
  Sydney, allowing the Air Traffic Controllers to extract another
  pound of flesh. I finally arrived in Adelaide, a genteel and
  unhurried city, to find a frazzled skeptic, Allan Lang, wondering
  where I could possibly be, and how he could get me to the radio
  interview for which I was already late. Well, he got me there as
  best he possibly could, and the hostess simply juggled things
  around to get me on the air.

  Two hours later I did another interview, both times plugging my
  talk. This was followed up by a splendid, even elegant, dinner with
  about fifteen skeptics, in a private dining room at a fine
  restaurant. Those Adelaide skeptics certainly have class! I stayed
  in the large home of Ron Evans, another unfailingly polite and
  gracious host. My talk in Adelaide was once again on University
  premises, and drew a good crowd.

  Flying from Adelaide to Melbourne (pronounced MEL-burn), I was at
  last out of reach of the Sydney Air Traffic Controllers. However,
  their counterparts in Melbourne were up to the same tricks, so I
  arrived late once again. My host in that city was Steve Roberts, a
  computer programmer and avid amateur astronomer. We hurried around
  that very cosmopolitan city to two radio studios and two newspaper
  offices, and I rode briefly on the famous trams.

  I gave two different talks in Melbourne. One was on UFOs, hosted by
  the director of the large public planetarium there. My talk had
  been selected as the "best pick of the day" by a major newspaper,
  so it was well-attended. A second talk had been arranged by the
  Victoria Humanists on the subject of my other book, "Resentment
  Against Achievement." Upon departure, I was pleased to find that
  only domestic flights were being gummed up, so (with assistance
  from the International Date Line) I arrived in San Francisco just
  four hours later than my departure from Melbourne!

  Australian skeptics, I found, encounter most of the same irrational
  beliefs we see here: creationism, UFO encounters, crystal energy (I
  learned that the price of "healing" crystals in Sydney had been
  rising sharply), psychic readings, and the like. There are some
  differences, too: here in the U.S. we do not yet properly
  appreciate "aroma therapy" (curing ills by sniffing "natural
  oils"), and the Aussies have not yet read enough wild books from
  the likes of Whitley Strieber and Budd Hopkins to know that UFOs
  are supposed to not merely fly around, but to stop and abduct
  people and undress them.

  However, as books, magazines, movies, and TV programs cross the
  vast Pacific at an ever-increasing pace, their silliness and our
  silliness will no doubt creep ever closer together. What impressed
  me the most was how much the Australian Skeptics, spread out in the
  widely-scattered cities that are like little islands, have been

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  able to accomplish. They have published books, produced T-shirts
  and other merchandise for sale, arranged international lecture
  tours, regularly placed guests on network TV, sponsored an annual
  conference, and established an annual award for journalists: all
  this in a country whose population is far less than that of
  California! The example of the Australian Skeptics is telling us
  that, while Bay Area Skeptics can be proud of what we have done
  thus far, it is possible to do much more.


  DEGREES OF FOLLY: PART X
  by William Bennetta

  Parts I through IX of this article ran in earlier issues of
  "BASIS", starting in February 1989. Here is a summary:
  By law, no unaccredited school in California can issue degrees
  unless the school has been assessed and formally approved by the
  superintendent of public instruction -- the chief of the State
  Department of Education.

  In August l988, the Department's Private Postsecondary Education
  Division (PPED) staged an assessment of the ICR Graduate School
  (ICRGS). The ICRGS is an arm of the Institute for Creation
  Research, a fundamentalist ministry that promotes the religious
  pseudoscience called "creation-science." The founder and president
  of the ICR is Henry Morris, a preacher and former engineer who
  poses as an expert in geology, biology, paleontology and various
  other fields in which he has no detectable credentials.

  The Department's assessment of Morris's school was made by a
  five-man committee that had been chosen by, and was managed by, a
  PPED officer named Roy W. Steeves. The committee's report was
  bogus: It hid the real nature of the ICR, promoted the ICR's
  scientific pretensions, and said that the superintendent of public
  instruction, Bill Honig, should approve the ICR as a source of
  masters' degrees in science and in science education.

  Two of the committee's members then sent separate reports to Honig,
  telling the truth about the ICR. But Roy Steeves, in memoranda to
  the PPED's director, Joseph P. Barankin, endorsed the ICR and urged
  that it should be approved. Honig, in statements given to the press
  in December 1988, refused the approval; but in January 1989 the
  Department drew back from that decision and began to negotiate with
  the ICR. The ICR was represented by Wendell R. Bird, a lawyer from
  Atlanta. On 3 March, Bird and Joseph Barankin agreed that the ICR
  would revise its curriculum, purging "ICRGS's interpretations" from
  courses counting toward degrees. To learn whether the ICR had made
  the revisions, the Department would send a new committee; one
  member would be chosen by the ICR.

  The new committee examined the ICR in August 1989. It was managed
  not by Steeves but by Jeanne Bird, who had joined the PPED in the
  spring of 1989 and had become an assistant director a few months
  later. The committee comprised Christopher J. Wills, a geneticist

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  from the Department of Biology, University of California at San
  Diego; Richard E. Dickerson, chief of the Molecular Biology
  Institute, University of California at Los Angeles; Everett C.
  Olson, a paleontologist from UCLA's Department of Biology; Lawrence
  S. Lerner, a physicist from the Department of Physics-Astronomy,
  California State University at Long Beach; and Leroy E. Eimers,
  from the Department of Science and Mathematics, Cedarville College.
  Eimers was the member who had been chosen by the ICR, in accordance
  with the agreement reached in March. Cedarville College is a Bible
  school in Cedarville, Ohio.

  After the committee's visit, Henry Morris and the other ICR men
  feared that the committee would declare the ICRGS to be defective
  and unworthy of approval, and that Honig would follow the
  committee's judgment. On 31 August, in an effort to win sympathy
  from the press and the public, the ICR men held a "news conference"
  to denounce Honig and to distribute a fiercely misleading account
  of their transactions with his Department.

  The committee has now submitted its report. I shall describe the
  report here, and I shall present excerpts on pages 4 through 7.
   -- W.B., 12 February

  ADMIRABLY DONE

  The report of the committee that examined the ICR in August 1989 is
  dated on 12 January 1990 and has 48 single-spaced pages. It is
  divided into six major sections; the longest (called "Findings")
  spans some 40 pages and has many subsections.

  As a whole, the report is admirably done. As a whole, it is candid,
  precise, readable and rich in examples showing the bases for the
  committee's signal conclusions: The ICR, despite its name, is not
  a scientific-research institution and does not offer proper
  graduate education or training in science.

  In only two significant instances does the report hide or distort
  important facts, depriving the reader of information that is
  necessary to an understanding of the ICR case and of the report
  itself.

  The first instance of obfuscation is the entire section titled
  "Background." It starts on page 1 of the report, has only four
  paragraphs, and is worthless. It mentions an anonymous "visiting
  team" that reviewed the ICR in August 1988, and then it says:

      The visiting team initially had been split 3-2 in favor
      of approval. However, on December 5, 1988, one of the
      visiting team members officially notified the
      [Department] that he wished to change his vote from
      approve to disapprove. . . . [Later,] legal counsel for
      the ICR contacted the [Department] and requested that the
      Superintendent reach an agreement with ICR regarding
      corrective measures that were to be instituted by ICR in

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
      response to the visiting team's report. . . . As a part
      of the negotiations for reaching agreement, the
      Superintendent determined that . . . there would be a
      need to bring together another appropriate group for an
      on-site review.

  But how did that vote-changing come about? Did the member in
  question have any REASON for changing his vote? And why did the
  superintendent need to convene "ANOTHER appropriate group" for a
  new review, instead of sending the original "visiting team" again?
  If the original team's report was the basis for the ICR's
  "corrective measures," would not that team be the best group for
  judging whether proper corrections had been carried out? And just
  who WERE the members of that team anyway? I infer that the writer
  of the "Background" text was guided not by a desire to inform but
  by a need to write some sentences while hiding the mess that had
  been made in 1988 by Roy Steeves, Joseph Barankin and their
  "visiting team."

  The other defective passage is the report's very last paragraph. In
  stilted, legalistic prose, it tells that one member of the
  committee, Leroy Eimers, did not agree with many of the conclusions
  drawn in the report. (I have quoted the whole paragraph in the last
  of the excerpts that accompany this article.) On its face, it is
  extraneous and silly: It fails to suggest that Eimers had any
  evidence to support his position, or that he tried to challenge
  even ONE of the specific, detailed findings that the report sets
  forth.

  Still, a less-than-alert reader may be tempted to take it
  seriously; and an alert reader surely will wonder why so rigorous
  a report ends with such vapid fluff. Both readers, if they are to
  appreciate what they are looking at, need to know that Eimers was
  the ICR's man. The report omits this fact, however, and I see no
  legitimate excuse for the omission.

  NOT EVEN TRYING

  At about the same time when the committee was finishing its report,
  the ICR men mailed the January issue of "Impact", one of the ICR's
  monthly bulletins about creationism. That issue included the ICR's
  "1989 Annual Report," which had only four paragraphs and said
  nothing about any scientific work or any scientific publication by
  any of the ICR's employees.

  The text began: "This past year (except for the attacks on our
  Graduate School) has been by far the best year of the past decade."
  It then told that "amazingly successful Back-to-Genesis
  conferences" had been held in several states, that the ICR men had
  participated in debates and had lectured "to audiences totaling
  about 300,000 people, not including radio and television
  audiences," and that the ICR's weekly radio program, "Science,
  Scripture and Salvation", was being broadcast by "over 350 outlets
  in over 40 states and around the world."

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  Recent publications were listed in the annual report's last
  paragraph:


      Important books published in late 1988 or during 1989
      included "Noah's Ark and the Lost World" (by John D.
      Morris), an enlarged edition of "Science, Scripture, and
      the Young Earth" (by Henry M. Morris and John D. Morris),
      "The Genesis Solution" (by Ken Ham), and finally, "The
      Long War Against God" (by Dr. Henry Morris). Dr. [Steven]
      Austin's "Mount St. Helens" video also was released.

  I have not seen that video. A flyer that the ICR distributed in
  August 1989 said only that Austin's product provided "explosive
  evidence for catastrophism" and a "SPECTACULAR collection of
  pictures." The ICR's current mail-order catalog lists the video but
  provides no description. The catalog also offers an audiotape
  called "Mount St. Helens -- Explosive Evidence for Creation". It is
  part of a series of tapes labeled "Back to Genesis."

  CURIOUS TIMING

  On 17 January the ICR issued a "news release" headlined "ICR Under
  Continued Attack by Bill Honig." It said that the ICR had not yet
  seen the visiting committee's report but had learned of "the
  panel's findings" from the news media. Then it gave another
  misleading account of the ICR case and of the ICR itself, including
  this: "ICR's graduate programs are strictly scientific with courses
  taught by scientists who have doctorate degrees. . . ."

  That false claim, viewed in the light of the committee's report,
  was ludicrous. The report had shown how "scientific" the ICR's
  programs were, and it had demolished the pretension that the ICR's
  teachers were "scientists." Reading the release, I wondered whether
  the ICR men really had not seen the report when the release was
  printed. When had the Department sent a copy of the report to them?

  On 9 February I talked with William Rukeyser, a Department
  spokesman. He told me that Jeanne Bird had sent the report to the
  ICR, evidently by first-class mail, on 12 January.

  [Excerpts from the report follow.]

  ITEMS FROM THE REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE THAT EXAMINED THE ICR IN
  AUGUST 1989

  In all that follows, the use of italic or boldface type reflects
  the use of underscoring or boldface (respectively) in the text of
  the report. I have not added any emphasis during editing, though I
  have made some interpolations that, I think, will clarify certain
  passages. Each of my interpolations is enclosed in square brackets.
   -- W.B.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  [Note for the electronic edition: Italics and boldface have been
  rendered here as capital letters.]

  => [On page 2, under "Background," the report tells the new
  committee's "charge," which has been adapted (with some minor
  typographic alterations) from a passage in the letter that Wendell
  Bird sent to Joseph Barankin on 10 January 1989. Here is the
  "charge":]

  The Institute for Creation Research Graduate School's science
  degree courses that count toward a [sic] M.S. degree will be
  consistent with, and comparable to, similar science courses of
  California-approved graduate schools. Specifically, ICR will have
  a "curriculum consistent in quality with curricula offered by
  appropriate established accredited institutions which are
  recognized by the U.S. Department of Education," and its courses
  will be "consistent in quality with curricula offered by
  appropriate established accredited institutions," and will be
  "comparable to the courses required of graduates of other
  recognized schools accredited by an appropriate accrediting
  commission recognized by the U.S. Department of Education." [All
  the quotation marks had appeared in Wendell Bird's letter.]

  => [On page 3, the report names the accredited schools that the ICR
  (in a revised application for reapproval, submitted in July 1989)
  listed as "comparables" -- that is, as schools that offered
  programs and degrees like the ICR's programs and degrees. For
  "astro/geophysics," the "comparable" was Abilene Christian
  University, in Texas; for biology and for geology, it was Loma
  Linda University, a Seventh-Day Adventist school in Loma Linda,
  California; and for science education, it was Biola University, a
  fundamentalist school in La Mirada, California. The report then
  offers this curious paragraph:]

  ICR later submitted other comparable institution[s] to be
  considered, without specifying degree areas. These included the
  University of California at San Diego, California State University
  at Long Beach (CSULB), San Diego State University, San Jose State
  University, University of Colorado, Colorado State University,
  University of Texas at El Paso, University of Toronto, and
  University of Wisconsin.

  => [On page 9, in the committee's comments about an ICR course
  called Human Anatomy and Comparative Mammalian Anatomy Lab:]

  The text used in this course is "Gray's Anatomy". . . . In the
  syllabus, four out of twelve days of actual lectures were devoted
  to vestigial organs in man, [which are] of only minor anatomical
  importance. One day was devoted to comparative anatomy of muscles,
  and one apparently to a survey of the evolution of the kidney. No
  mention was made in the syllabus of comparative skeletal anatomy.

  The highly descriptive exam that was provided showed a commendable
  degree of rigor, but dealt entirely with human anatomy. Despite the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  title of the course, comparative anatomy was not mentioned in the
  exam; neither were vestigial organs. . . . This course shows a
  remarkable degree of discordance between what is claimed to be
  presented, and what is actually presented.

  => [On page 10, in the committee's remarks about the ICR's course
  Medical Microbiology:]

  The overview in the syllabus says, "Because this is not a lab
  course, cultivation, identification, and disease-prevention
  techniques are not practiced." In contrast, at Abilene Christian
  University, Biology 553, Microbiology, is accompanied by
  Microbiology Laboratory (3 hours per week), and the lecture course
  description carries the warning, "Not credited without the
  laboratory." Hence Abilene Christian University would give no
  credit for the course as taught at the ICR.

  => [On pages 14 and 15, in remarks about the ICR's course
  Theoretical Physics II -- Thermodynamics:]

  A serious question is raised by what appears to be [a term-paper
  topic:]

      In recent years there has been a surge of interest among
      the non-creationists in the combination of
      quantum-mechanical uncertainty and the role of the
      observer, irreversibility, non-equilibrium processes, and
      mathematical chaos as a possible way to overcome the
      difficulty to evolution posed by the Second Law. Has the
      intellectual difficulty been solved? Can ordered
      complexity such as that which is characteristic of the
      biosphere arise spontaneously by chaos?

  This is undeniably a leading question, telegraphing the desired
  "No" answer. In popular lectures, creationists often assure
  audiences that the Second Law of Thermodynamics categorically
  excludes the evolutionary process -- at least at the biological
  level, and perhaps the cosmological and geological levels as well.

  This assertion is based on a misinterpretation of the Second Law
  that is so elementary that few undergraduate physical science
  majors would be misled. If such a conflict actually existed between
  the Second Law and the processes of evolution, the conflict would
  have been noted by the scientific community at large more than a
  century ago, and would have assumed a central place in scientific
  debate.

  When this Second Law issue was raised at the ICR site visit, the
  faculty member most concerned responded that he considered
  interpretation of the Second Law to be a philosophical rather than
  a scientific matter. But this simply is not so. Whatever its
  philosophical overtones, the Second Law is as much a physical law
  as any other, and must be interpreted properly in a physical
  context. To teach otherwise is a breach of scientific integrity. .

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  . . The issue really is one of comparability: Is the curriculum
  aimed at teaching the basic science of physics as it is taught in
  comparable institutions? The answer is "No." What would be only a
  deplorable rhetorical device in popular lectures becomes a serious
  issue of scientific professionalism in the classroom.


  => [On page 19, in remarks about the ICR's "science-education"
  course called Curriculum Design in Science:] In spite of its stated
  objectives, this course does not appear to take into consideration
  current trends in science curriculum design and implementation.
  This may reflect the background of the instructor, an educational
  psychologist who has no specific preparation in science education,
  and who has never taught science.

  => [On pages 21 and 22:] The Institute for Creation Research, by
  its very name, implies that it is the site of original scientific
  research. Yet not one of the resident faculty members can be said
  to have an active, ongoing research program. In fact, those faculty
  who did have research programs prior to arrival at ICR seem to have
  dropped out of research entirely. . . .

  GERALD AARDSMA (Astro/Geophysics) published five peer-reviewed
  scientific papers and one internal report in the period 1979-87,
  all prior to his arrival at ICR in 1988.

  STEVEN AUSTIN (Geology) has only a single peer-reviewed scientific
  paper, published in the American Association of Petroleum
  Geologists Bulletin in 1978, and one book, published [for] ICR. .
  . . He became a full-time resident faculty member of the ICR in
  1979.

  RICHARD BLISS (Science Education) lists six articles in journals or
  newsletters, but none of these are more recent than 1975. He joined
  the ICR in 1976.

  KENNETH CUMMING (Biology) has a respectable list of 18 publications
  in fisheries research, but the most recent is [from] 1977. He came
  to Christian Heritage College in 1979, and to the Institute for
  Creation Research in 1982. [My readers will recall that Christian
  Heritage is a Bible school in El Cajon, and that the ICR had been
  a division of that school until 1980.]

  ROBERT FRANKS (Biology) lists no scientific publications.

  DUANE GISH (Not currently teaching) had a respectable scientific
  publication record in biochemistry prior to 1976, being first
  author on 12 papers and a subsidiary author on an equal number. But
  his active research seems to have come to a halt a decade and a
  half ago. He was first author on a paper for the last time in 1971,
  and subsidiary author for the last time in 1976. He came to the ICR
  in 1971.

  HENRY MORRIS (Not currently teaching) has a considerable

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  publication record in civil and hydraulic engineering, but his last
  peer-reviewed scientific paper appeared in 1971. He founded the
  Institute for Creation Research in 1970.

  JOHN MORRIS (Geology) has had three papers and one patent, the most
  recent paper being in 1983. He joined the ICR in 1984.

  ANDREW PETERSON (Science Education) lists no scientific
  publications.

  LARRY VARDIMAN (Astro/Geophysics) lists seven peer-reviewed
  scientific papers and 2 reports between 1971 and 1983. He came to
  Christian Heritage College in 1982 and to ICR in 1987, and has
  published nothing since then.

  The pattern is clear. Although some of the younger faculty profess
  their intention to maintain research activity, no member of the
  resident faculty of the Institute for Creation Research has
  continued an active and published research program since arrival at
  the ICR. The Institute for Creation Research can therefore not be
  considered to be a scientific research institution.

  => [On pages 28 and 29:] The Biology laboratory contains a small
  amount of equipment of the sort found in a very modestly equipped
  high school. There is no equipment of any sort for carrying out
  experiments in biochemistry or molecular biology. . . .

  The laboratories for geology are directed toward rock analysis and
  serving as an adjunct to field studies. They are somewhat less
  satisfactory than those in comparison schools such as [California
  State University at Long Beach], but in view of the restricted
  coverage of topics in coursework, they serve their purpose fairly
  well. . . . [Despite the use of plurals here, the report tells
  elsewhere that the ICR has only a single, one-room lab for
  geology.]

  Experimental work in the Astro/Geophysics laboratory seems to be
  aimed entirely at radiocarbon dating, a very minute fraction of the
  field of physics. Professor Aardsma currently is involved in the
  building and refinement of a radiocarbon dating apparatus. . . .
  However, the [acquiring and assembling of equipment] is slow and
  irregular, and no firm projection can be made for an
  "up-and-running" date. . . .

  [Aardsma intends] to carry out several projects, one of which is to
  detect significant radiocarbon in an uncontaminated, freshly mined
  sample of coal, thereby demonstrating that the sample is much
  younger than the age assigned by mainstream geologists. This goal
  illustrates the weakness of much of the "research" carried out at
  ICR: the object of the research is to defend a prior viewpoint
  rather than to determine the best interpretation of the
  experimental facts.

  The Science Education laboratory appeared to be the only one of the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  four laboratories that is suited to its function. It is
  well-equipped with displays, demonstrations, small animals, and
  small equipment of a sort suitable for high-school or
  elementary-school teacher training. The site visit team was told
  that classes from the local schools regularly come to the room for
  special lectures on weekends.


  => [On page 30:] [The committee talked with a student in the ICR's
  biology program] about his plans following completion of the M.S.
  The student speculated that he might remain with ICR as their
  librarian for a while, and after that, he would see. When he was
  asked whether he might consider continuing on elsewhere for a
  Ph.D., he commented, "Who would take me, with THIS degree?"

  => [On page 34:] The M.S. theses produced since the ICR graduate
  program commenced in 1981 are the measurable "product" of this
  program, and the best witness to its quality. . . . As far as [the
  committee] could determine, none of the [17 graduates who have
  written theses] is presently engaged in mainstream, peer-reviewed
  scientific research, and fewer than half are involved in scientific
  education or teaching. In the absence of evidence about subsequent
  achievements of ICR graduates, the four M.S. programs must stand or
  fall on the quality of the Masters theses produced.

  => [On page 35:] In general, the quality of the theses was low, as
  compared with M.S. theses from the comparison institutions. They
  tended to be little more than extended term papers, based on
  library research rather than true independent research. While a
  library research M.S. thesis is permitted by the rules of the ICR,
  the issue of quality of that research remains. [Nearly all theses]
  were works of advocacy rather than investigation. They set out, not
  to find out something, but to prove something -- one or another of
  the creationist tenets. . . .

  As far as the [committee] could determine, not one of the seventeen
  M.S. theses has ever been published in a peer-reviewed scientific
  journal, or has led to an article that was published there.
  Examination of the theses shows why this should be so. The
  standards of scholarship, and even of understanding of the subject
  matter, are very low.

  => [On page 36, in the committee's comments on a thesis called "A
  Survey of Heavy Metal Pollution in the Tijuana River . . .":] This
  thesis is a thorough investigation of consequences of pollution of
  various kinds in the Tijuana Valley, and includes an interesting
  approach to sewage treatment. . . . The graduate student worked at
  the Santee Sewage Treatment Facility prior to coming to ICR, and
  continued to work there during and after his M.S. program. The
  experiments seem all to have been carried out at that Facility in
  the course of the student's regular job. The thesis is essentially
  a job-related industrial report in bioengineering, and a good one.
  Its status as representing an original piece of work in biology is
  less clear. With revision, this thesis might be acceptable at

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  comparable institutions.

  => [On page 37, in comments on the thesis "A Critique of Molecular
  Homology":] [The author says] that similarities between molecules
  in different species could be explained by convergence in similar
  environments, rather than by common ancestry. [When] the thesis was
  written, no such examples were known and there were plenty of
  counter-examples. Since then, one possible example of molecular
  convergence has been found, but the two molecules . . . most
  certainly had a common ancestor.

  The author also makes other blunders of scholarship in citing the
  scientific literature. The most egregious is a case in which he
  quotes a prominent English paleontologist, Dr. Colin Patterson, as
  admitting that evidence for common ancestry in evolution has been
  "precisely falsified." A standard literature citation number
  appears in the text of the thesis. But when one turns to the
  bibliography of references, one finds that the citation is not to
  a paper by Patterson, but to a June 1982 issue of "Impact," the
  four-page essay insert that accompanies every issue of the monthly
  ICR newsletter "Acts & Facts".

  The supposed Patterson "confession" has been thoroughly
  discredited, not least by Patterson himself. But it keeps cropping
  up in the creationist literature, and it is discouraging to see the
  writer of this thesis accept it so uncritically. This thesis, with
  its many errors of fact and interpretation, would not be acceptable
  at any university or college of which the committee is aware.

  => [On pages 38 and 39, in comments on the thesis "A Determination
  of the Time of the Flood from the Geologic Ages of River Deltas":]

  The terms "uniformity" and "uniformitarianism" [quotation marks
  added], which have quite different meanings to a geologist, are
  used interchangeably in the rhetoric of this work. On page 7 the
  author argues that the age of a river system can be found by
  dividing the volume of the delta by the annual deposition rate.
  While the author professes to know better than to take the
  deposition rate as a constant, he asserts that, after all,
  uniformitarians surely won't object to setting the annual flow of
  a river equal to a constant. He distorts the meaning of the term
  "uniformitarian" [quotation marks added], apparently for the
  purpose of reaching the conclusion that he desires, and mocking an
  opposing view.

  This is followed on pages 9-10 by a nonsensical interpretation of
  uniformitarian arguments. However, the author still is confronted
  by the need to represent the volume of the Mississippi Delta (the
  delta on which he concentrates most attention) as far smaller than
  it is known to be. To this end, he denies the validity of the
  principle of isostasy, so as to be able to neglect the depression
  of the crust under the weight of deltaic deposition. He dismisses
  the principle of isostasy as a mere "model or suggestion," in spite
  of the fact that it is a simple application of Archimedes'

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  Principle, and has been amply documented all over the world. Having
  done all this violence and more to scientific principles, he then
  obtains an age of exactly 4563 years for the Mississippi River. .
  . . This thesis is the antithesis of true scientific investigation.

  => [On page 41, the committee tells of a thesis called "A Classical
  Field Theory for the Propagation of Light", which originated from
  the antipathy shown by Thomas G. Barnes -- a "creation-scientist"
  who is no longer at the ICR -- toward 20th-century physics. As for
  its content:]

  While there are some references in the thesis to standard
  scientific literature, the key references are to such
  "mystifications" of science as that by (nonscientist) Gary Zukav
  ("The Dancing Wu Li Masters"), and to unpublished works by other
  students of the same thesis supervisor. These latter works are
  cited as proving things which, if true, would have excited
  widespread interest [within] the physics community. . . .

  [The student] demonstrates gross ignorance of special relativity,
  a theory that he proposes to invalidate or supersede. He treats the
  famous "twin paradox" (p. 7) as though it were a real, unresolvable
  paradox rather than an exercise for lower-division undergraduate
  physics students. . . . Having thus demonstrated his inability to
  do so, he then invents an ether for the propagation of light, and
  carries out some impressive looking but totally worthless
  calculations. The thesis is without scientific value.

  => [On page 42, the committee looks at "Theories of Origins: Do
  They Persist Despite Contrary Evidence?", which the ICR had
  accepted as thesis in "science education":]

  A thoroughly discredited limitation on the age of the Earth is
  cited, based on the heat liberated through the decay of the Earth's
  magnetic field. The Second Law of Thermodynamics is misquoted and
  misused (p. 105). On the subsequent page is the nonsensical
  comment, ". . . it is inappropriate to classify [the phenomenon of
  crystallization] as increasing order and thus being contrary to the
  Second Law." This is followed by [more nonsense] concerning a
  "lowest energy state."

  Of course, crystallization does increase the order of the system
  that consists of the molecules taking part in the crystallization,
  and decreases the entropy of [that] system at the expense of the
  entropy of the surroundings. Thus crystallization does not violate
  the Second Law. The comments on the energy of the system betray a
  misunderstanding of the roles of energy and entropy in
  thermodynamic processes.

  => [On page 43, the committee dispatches another thesis in "science
  education" -- one that deals with the creationists' "two-model"
  doctrine and has a subliterate, 25-word title. The document is
  invalidated, the committee observes, by a fundamental error in
  applying a common statistical manipulation called the Student

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  T-test:]

  [T]he T-test is applicable only to two statistically independent
  sets of data. The author applies it to two sets of results
  involving use of the same items in jumbled order. Clearly the
  T-test is inapplicable in this setting and the conclusions of the
  thesis are invalid. The "analysis" at the end of the thesis is not
  an analysis but an assertion. It sets forth the common creationist
  view that creation and evolution both have opponents, and concludes
  that one is as good as the other, so both should therefore be
  taught in the schools.

  => [On page 46:] It was noted earlier that the Institute for
  Creation Research is not, in fact, an institution for scientific
  research. Based upon the foregoing, it now must be acknowledged
  that, by the standards of comparable institutions, the ICR also is
  not an institution for proper graduate scientific education and
  training.

  => [The final section of the report, "Conclusions and
  Recommendation," begins on page 46 and has four paragraphs. Here
  they are, in full:]

  The [committee] focused specifically on an assessment of ICR's
  science degree courses and curricula in order to determine whether
  the State Department of Education can assure students that the four
  M.S. degrees offered by ICR do not deviate substantially from
  similar science degrees offered at comparable accredited
  institutions.

  The conclusion of the [committee], based on the findings specified
  in this report, is that students of the ICR cannot be provided with
  that assurance. Specifically, the ICR curriculum is not "consistent
  in quality with curricula offered by appropriate established
  accredited institutions," and its courses are not "comparable to
  the courses required of graduates of other recognized accredited
  schools." The issue is one of quality control, and of maintaining
  uniform and recognized standards for the M.S. degree in science and
  science education throughout the state and nation. The ICR programs
  do not meet these standards. The recommendation to the
  Superintendent is therefore to deny reapproval.

  It should be noted in closing that the [committee] did not feel it
  necessary to address any issues of scientific integrity (not
  "academic freedom" as ICR has argued) that might be posed by the
  creationist orientation of the ICR; it became clear that the
  [committee] would be fully occupied with issues of academic
  quality. The questions raised by creationism, however, are far from
  trivial. They involve the issue of scientific integrity because of
  the fact that the unamendable bylaws of the ICR require each
  faculty member annually to reaffirm his adherence to a particular
  set of beliefs (the tenets of "scientific creationism") as a
  condition for continued employment.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  Inasmuch as these beliefs or tenets directly overlap the areas of
  presumed free scientific investigation [by] the faculty, the issues
  of scientific integrity and unfettered intellectual enquiry would
  have arisen of necessity, had the low quality of the graduate
  programs not made those superfluous. To be specific, unless these
  questions of scientific integrity are adequately addressed, no
  remediation of the problems addressed in this report will render
  this program acceptable under [California's education code].

  Although all members of the committee were in agreement that there
  were problems and deficiencies in the ICR programs, one member, Dr.
  Eimers, did not agree with the estimation of the severity of those
  problems as they are communicated in this report, nor did he concur
  with many of the conclusions drawn. Also, he felt that
  consideration should be given to the positive attitude of the ICR
  in seeking to implement the suggestions of the previous committee,
  including the "minority reports."

  It was the conclusion of this member that at least [the ICR's
  programs in geology, in science education, and in
  "astro/geophysics," with the last renamed and called simply
  "physics"] were of sufficient quality to meet the minimum standards
  of comparability and that the problems discovered were not severe
  enough to constitute sufficient grounds for denial of reapproval by
  the Superintendent.

  The report's last page shows the signatures of the members of the
  committee. In each case, a signature block tells the university or
  college, and the department, with which the member is affiliated.
  This is strikingly different from the signature page of the bogus
  report that was produced in 1988. That earlier report gave no hint
  of who its signatories were, or where they might be found.


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Kent Harker, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  Kate Talbot, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


  CANCER AND THE POWER OF POSITIVE THINKING

  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., clinical professor of medicine at
  Stanford University, a founder of Bay Area Skeptics and a long-time
  student of the fads and fancies of American health care notions,
  will explore the latest popular ideas about preventing and curing
  cancer. These notions will be compared with research done by -
  scientists: they are very different, Dr. Sampson assures us. While
  researchers study "psychoneuroimmunology", oat brand is advertised
  on the tube.

  Though Mary Baker Eddy, the founder of Christian Science, was not
  the first to posit non-medical healing methods, she had a profound
  affect on modern ideas of "mind healing." This American notion
  survives despite scientific research showing that the brain is
  merely another organ that works with the rest of the body.
  Confidence schemers have long exploited this American belief to
  bring false hope to the ailing. Dr. Sampson, by showing how this
  quasi-medical belief system operates in our society, will add to
  the significant contributions he has made over the years in health
  care education.

  Bring your questions.

                         -----


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  The above are selected articles from the March, 1990 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1990 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
