{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T15:26:55Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 67829, "source_ctime_ns": 1788546992138843579, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-04.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788546992136572938, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-04.pdf", "source_sha256": "eb8dcc7127390b1f69574f402caa57f623f5ac8dfadd8d6054ba6adf2051b133"}

-------------------------------------------------------
  April 1989 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 8, No. 4
              Editor: Kent Harker


  HIGH DELUSION
  by John Lattanzio

  [BAS director Dr. John Lattanzio is an astrophysicist at Lawrence
  Livermore. As an active research scientist, his business includes
  following events in the whole of the scientific community.]

  The affair is now officially over. At least, that is the position
  of John Maddox, editor of "Nature". "Not so", says Jacques
  Benveniste. Or, to be more precise: "...Facts are stubborn, and so
  are we.... There is more to come."

  So what is this all about? It resulted from an article by Professor
  Benveniste (of Inserm 200 at the University of South Paris) and
  colleagues in "Nature" (30 June 1988, p. 816). Briefly, they
  describe an experiment that claims to show that human white blood
  cells respond to a solution of antibodies, even when the solution
  no longer contains a single molecule of the antibody. Further, they
  alleged that the biological activity fluctuates periodically with
  increasing dilution.

  "Nature" published an editorial titled "When to Believe the
  Unbelievable" in the same issue as the Benveniste paper. The
  editorial argued that SOMETHING must almost certainly be wrong with
  the Benveniste experiment, although one could not determine the
  problem from his article. ("Nature" published a similar disclaimer
  with Targ and Puthoff's paper on Uri Geller, something never
  mentioned by Uri ["Nature", 18 Oct. 1974, p. 559]).

  The Benveniste experiment does sound something like experimental
  verification of homeopathy, the belief that a symptom can be cured
  by giving vanishingly small concentrations of substances known to
  produce the same symptoms when taken in higher doses. The claim
  that therapeutic effects occur at concentrations so low that there
  remains no active ingredient has been the main argument against
  homeopathy. Experimental verification would indeed be a major
  discovery -- in fact, it would mean a major change in thinking
  about how the universe works. Of course, "Nature" knew this, so
  what were they to do when the paper was submitted for publication?

  Well, before even considering acceptance of the paper, "Nature"
  insisted that other laboratories replicate the experiment, so
  Benveniste arranged for researchers in Israel, Italy, and Canada
  to do so. With reported safeguards, they obtained essentially the


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  same results. In spite of the apparent replication, "Nature"
  decided to send "independent investigators to observe repetitions
  of the experiments". This is when the controversy really began.

  The investigating team consisted of three people: editor John
  Maddox, a physicist; Walter Stewart, an organic chemist and
  investigator of scientific fraud; and magician James Randi,
  familiar to "BASIS" readers. Their report appeared in the 28 July
  issue of "Nature". Their conclusion was that the experiments were
  statistically ill-controlled, included observer bias and systematic
  error, and were not always reproducible.

  Indeed, measurements in conflict with the claim had not been
  reported in Benveniste's paper, although they were recorded in
  laboratory notebooks. Further, the "Nature" team was "dismayed to
  learn that the salaries of two of Dr. Benveniste's co-authors of
  the published article were paid under a contract between Inserm 200
  and the French company Boiron et Cie., a supplier of
  pharmaceuticals and homeopathic medicines, as were our [the
  investigators'] hotel bills."

  The investigating team supervised a double-blind experiment aimed
  at removing notable biases. Test tubes containing various dilutions
  were coded, and "the code itself was folded in aluminum foil,
  enclosed in an envelope sealed by Randi, and then taped to the
  laboratory ceiling for the duration of the experiment." Obviously,
  the conclusions quoted above were based on the negative result of
  the test, but Dr. Benveniste was granted a reply ("Nature", 28
  July, p. 291), and it makes interesting reading.

  "...A tornado of intense and constant suspicion, fear, and
  psychological and intellectual pressure unfit for scientific work
  swept our lab. Furthermore, these lesson-givers were astonishingly
  incompetent." His article drips with invective: "Then Stewart,
  with his typical know-it-all attitude...," and "The next day the
  hysteria was such that Maddox and I had to ask Stewart not to
  scream."

  It certainly sounds entertaining: "Stewart imposed a deadly silence
  in the counting room, yet loud laughter was heard where he was
  filling chambers. There, during this critical process, was Randi
  playing tricks, distracting the technician in charge of its
  supervision!" When he calms down, Benveniste makes the point: "It
  will now be clear what a mockery of scientific inquiry this was."
  But his calmness does not last. His final paragraph says: "This
  kind of inquiry must immediately be stopped. Salem witch hunts or
  McCarthy-like prosecutions will kill science. Science flourishes
  only in freedom. We must not let, at any price, fear, blackmail,
  anonymous accusation, libel, and deceit nest in our labs. Our
  colleagues area overwhelmingly utmost decent people, not criminals.
  To them, I say: never, but never, let anything like this happen -
  - never let these people get in your lab."

  So what are we to make of all this? There are two points: 1. the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  effect on science, 2. the perception of the public.

  From the scientific viewpoint, there were flaws in the experiment
  (despite its replication at other institutes). But rather than just
  show one double-blind test that fails, a more satisfactory
  (although possibly impractical) approach is to explain the
  observations quoted by Benveniste and collaborators. A broader
  question, however, and one raised in many letters to Nature as well
  as the editorial of 4 August, is whether the journal should have
  published the paper in the first place.

  I believe that "Nature" did the correct thing by publishing the
  article. A scientific journal exists to publicize and distribute
  ideas and research, subject to reasonable standards. If every care
  was taken, as was claimed in the paper, to remove various biases,
  then the paper was publishable. The journal cannot be expected to
  find all caveats for each paper that it publishes.

  I know others who argue that, given the extraordinary claims of
  the paper, some extraordinary evidence would need to be presented.
  Well, the claims were "verified" by independent laboratories. It
  now appears that they too were in error, but the journal's editor
  (and the appointed referees) can only be expected to check for
  gross errors. It is up to others to reproduce (or otherwise) the
  research once the journal has made it known to the community.

  The ongoing process of science determines the lasting veracity and
  value of a publication. "Nature" took all reasonable steps, and
  then published. Although debate continues concerning whether the
  paper should have been published, there seems to be agreement that
  it was inappropriate to send an investigating team, or
  "ghostbusters", as the English magazine "New Scientist" called
  them.

  Maddox defends this action ("Nature", 27 October 1988, p. 760), but
  fails to convince. He states that "Journals do not normally
  undertake investigations of contributors' laboratories, and for
  good reason: they have neither the resources nor the skill." To
  which I would add that neither have they the right, nor is it their
  responsibility. His summary makes interesting reading, and is
  highly recommended.

  Likewise is a perceptive letter ("Nature", 8 Sept.) from G.A.
  Petsko, a chemist from MIT, who warns that in today's scientific
  community, there is so much competition that publishing a "wrong
  interpretation of data, EVEN IF THE DATA ARE ACCURATE AND ADMIT OF
  MORE THAN ONE INTERPRETATION" can be extremely harmful to one's
  reputation. Science is so competitive that honest mistakes can end
  a career. Petsko argues that fraud is more likely to occur in a
  climate where mistakes are treated too harshly. He argues for
  "decriminalization of error", and rightly stresses that "detection
  of error, and its correction" is the real goal.

  Which brings us to the final point. What are we to make of this

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  fiasco? They see Randi, the editor of "Nature", and a specialist
  in scientific misconduct off to investigate a laboratory. The clear
  implication is that fraud is involved. A grossly unfair, albeit
  unstated, allegation. The whole idea of an investigating team is
  offensive to me, and I believe Randi would have been wise not to
  have taken part.

  In any event, the public has a very poor understanding of how
  science corrects itself. The "Nature" fiasco is unique, but who
  will remember that? Perhaps the last word should go to P.J.
  Lipowicz, who, in a letter to "Nature" (8 Sept.) states: "I submit
  that it would be easier to prove an incredible result like
  Benveniste's to scientists than it would be to disprove it to
  homeopaths."


  DEGREES OF FOLLY: PART III
  by William Bennetta

  [Parts I and II of this article ran in our February and March
  issues, respectively. Here is a summary:]

  By law, no unaccredited post-secondary school in California can
  issue degrees unless the school has been approved by the
  superintendent of public instruction (the chief of the State
  Department of Education). In 1981, when Wilson Riles was
  superintendent, the Department approved the granting of MS degrees
  in biology, geology, "astro/geophysics", and science education by
  the ICR Graduate School (ICRGS), an arm of the Institute for
  Creation Research. The ICR is not a scientific institution, but a
  religious ministry promoting "creation-science", a pseudoscience
  based on literal readings of the Bible. The president of the ICR
  and the ICRGS is Henry Morris, a preacher and former engineer.

  In 1987, after the superintendency of the Department had passed to
  Bill Honig, the ICR applied for renewed approval. By then,
  "creation-science" and the men who purveyed it had been repeatedly
  discredited. Nobody could have inquired into "creation-science" or
  the ICR without finding that both were fakes.

  In August 1988, the Department sent a committee of five to assess
  the ICR's degree programs. The five were: Robert L. Kopach,
  professor of geophysics at Stanford; Stuart H. Hurlbert, professor
  of Biology at San Diego State; G. Edwin Miller, vice-president for
  administration at United States International University; James A.
  Woodhead, professor of geology at Occidental College; and George
  F. Howe, professor of biology at The Master's College, a religious
  school. (Howe -- who had been nominated for a place on the
  committee by Henry Morris -- would emerge as the ICR's advocate.)
  The committee was managed by the man who had assembled it: Roy W.
  Steeves, of the Department's Private Postsecondary Education
  Division (PPED).


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  The committee's report was farcical. It omitted or obscured
  anything about the real nature or aims of the ICR and the ICRGS,
  and it promoted the fiction that the ICR did scientific work; then
  it recommended "by a vote of 3 to 2 that full institutional
  approval be granted." Its last page bore the signatures of the
  committee members, who were denoted by name only. There was nothing
  to suggest their professions, affiliations, titles, or
  qualifications.

  Later in August, the truth got out. The two men who had voted
  against approval -- Woodhead and Hurlbert -- furnished Honig with
  separate accounts of what they had seen. Hurlbert wrote that he had
  had little influence on the committee's report and was not an
  author of it. Then he exposed the ICR's operations and
  misrepresentations in detail, providing many examples and
  quotations.

  On 10 November, Honig met in Sacramento with Woodhead, Hurlbert,
  and Howe. (Kovach and Miller had been invited, but could not
  attend.) Howe brought a disingenuous document, written mostly by
  Henry Morris, that purported to rebut Hurlbert's account. The
  meeting was inconclusive. Honig, who evidently did not want to take
  part in a sham or scam, judged that he might resolve the case by
  turning to Kovach. Kovach already had seen Hurlbert's dissent; and
  in late November, the department sent him other information that
  had not been considered during the committee's doings in August.

  PART III

  George Howe and Henry Morris have been working together for many
  years. In the 1970s, for example, each was an officer and a
  director of the Creation Research Society -- a fundamentalist group
  whose members must subscribe to a creed that begins with: "1. The
  Bible is the written Word of God, and because we believe it to be
  inspired throughout, all of its assertions are historically and
  scientifically true in all of the original autographs. To the
  student of nature, this means that the account of origins in
  Genesis is a factual presentation of simple historical truths."(1)

  Morris was the Society's president early in the decade, and Howe
  was the editor of its quarterly. In 1977, Howe became its
  president.

  Since 1982, Howe and Morris have been linked in a fundamentalist
  "legal defense" organization that, according to its president,
  seeks to "blow evolution out of the public schools." (I shall tell
  more about this next month.)

  So when Roy Steeves, in the summer of 1988, named Howe to the
  committee that would examine the ICR, he furnished Howe with a
  chance to do a big favor for an old pal. And Howe evidently made
  the most of it, according to accounts that Hurlbert and Woodhead
  gave to me during telephone interviews. Hurlbert said that Howe had
  succeeded in turning the entire assessment into nonsense by

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  frustrating any consideration of the obvious and crucial question:
  Was the ICR teaching anything that could be called science?

  Woodhead told me: "With our committee constituted as it was, there
  was no possibility that we could have written a decent report.
  There was one person there, Howe, who would not have voted against
  those people [the operators of the ICRGS] even if their whole thing
  was a sham -- which is how, I think, it turned out."

  Just how WAS the committee constituted? It evidently was
  constituted in defiance of the education code and the PPED's own
  "Guidelines for the Approval of Degree Granting Institutions
  Pursuant to California Education Code Section 94310.2", a document
  issued in May 1987. The code clearly called for an assessment of
  "each degree program offered by the institution", and page 26 of
  "Guidelines" said: "Visiting Committees for first-time applicants
  will consist of a minimum of five technically qualified educators
  for each program offered. Reapproval Visiting Committees will
  consist of three and may, if designees prescribe, consist of five
  or more technically qualified educators for each program
  offered.(2,3)

  But Steeves, for assessing the ICRGS's program in biology, enlisted
  not three "technically qualified educators" but two: Hurlbert and
  Howe. For geology, he had only one: Woodhead. For
  "astro/geophysics", he had only the geophysicist Kovach. And for
  science education, he had nobody.

  On 15 February 1989, in a letter, I asked Steeves some questions
  about the composition of the committee. One question dealt with the
  absence of a science-education expert. In his reply, sent on the
  17th, Steeves asserted that the committee HAD had such an expert:
  George Howe.

  "It is true", he wrote, "that Dr. Howe received his training in the
  field of biology, but he is the Chairperson of the Division of
  Natural Sciences at The Master's College. I have enclosed the
  appropriate pages of the catalog for your perusal. His professional
  assignment ideally prepared him for the review of the Science
  Education program at ICR."

  This was just a wild bluff, for the catalog pages lent no support
  to Steeves's assertion. Howe's division at The Master's College(4)
  did not offer any program in education, did not offer even one
  course in the theory or practice of education, and had nothing
  corresponding to any of the education courses claimed by the
  ICRGS.(5) (Howe taught in the division's four-man Department of
  Biological Sciences, Physical Sciences, and Mathematics, which
  "seeks to promote a broad understanding of scientific facts and
  principles and exposes the unwarranted interpretations of
  scientific evidence that have damaged the cause of Christ.")

  So: For assessing the ICRGS's program in science education, Roy
  Steeves's committee had had nobody at all. That program had

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  received a free ride.

  In my letter of 15 February, I also asked Steeves about the absence
  of an astrophysicist. His answer was: "We did have a professor of
  geophysics [i.e. Kovach] who advised us that in the field there is
  no real distinction between the study of astrophysics and
  geophysics. As a matter of fact, Dr. Kovach also has received
  training in astrophysics."

  How the committee operated cannot be reconstructed fully, for its
  members have some conflicting recollections. All, however, seem to
  agree on these points:

  => THE PPED DID NOT FURNISH THE COMMITTEE MEMBERS WITH ANY
  SIGNIFICANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE ICR, OTHER THAN THE ICRGS'S
  APPLICATION FOR APPROVAL, UNTIL THE COMMITTEE MET AT THE ICR ON 3
  AUGUST. Steeves admits this, and defends it as standard practice.
  "To depart would have possibly raised due-process questions", he
  says. (This presumably is why the PPED denied Hurlbert's request
  for copies of the ICR men's curricula vitae.) Steves says that all
  the committee members knew that the ICR was clouded in controversy.
  Kovach disagrees. He did not know what he was getting into, he
  says, and he later "was surprised that it turned out to be so
  emotional and controversial".

  => THE COMMITTEE'S CHAIRMAN WAS KOVACH. This was not told in the
  committee's report, Kovach says, because there was an explicit
  agreement that the chairman would not be identified.

  => STEEVES INSISTED THAT THE COMMITTEE'S REPORT HAD TO BE SHORT AND
  HAD TO AVOID DETAIL. Steeves confirms this. If he had allowed
  elaboration, he says, we would have had a much longer report but
  no conclusion. As an administrative task, we had to get closure.
  We were trying to accomplish a purpose -- making a recommendation."

  => THE REPORT WAS DRAFTED BY KOVACH FROM PIECES THAT THE MEMBERS,
  WORKING SEPARATELY, HAD WRITTEN. THERE WAS NO SIGNIFICANT REWRITING
  BEFORE THE REPORT WAS PRESENTED FOR THE MEMBERS' SIGNATURES.

  => STEEVES EMPHATICALLY PRECLUDED ANY PROTRACTED DELIBERATION, AND
  INSISTED THAT THE REPORT HAD TO BE TYPED AND SIGNED BY THE EVENING
  OF 5 AUGUST. Woodhead says: "Steeves was in charge, and he vetoed
  the idea of taking [Kovach's draft] home for pondering." Kovach
  says: "Steeves set the theme. It had to be done then and there, not
  later. What he said amounted to 'You are not getting out of this
  motel room until we get this report finished and signed.'"

  All of this, if infer, represents the PPED's standard practice as
  well as the PPED's version of due process.

  I infer, too, that the PPED's regular practice includes a patently
  meaningless vote like the one in which the examination of the ICR
  culminated. There is no evidence that the committee made a
  discrete, identifiable assessment of each of the ICR's degree

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  programs; but if such work was done, it was then negated. In the
  end, the committee voted on only one question: Should the ICRGS as
  a whole -- including its financial and administrative structure,
  as well as its four degree programs -- be approved?

  In effect, then, everyone voted on everything. Kovach, a
  geophysicist, voted on the biology program; Hurlbert, a biologist,
  voted on financial practices; Miller, an expert in finance and
  administration, voted on all four degree programs, even though he
  apparently did not claim expertise in any of the related
  disciplines; and so forth. Why had Steeves bothered to recruit any
  experts at all?

  My inquiry into the ICR case has convinced me that the PPED acted
  with foolish insouciance and with only one objective: to create a
  nominal report by filling some sheets of paper with words. I do not
  think that the PPED took the examination seriously or cared about
  getting a valid result, even if (as things turned out) some
  individuals in the committee DID care. I see no sign that the PPED
  had any qualm about producing a farcical document, even if this
  would create a fierce dilemma for Bill Honig.

  A question remains: Given that the report was incompetent, false,
  and misleading, why did the members of the committee sign it?

  Woodhead says that he signed because he had promised to take part
  in a job and had been led to understand that the job included
  finishing and signing a report by the evening of 5 August. "What
  my signature means", he explains, "is that I was there".

  Hurlbert says: "I signed as a statement that I was present and had
  participated. I did not think that it was a valid report. There
  were too many omissions and too much wrong information."

  Kovach says that he signed because "It was a competently prepared
  report for the committee in the time that we had to prepare it."
  Miller thought that "it was a reasonably representative view of
  what we saw during our two- or three-day stay there." Howe "felt
  it was a very good report and said what we wanted to say."

  I do not know how much of this history was known to Bill Honig in
  November, when he started to clean up the mess that the PPED had
  made. But I suspect that, after his meeting on 10 November with
  Woodhead, Hurlbert, and Howe, he understood that the committee's
  proceedings had included much sham and that at least two signatures
  on the committee's report did not mean what readers would surely
  imagine them to mean.

  Early in December, after the Department had sent additional
  information about the ICR case to Robert Kovach, and after Kovach
  had examined that information, Honig called him. Kovach later gave
  me this account of the conversation:

  "[Honig] did not ask me to change my vote. He asked, 'Given this

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  [new information], what would you do?' My answer was 'I would
  concur with what the new material said.' So, in effect, I changed
  my vote. IF WE [THE COMMITTEE] HAD HAD ALL THAT INFORMATION
  AVAILABLE TO US IN A TIMELY MANNER, I WOULDN'T HAVE VOTED FOR
  APPROVAL TO BEGIN WITH."(6)

  On 8 December, in a story by Sandra Blakeslee, the "New York Times"
  told that Honig had barred the ICR from granting science degrees.
  Honig was quoted thus: "No one is stopping the [ICR] from granting
  degrees in religion or creation. But they are holding their people
  out to have science degrees, which they don't. The vast bulk of
  what they learn is not science."

  Blakeslee recounted that a committee had visited ICR and had voted
  3-to-2 for approval, and that Honig had asked the committee to
  reconsider. She quoted Honig again: "They had grave reservations
  about the science, but did not want their recommendation to put the
  school out of business. We then made the institute an offer. We
  will recommend approval and all you need to do is come up with a
  new name. Just don't call it science."

  The ICR had refused, Blakeslee wrote; and Kovach, after discussion
  with Honig, had switched his vote.

  On the same day when Blakeslee's story appeared, the director of
  the PPED, Joseph Barankin, sent a letter to Henry Morris. It said
  that the PPED had decided to deny approval and that the case would
  be reviewed on 10 January by the Council on Private Postsecondary
  Educational Institutions. (This is a state agency, separate from
  the Department of Education. It had no authority over approvals,
  but it can hear appeals and advise the superintendent.)

  Early in January, however, things changed abruptly. Honig's
  Department drew back from the decision to deny approval, and the
  PPED began to negotiate with the ICR. On 6 January, functionaries
  of the Department -- in conversations with me and with others who
  had heard rumors of a deal -- said that the Department and the ICR
  had completed an agreement, and that the ICR case was no longer on
  the council's agenda. They would not tell the agreement's
  substance.

  On 10 January, Barankin told me that an agreement was being
  wrought, and he listed some terms that he expected it to have, but
  he denied that it actually had been completed and signed.

  What was going on? I shall try to answer that question next month.

  End of Part III

  NOTES:
  (1) Later parts of the creed endorse the doctrine of organic
  "kinds", the worldwide extent and effect of Noah's Flood, and the
  special creation of a man named Adam and a woman named Eve. I have
  not yet seen the Society's report of the research by which those

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  names were discovered.

  (2) "Designees" evidently means the director and other
  functionaries of the PPED, who act for the superintendent of public
  instruction.

  (3) During inquiries to the PPED, I have found no suggestion that
  the May 1987 rules have been changed or superseded. As far as I
  know, they were in force during the examination of the ICR and are
  in force now. For a copy of "Guidelines", write to Joseph P.
  Barankin, Director, Private Postsecondary Education Division, State
  Department of Education, P.O. Box 944272, Sacramento, CA 94244.

  (4) Until 1985, the school's name had been Los Angeles Baptist
  College.

  (5) According to the ICRGS's dummy catalog, the core of the ICRGS's
  science-education program included courses called Curriculum Design
  in Science, Curriculum Implementation in Science, and Instructional
  Design and Production.

  (6) Emphasis added.

  [Editor's note: This is the last of our long installments about the
  ICR case, but we will continue to report on it. Next month,
  Bennetta will tell about the Department's putative plan to send a
  new committee to make a new assessment of the ICR.]


  SIDEBAR: THE GURU SAYS NO

  Are the "creation-scientists at the Institute for Creation Research
  really doing creation research? According to Henry Morris, the
  ICR's president and guru, the answer is a flat NO. Morris has
  pronounced that no such research is possible.

  Look, for example, at his book THE TWILIGHT OF EVOLUTION (1963;
  twenty-fourth printing in 1986; available today by mail from the
  ICR's publishing arm, Master Books). On his page 56, Morris says:
  "[S]ince nothing in the world has been created since the end of the
  creation period, everything must THEN have been created by means
  of processes that are no longer in operation and that we therefore
  cannot study by any of the means or methods of science. We are
  limited exclusively to divine revelation as to the date of
  creation, the duration of creation, and method of creation, and
  every other question concerning the creation."

  So much for "creation-science" and creation research. -- W.B.


  SIDEBAR: THE OLD MILL STREAM


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  On 26 January, United Press International distributed a report
  about Joseph Barankin, the director of the PPED. Written by Teresa
  Simons, of UPI's Sacramento bureau, it told that Barankin was
  conducting a "romantic relationship" with Catherine Sizemore, the
  chief lobbyist for the trade association that represents many
  schools that the PPED regulates.

  Articles based on the UPI dispatch ran in the "San Diego Union" on
  29 January and in the "San Francisco Examiner" on 12 February.
  (The "Examiner" had printed on 5 February a general story, also
  based on Simons's reporting, about dubious schools and their
  doings. It included a luminous quotation in which Catherine
  Sizemore equated classroom instruction with suffering.)

  From the UPI report, I learned of the book "Diploma Mills: Degrees
  of Fraud", by David W. Stewart and Henry A. Spille. I now have read
  it, and I recommend it to anyone who is interested in the ICR case
  and who wants to understand the regulatory environment that makes
  such a spectacle possible. Indeed, I recommend it to anyone who is
  interested in the integrity of education.

  The authors say that California is the nation's main haven for
  diploma mills, and -- in their chapter called "California: A Very
  Special Case" -- they tell some reasons for this.

  To order a copy of "Diploma Mills", send $20 to the Mail-Order
  Dep't, Macmillan Publishing Co., Front and Brown Streets,
  Riverside, New Jersey 08075. The price includes the shipping cost.
  -- W.B.


  A NOTE ON SCIENTISM
  by Yves Barbero

  Skeptics, especially those organized into groups such as BAS, are
  often accused of "scientism". When the term is used, it is usually
  misused to mean that we make a religion of science.

  My "Random House Dictionary" defines "scientism" as 1. Often
  disparaging; the style, assumptions, techniques, practices, etc.,
  typifying or regarded as typifying scientists. 2. the belief that
  the assumptions, methods of research, etc., of the physical
  sciences are equally appropriate and essential to all other
  disciplines, including the humanities and the social sciences. 3.
  Scientific or pseudoscientific language. [scient(ist) + ism]

  The curious thing is that there area people who dislike us because
  if this alleged "religious" practice, and others who, on
  discovering that we're not structured to unquestioningly obey
  whatever their notion of science is, walk away in disappointment.

  In recent weeks, an astrologer accused CSICOP of worshiping science
  in the body of a letter ("Noe Valley Voice", Dec. 1988) written in

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  answer to one I wrote criticizing the community newspaper for
  unquestioningly accepting the astrologer's statements.

  In another case, a caller to the BAS electronic bulletin board was
  angry that we had left a bulletin on the opening screen of the
  Catholic Information Network BBS promoting B. Premanand's recent
  talk in San Francisco about the state of skepticism in India. The
  caller didn't think we should traffic with "miracle mongers". It
  struck me that he thought we were somehow anointed and that we were
  soiling our purity by talking to a religious group.

  Much of the problem has to do with our culture, which has many
  carryovers from a time when it was acceptable to lay down a
  foundation of a premise, ideology, or religious dogma before even
  attacking a problem. To the novice, sound, scientific methodology
  is sometimes mistaken for absolute and rigid rules when it should
  simply mean insuring that personal prejudice doesn't interfere with
  research (this can require some pretty involved and precise
  procedures and still not need a foundation of blindly accepted
  premises.

  It is perfectly true that skeptics "borrow" from scientific
  methodology, and it is unfortunately true that without proper
  scientific training, it's easy to fall into the trap of making
  skepticism an ideology or a set of dogmas closely resembling
  religion. Add to that the passion that often shows itself when a
  group is expressing a minority viewpoint, and a potent brew can
  develop.

  Indeed, there are fanatics expressing, as dogma, what mainline
  skeptics only hold as tentative conclusions. Few of us, for
  example, think astrology or telepathy will ever be proven
  scientifically. But we have to recognize that our prejudice against
  these notions cannot stand in the way of our analysis of such
  claims. We are therefore careful in the way we design experiments.

  Undoubtedly, more than a few people get involved with us because
  they want to have like-minded people to talk to (I certainly came
  in that way), and few of these people have formal scientific
  training (I didn't). They soon discover that Bay Area Skeptics is
  not a club as such (although friendships are made), and there is
  a low tolerance of any dogmatic proclamations (even those that
  "agree" with skepticism). It calls for a lot of self-education and
  self-discipline. This is too much for some, and they go on to
  other, more club-like organizations that comfort more than they
  educate.

  The real goal is to understand the nature of things, to clear away
  the clutter of culturally imposed assumptions about the world, and
  to appreciate the raw beauty of nature. Mixed with an appreciation
  of the arts and history, this approach beats the hell out of any
  dogma, scientism included.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  SCIENTIFIC THEORY FOR ASTROLOGY

  In early January, Ms. Joan Quigley, astrologer to the Reagans, was
  the guest on KCBS radio in San Francisco. It was a call-in format
  where Ms. Quigley fed the sheep as they breathlessly waited to hear
  her augury.

  Not all were waiting breathlessly.

  I had heard earlier in the week she was going to be on, so I set
  the time aside and called the station even before the hour to make
  sure I could get in. These astrologers are popular when they hit
  the mike, even when they are not of Quigley's renown.

  When my turn came, I read from the S.F. "Chronicle" wherein she was
  quoted as saying she is a "scientific astrologer", and I asked her
  if she could confirm that. She did, and then I asked her what, as
  a scientific astrologer, is the basis of astrology.

  "Please tell the listening audience what scientific principle makes
  astrology work", I requested.

  I had to pose the question three times, interrupting her tangential
  bilge each time. It was clear she didn't quite understand my
  question. I told the host that for some very simple reasons of
  physics, it couldn't be gravitation or tidal forces, for example.
  (Few astrologers assert these anymore.) Quigley agreed with that,
  and then she understood what I wanted.

  "It's photons", she said.

  I was so astonished I could not collect myself for a few seconds.
  "Photons?" I asked in stunned disbelief.

  "Yes, photons", came the unequivocal affirmation.

  I could feel the host's finger on the line switch -- he had already
  spent a fair amount of time on my call. I wanted so much to make
  her follow some of the consequences of such preposterous drivel.
  Before the fickle finger of the engineer flicked the switch, I was
  only able to remind her that the planets are not emitters of
  photons, but only reflectors; and very poor ones at that,
  especially in the case of the astrologically powerful Pluto.

  At least I had been successful in getting her to take a specific
  stance. If there is a theory -- any theory -- for some phenomenon,
  there is something to bite one's teeth into. For example, the most
  powerful source of photons during a birth is likely to be the
  bright lights in the delivery room. There are as many other reasons
  why a photon theory is absurd as one can imagine in only five
  minutes of reflection.

  It might be interesting to hear other astrologers defend this

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  proposition of one of their more illustrious colleagues,
  particularly since Joan is a scientific (she uses a computer)
  astrologer. Ask your local zodiacal wonder about Joan's photon
  theory and let us know what happens. -- Ed.


  RAMPARTS

  ["Ramparts" is a regular feature of "BASIS", and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip, and tear bits of irrationality from your
  local scene and send them to the Editor. If you want to add some
  comment with the submission, please do so.]

  Haven't you always wondered why the government is covering up its
  UFO investigations? Barry Greenwood, author of "Clear Intent: The
  Government Coverup of the UFO Experience", has plenty of good
  reasons, according to a report in the "Malden News".

  "When you are charged with protecting the U.S., and you have these
  things flying around, it's very difficult to shoot at them", said
  Greenwood. "When you cannot deal with the phenomenon, the last
  thing you want to do is to admit it. It could cause a full-scale
  investigation by Congress into why the Armed Forces aren't equipped
  to deal with this kind of thing. It saves a lot of embarrassment
  to debunk the phenomenon."

  Thus, CSICOP and its minions are merely tools of the government
  conspiracy. Greenwood has more. The feds are learning a lot of
  technical stuff about these alien ships, and the best way to keep
  it out of enemy hands is to deny that the whole thing exists. The
  idea is that what the Russkies don't know will hurt them. He even
  suggests that our stealth bomber technology was pirated from
  studying UFOs. The aeronautical engineers who expended all that
  effort in R&D and production would probably like to thank the
  aliens for the work it saved them.

  Barry feigns a scientific approach to UFOs when he says, "Only
  after you have exhausted all possibilities can you call it a UFO."
  It is obvious to Barry that we have exhausted all the
  possibilities, and must resort to an extraterrestrial explanation.

  The "Malden" article took a rare but welcome turn as it mentions
  CSICOP and quotes from a response by UFO expert Phil Klass, in
  which he raises a very interesting proposition: If someone is
  abducted, what is standard operating procedure? First, go to the
  police. The police then contact the FBI, being as this is their
  domain, and they MUST investigate. But if the FBI finds that the
  person has filed a false abduction report, the person can go to
  jail for up to five years and pay a fine of up to $10,000.

  "The reason", says Klass, "that no one has ever reported a UFO
  abduction case to the FBI is that they are afraid they'll end up
  going to jail. If the Hezbollah came into your house, abducted and

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  impregnated your daughter, you certainly would report it to the
  authorities", concluded Klass.


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the April, 1989 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1989 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
