{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T12:18:55Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 70168, "source_ctime_ns": 1790335710259338533, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-12.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790335710256968041, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-12.pdf", "source_sha256": "5d8cf306ca75046125ab4f43be4ec117983edb887ac7600d4e13868d7707762a"}

----------------------------------------------------------
  December 1989 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ----------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 8, No. 12
              Editor: Kent Harker


  IS ASTROLOGY RATIONAL?
  by David Widdowson

  [This article first appeared in "The Skeptic", newsletter of the
  Australian Skeptics.]

  Given what we now know about the universe, it is of course
  unreasonable to believe that the positions of the heavenly bodies
  can affect the behavior and personality of people on Earth; that
  is, to believe in astrology. But has such a belief always been
  unreasonable? After all, there were the observed effects of the sun
  on the weather and the moon on the tides, and other supposed
  correlations such as between the lunar month and the menstrual
  cycle. Did such effects make a belief in astrology rational? To
  examine this question, it is necessary to look at the historical
  basis of astrology. One of the central features of astrology is the
  system of "star signs" and the characteristics that are associated
  with each sign. For instance,

      "most of the constellations aren't named after their
      patterns, but rather from other aspects such as the
      seasons, myths and legends."

  People born with the sun in Leo are thought to be strong, proud,
  forceful and natural leaders. Why is this the case? Was it because
  ancient people observed Leonians to be like that? This turns out
  not to be so; rather, it was that these were characteristics of
  LIONS, therefore they came to be associated with people of this
  sign. This type of connection can be seen in many of the signs; for
  example, people born under:

  - Aries -- like a ram, are quick tempered and impulsive.
  - Taurus -- are stubborn, persistent and determined, like a bull.
  - Cancer -- as a crab, are outwardly hard but inwardly soft
    (emotional).
  - Libra -- the scales, have a balanced personality, harmonious.
  - Capricorn -- are tough and tenacious, like a goat . . . and so
    on.

  This type of magical correlation between the names given to the
  signs and the characteristics they produce in people has a certain
  crude logic to it, but you could hardly say it was a rational
  system. Just because a constellation looks like a bull [and what
  it "looks" like is certainly cultural . . .], it doesn't follow


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  that a person born when the sun is in that sign will have a bullish
  character; such a belief is magical rather than rational.

  In any event, most of the constellations aren't named after their
  patterns, but rather from other aspects such as the seasons, myths
  and legends. Characteristics of the signs also derive in part from
  the planets that were thought to rule them. The properties of the
  planets were in turn based on simple symbolic correlations; for
  instance, the sun was strong and dominated the Earth, hence it gave
  strength, and leadership. The moon was more subtle in its effects,
  so it was associated with emotions. Mercury, the fastest planet,
  was quick, shrewd, clever, "mercurial." Venus, bright and
  beautiful, represented love, beauty and goodness. Mars, red, meant
  war, hatred, cruelty and evil. Jupiter, bright, white, "majestic,"
  was happy, optimistic, and "jovial." Saturn, dull yellow and slow,
  was gloomy, "saturnine."

  When it came to assigning rulerships by the planets over the signs,
  one would expect there to be an attempted match between the
  properties ascribed to each. But the ascription of planetary
  rulerships (by Ptolemy around 150 AD) was arbitrarily based on the
  supposed order of planets from the Earth.

  As can be seen, Mars is given the rulership of the first sign,
  Aries, then the rulerships move in the Earth and then out again;
  the only exception is Leo which "naturally" rules the sun. (Even
  this may not be the case if the sun was thought to be closer than
  Mercury and Venus, although this is unlikely.) So, apart from Aries
  and Leo, the ascription is purely arbitrary and not based on any
  reasonable belief. The arbitrariness leads to some incongruous
  associations; for instance, surely Virgo is more suited to Venus
  than Taurus is.

  By the way, the discovery of three new planets caused quite a
  problem for the system of planetary rulerships (as it did for
  astrology in general) because there were no signs for the new
  planets to rule. One solution was to have two planets rule some
  signs, but, to use the astrologers' crude symbolism, it may be
  possible for a king to rule two kingdoms, but surely two kings
  can't rule the same kingdom. A further arbitrary element in the
  characteristics of the signs comes from their classification (also
  by Ptolemy) according to the four elements and the three qualities.
  The elements and their properties were: FIRE -- volatile; EARTH -
  - practical; AIR -- lively; and WATER -- emotional. The three
  qualities were CARDINAL (active), FIXED (stable) and MUTABLE
  (altered by external features).

  There are twelve combinations of element and quality (e.g.,
  cardinal fire, fixed earth, etc.) and each sign in order was given
  one combination. It can be seen that every fourth sign is ruled by
  a particular element and every third by a certain quality. The only
  aspect of this that is not arbitrary is the order of the elements,
  which contrasts with the order in Aristotle's system -- fire, air,
  earth, and water. This was probably done to give Capricorn and

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  Taurus to earth, and Cancer and Pisces to water. There are still
  some incongruities; perhaps Aquarius should be water, Scorpio fire,
  Leo cardinal, etc.

  To summarize, this study shows that the basis of astrology is
  neither reason nor experience, but rather:

  1. A magical belief in the correspondence between the properties
  of a star sign or planet and human characteristics; and

  2. The generally arbitrary ascription of planetary rulerships and
  the classifications of the signs.

  Both aspects are completely foreign to science and other rational
  fields of thought. To illustrate this, imagine physicists using the
  "astrological method" to explore the subatomic world. Their
  reasoning might run like this: How many subatomic particles are
  there? Let's ascribe each a letter of the alphabet. OK, so there
  are 26 of them. What are they like? Well, "A" is the first letter,
  so the "A" particle is the first and most basic. The "B" particle?
  Well, that swarms around like a bee. The "X" particle is difficult
  to know, etc. Of course, this is absurd, but no more absurd than
  astrology is.

  Astrology's irrational basis explains to an extent how it survived
  the scientific revolution and why it flourishes today in spite of
  all the rational arguments used against it. It also seems that it
  will go on flourishing where irrationality continues to thrive.


  CONSPICUOUS CONSUMPTION

  In a world in which hunger is a major problem, the average health-
  food faddist will spend about $50,000 on mostly useless food
  supplements during his or her lifetime. This is according to
  information in a trade publication as reported in the NCAHF
  newsletter.

  What a sorry state of affairs to contemplate when the problems are
  so great in other, pressing areas of human need. What a commentary
  on our modern, "enlightened" society.


  EX-FIREWALKER PROMOTING NEW AGE COURSE
  by Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D.

  Tony Robbins. The name rang a bell. I looked back in some files,
  and sure enough, there he was: in 1984, one of the most financially
  successful operators of a "firewalking" scam. In those days he was
  touring with "Fear Into Power -- the Firewalk Experience," which
  was his potentially dangerous and certainly unethical means of
  promoting his "Neurolinguistic Programing-based power of positive

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  thinking" routine.

  Robbins was the most successful commercial purveyor of the nonsense
  that through your own will you could "overcome the laws of nature"
  and "actually walk on fire!!" The cells of your body would somehow
  become reorganized to protect you from the thousand-degree fire,
  all because you willed it. If you can walk on fire, you can
  overcome any obstacle in your life. Robbins, in a newspaper article
  written by a devotee, allegedly told seminar participants that they
  would get through the walk through a series of "imbedded commands
  -- an unconscious program developed through hypnotic techniques to
  get yourself in tune on an unconscious as well as a conscious
  level."

  This is horse manure, of course. First, the marks (paying up to
  $500 or more per "seminar") walked on glowing wood chips, not
  "fire." Wood chip embers don't have a high enough heat capacity to
  burn one unless one stands on them for rather longer than it takes
  to walk across them. No one claimed you could walk on hot pennies,
  which really WOULD be impressive! The fad started to fizzle when
  Bernard Leikind, a physicist from Cal Tech, walked on fire on the
  Johnny Carson show, using just the laws of physics instead of New
  Age mumbo-jumbo. Skeptics groups around the country started going
  to Robbins' sessions and exposing him. The fires, literally,
  started dying down. I for one haven't seen an advertisement for
  firewalking in over two years.

  Why am I reminded about this? In the September newsletter of the
  Humanist Community of San Jose, is an advertisement for "PERSONAL
  POWER!," a course to help you attain "dynamic, exciting, effective
  personal power." This course consists of 24 half-hour tapes,
  purchasable for $150 (about the price of the old firewalking
  seminar, but described as "significantly below" the national
  supplier's price), produced by none other than our old guru,
  Anthony Robbins.

  The tape titles suggest the old "power of positive thinking"
  routine, with the infusion of appropriate New Age linguistics (key
  words like "focus," "programing," "power," "energy"), plus some
  unrecognizable ones ("holophonic subliminal," "neuro-associative
  conditioning.") Results "beyond your wildest dreams" are promised.

  Maybe Robbins has gone "straight" human potential, giving up
  gimmicks like firewalking. Potential course-takers should consider
  his history, however. Is this someone from whom you want to take
  advice for how to run your life? Or anything else?


  A WONDER IN OUR MIDST: THE CALIFORNIA ACADEMY OF SCIENCES
  by Yves Barbero

  We can't just give a child present knowledge . . . the rate of
  technical insight grows geometrically. Expect a different world in

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  ten years!" Roy Eisenhardt, Director of the California Academy of
  Sciences, declared.

  "The emphasis is on youth," he pointed out. "It is important that
  children be taught how to learn." Concerned with public policy
  decisions made about science, the director recognized that these
  kids, whether or not they enter the sciences as a profession, will
  be the decision makers of the future. A thorough grounding in
  science is not an option which can be lightly ignored. He sees the
  Academy as an important tool in that process.

  The Academy, located in Golden Gate Park in San Francisco, is the
  West's oldest science institution. Founded in 1853, it boasts,
  aside from the well-known Steinhart Aquarium and Morrison
  Planetarium, a research division which manages almost 15 million
  specimens in its collection. It is staffed by dozens of
  naturalists. Despite the 1906 Earthquake which destroyed the first
  building, (and the recent 1989 event which caused only minor
  structural damage), it has managed to grow into the immense
  institution it is today.

  Not often in the limelight, the research division has been doing
  serious work in anthropology, botany, ecology, geology, and zoology
  and has thousands of scientific papers to its credit, hundreds of
  which have been published by the Academy itself. It has one of the
  best research libraries in the area and it is accessible to the
  public. The research division is often called upon by government,
  the media and even the police (investigating crimes) for
  assistance.

  As with any museum, it has exhibits designed to delight the heart
  and educate the mind. Eisenhardt said that since the public is not
  of one mind, the Academy tries to make a little something for
  everyone. The ambition is to inform us about the natural world; but
  each of us has to approach the museum in his or her own way. He
  gave an example of what he likes to do at the Academy: sit in front
  of a diorama (a sort of 3-D snapshot using painted backgrounds and
  preserved specimens) in the African Hall and study it in detail.
  "Just walking through is not enough," he said.

  Among the lesser known but important exhibits at the museum are the
  Wattis Hall of Human Cultures and the Gem and Mineral Hall. Their
  impact on an individual may not be as immediate as that of the
  Aquarium or Planetarium in our non-stop age, but they offer
  insights into our natural and social history not easily available
  elsewhere.

  For adults, there are a number of lectures, field trips and classes
  which help make the transition from the ranks of the merely curious
  to that of well-informed citizen (after all, adults are making the
  policy decisions now). For the first time in history, man is making
  a serious impact on the natural world. It is better to be informed
  than to listen to shrill voices from some extreme.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  Susan Douglas is the educational chairperson for the Academy, and
  she agrees with the director that educating children is of primary
  importance. "Youngsters take classes at the Junior Academy. They
  work with real materials. It is an after-school science school."
  There is a minimal fee, she said, but scholarships are available
  for those unable to pay.

  Douglas, an eleven-year veteran of the Academy, smiled as she said,
  "Most people approach it as educational but enjoyable. They drag
  their children here with that in mind."

  She is particularly proud of the Biological Forum held annually for
  high school science teachers. In its fifth year, she feels that it
  has helped keep teachers current in an ever changing area of study.
  The Academy has close ties to the Science Unit of the State
  Department of Education, and on most school days, long lines of
  school buses are parked in the back of the Academy. It is the
  science teachers who determine what their classes get from the
  field trips to the Academy. The staff and docents assist with their
  specialized knowledge. (Docent volunteers are so well trained they
  earn four units of college level biology).

  A major new permanent exhibit hall is now under construction which
  will display the evidence of evolution, "Life Through Time." It
  will open in early 1990. "When the Rainbow Touches Down," an
  exhibit of Native-American Art is now on display (until January
  14th). "Wild California" and Gary Larson's outrageous "The Far
  Side" original cartoons exhibits are well worth the time.

  The Academy is open every day of the year from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
  There is an admission charge of $4 for adults, $2 for 12-17 and
  seniors and $1 for 6-11. Kids 5 or less are free. Call (415)
  750-7145. Membership, which includes a subscription to "Pacific
  Discovery", admissions and a variety of programs, is a bargain at
  $40 a year. Call (415) 750-7111.

  "BASIS" would like to run a series of articles about museums and
  other institutions dedicated to the promotion and public
  understanding of science. After all, the underlying purpose of Bay
  Area Skeptics is to promote scientific understanding and the
  critical thinking skills that go along with it. If you've special
  information, please submit representative articles and offer your
  suggestions. For more information, call Yves Barbero at (415)
  285-4358 (evenings).


  TASS GOES RAG

  With "glasnost" comes more revelations of Soviet silliness. "BASIS"
  has reported some of the feats of funny psychics in what is
  becoming a phenomenon. The formerly austere Tass news agency now
  reports "National Enquirer" stuff in a matter-of-fact way. (Someone
  speculated that Rupert Murdoch has persuaded the Ministry of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  Information to accept his bid for a capitalistic venture in rag
  journals.)

  This reportage has filtered out to America, and now there have been
  evening-news pieces on the tube about UFOnauts putting down right
  there on soviet soil. (The stories went from the national to the
  local network affiliates, and, on channel 5 news in the Bay Area,
  board member Andy Fraknoi and former BAS chair Robert Sheaffer were
  asked to express -- in a few seconds -- the skeptical side.)

  The aliens who grace this side of the Atlantic are little and
  green, with large heads -- presumably to house the enormous brains
  they need to hold all that high-tech stuff. The Russian issue is
  from some other part of the galaxy, because they are tall and have
  tiny heads. Look at how our micro-chip technology has shrunk
  things, so maybe head size is not related to smarts.

  The "Oakland Tribune" told of another poor devil, one E. Frenkel,
  a member of the growing cadre of soviet psychic healers and
  mentalists. Mr. Frenkel found that he could stop bicycles with his
  psychic powers when he stepped in front of them. He went to
  automobiles and lo, they couldn't run over him either -- they
  stopped, he believed, because of his powers. Ever the brave
  entrepreneur, streetcars were then tested with the same success.
  Confident that he really had mastered the Power, he finally stepped
  in front of a freight train.

  In a properly laconic comment, the "Trib" wrote, "It didn't work."
  At least the late Frenkel "was on the right track," they remarked.


  EDITOR'S CORNER

  The issue of falsifiability is central to the scientific method.
  If a proposition is non-falsifiable, at least in theory, it is a
  proposition that has little scientific value. The focus here is
  SCIENTIFIC value, which is not, of course, to say that the
  proposition has no value in any context. Scientific creationism,
  for example, is not falsifiable because there is no evidence, even
  in theory, which could show it to be false. Whatever difficulty,
  real or imagined, may be swept away with an appropriate miracle,
  however clumsily.

  Therefore the very term "scientific creationism" is oxymoronic. Bob
  Steiner's recent book, "Don't Get Taken!", includes an example of
  what he says is a non-falsifiable statement. The chapter with that
  example was published in the September "BASIS". Dr. Terence Hines
  challenged the example, and we printed Terry's letter and Bob's
  response in the November issue. I spoke with Bob about Terry's
  critique in early October and we agreed that one of the more
  wonderful things about science and the scientific method is that
  criticism is the lifeblood of intellectual honesty and advancement.
  Criticism is the essence of skeptical inquiry -- the stuff of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  keeping our minds open and continually learning.

  My own development before aligning myself more on the skeptical
  side was a very narrow mindset. Where I came from, criticism of the
  party line was unthinkable. The exhilaration of being able to
  openly consider criticism is wonderful. In the case of dogma, which
  cannot be wrong (non-falsifiable), choking stultification is the
  usual product. Like most things in life, there is a trade off when
  one renounces dogma: security for freedom.

  Dogma produces security. There is no need to search for
  understanding because the truth is on a platter, conveniently in
  front of us, from which we must take our daily nutriment. The
  regimen may be only thinly nourishing, but, like manna, it is
  always there; dependable if austere, inexhaustible if bland. With
  skepticism comes that freedom which says one may roam into any area
  of human thought and pick ones way through, but the process is not
  without its poisonous hazards. Picking through the smorgasbord of
  ideas requires some method if one has any hope of doing it with the
  fewest errors. A system of formal reasoning is necessary to sort
  the wheat from the chaff.

  A FORMAL SYSTEM

  In any system of formal reasoning, a scheme must be established
  whereby we may evaluate the relative strength of propositions. Such
  a system must include, in reverse order of primacy, theorems,
  axioms, and definitions. Since mathematics is the system of logic
  most are familiar with, I will use geometry for examples.

  Where do we begin when we devise a system? Above a certain level,
  we must be able to clearly and unambiguously define everything we
  will encounter in the system. We loathe circularity of definition
  as much circularity of reason, and since we cannot any more easily
  tolerate infinite regress in our definitions, we are forced to
  accept some primitive definitions as themselves undefined. In
  geometry, "point" is such an undefined entity. (No less a notable
  than Euclid thought he could build a perfect system, so he defined
  a point as "that which has no part.") Most people revolt at the
  notion of undefined entities, so an instructor prostitutes
  him/herself by making a little dot on the blackboard when the
  student would ultimately be better taught to understand the folly
  of trying to define everything.*

  Next comes a set of assumptions. If we are to avoid tautology ("a"
  implies "a"), circular reasoning ("a" implies "b" implies "a"), and
  infinite regress ("a sub n" is derivable from "a sub n-1", . . .
  ), we must cut the circle and truncate the reasoning extending back
  to infinity and say "this is the bottom." Such primitive statements
  are "axioms"; they are unprovable. Euclid called them "self-evident
  truths" in his continued attempt at a perfect system. The
  combination of these axioms and definitions in a logical system is
  so airtight that whenever we are able to apply its principles to
  some other system we may be assured that the latter, too, is

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  airtight. This is why mathematics is such a powerful analytical
  tool.

  What does all this have to do with falsifiability? Remember that
  we stipulated that all our definitions must necessarily be
  unambiguous and flow linearly from the primitives. Many arguments
  should never get off the starting blocks: they are really over
  before ever having begun because there was no clear definition or
  there was no common agreement on the definition. Without clear
  definitions, all the logical prowess and agility one may possess
  are for naught.

      "Skepticism is the chastity of the intellect, and it is
      shameful to surrender it too soon or to the first comer."
      -- Santayana

  I carried on for a year in a running debate with a creationist
  before realizing that his definition of science was "knowing." That
  is indeed one of the accepted definitions of science. He had
  selected that particular definition not because it is germane, but
  because it defined his position into existence. All the effort I
  had expended on R-S-T was wasted because we had not agreed upon A-
  B-C first. His definition allows voodooism and cow-chip tossing as
  valid scientific areas of study. There are many informal
  definitions of science, so if one is to have a meaningful
  discussion about science qua science, there must first be strict
  agreement on a formal definition. Any subject one may wish to
  discuss has multiple definitions.

  BIG MAFIOSO

  All of this now applies to Steiner's statement. Is there a specific
  definition that we could all agree upon, at least in theory, as
  regards what is a "big Mafioso"? We MUST agree or there is no point
  in even discussing the matter, and the matter is not as intractable
  as it can be made to appear.

  The easiest way out is to allow only the most formal definition for
  the purpose of discussion. It is not theoretically difficult to
  arrive at, in a formal sense, what is meant by "big" in this case,
  and it is even easier to define, in a formal sense, what is meant
  by "Mafioso." Then and only then are we prepared to address the
  question of falsifiability.

  The limits of scientific falsifiability should not have to hinge
  upon a definition, or we are in a pack of trouble. We wouldn't be
  able to falsify ourselves out of a wet paper bag. We must be able
  to determined falsifiability at the INFERENCE level of the logico-
  rational system, not be stymied at the definition level.

  I contend therefore, that whether or not one is a "big Mafioso" or
  not is falsifiable.

  * Try a little exercise in circular definitions. Take a word in the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  dictionary and look up one of its definitions or synonyms. In
  usually at most six iterations of this process you will be back to
  the original word. Miss Rotman, my English literature teacher,
  marked our papers whenever we used the word we were to define in
  the definition, but this problem is ultimately unavoidable in
  language.


  CSER REPORTS ON SATANISM
  by Shawn Carlson, Ph.D.

  For the last three years, I and several colleagues investigated
  monstrous allegations of Satanic crime. What we found are pillars
  of nonsense built on sand. Murderous cults of Devil worshipers are
  modern folk legends and a few opportunists, bereaved parents and
  religious fanatics have preyed on the public's imagination to
  create a lucrative cottage industry of fear. What follows is a
  press release describing our research. Copies of the 200-page
  report are available for $10 plus $1.50 P&H from me at Box 466, El
  Cerrito, CA, 94530.

  Those who worry about a rising tide of Satanic crime in America are
  giving the Devil much more than his due according to a report
  issued today by the Committee for Scientific Examination of
  Religion (CSER), a group of scientists and scholars dedicated to
  the critical evaluation of religious claims.

  "SATANISM IN AMERICA", compiled after three years of investigation,
  finds some evidence of Satanic or "occult- related" criminal
  activity in the United States, but cautions that its prevalence has
  been grossly exaggerated by self-styled experts who have wasted
  millions of tax dollars and countless thousands of police hours in
  search of a conspiracy that isn't there.

  In fact, according to CSER's study, a phalanx of Christian
  fundamentalists, political extremists, bereaved parents,
  opportunists, and several mentally unstable persons have combined
  to form a lucrative "information industry" on occult-related crime.
  The report asserts that public monies have been used to fund police
  and law enforcement training seminars (often costing hundreds, and
  sometimes thousands, of dollars), and the publication of dozens of
  books and manuals, offering little more than "evangelism posing as
  criminology." And all of this has happened despite the fact that
  a person is more likely to be struck by lightning than to be the
  victim of a Satanic crime.

  THE DEVIL WITH GERALDO

  CSER decided to begin its investigation in 1986, shortly after its
  widely publicized expose of fraudulent TV faith healers. Alarmed
  by the nationwide Satanism scare, which had been fueled by
  outrageous claims and sensational media coverage, the Committee
  later focused much of its attention on an analysis of Geraldo

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  Rivera's special television presentation, "Devil Worship: Exposing
  Satan's Underground," aired on the night of Oct. 25, 1988.

  The report is sharply critical of the Rivera special, charging that
  it was:

  - poorly researched.
  - sensational.
  - highly irresponsible.

  "SATANISM IN AMERICA" tells that "The Rivera report was misleading,
  much of the information presented was inaccurate, and key facts
  were omitted." And these facts, CSER contends, would have left the
  viewing audience considerably less alarmed about the "threat" of
  Satanism.

  Says Dr. Shawn Carlson, the report's principal author, "Had Rivera
  been a bit more even-handed in his treatment of the subject matter,
  perhaps some of the hysteria could have been averted or avoided
  altogether."

  Carlson, a physicist and software engineer, points out that there
  was at least one confirmed case of homicide associated with the
  program. "Timothy Hughes of Altus, Oklahoma murdered his wife
  immediately after watching Rivera's special," Carlson says,
  "because he believed her to be part of the conspiracy."

  "20/20" IN THE ACT

  Carlson contends that since the airing of a special report on
  Devil-worship on ABC's newsmagazine "20/20" in 1985, and the
  continuing fascination of TV talk-shows and the press with
  allegations of a Satanic conspiracy, numerous acts of violence have
  been committed by vigilantes and arsonists across the country
  against those suspected of Devil-worship. "A number of small
  churches, including several Black churches, have been vandalized
  and burned because of rumor-panics," says Carlson. "After the
  Matamoros incident -- which had nothing to do with Satanism --
  people in Pharr, Texas began to hear rumors that blond-haired,
  blue-eyed children were to be ritually murdered in a little church
  called the Church of Fire.

  The church was destroyed in a mysterious blaze, and several of the
  members were threatened with similar fates.

  The same thing happened to a Black church in Illinois last winter."
  Carlson points to a similar incident involving the producer of the
  "20/20" segment on Devil-worship, Kenneth Wooden. "Wooden addressed
  an audience of 200 people in Olean, New York last April on the
  topic of Satanic crime, and told them that 25% of all unsolved
  homicides were ritualistic in nature. That's one in four -- an
  unbelievable number! There had been a rumor about Satanism
  spreading in Jamestown, a nearby town. Asked about it, Wooden said,
  `It doesn't surprise me . . . it can happen here.'"

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  "Two weeks later, the police had to stop a mob armed with knives
  and clubs in Jamestown from converging on a wooded area. And a
  local warehouse, used for punk rock concerts, sustained $4000 worth
  of damage because several townspeople believed that a ritual
  sacrifice was to occur there.

  "Wooden's report for `20/20', as well as his comments in that
  public meeting, were simply irresponsible," according to Carlson.

  MORE EXAGGERATION

  The report claims that many of those making public allegations
  about Satanic crime have exaggerated the extent of the problem
  beyond reason. According to Carlson, "These people claim to know
  who the cultist are, where they meet, and how they dispose of the
  bodies of their victims. But unlike undercover police officers and
  informants on organized crime, they are unable -- or unwilling --
  to provide names, dates, places, or any other tangible evidence."

  Carlson's charges are supported by many law enforcement officers
  and criminologists, among them Kenneth Lanning of the FBI's
  Behavioral Research Unit in Quantico, Virginia. Lanning, a
  specialist on crimes involving children, has recently published an
  article critical of the current Satanism scare in the October issue
  of "Police Chief" magazine, and reprinted as an appendix in CSER's
  report.

  "SATANISM IN AMERICA" addresses the entire spectrum of claims
  surrounding Satanism and occult crime -- child-abductions, ritual
  abuse, human and animal sacrifices, women who purportedly offered
  their own infants up for sacrifice, animal mutilations, the link
  between Devil-worship and Heavy Metal music, and the phenomenon of
  "backward masking." It concludes that most of the allegations made
  over the last several years are baseless.

  The report states that in the few instances where crimes with
  undeniable Satanic overtones have occurred, "there is no evidence
  to show that Satanism, per se, was responsible for the act. Nearly
  every Satanic criminal had a history of anti-social behavior long
  before he/she took up the trappings of Satanism. Satanism, in these
  cases, appears as an expression of one's mental illness, and not
  as the sole motivation for anti-social behavior. Satanism is a
  symptom, not the cause."

  According to Carlson, "Some of the people who are most public about
  this issue make the silliest claims -- insisting that between
  50,000 and two million children are ritually murdered each year by
  Satanists. We know that this just isn't true. The FBI states that
  they have fewer than 80 open files on children abducted by
  strangers in any given year. And there were a total of 23,000
  homicides in the U.S. last year, making the lowest sacrifice number
  often offered by the conspiracy theorists TWICE the national murder
  average for children and adults combined. The numbers offered by


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  the so-called experts simply don't add up."

  "Far more children drown in our backyard pools than are killed by
  cultists," Carlson argues. "In fact, last year 2,100 children were
  murdered in the U.S. by their own parents! This means that children
  are far more likely to be killed by their own father than by a
  Devil-worshiper. If we want to help children, we should cover our
  swimming pools and do something about child abuse, not waste
  limited resources chasing after non-existent Devil-worshiping
  conspiracies." According to the report, there have been over a
  million violent crimes committed in the U.S. in the past five
  years, fewer than one hundred of them involving Satanism or the
  occult.

  CHILD ABUSE

  "I'm proud of the work we've done, especially in the area of child
  abuse," says Gerald Larue, Emeritus professor of Religion at the
  University of Southern California and co-author of "SATANISM IN
  AMERICA". "The hysteria-mongers would have us exhaust our resources
  going after a non-existent, nation-wide cult of Satanic child-
  abusers. We must concentrate our efforts on finding the real
  abusers and taking them off the streets, as well as providing help
  for abused kids. We owe it to our children not to indulge ourselves
  in hysteria in their names."

  "Our investigation has shown that, in child-abuse cases,
  allegations of Devil-worshiping conspiracies are phantoms of the
  prosecutors' imagination and that juries tend not to convict when
  such allegations are raised. I can't help but think that real
  child-abusers may have been released from jails because some
  prosecutors failed to concentrate on the abuse by getting carried
  away with meager evidence of Satanic murders allegedly committed
  during black masses and the like," adds Larue. "This panic is
  hurting kids a lot more than its helping them."


  NEW FACES

  Permanence in an all-volunteer organization is like finding Nessie
  in Lake Tahoe. Fresh ideas usually come with fresh names, so
  newcomers are always welcome. Things have been moving apace lately
  to the extent that the "BASIS" staff has barely had time to catch
  its breath enough to salute our latest "acquisitions." Kate Talbot
  has accepted the responsibility of distributing "BASIS", for which
  Yves Barbero is mightily grateful. Helping to get the newsletter
  out on time is a somewhat thankless but vitally important task, so
  we want Kate to feel our appreciation.

  BAS extends a hearty "WELCOME!" to Eugenie Scott, Ph.D., who has
  agreed to serve on our board. Genie, a long-time advisor to BAS,
  is an anthropologist, properly degreed and papered in physical
  anthropology by the University of Missouri. After a post-graduate

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  stint she did some teaching rounds at U. of Kentucky and U. of
  Colorado, and several schools in California. She is now serving as
  Executive Director of the National Center for Science Education.
  Her impressive credentials and specialty in the creation/evolution
  controversy have led to her nomination as a CSICOP Fellow.

  Still parceling out more of herself and her time, Genie is an
  elected member of the Board of Directors of the American
  Association of Anthropologists, something that tells us what her
  peers think of her. In her spare time she debates -- very
  effectively -- various principals from the Institute for Creation
  Research. If one is somewhat daunted by this list of
  accomplishments, Genie's disarming, down-to-earth personality will
  just charm your socks off. No hoity-toity here.


  MORE FOLLY

  "Degrees of Folly" will probably conclude in January when the DOE
  makes its decision. If you question the value of the "BASIS" series
  on the ICR case, here is part of a letter from Stuart Hurlbert to
  Joseph Barankin, both principals in the story:

      "Clearly [Bennetta's] a prickly burr under the saddle.
      . . . But . . . his articles [in "BASIS"] are the ONLY
      accurate account available to the public of this past
      year's events. He has done more this past year to protect
      the integrity of science degrees in California . . . than
      the entire DOE/PPED staff."


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Kent Harker, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Kate Talbot, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


  THE GANG OF THREE
  "SKEPTICISM IN THE 1990'S"

  Two past chairs of BAS, a current director, three authors of note,
  a magician, a political theoretician, a scholar and an advisor to
  senior citizens seems like a battalion but all these traits are
  embodied in three men who have stood the Bay Area on its ears.

  Bob Steiner, Robert Sheaffer and Larry Jerome will predict, analyze
  and sort out skepticism for the coming decade. Will the Age of
  Aquarius melt and be overshadowed by End-of-the-Millennium Prophets
  of Doom? Is Creationism finally dead? What odd notions will join
  the short-lived anorexic Breatherians in the future?

  Robert Sheaffer, past chair of BAS, is author of "The UFO Verdict".
  His most recent book is the political "Resentment Against
  Achievement". Lawrence Jerome teaches at the University of San
  Francisco and the Electronic University. Among his literary
  achievements are "Astrology Disproved" and "Crystal Power: The
  Ultimate Placebo Effect". Bob Steiner, past president of the
  Society of American Magicians, can often be heard on talk radio
  attacking the irrational notions of our age of reason. The title
  of his most recent book, "Don't Get Taken!" says it all.

  Bring your questions.

                         -----


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the December, 1989 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1989 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
