{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T03:41:52Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 70240, "source_ctime_ns": 1790394100373169317, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-08.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790394100370153028, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-08.pdf", "source_sha256": "b9a7debb15085c7de882582efa9288753c185185c3d32713ca4849aea34e2954"}

--------------------------------------------------------
  August 1989 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  --------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 8, No. 8
              Editor: Kent Harker


  MARS HIDES FACE IN SHAME
  by David Morrison

  [Dr. David Morrison, a CSICOP Fellow, heads the Space Science
  Division at NASA Ames Research Center in California.

  As part of the team that planned and directed exploration of Mars,
  he is eminently qualified to comment on the results of those
  explorations. The October 1988 issue of "BASIS" carried an analysis
  by John Hewitt of the of the work conducted by a group called the
  Mars Project. This group believes that in one of the images sent
  from the Viking Orbiter there is a "face" of non-natural origin.
  Our February 1989 issue featured a rebuttal by Roger Keeling, a
  board member of the Mars Project, in which he heavily attacked the
  "most" part of Hewitt's assertion that "Most scientists state
  flatly that there is `absolutely no evidence'. . . ."

  Dr. Morrison is part of that "most," and he is probably in the best
  position to speak for most.]

  Roger Keeling's rebuttal to John Hewitt's article on the Face on
  Mars adds little but confusion to an already clouded issue. He
  begins by attacking "appeals to nameless authority" by those who
  believe the face to be a natural feature. In so doing Keeling
  demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of the scientific
  process.

  Science generally progresses because it is self-correcting, and
  this self correction depends on the open criticism of ideas among
  the experts in a particular discipline -- in this case, the
  discipline of Martian geology. The informed opinions of planetary
  geologists who are familiar with Mars is the best indication
  available to all of the rest of us of the technical plausibility
  of the assertions of Hoagland et al. concerning an unnatural origin
  for the Face. The judgments of experts on Martian geology are an
  essential starting point for any analysis of the Viking images.

  I can personally attest to the truth of Hewitt's assertion that
  this group (including the one Martian expert mentioned by Keeling,
  Dr. Chris McKay of NASA Ames Research Center) is clearly of the
  opinion that "there is nothing whatever artificial about the Face."

  I know this from many discussions with planetary scientists both
  before and after the publication in "Skeptical Inquirer" of my


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  review of Hoagland's and Pozos's books. Some of these discussions
  were as recent as the International Mars Conference held in Tucson
  this January. The attempt by Keeling of a counter-appeal to his own
  authorities in support of an artificial origin for the Face is
  beside the point, since Webb, O'Leary, Pozos, etc., for all of
  their professional accomplishments, are neither planetary
  geologists nor experts on Mars.

  I do agree with Keeling that the Face on Mars is quite a good face
  as seen in the oblique lighting of Viking Frame 35A72. Like many
  such erosional phenomena on our planet, the Face on Mars has a form
  that is easily interpreted by the human brain as an anthropomorphic
  image. Maybe some day it will become a tourist attraction for human
  colonists on Mars, like the "Old Man of the Mountain" or the
  "Sleeping Indian" on Earth. The area of Mars photographed by Viking
  is nearly as great as the total land area of the Earth, and it
  should not surprise us that one good face showed up somewhere on
  that planet. Incidentally, the same Viking team members who first
  found the face also came up with a "Happy Face" and "Kermit the
  Frog" in other orbiter images.

  The major problem with Keeling, Hoagland, Pozos and their group
  does not concern the Face per se, but rather the web of fantasy
  they have created concerning the supposed ruined city, pyramids,
  and astronomical alignments in the area of Cydonia near the Face.
  As Keeling notes in his rebuttal, the case for the past Martian
  civilization rests largely on the artificial origin of these other
  features, which are in fact no more than common, randomly oriented
  mesas shaped by wind erosion, no different from hundreds of similar
  mesas distributed rather widely on Mars. I have no quarrel with the
  efforts by Carlotto and others to apply image-processing techniques
  to the Face and to publish their results in the scientific
  literature, but I do take offense at Hoagland's tendentious prose
  and the mixture of fact and fiction that he is trying to sell as
  an example of "scientific research." This is simply nonsense, in
  the same category with psychic channeling and UFO abduction
  stories.

  Another grave problem with Keeling and The Mars Project lies in
  the confusion they generate concerning the nature of science. Like
  the creationists, they attempt to don the mantle of science in
  order to legitimize their activities. A recent (June) mailing from
  the organization proposes to create twenty 2-minute radio spots to
  be distributed to several hundred radio stations, reaching a
  potential audience of tens of millions.

  They write that "these science notes will introduce and describe
  the Martian anomalies in a scientific, non-sensational way . . .
  discuss established space science facts and developments . . .
  [and] feature fascinating interviews with world-famous scientists
  discussing their own work. And all will make reference to the work
  of the Mars Project. . . . It will give the Project new visibility
  and credibility. . . . They could help us attract top-rank
  scientists . . . even as they also reach millions of citizens."

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  Keeling is asking supporters for tax-deductible contributions to
  finance the production and distribution of these radio slots.

  I hope that the "world-famous scientists" approached to appear on
  this series will realize the way their interviews will be used to
  promote more Face on Mars nonsense under the guise of legitimate
  scientific and educational goals.

  All of us who support space research, including the continued
  exploration of Mars, should be especially concerned about Keeling's
  final paragraph, in which he says that "in the long run -- even if
  the anomalies should prove natural in origin -- we will deem
  significantly increased public interest in space exploration and
  Mars to be success enough." It is intellectually dishonest to try
  to hoodwink the American taxpayers into returning to Mars for the
  wrong reasons. I protest the cynicism of this justification for
  the self-serving publicity blitz Keeling's organization is
  mounting.


  NO GUTS
  by William Bennetta

  In conventional psychic surgery, the practitioner pretends to
  withdraw unhealthy or abnormal tissue from his customer's body.
  The items of choice for this maneuver are chicken guts or similar
  offal, perhaps augmented by some chicken blood, that the
  practitioner conceals before starting his act. (In some cases, the
  offal and blood are kept in a false finger that the practitioner
  wears.)

  This approach has three important disadvantages: It is necessarily
  messy; it requires some minimal training in sleight-of-hand work;
  and it forces the practitioner to endure some risk of being exposed
  -- especially if samples of his organic props are acquired by a
  skeptic or a police laboratory.

  Now, however, the need to play with guts and blood seems to have
  been abolished, in a brilliant stroke, by a psychic surgeon who
  calls himself The Reverend Joseph Martinez and who runs The
  Spiritual Healing Center, in San Francisco. Look at his
  advertisement in the May issue of the "Psychic Reader":

  "The Reverend Joseph Martinez practices a unique variation of
  Philippine Psychic Surgery in which the removal process occurs
  beyond the usual range of the senses and can only be seen
  clairvoyantly. This is a more spiritual version of the process in
  which the healer removes from the body negative energies in a
  materialized form. This spiritual method removes psychic blockages
  and energies invisibly and in a finer manner, although the removal
  is clearly felt. Pulling and tuggings are commonly reported
  sensations. Healing is performed by Spirit Psychic Surgeons."


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  The essential idea, I infer, is this: If you (or an investigator
  from a bunco squad) cannot see the stuff that The Reverend removes
  by his manipulations, this merely means that you are insufficiently
  clairvoyant. And you probably could not see the emperor's new
  clothes, either.


  THE BLOOD READERS
  by Robert Steiner

  [The following is an excerpted chapter from Bob's soon-to-be-
  published book "Don't Get Taken!"]

  There seems to be no end to the proliferation of nonsense.
  Published in Japan in 1983, translated into English and published
  in the United States of America in 1988, "You Are Your Blood Type"
  (Nomi and Besher [1983] 1988) splashed on the scene with yet
  another "revolutionary breakthrough" in the selling of balderdash
  to an eager and gullible public.

  All quotations in this chapter are from "You Are Your Blood Type";
  citations are page numbers.

  Co-author Alexander Besher wastes no time getting our attention.
  By the second paragraph of the Preface, he has already described
  "this brilliant and lovely Japanese experimental movie director"
  (11) Kimiko. He did not waste a whole lot of time getting to the
  important things with her, either. By the end of that second
  paragraph in the Preface, we are informed that he landed on her on
  their first date. And then, guess what? You've got it -- they
  discussed their blood types.

  The exciting second paragraph of the Preface concludes with:

      Afterwards [after you-know-what], while sipping iced
      Russian vodka on my deck overlooking the expanse of
      lights that Los Angeles becomes at night, Kimiko told me
      that she wanted to share a personal secret. "It's the
      first time I have been with an AB," she said. "But I knew
      it would make both of us very happy" (11).

  Claiming not to know his own blood type, Besher tells us that he
  later learned that Kimiko was correct -- he does indeed have type
  AB blood.

  If you search the book seeking citations of studies proving their
  hypothesis, you will come up empty. We find only such things as:

      The walls in Toshitaka Nomi's office are plastered with
      graphs and charts showing the state of various studies
      being conducted at any given time (12-13).

      If the Japanese are taking blood-type analysis seriously,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
      it is probably worthy of contemplation (21).

      They laughed at Newton! (21).

  So much for the scientific evidence and documentation. Now they get
  to the practical uses of this hokum. For example, you might use it
  as a pick-up line. Thinkest thou that I jest? Nay. Nay. Forsooth,
  'twas in this wondrous book, to wit:

      Just imagine walking up to an attractive stranger and
      starting up a conversation. "Excuse me," you begin,
      secure in your knowledge that you are applying one of the
      most innovative opening lines in modern times. "I was
      wondering what your blood type is. I thought you might
      be an A by the way you looked at the details in that Fra
      Angelico, but I'm not sure" (21).

  In a manner similar to the astrologers, the blood readers tell you
  the important people with whom your share your blood type. For
  example, President Dwight David Eisenhower, President Ronald
  Reagan, Nobel Prize winning physicist Murray Gell-Mann, and Lynn
  Redgrave all have blood type O.

  Get ready for an important piece of news: "Most of the big Mafiosi
  [members of the Mafia] are members of the O blood group" (45).

  We have come to an extremely important lesson in learning to
  recognize bunkum. Frequently it does not take any specific
  scientific knowledge on your part, nor does it necessarily require
  familiarity with the subject. Rather, if you simply apply some
  common sense to the claims, the tomfoolery will jump out at you.

  Suppose you wanted to learn the blood types of "most of the big
  Mafiosi." Where would you begin? Would you go to your local library
  and ask to see "The Directory of Big Mafiosi"? Do you think such
  a directory exists? Do you think such a list exists anywhere? Let
  us assume that somehow you were able to obtain a list of "the big
  Mafiosi." What is your next step? Ah yes, the survey:

      Dear Mr. _________:

      In conducting a survey of the Big Mafiosi, it has come
      to our attention that you are a Big Mafioso. We would
      appreciate your cooperation in answering just three
      simple questions for us. The first two questions are for
      the purpose of verifying that you are properly in our
      survey. The third question is the subject of the survey.
      Please circle the correct answers:

      1. I hereby admit in writing that I am a member of the
      Mafia: Yes No.

      2. Furthermore, I am considered to be a Big Mafioso: Yes
      No.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
      3. My blood type is: O A B AB.

      If you do not know your blood type, we respectfully
      request that you see your physician, in order to learn
      it. While we know that your time is valuable, and while
      we hate to inconvenience you, we consider this survey to
      be quite important.

      Thank you very much for your cooperation.

  The assertion made by the authors about the blood types of the "big
  Mafiosi" is NONFALSIFIABLE. That is, there is no way that you could
  obtain the information to show that their assertion is incorrect.
  There is no way you could falsify it.

  If it is not falsifiable, then it is not a scientific claim. We
  will discuss falsification in more detail later.

  We did not have to dig far to learn that their statement might be
  reasonably correct. In their own book they state that "more people
  are Os than any other type" (39). Now let us look at the claimed
  personality of blood type O people. As with my analysis of the
  traits of the astrological signs, the contradictory characteristics
  are all there. You will find whatever applies to you:

  - Clear-sighted
  - Can lose perspective
  - Realistic
  - Escapes from reality when troubled
  - Can treat superiors well
  - Can't follow too well
  - Positive, idealistic
  - Tramples the less fortunate (49).

  I was all ready to put away "You Are Your Blood Type" and move on
  when some goodies in the chapter "The Type AB Personality" caught
  my eye. They are too much fun to pass up:

      Is it any surprise then that the most illustrious AB in
      history was Jesus Christ? Christ was identified as an AB
      type through chemical analysis of blood stains on the
      famous Shroud of Turin. . . . Amazingly, the shroud has
      withstood the most stringent scientific scrutiny. Some
      experts examining it have concluded that it may well be
      the shroud that was used to wrap the body of Jesus Christ
      following his execution on the cross (75).

  Read the words carefully: "SOME experts examining it have concluded
  that it MAY WELL BE. . . ."

  It may interest you to know that AT NO TIME did any significant
  portion of the scientific community accept the Shroud of Turin as
  being the shroud of Jesus Christ. As of now, it has been totally


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  discredited. It was an elaborate hoax. It was not the shroud of
  Jesus.

  One more:

      Unfortunately, the blood types of other great religious
      leaders remain unknown. But the odds are that the
      founders of the world's greatest religions like the
      Gautama Buddha, Mohammed, and mystics from St. Francis
      to Mahatma Gandhi were likely AB types (75).

  Do you wonder how they computed those odds? Well, I did, so I did
  a little arithmetic.

  When they say "mystics from St. Francis to Mahatma Gandhi," we may
  presume that perhaps they meant to include several in between.
  However, in order to bend over backwards to be fair to these
  authors, let us assume that section includes only St. Francis and
  Mahatma Gandhi. With that assumption, they named four persons of
  unknown blood type who "were likely AB types."

  According to their book, "The rarest of the four blood types, AB
  people make up only four percent of the American population" (74).
  While the proportion of blood types might vary from country to
  country, for want of a better figure, let us go with their four-
  percent figure.

  The probability of those four specific persons of unknown blood
  type all being type AB is four percent to the fourth power. That
  means that when they say that "the odds are" and that those folks
  all "were likely AB types," they are referring to a probability of
  less than three in one million (less than 3 in 1,000,000).

  Think about that. With their careless and completely unfounded and
  unsupported assertion, stating as an odds-on favorite and likely
  an event which has a probability of less than three in one million,
  how reliable do you consider their other completely unsupported
  assertions?

  [Note: "Don't Get Taken!" is scheduled for publication in late
  August, when the price will be $14.95 plus $2.00 P & H. For BAS,
  Bob is offering a special pre-publication price of only $12.00,
  postage free, provided your order is postmarked by August 31.
  (California residents please add sales tax.) Send your order and
  payment to: Wide-Awake Books, Box 659-B, El Cerrito, CA 94530.]


  ANTHROPOSOPHICAL MEDICINE II
  by Dan Dugan

  Anthroposophical medicine (AM) is a major activity of the cult of
  Rudolph Steiner (1861-1925). AM claims to run fifteen hospitals
  and hundreds of clinics in Europe. AM is a pseudoscience, relying

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  on revealed knowledge and homeopathic remedies. Respectability is
  obtained by requiring AM physicians to have a conventional degree
  before they receive AM indoctrination. The movement is growing out
  of dissatisfaction with medicine and the desire many people have
  for more personally involved health care. An AM clinic has opened
  in San Francisco in the heart of the Castro.

  My first report (March 1989 issue of "BASIS") told of a lecture
  given by a doctor Joop van Dam from Amsterdam, a hotbed of AM. He
  claimed there were reproducible scientific studies proving the
  extraordinary claims Steiner followers make for the influences of
  heavenly bodies on physical processes and the efficacy of
  homeopathic remedies. The evidence for celestial influences rests
  almost entirely on the work of Lilly Kolisko, who was appointed by
  Steiner to prove his assertions in the 1920's.

  Kolisko spent many years in arduous work, making experiments with
  inadequate controls and selecting data "hits" which, not
  surprisingly, were interpreted as verifying what Steiner had
  revealed through his self-proclaimed clairvoyance.

  After the lecture, I sent a request to Dr. van Dam for a copy of
  a recent paper that he said proved the effect of dilutions of an
  agent up to the 10 to the -23rd concentration. He replied with a
  paper from the Dept. of Anatomy and Embryology at the U. of
  Amsterdam, "Inquiry into the Limits of Biological Effects of
  Chemical Compounds in Tissue Culture," by Jan Diek van Mansvelt and
  Ferdinand Amons, published in Z. Naturforsch. 30 c, 643-649 [1975].

  In this study a standardized living tissue culture (murine
  lymphoblastic cell strain MB VIa) was treated with vanishing
  dilutions of mercuric chloride. The experiments were done in three
  series of about sixty repetitions each. The data show the obvious
  toxicity of the mercury compound up to the sixth 1/10 dilution
  (about 1 ppm).

  Thereafter the curve consists of minor random variations, as might
  be expected. The experimenters focussed on a very slight increase
  in toxicity seen in the 15th and 16th dilutions of all three
  series, the series showing no parallelism elsewhere in the high
  dilutions. They conclude that "the substantial indication towards
  some as yet unconceived phenomena needs further study." It looks
  like they're really stretching to find something to justify funding
  more work. I note that their controls, plain water, were not
  handled in the same way as the toxic dilutions, which were mixed
  and shaken.

  What is more significant is that the study doesn't prove what Dr.
  van Dam said in his lecture at all. First, the high dilutions of
  the toxic substance don't show the opposite (stimulating) effect
  on cell growth that homeopathic and AM doctrines predict. The only
  significant data goes in the wrong direction. Secondly the effect
  shown in the experiment is so small, about two or three percent,
  that even if it were verified, it would be of no practical use.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  It is a typical technique of pseudoscience to design an experiment
  which produces a lot of random data. The researcher can then pull
  some hits out of the data and claim that a positive conclusion has
  been made. Charts and graphs make it look scientific to the
  unsophisticated. In this case the story had been exaggerated into
  a proof by the time it reached its San Francisco audience.

  AM CLINIC OPENS IN S.F.

  On September 25, 1988, the Michael Medical Clinic opened, inside
  the offices of the Castro Medical Clinic. Castro Medical Clinic is
  run by Dr. Lisa Capaldini, who has some prominence as an AIDS
  expert. She would not discuss AM with me when I called asking her
  to clarify her position.

  The AM clinic is staffed by two licensed doctors, Robert Gorter,
  M.D., who is also a University of California S.F. faculty member
  doing AIDS research at S.F. General, and Inmaculata Marti, M.D.
  Both have received AM training in Europe. There is one other AM
  physician in California, in Fair Oaks, where the Waldorf (Steiner
  cult) teacher training college is. The clinic will offer general
  family practice, except for obstetrics. They hope to expand to
  their own facility in a couple of years, and to eventually build
  a hospital.

  I picketed the opening with a flyer headlined "Beware of Quack
  Medicine" and went on to say "This practice combines occult
  Christian mysticism with the remedies of homeopathy, a
  pseudoscience that has been thoroughly discredited. It appears that
  the clinic practitioners are sincere in their beliefs and intend
  to care for their patients in a spiritually uplifting way.

  This is likely to be helpful to some people, but for life-and-death
  decisions good intentions and magic aren't enough. People seeking
  assistance with health care deserve health services that have been
  proven safe, effective, and that are truthfully advertised. AM uses
  remedies proven useless, and makes false claims of a scientific
  basis." The flyer concluded with "Five Warning Signs of
  Pseudoscience:

  - It subordinates evidence to statements based on authority and
  revelation.
  - Its documentation is almost entirely limited to the special
  publications of its advocates.
  - Its central hypothesis is not subject to change in light of new
  data or demonstration of error.
  - It claims that success stories and testimonials prove its
  effectiveness.
  - Its claims are invalidated when subjected to scientific tests."

  I showed the flyer to Dr. Gorter before I started to hand it out.
  He asked how it could be quackery if in Europe there are larger AM
  hospitals than Moffitt or S.F. General, and national health and


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  insurance systems there pay for it. He is certain that his personal
  experiences validate AM theory.

  A dedicated patient followed me down to the street and raved
  obscenely at me for some time as I handed out flyers. He had been
  cured of migraine and bursitis. He said he'd brought many people
  to Dr. Gorter, and all of them had been helped, whereas he knew
  many people who had been hurt by conventional medicine. He warned
  me that if I hurt Dr. Gorter "my ass would be in a sling." I opined
  that I wouldn't mind if they called it the "Anthroposophical Faith
  Healing Center," but calling it a medical clinic was deceptive. He
  came back later to apologize for the threat.

  Many of the supporters there were faculty of the S.F. Waldorf
  School. A teacher reproached me: "With all the problems in America
  today, that you should end up here, as if this were one of the
  problems, is ludicrous." A board member of the school flamed "You
  are in a class with Lyndon Larouche."

  I handed out about 150 flyers to passers-by. Three people, after
  reading it, thanked me for doing it. A Ph.D. biologist said that
  the AM doctors he'd met in New York were closed-minded
  doctrinaires, but that Dr. Gorter was really doing scientific work.
  He said Gorter is doing clinical trials of the AM cancer drug
  "iscador" at SF General for UCSF. Gorter may be an exception, but
  I want to see the protocol for his experiments before giving him
  the benefit of the doubt.

  All the AM research I've seen so far has been woefully inadequate.
  Anthroposophical and scientific methods of inquiry are mutually
  exclusive. An amusing consequence of my flyer was a stern letter
  from the Walt Disney organization. I had used a drawing of Donald
  Duck without permission and someone had turned me in. I apologized
  and was let off.


  LOTTO BALONEY

  Madame Zollo will, for 35 bucks, give you winning lotto numbers.
  So will a host of other numerologists, psychics, seers, and
  charlatans eager to help you spread the wealth around. Of course,
  the wealth comes not from the lottery, but from the poor suckers
  who dump their money into schemes as worthless as the lottery
  itself.

  The number of lotto "support" enterprises has mushroomed
  alarmingly, and the legions of hopefuls who can ill afford the
  money they pump into the state crap shoot are often just as ill
  informed as they are broke. The dream of untold riches is a sop
  beyond which many cannot see. Methods touted as a short cut to find
  the formula for the winning numbers ignite the combined greed and
  gullibility of the hopeful and the hopeless.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  "BASIS" readers don't have to be told about the minuscule
  probabilities of winning the lottery -- the likelihood of even
  drawing a number from a given California city is very small. But,
  as a matter of interest, it might be useful for us to have some
  facts to give to someone contemplating a visit the to chambers of
  the Madame Zollos of this world. Just how good are the psychics and
  numerologists?

  Not even lukewarm, it turns out. But they are very good in giving
  us exactly what they say: nothing, if one carefully listens to the
  way they have their say.

  Typically, numerologists give GUARANTEED winning numbers. They
  don't promise THE winning lottery number. They give numbers,
  plural. For example, the August 1988 Lotto jackpot was $38 million
  for the winning number 14,19,25,33,46. That's really one number -
  - miss any digit and you don't win. Nor do you win if you have any
  permutations of the successful number.

  Numerologist Ellin Dodge, one of the more highly acclaimed in the
  trade, gave several of her clients the number 14. It was a
  "winning" number. If she had given the number 64, that is really
  46 reversed, so it is still a winning one.

  To further promote the scam and the illusion that some seer
  possesses the wisdom of the ages, the numbers are clearly separated
  by paragraphs (and promises), e.g., "Your birth number, 25, is
  lucky; your horizon number, 14, is significant." This mumbo-jumbo
  goes on for as long as the psychic wants to increase his or her
  chance of a hit. If any one of the numbers turns up as part of the
  actual lottery number, in any order, the patsy believes that his
  or her Magi are tapped into the astral plane. For all the schemes
  and quirks people have for picking their lucky numbers, the Quick
  Pick (a computer that does the job randomly) has by far the best
  record. Let the computer pick your number and you have a far better
  chance of winning.

  The clouds of superstition are still thick and choking. -- Ed.


  RAMPARTS

  [Ramparts is a regular feature of "BASIS", and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your local
  scene and send them to the Editor. If you want to add some comment
  with the submission, please do so.]

  The fabulous, self-indulgence capitol of California is again in
  the news. The "Corte Madera Journal" article on the Marin County
  "Brain Spa" found its way to the "New York Times" from which BAS
  advisor BILL BENNETTA clipped it for us.

  The story is about a new institute, the "Universe of You," founded

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  by Mr. Randy Adamadama (the name was given to him in a dream). What
  you do is get your brain "tuned up" at his institute. We need to
  take our cars in periodically, so why not our brains?

  The cost is a paltry $12. Plunk yourself down, don your "Synchro-
  Energizer" (a set of headphones through which "a combination of
  nature sounds and a New-Age piano version of `A Whiter Shade of
  Pale'" pours) and "a pair of goggles that flash rapid patterns of
  colored light like a kaleidoscope" and you are on your way to
  nirvana. Adamadama (Stevens, in real life) says that 45 minutes on
  the machine helps "synchronize the brain."

  We are accustomed to hearing the stories of miraculous results from
  the most frivolous contraptions, and this is certainly no
  exception. People report a host of salutary benefits: "Improved
  tennis game, euphoria, improved problem-solving, heightened self-
  esteem," and just about anything else you can imagine.

  Some patrons are so enthusiastic about the gizmo that they return
  as many as three times a day. (Which makes one wonder if there
  isn't something more to the machine. Something like the Orgasmatron
  in Woody Allen's "Sleeper.") Several say that they look forward to
  the time when they can pop into any supermarket for a quickie.

  The inventor of the apparatus, Denis Gorges, started a company to
  manufacture the equipment and then franchised the whole system
  [I've come to loathe anything called a "system." -- Ed.] around
  the country.

  The first thing science would like to know is how the thing works.
  In classic pseudosciencese, Gorges says, "We don't really know. I
  don't think the body is that knowable."

  If it makes money, well, who cares?

  As usual, those conspiratorial scientists pooh-pooh his machines.
  Dr. Douglas Goodin, assistant professor of neurology at USF Medical
  Center, doing research on the brain's response to light, said
  researchers are not aware of any health benefits that can be
  derived by watching flashing lights. Like most scientists, this
  narrow-minded medico replies, "There would have to be a theory
  about why this would work and then controlled experiments to test
  it."

  Gorges scoffs at the "lack of scientific data proving any
  measurable bene fit from the machine. He relies instead on the
  testimonials of the thousands of satisfied users. He is `results-
  oriented'." Be honest about it, Denis. You are dollar oriented.


  There's been a ton of speculation and rife accusations that the
  nation is being overrun with satanic cults and ritual murder. The
  "Geraldo" show on TV upped the ante several notches to the point
  that parents have put tremendous pressure on local constabularies

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  to seek and destroy these nests of satanism.

  Perhaps typical is the response of a Richmond, VA community. "The
  Richmond News Leader" ran a one-week series of investigative
  reports titled "Satanism, Menace or Myth?" to try to get to the
  bottom of the allegations. Widespread rumors circulated that human
  sacrifices, satanists masquerading as doctors and lawyers, and 8
  percent of the population were involved in satanic cults
  constituted the current state of affairs. Intensive investigation
  by the police and FBI failed to turn up so much as a thread of
  evidence for the hysteria.

  The sheriff's department Lt. Howard Wray called the whole thing
  "utter nonsense." Case after case of allegations by the rumor
  mongers turned out to be fanciful concoctions of overwrought
  whimsy.

  Patricia Pulling, a licensed private investigator who supports the
  satanism theory was asked by a reporter why she continues to
  believe sacrifices have occurred when there is no physical
  evidence. Take careful note of what follows -- it has to be an
  absolute classic of an excuse for lack of evidence.

  "The police find no evidence of sacrifices because Satanists are
  so skillful at cleaning up. No evidence can be evidence," she said.

  When asked how she determined that 8 percent of the populace was
  involved in satanism (that figures about 56,000 people in the
  greater Richmond area) she said her surveys report 4 percent of
  the youth and 4 percent of the adults. To the "Leader" reporter's
  perceptive observation that 4% of the youth and 4% of the adults
  makes 4% of the populace, not 8%, Ms. Pulling said, "It doesn't
  matter because 8 percent is probably conservative anyway."

  Ms. Pulling is also a very able champion of the argument-from-
  ignorance fallacy in logic. For us mere mortals, when we haven't
  an explanation for something we can only conclude we are ignorant -
  - we don't know. But the Mr. or Ms. Pullings of the world have
  their special twist of the rules and they deduce that since we
  don't know, we know: an unsolved child disappearance is solved
  because if there is no evidence that is evidence that the satanists
  did it. Ditto for all the unsolved murders.

  Of course the final report declaring that the whole flap is a pack
  of nonsense generated from the fertile imaginations of hysterical
  people was proof that the newspaper and law enforcement officials
  are part of the satanic conspiracy.


  Past issues of "BASIS" have carried the debate about the origin of
  the so-called face on Mars (Oct. '88 and Feb. '89). There is new
  information to bear on this important topic. Skeptic JOHN HEWITT,
  who wrote the Oct. '89 article for us critical of the Mars
  Project's interpretation, called to report the latest revelation:

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  A face on Venus, identical to the one on Mars down to the last
  airbrush stroke in the photos, had been recently discovered. This
  startling disclosure did not come through "Scientific American" or
  the like. The "News", a supermarket tabloid was John's source, but
  we're sure stuff like this couldn't get printed unless it were
  true.

  Now it begins to look as though those faces are proliferating all
  over the solar system like the ubiquitous Happy Face of a few years
  ago. This editor walked into Lucky's and saw the headlines: "FACE
  ON THE MOON! TOP SECRET STUNNER: IT'S IDENTICAL TO ONES ON MARS &
  VENUS" complete with a photo of the face. (The Mars Project prefers
  the distinguishing uppercase, "Face.") I bought the rag in the
  interest of science.

  On the inside is a photograph of the moon, and sure enough one can
  make out the face right in the center of a prominent crater. The
  image is so clear one may well wonder how we could have missed it
  for so long: a high-quality home telescope is capable of producing
  the resolution of the "News" photo.

  The "News" says the moon face is identical to the Mars face, but
  our rough calculations based on the size of the known crater would
  make the moon face about 55 miles long while its Martian brother
  is a paltry 1.5 miles. Since it can't therefore be identical it
  must at least be proportional for the pictures to appear to be
  identical. The Martian issue is about 1,200 feet at the nose which
  would make the moon replica near 44,000 feet!

  Those ancient astronauts were an industrious lot. We should not be
  surprised to find a similar face in the middle of Atlantis.


  OBIT MAKES NO NEWS

  [The following article is reproduced from the NCAHF NEWSLETTER,
  the National Council Against Health Fraud, Inc., of which BAS
  advisor Dr. Wallace Sampson is a coordinator. The work of the NCAHF
  has helped bring about important legislation in the control of
  health care in California. They deserve our support.]

  In July 1987, the parents of Sonja Boden went to court to fight for
  the privilege of treating their 17-year-old daughter, who had
  Hodgkin's disease, with "Macrobiotic Diet, acupuncture, massage and
  positive thinking." These inappropriate therapies were prescribed
  by Dr. Jewel Pookrum, a general practitioner with the Perfect
  Health Institute in Detroit.

  The judge granted the Boden's wishes as long as her disease
  remained in remission. Sonja's tumors had shrunk by 40% at that
  time which encouraged her parents. This improvement followed her
  first chemotherapy session which experts say is a common result of
  treatment. We later learned that Sonja's disease had progressed and

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  that her odds of survival had dropped from 85% to 50% due to delays
  in proper care.

  Sonja's obituary appeared in the 18 Nov. 1988 "Detroit Free Press."
  It was a sad little one-inch square item which was obscure in
  contrast to the large splash the front-page picture story was given
  under the headline "A chance to fight cancer their way." It seems
  that a story about taking on the "establishment" with unusual
  cancer treatments made a better news story than another teenager's
  death.

  If this tragedy had occurred in California, Pookrum would be
  subject to indictment under Health & Safety Code No. 1707.1, the
  state's excellent law which forbids health providers from utilizing
  unproven methods of cancer therapy unless they are responsible
  experimental programs that meet scientific requirements. NCAHF
  believes that every state should have such a law. It's the most
  effective anti-cancer quackery measure we are aware of.

  [Note: This law applies only to cancer treatment. There is no
  reason to think it ought not to be extended to other life-
  threatening ailments. We can all help by supporting the NCAHF and
  legislative efforts through contacts with our local
  representatives. -- Ed.]


  THE FAITH HEALERS

  Got a problem with some screaming faith healer in your
  neighborhood? Who you gonna call? DON HENVICK, who else? Don is
  something of a legend in his own time for his witty and tireless
  dogging the trails of the best faith healers money can buy.

  From Pasadena to Philadelphia, he has appeared among the afflicted
  throngs to be called out in the spirit and healed of every garden
  variety of malady. If he had accomplished little else -- and he
  certainly has done much more -- but put the miracle workers on high
  alert for fakes Don's efforts are a huge success. As it is, he has
  put the fear of God into most of them and driven one, Peter Popoff,
  nearly out of business.

  Don has received national attention for his work and, most
  recently, participated in a panel at the AAAS meeting in Chico, CA.

  Don will show excerpts from his many video tapes with the
  presentation of his experiences. This will be an interesting and
  surely amusing evening. Because we must pay for the meeting place,
  there will be a $3 suggested donation. See the Calendar for
  directions.

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the August, 1989 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1989 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
