{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T06:07:33Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 70025, "source_ctime_ns": 1790402831197135779, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-12.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790402831194053667, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-12.pdf", "source_sha256": "c9366ac631aa2040af022a55c9209af5c62f49d94d677f0b56d368c404ab49e7"}

----------------------------------------------------------
  December 1990 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ----------------------------------------------------------
          Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                 Vol. 9, No. 12
               Editor: Yves Barbero


  MARKETING RELIGION
  by Yves Barbero

  "We are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood.
  A holy nation, a peculiar people"
           -- from the distributed song sheet

  Halloween evening, at the Civic Center in San Francisco, took on a
  surreal atmosphere. Outside were the more extreme of the radical
  gays, costumed as much for the witching hour as for a political
  statement. If there were people there solely concerned with freedom
  of thought or religion, they stayed in the background.

  Inside, several thousand people had come to hear Larry Lea,
  self-proclaimed leader of a nation of prayer warriors, exorcise the
  evil spirits which plague the Bay Area. His claim to have the
  ability to fight the "Spirit of Perversion" is what triggered the
  demonstration outside.

  The press, meanwhile, had a clearly defined confrontation to report
  on. Sound-bites aplenty from both sides would fill the Eleven
  O'Clock news. "They're at it again folks!", implying that us
  "normal" folk could stay above the fray and have a good chuckle as
  the brave reporters, with only mikes to shield them, got the usual
  idiot statements from both sides.

  Austin Miles, author of "Don't Call Me Brother", said that Lea is
  relatively new on the national scene. He had not heard of him until
  recently although he follows the televangelists closely. "But,"
  Miles, an ordained preacher himself, added, "before he comes here
  to cast out the territorial demons [referring to the Spirit of
  Perversion (San Francisco), the Spirit of Murder (Oakland), the
  Spirit of the New Age (Marin), etc. -- ed.], he should cast out the
  Demon of Blasphemy from his home state of Texas where charlatan
  preachers who merchandise God originate and multiply!"

  Miles also pointed out that it is one of the underlying tenets of
  Fundamentalism that to attribute something to God which isn't true
  is blasphemy and under such a criterion, a lot of televangelists
  commit blasphemy regularly by promising cures for money and, Miles
  suggested, Lea belongs in that not-so select group.

  New on the block or not, Lea, headquartered in Rockwell, Texas,
  certainly has the organizational touch. He managed to get a lot of


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  free publicity with his outrageous statements, "...will quake
  Satan's camp at the San Francisco Bay Area Breakthrough." There was
  a plastic bucket at each end of the aisles in the Civic Center to
  be filled generously by the faithful. The book stalls were well
  stocked with attractively designed and expensive hardbacks and
  cassettes of all varieties. He managed to get the San Francisco
  tactical police squad to separate the sheep from the wolves and the
  few who got through the lines were quickly ejected by efficient
  "Rent-A-Cops" who looked as if they spent their off-time weight
  lifting (they were quite arbitrary, by the way, and a number of
  people were ejected for their "looks" or because they laughed or
  shouted at the wrong moment).

  Marketing seems to be the main doctrinal innovation of the Larry
  Lea Ministries. A brief thumb-through of his magazine, "The Cutting
  Edge", displays merchandise as prominently as the inspirational
  articles. In fact, the text in the articles referred to books and
  other merchandise in the slick catalog insert to the magazine. And
  they ain't cheap, folks!

  A number of volunteer pastors were on hand to keep the more
  excitable believers from serious confrontation with the
  merry-makers outside. [To] "...keep everybody calmed down," said
  one itinerant preacher from Alabama. In fact, despite some
  shouting, there was nothing to suggest that the Larry Lea
  Ministries wanted a physical confrontation.

  A number of believers said that being a "prayer warrior" meant they
  prayed for sinners. Not one suggested any sinister political agenda
  and there was no indication that they were briefed in any way by
  Lea's organizers. It was certainly the case that many, if not the
  majority, of believers came with local evangelical church groups (I
  went with a group from the Gateway Ministries who were most
  gracious in tolerating me) and had no intention of confronting
  anyone.

  The program started with music, very loud, well thought out, and
  with a variety of styles, including one "rap" number and lots of
  rock and roll. First, there was recorded music, soon followed by
  live music. I had to walk to the back because the amplification was
  hurting my ears. But for most, the music was appreciated and
  brought everyone together. The swaying and singing was
  electrifying.

  After forty-five minutes of this, Larry Lea walked on stage for the
  first of three nights of preaching (the protesters were only there
  the first night). I found him a disappointment and a bit of a
  second-rate Jimmy Swaggart in that he is a crier (for a sample,
  watch KFCB, Channel 42, 7:30 a.m. any day of the week). One woman,
  an unbeliever who had walked in because "I look straight", said she
  counted the word "blood" used 36 times in a five minute period.

  In this country, at least, established religion has made its peace
  (except for certain highly charged issues) with the fact that we

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  have a largely secular government. People like Larry Lea are mostly
  an embarrassment to them. When I participated in the writing of BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS' by-laws, I had that more traditional relationship in
  mind rather than a modern public relation or marketing approach to
  preaching. We decided that we would make no comment about religious
  dogma. After all, dogma is not a scientific or public policy issue.
  Since then, we've found a number of situations were we felt it
  necessary to speak up to protect the public or in cases when
  science was attacked (See Mark Hodes's excellent summary of this
  policy on page five).


  Religion has made alliances with government and commerce in the
  past and it usually worked against the public interest. Now,
  upstart religious groups are taking advantage of the uncertainties
  of our heterogeneous society to create in-groups without regard to
  the civil rights of minority segments of our population. They have
  cynically used the deep faith of many people to raise funds and
  create power bases. Their dogmas (when expressed) are chosen more
  for the strong emotions generated than a religious purpose. The
  preachers which come to the forefront are picked for their
  charismatic qualities rather than their intellectual
  accomplishments.

  If we have the right to expose psychics and fortune tellers,
  whether sincere or not, have we not the right to expose the
  methodology and tactics of those who claim religion? It is, of
  course, merely my opinion but as the Larry Leas of the world rape
  and pillage the emotions of decent people for a buck, we skeptics,
  whatever our own religious feelings, should take notice.


  THE ROLE OF SKEPTICISM IN MODERN SCIENCE AND IN
  UNDERSTANDING THE FLUORIDE PROBLEM
  by John R. Lee, MD

  [It is the policy of "BASIS" to allow individuals with
  controversial (and often debatable) scientific claims to express
  them as fully as possible. It is in this spirit that this piece is
  published. Readers are invited to comment.]

  Skepticism is inherent in modern science. Medieval science was
  dominated and controlled by obeisance to past authority, learning
  the wisdom (such as it was) of the ancients; in medicine, this
  meant following the teachings of second century Galen, one of whose
  dicta was that nervousness in a female stemmed from a wandering of
  her uterus (the "hyster"). Even today, we still have the word
  "hysteria." Independent research was forbidden and skepticism was
  strictly weeded out. Even simple anatomy and dissection of the dead
  was a criminal offense. Science, as we view it today, was
  stultified.

  With the advent of the Renaissance (14th - 16th centuries), science

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  was reborn with the underlying principle that skepticism is the
  avenue of progress. Rabelais, whose work we read today, in the
  early 1500's shattered with wit and ridicule the old tradition that
  truth emanates from rote learning of old teachings and gleefully
  championed the cause of open questioning and independent research.

  Galileo, while professor (1589-92) at the University of Pisa,
  initiated experiments concerning the laws of bodies in motion which
  brought results so contradictory to the accepted teachings of
  Aristotle that strong antagonism was aroused. In 1610, using a
  simple magnifying lens from Holland, he discovered four satellites
  of Jupiter and the phases of Venus leading to his acceptance of the
  Copernican theory of the solar system. For this he was denounced as
  a religious heretic and warned not to teach it.

  In 1633 he was brought to trial by papal authorities and forced to
  recant his beliefs and findings. Nevertheless, in 1638, he
  published his last book in which he restated his scientific
  contributions.

  Francis Bacon (1561-1626) led the movement in England that restored
  inductive reasoning and full and open investigation of evidence,
  which we now call the scientific method. It was not until 1843 when
  Mendel, an obscure Austrian monk working with garden peas,
  established the fact that genetic inheritance proceeded from both
  the female and male genders of breeding plants and animals.

  Today, we are comfortable with the concept that science means
  accurate observation of events, the forming of these explanatory
  hypothesis, and experimental testing of these hypothesis. It is
  understood that truth, in science, is not absolute but is merely
  more closely approximated. That which we regard as true means only
  that the hypotheses is not yet disproved. The findings in science
  are temporary way-points to future better hypotheses.

  Remnants of medieval scholasticism still abound, however, in our
  educational institutions. More than not, the good grades go not to
  the student who is skeptical of his teacher's pronouncements but to
  the student who faithfully reiterates them. Medical schools are
  classic examples of this art. Getting an "A" usually means the
  student repeated what the teacher wanted to hear.

  I well remember my first anatomy test when the only correct
  response to the fill-in question, "The inguinal canal is
  ____________," was an "an oblique passageway." When so much depends
  on getting good grades, the student quickly learns to still his
  skepticism and his independent questioning and acquiesce to the
  system of skillfully regurgitation of his superior's words. This
  system extends and becomes even more rigid in bureaucracies where
  job survival, not to mention advancement, depends on such skills.
  Our medical bureaucracies are no exception to this anti-scientific
  tyranny.

  The 50-year old fluoridation problem begs for the fresh air of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  skepticism to free it from the prison of bureaucratic intransigence
  which is its present abode. Lewis Thomas writes that the greatest
  medical discovery in the past two generation is the discovery that
  we know so little. He might well have added that so much of what we
  "know" is wrong, some way or another. The fluoride we use in
  fluoridation is a toxic waste product of industry. The older
  studies, on which fluoridation is based, were so poorly designed
  and performed that no competent scientist accepts them as credible.

  When Rand Corporation scientists conducted a fluoride literature
  review in 1981, they found systematic errors; yet not a whisper of
  it appeared in our news media. As consultant for a large test of
  school-based fluoride treatment programs, the Rand consultant
  concluded that the $60 million spent annually is money being "spit
  down the drain;" yet programs continue. All studies of the past two
  decades find that fluoridation provides no discernible dental
  benefit.

  Our National Institute of Dental Health recently investigated the
  fluoridation status and dental health of over 39,000 school
  children and announced that fluoridation reduced cavities by sixty
  percent. Yet, when the data are eventually obtained, no dental
  differences are found among the fluoridated, partially
  unfluoridated, and unfluoridated communities.

  The NIDH also claims no increase in dental fluorosis (an early sign
  of fluoride toxicity) in fluoridated communities and yet refuses to
  release their data to support that claim. When studies document the
  fact that our daily intake of fluoride (from our contaminated
  processed food supply and our fluoridated dentifrices) now greatly
  exceeds the so-called "optimal" level, our public health officials
  turn a deaf ear and refer the question to "experts in Washington.

  When even some public health dental health experts question the
  wisdom of fluoridation, they are quickly demoted, shunned by their
  colleagues, and silenced by their agencies. And, when expert
  medical witnesses testify to the toxicity of fluoride, it is
  promptly denied but not disproved. When rat studies illustrate this
  toxicity (rats are notoriously resistant animals), the fluoride
  bureaucracy floats the claim that rats are not proper test
  subjects. Does not all this harken back to the Dark Ages? When
  skepticism is silenced, science (and our health, in this case)
  suffers.

  At the BAY AREA SKEPTICS January meeting, I plan to review the
  scientific evidence concerning fluoridation. The pro-fluoride
  mind-set will be exposed as a throwback to medieval
  authoritarianism. The window to open this closed corner is
  skepticism. Let us throw open that window.

  [John R. Lee had a family practice in Mill Valley for thirty years
  and chaired the Marin Medical Society Committee on Environmental
  Health in 1972 which was charged with reviewing the pros and cons
  of fluoridation. He has a continuing interest in Environmental

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  Affairs and Preventive health.]


  ---------------------------------------
  | The Ten Most Accurate Psychics |
  | in the Bay Area and their             |
  |      Telephone Numbers.*                |
  |                           |
  |                           |
  |                           |
  |                           |
  |                           |
  |                           |
  |                           |
  |                           |
  |                           |
  |                           |
  | *These psychics have been tested |
  | and certified by BAY AREA SKEPTICS, |
  | and may be safely consulted.              |
  ---------------------------------------


  REPORTING TURNED HYPERBOLE
  by John A. Taube

  From a scientific point of view, the article "Healthy-Heart Guru"
  by Sylvia Rubin, San Francisco Chronicle, October 2nd, was a
  disappointment. It was not journalism or investigative reporting.
  It was a hype. It reeks with hyperbole and uses large graphics for
  illustrations. Its sole purpose was to ballyhoo yoga. The article
  was on a certain guru's method of yoga. Yoga has many paranormal
  phenomenon implications and to associate it with health can be
  confusing and, in some incidents, can be dangerous.

  As to good health, it is well established that lowering fat intake,
  adding fiber to one's diet, exercise, reducing stress and not
  smoking will lower one's chance of suffering a heart attack, along
  with other health benefits. The article describes in detail the
  various yoga exercises used that supposedly prevent heart attacks.
  But there is no scientific evidence that any of these yoga
  exercises, by themselves, has any preventative worth.

  Instead of hyping such practices, the article would have rendered
  better service to readers if it had suggested a scientific
  double-blind test to determine if yoga exercises have any
  significant health value whatsoever. This is not to suggest that
  people should not do yoga exercises. Question: If one forgoes these
  yoga exercises and concentrates on established practices of good
  health, will not the use of yoga be a waste of time? That very well
  might be. Furthermore, if one gets emotionally involved with yoga,
  might there not be a tendency to disregard good health practices?
  It is very probably so.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  From a scientific point of view, the article should have alerted
  people and put them on guard about the pitfalls of getting
  emotionally involved with yoga.


  [This is an article from the May 1986 "BASIS", an issue devoted to
  our expose, with magician James Randi, of "faith-healer" Peter
  Popoff.]

  BAY AREA SKEPTICS AND RELIGION
  by Mark Hodes

  BAY AREA SKEPTICS is a diverse organization. Our Board of
  Directors, consultants, and subscribers include men and women of
  differing religious and non-religious persuasions, persons
  affiliated with religious institutions and persons not so
  affiliated. The position of BAY AREA SKEPTICS on religion is,
  simply, that we have no position. The claims and attitudes of
  religious organizations and individuals, with few exceptions, are
  neither offered nor taken to lie in the domains in which scientific
  inquiry is effective or applicable. Therefore such claims generally
  do not engage our attention.

  Exceptions, however, do occur, and they fall into two overlapping
  categories:

  I. Religious claims whose proponents assert scientific
  justification for their truth.

  II. Religious claims that, if unchallenged, exact grievous societal
  costs.

  This is a touchy subject involving, at the least, highly subjective
  judgment, if not downright prejudice. Allow me to illustrate these
  categories with three specific examples:

  1. The Shroud of Turin is a paradigm for Category I. The Shroud is
  a linen wrap that surfaced in France in the 1350s, and carries an
  image supposed to have been scorched into the fabric by radiative
  emission from the crucified body of Jesus. In 1978 a team of dozens
  of American and European scientists subjected the Shroud to an
  impressive battery of sophisticated tests, and were widely reported
  to have proclaimed the Shroud authentic!

  Once the question of the Shroud's authenticity had entered the
  scientific literature, that question and earlier work on it became
  fair game for the critical evaluation that attends all surprising
  and significant results in science. The more surprising the
  outcome, the more meticulous and compulsive the scrutiny it
  receives. This is the conservative side of science, but note that
  this same scrutiny leads sometimes to the astonishingly rapid
  acceptance of those rare revolutionary ideas that stand up to it.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  As the purpose of this essay is not to review the Shroud
  literature, I refer you to the notes for further information.

  2. A topic that spans categories I and II is creationism, so-called
  Creation Science. Creationists offer what they profess to regard as
  empirical justification for their beliefs. This places them in
  Category I. However, they misrepresent the nature of their beliefs,
  seek to promulgate their dogma in public school classes, and pursue
  political means to effect this goal.

  The costs to society of weakening the science curriculum are
  manifold and manifest. In a broader context, the Constitutionally
  mandated separation of church and state is as crucial a safeguard
  as freedom of speech, and is a foundation of academic freedom. The
  case against creationism has been made elsewhere, and so I refer
  you again to the notes.

  3. The sensitive subject of faith healers falls squarely in
  Category II. Faith healers' numbers are legion, and their annual
  "take" is exceeded only by the extravagance of their claims. Peter
  Popoff, the subject of other articles in this issue [May, 1986], is
  not exceptional either in his apparently cynical exploitation of
  those who place their faith in him, nor in his apparent lack of
  regard for the unnecessary health risks to which his followers may
  be exposed.

  Here the connection with religion is wholly incidental. The
  substance of our criticism is not against anyone's religious
  beliefs, but what may be the use of stage magic of the mentalist
  genre, clothed as a religious service, to perpetrate possible
  medical fraud. Again, religion PER SE is not the issue.

  Certainly situations will arise in which our intuitions will differ
  as to whether to become involved. Ambiguity is among the usual
  costs of dealing with complex issues. My point is that BAY AREA
  SKEPTICS is neither antagonistic toward nor supportive of religion
  in general, or the religious beliefs of individuals in general. We
  do take interest in controversial subjects that enter the
  scientific literature, and in areas where the penalties for
  uncritically holding beliefs are unconscionably severe.
  -----
  Notes:

  1. A good place to start reading about the Shroud of Turin is "The
  Skeptical Inquirer," vol. VI, #3, Spring, 1982. This issue contains
  carefully researched articles by Maavin M. Mueller and Steven D.
  Schafersman, each including a large bibliography.

  2. For the case against creationism I suggest Godfrey, Laurie R.
  (ed.), "Scientists Confront Creationism," W.W. Norton & Co., New
  York, 1983. This volume, introduced by Richard C. Lewontin,
  contains essays by 15 distinguished scientists, including Stephen
  Jay Gould. The essays carry individual bibliographies, and the
  collection includes a detailed cumulative index.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  AUERBACH IN BUSINESS

  Loyd Auerbach, who holds a master's degree in parapsychology from
  John F. Kennedy University* in Orinda, has opened a New Age
  business with his partner Christopher Chacon in Orinda, according
  to the "San Francisco Chronicle" (10-29-90).

  For twenty-five smackers an hour, they will remove any loose
  poltergeists from the premises. The "Office of Paranormal
  Investigations", located in Orinda, is only the second such
  business in the U.S. according to the Chronicle.

  Readers will remember Auerbach for the entertaining lectures he
  presented to BAY AREA SKEPTICS in the past. It is hoped his clients
  are just as entertained when they whip out their checkbooks. Don't
  forget to ask about the warranty should you make use of their
  services.

  *The CATHOLIC CHURCH has long opposed traffic in the paranormal. It
  must be a wonderful irony that a school named after one of their
  most prominent members issues such degrees.


  Book Review
  PAINTED BLACK, by Carl A. Raschke. Harper & Row, 1990. Hardcover,
  276 pages, $16.95.
  by Shawn Carlson, PhD

  For the last ten years, communities throughout America have
  suffered at the hands of profiteers of the irrational who see the
  Devil under every quilt and cornerstone. Churches have been burned,
  minority religions harassed, and millions of tax dollars wasted in
  efforts to expunge a non-existent "satanic conspiracy" from our
  lives. And just when it seemed that the fires of anti-satanic
  hysteria couldn't burn any hotter, along comes another tanker of
  kerosene in the guise of Carl Raschke's new book, "Painted Black".
  In it, Raschke lands a firm clout on the jaw of reason by hailing
  Satanism as the force behind child abuse, teen suicide, and drug
  addiction.

  Despite Raschke's position as a professor of religious studies at
  the University of Denver, the text is bursting with sloppy research
  and fuzzy thinking. Howling errors and half truths leap off every
  page. Raschke messes up even the simplest facts. He refers to the
  "Ordo Templi Orientis", an extremely well known occult group, as
  the "Ordo Templi Orentalis" (p. 92 and index). Practitioners of the
  "Palo Mayombe" religion call themselves "Paleros," but Raschke
  invents the awkward "Palomayombists" (p. 11) and misrepresents
  their beliefs.

  During an interview on KGO Radio in San Francisco, he even

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  mispronounced the name of the most infamous figure in twentieth
  century occultism -- Aleister Crowley -- and then dismissed a
  caller's correction, saying, "you must be a follower of [Crowley]
  if you know how to pronounce [his name]." Not true, Carl -- people
  with only a passing knowledge of the occult get it right.

  Raschke's retort to the caller illustrates his tactics; he prefers
  intellectual bullying to persuasive reason. "Painted Black" bullies
  with a clever trick -- it barrages the reader with many unbroken
  sequences of one paragraph summaries of newspaper stories with
  recount reported satanic horrors. The word "item leading each such
  paragraph produces a dramatic impact -- looking over these pages
  the reader sees "Item ... Item ... Item ... Item ... Item ..." for
  page after page giving the impression that satanism is running
  wild.

  But Raschke doesn't help his readers think critically. In the
  chapter, "Bad Moon Rising," for example, Raschke presents 41
  separate "Items" without a single citation and neglects to mention
  that some of the stories are over ten years old. An appendix does
  contain a list of "sources" used in each chapter, but Raschke
  covers his tracks by listing these alphabetically (sometimes by
  title, sometimes by author) with no way of telling which, if any,
  relate to a given "item." Worse, Raschke apparently didn't follow
  up any of these reports, as though he just believed them to be
  complete and accurate. In fact, newspaper accounts are rarely such.
  I've found that most newspaper stories of "satanic crime" are more
  often due to the reporter's ignorance of minority religions and
  cultures than to Devil-worshiping cultists.

  Raschke puts nothing in context. He talks of the rising satanic
  tide but doesn't mention that of the 100,000 murders committed in
  the U.S. over the last five years, fewer than 100 involved occult
  or satanic overtones and most of these were committed by mentally
  disturbed adolescents who were doing violence years before they
  took up the occult.

  Raschke makes much of the tragedy in Matamoros, Mexico in which the
  leader of a drug running cult ritually sacrificed fifteen people in
  order to obtain Magickal [sic] control over the police. But Raschke
  doesn't report that to find another example of ritual human
  sacrifice one has to go to Cuba over eighty years ago. In fact,
  according to the FBI, there hasn't been a single documented case of
  a stranger being abducted and ritually murdered in the United
  States in U.S. history.

  So where does Raschke get his information? In his preface he thanks
  one Dale Griffis "for his mentoring and Avuncular oversight" (p.
  X). He borrows heavily from "Dr." Griffis' materials throughout the
  book, lauds him as a "leading expert in the investigation of occult
  crime" (p. 76) and even uses his endorsement on the book's back
  cover. But Raschke omits the fact that "Dr." Griffis is a one man
  anti-satanic crusade whose degree is from an unaccredited diploma
  mill and whose work has never been considered reliable by serious

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  researchers.

  Raschke's material on Jayne Mansfield comes from May Mann, who
  wrote "Jayne Mansfield: A Biography" after Jayne's ghost supposedly
  returned from the grave demanding that Mann complete the biography.
  How much of this work was dictated by the ghost is unclear. Raschke
  acknowledges the ethereal connection (p. 199), then uses the book
  as the definitive source on Mansfield's involvement with the Church
  of Satan. Many of Raschke's other sources are equally dubious.

  It's not that good information isn't available. Many skilled
  researchers have investigated satanic crime. Yet Raschke dismisses
  or ignores the Justice Department, the FBI, The National Child
  Safety Council, and numerous scholars and police officers as "cult
  apologists." When he singles out a detractor by name, Raschke can
  be extremely vicious, even petty, in his attacks. For instance,
  referring to FBI special agent Ken Lanning, Raschke writes "...
  satanist criminals have had one of their best friends ... at the
  highest level of national law enforcement" and opines that
  Lanning's paper, "Satanic, Occult, Ritualistic Crime: A Law
  Enforcement Perspective", is "written with the literacy, the
  research sophistication, and the rhetorical finesse of a high
  school sophomore" (p. 75).

  According to Raschke, Lanning's paper consists of "volley after
  volley of emotional diatribe, innuendo, non sequitur, glittering
  and unsupported generality, and bogus appeal to his own authority
  [as an FBI agent]" (p. 75). In fact, Lanning's report, with its
  solid reasoning and clear command of the facts, earned him the
  respect of his colleagues and cemented his position as a premier
  authority on Satanic crime. After Raschke finishes his sophomoric
  tirades, he goes on to systematically misrepresent Lanning's ideas.

  In short, "Painted Black" is a masterpiece of the new "satanic"
  McCarthyism. Horribly researched and hysterically reasoned, it sets
  new standards in panic mongering. Although its unclear how many
  people will be hurt by the social scares it is sure to generate,
  one thing is certain -- "Painted Black "is the EXXON VALDEZ of
  rational journalism. Some American communities will be years in
  recovering from Harper & Row's decision to publish it.

  [Physicist Shawn Carlson works at Lawrence Berkeley Labs, is the
  science columnist for the national "Humanist" magazine and is on
  the Board of Directors of Bay Area Skeptics]


  THE SKEPTIC'S ELECTRONIC BULLETIN BOARD
  => 2400 Baud, 415-648-8944
  => 24 hours, 7 days a week
  => Rick Moen, Sysop


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  Letter to the Editor
  REPLY TO HEARN
  from Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D.

  Walter Hearn ("BASIS", Nov. '90) has commented on my letter in the
  October "BASIS". He sees very little similarity between ASA's
  [American Scientific Affiliation] statement of faith in God as the
  creator of the physical universe, and the same statement by
  "scientific creationists" that God created everything between 6,000
  and 20,000 years ago. I said that ASA and ICR [Institute for
  Creation Research] had similar requirements for a Statement of
  Faith, and this is indeed the case. The number of years has nothing
  to do with the identical religiosity of the affirmations.

  I said that his attack on William Provine was unprovoked, and he
  says that because Provine has a personal credo that the universe
  cares nothing for us, therefore this is a religious statement, and
  therefore Provine's name should be brought in. But Provine's
  statement is the antithesis of religion.

  Hearn tips his hat to pro-creationist [Robert] Root-Bernstein and
  then, in an obscure passage, quotes Judge [William R.] Overton as
  saying "evolution does not presuppose the absence of a creator or
  God," and Hearn says that "when it DOES, it has become scientism."
  But Overton said that evolution did NOT make this presupposition!
  Whom is Hearn rebutting? Certainly not me.

  Hearn then shows his incomprehension of molecular evolution: he
  says that "in tracing `disappeared' children in Argentina,
  molecular evidence of descent is not `overwhelming' beyond a couple
  of generations." But this has nothing to do with the identical
  hemoglobin sequences of humans and chimpanzees. The sequences of
  humans and rhesus monkeys are five percent, of humans and cows
  sixteen percent different, and so on.

  So we infer from this and other evidence that humans and
  chimpanzees had a recent common ancestor, and there was a less
  recent common ancestor for human, apes and monkeys. Please, please,
  W. Hearn, read "Hemoglobin" by Dickerson and Geis (1983). Do more
  reading and less soliloquizing! And less misquoting; I did NOT say
  that "in the days of Darwin, T. H. Huxley and Bishop Wilberforce
  many people thought evolutionary biology had settled the basic
  questions." I said, "the common ancestry question [of humans and
  apes] was settled in the days of Darwin, T. H. Huxley and Bishop
  Wilberforce."

  It is appalling that "Teaching Science in a Climate of Controversy"
  has been distributed to tens of thousands of schools when one of
  its co-authors, Hearn, has such confused ways of thinking and
  writing that are reflected in its text. The picture on the front
  cover of the publication mirrors Hearn's own bewilderment.

  [THOMAS H. JUKES is professor of Bio-physics at UC Berkeley and has
  done extensive research in molecular evolution. He is a long time

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  advisor to BAY AREA SKEPTICS.

  "Teaching Science in a Climate of Controversy" will be reviewed in
  an upcoming issue by a high school biology teacher. "BASIS"
  welcomes other reviews of this book, both pro and con.]


  "The court would never criticize or discredit any person's
  testimony based on his or her religious beliefs. While anybody is
  free to approach scientific inquiry in any fashion they choose,
  they cannot properly describe the methodology used as scientific,
  if they start with a conclusion and refuse to change it regardless
  of the evidence developed during the course of the investigation."

                     -- JUDGE WILLIAM R. OVERTON
                       Quoted from "Voices for Evolution" (1989)
                       Betty McCollister, editor


  Book Review
  "KHRUSHCHEV: THE YEARS IN POWER" by Roy A. Medvedev and Zhores A.
  Medvedev (Norton, 1978), 198 pages $6.95.
  by Yves Barbero

  Why a book review on a Soviet leader in these pages? Because the
  book spends about a third of its pages on the disastrous
  agricultural policy of the Nikita S. Khrushchev years and much of
  this policy was because of the power of one Trofim D. Lysenko.

  To be sure, the book is a political analysis of the Soviet
  government of the time by Roy A. Medvedev, a dissident historian of
  some talent and repute. It's a damn good one too. His brother,
  Zhores, was a biochemist living in London at the time of
  publication with a clear interest in the agricultural and science
  policy of his native land. He was in a unique position to access
  Western sources as well as Soviet sources through his brother, Roy,
  then living in Moscow.

  Khrushchev, largely remembered in the US for a shoe pounding
  incident in the UN, started, in fact, as a reformer. He'd had some
  success with agriculture so he became head of the Soviet Union. He
  brought Joseph Stalin down from his pedestal as a godling and began
  the long rehabilitation process of officials and individuals who
  had been disgraced. This was necessary, the Medvedev brothers point
  out, for the nation to come out of its political and social freeze.
  For this, Khrushchev became well loved. Unfortunately, he used this
  reservoir of trust to exercise dictatorial power.

  This may have been useful in reducing a reluctant and powerful
  military establishment but when it came to agriculture, "Without
  any education in agronomy and never having seriously examined
  Lysenko's bizarre theoretical ideas about heredity, Khrushchev

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  quickly fell under Lysenko's influence and, in various addresses
  and reports, supported Lysenko in the latter's disputes with
  scientific opponents. In 1961, Lysenko was reinstated as President
  of the Academy of Agricultural Sciences and M. A. Olshansky, his
  close friend and associate, became Minister of Agriculture of the
  Soviet Union" (p. 132).

  The disaster of Soviet Agriculture, from which, a generation later,
  it has not yet recovered, cannot be laid completely on Lysenko's
  door. Khrushchev's sudden changes in policy had much to do with it.
  But Lysenko was responsible for a great deal of it. The book gives
  a blow by blow description of what can happen when individual
  scientists take on political power and manage to suppress their
  opposition (Remember Ronald Reagan's support of Creationism once
  he'd been approached by Creationists with a key to the back door of
  the White House? How about Edward Teller's support of Star Wars, a
  scientifically dubious (and costly) project at best? Yes, Virginia,
  it can happen here!).

  That political pressures affect science cannot be denied. We see it
  every day. Powerful groups can determine policy. Research on
  embryos is restricted because of religious and ethical objections.
  AIDS research is helped by the support of the Hollywood
  establishment and hindered by fundamentalists. Cancer research
  (morally neutral) has important support since it is frightening to
  the middle class, which is likely to live long enough to contract
  it. So it is reasonably well financed.

  Basic science, suffers because it is not in the public mind.
  (Curiously, popularizers of basic science such as Sagan, Gould and
  Asimov seem to get only grudging acknowledgment from the PhDs of
  the line.) All in all, for all our problems, we are better off than
  nations with dictators since scientific policy is not suddenly
  reversed every time there's a change in leadership.


  CALENDAR
  December meeting...
  POT LUCK PARTY
  Kate Talbot's House, 479 Ebken, Pacifica, 359-5555
  Sunday, December 9, 1990, 5 pm

  Bring a "pot" of salad, main course, or dessert, and optionally
  BYOB.

  Directions: From CA Rte. 1, west on Fassler and first left on
  Ebken.

  Watch for coming events in the BAS CALENDAR, or call 415-LA-TRUTH
  for up to the minute details on events. If you have ideas about
  topics or speakers, leave a message on the hotline.

  WARNING: We STRONGLY URGE that you call the hotline shortly before

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  attending any Calendar activity to see if there have been any
  changes.


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  "BASIS" STAFF:
  Yves Barbero, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Wilma Russell, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation;
  Kate Talbot, meeting coordinator; John Taube, media watch.


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  The above are selected articles from the December 1990 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1990 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 12.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
