{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T06:34:28Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 58681, "source_ctime_ns": 1790404454763446744, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-03.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790404454760970918, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-03.pdf", "source_sha256": "f5a9806dbb938798ab21126e4744692017e2c1130a4ad112f1ec8efd4ad15843"}

-------------------------------------------------------
  March 1987 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 6, No. 3
              Editor: Kent Harker


  STEINER IN THE TRENCHES
  By Thren Kerak

  If a picture is worth a thousand words, a demonstration is worth
  a book. Mr. BAS himself, our own inimitable Bob Steiner, wowed the
  public in a tour de force at the San Mateo Neighborhood Watch Assn.

  This all started when Bob was invited to talk to the San Mateo PD,
  specifically their Bunko Squad. The veterans of the department were
  apparently skeptical that they could be fooled in anything, so
  widespread was their knowledge and experience. Steiner just knocked
  their sox off -- they were so impressed that they asked him to give
  a similar demonstration to the NWA, whose members are naturally
  interested in scams. Bob invited me to the proceedings as a BAS
  representative.

  Bob was introduced with glowing plaudits to an audience of about
  200 -- the normal turnout is around 50. Our resident Merlin
  introduced his presentation with a distinction between bunkum and
  bunko, and then asked all those who believed in ESP to raise their
  hands. He then performed some stunning card illusions that left the
  folks breathless.

  A sweet little Sr. Citizen sitting next to me said, "I noticed you
  didn't raise your hand about belief in ESP. What do you think NOW?"
  I just smiled at her and told her to wait awhile.

  Bob had distributed some "Bunkum Bucks" (his home-made funny money)
  which members of the audience used to bet on some card
  demonstrations he ran. The heavy losses shocked the players who
  thought they had a sure thing. The display was sobering for just
  how easily we, as Mr./Mrs. Average Streetpersons, can be separated
  from our money. Bob extended the illusions to things that purport
  to take control of our lives outside our own power, which would
  include "psychics," of course.

  The final act was a "psychic" surgery demonstration. The sustained,
  warm applause at the conclusion of the evening was a rousing
  approval of the subject treatment in general and Robert Steiner in
  particular.

  The little lady? I asked her what she thought about ESP at the end.
  "I'm really going to have to seriously think about that again. I
  had no idea it would be so easy to mislead me!"


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  I reflected on the evening on my way home. How many discussions
  would it have taken with that woman for her to review her own
  thinking? What and how many books could she be pressed to read to
  see another side? If she had witnessed a debate between psychic
  and skeptic how might she have been effected? It is clear that
  Bob's entertaining, hour-and-a-half demonstration substantially
  moved 200 minds. It was equally clear to me that all the other
  methods of influence pale by contrast. THAT is an accomplishment
  to behold.

  Bob's force and talent are sought more and more for balance in psi
  matters. BAS credits are growing in scope and stature in the Bay
  Area with every major TV and radio station requesting Bob's
  appearance. The voice of the Bay Area Skeptics is no longer a voice
  in the wilderness. We don't have the quantitative role that "the
  other side" has, but the wallop we pack is sharp, thanks mostly to
  Robert Steiner.


  BAS CALENDAR: MARCH
  MARCH MEETING: "Parapsychology and Skeptics: Searching For Common
  Ground" Topics will include: What is the public perception of
  parapsychology? How skeptics and parapsychologists can correct
  misconceptions; Misconceptions about parapsychology; legal battles.
  Loyd Auerbach, parapsychologist, author, lecturer, and instructor
  at John F. Kennedy University will address BAS on this interesting
  and important subject.

  TIME: Wednesday, April 1, 8pm.
  PLACE:JFK University, 201 Altarinda Rd, Orinda.
  DIRECTIONS: From S.F., take highway 24 to Orinda exit, turn left
  at the bottom of the exit, then right at the next light. Go thru
  the next light uphill (about 100 yards) and the university is on
  the right side. From Concord, go highway 24 to the first Orinda
  exit and take the first right. The rest of the directions are the
  same after that.
  NOTE: If you have ideas about locations for future meetings or
  possible topics and/or speakers, please leave a message for Larry
  Loebig on the LA TRUTH hotline (415-528-7784).
  COMING: Watch for coming events in the BASIS CALENDAR, or call LA
  TRUTH for up-to-the-minute details on meetings, events, etc. Send
  all materials for publication to The Editor, Box 32451, San Jose,
  CA 95152. All other correspondence should be addressed Bay Area
  Skeptics, Box 60, Concord, CA 94522.
  WARNING: We STRONGLY RECOMMEND that you check our LA TRUTH hotline
  shortly before attending any Calendar activity to see if there have
  been any changes since publication of BASIS. Thanks!


  SAY GOOD NIGHT, GRACIE
  by Don Henvick


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  I'm sitting around minding my own business one night in June when
  Bob Steiner calls. "Another faith healer is coming to town. Can you
  do your thing?" I say yes and ask what he knows about it. "Not
  much," he says. "This one is called Amazing Grace, and she is
  coming on AM San Francisco tomorrow to do her routine, whatever it
  is, then I'll come on and show it's a lot of hooey if we can get
  some evidence. Everybody says it's a lousy deal for me, but if you
  go with me and get called out it would be great."

  "You're right," I say. "It's going to be hard to make something on
  her with such short notice. I may be five for five, but my luck
  can't last forever. I'll try, but I'm not real hopeful."

  It's time to set up costume and makeup (as I make a note to change
  my phone number so Steiner can't find me again the next time a
  faith healer blows into town) -- old man with a cane should do the
  job.

  Next morning I mingle with the crowd in the waiting room. I find
  out only later that some of Grace's staff were also mingling. I
  find out that almost all the people there have been invited by
  Grace to come and be healed. We've walked into a hornet's nest.
  Thanks Bob. (He's in the green room with fingers crossed.)

  The show starts. Terry Lowry introduces Grace, who sings, then
  starts healing. She does semi-cold readings, warmed a bit by info
  gleaned by her staff, but mainly by throwing out symptoms and
  seeing who catches them.

  I don't talk. I don't move. I don't nod. But I smile at her till
  my face feels like it will crack. That's enough. She throws "pain
  in the left side" at my part of the audience buy nobody catches
  it. She throws again. Still nobody catches. Finally she points to
  me and says, "I believe it's this man here. You? Even though you're
  not saying anything." She has me come up, heals me and throws my
  cane away -- my cane budget just took another jolt. I ask her how
  she knew about me and she says, "It's called the word of knowledge.
  It's a small inner voice from God." As I take my seat she says, "I
  don't know you, do I. (No) All right, then so how do we know this?"
  All agree it's that doggone Word of Knowledge. I figger it's
  obvious since she's picked me. Silly me.

  Meanwhile, back in the green room, Steiner sees me picked and he
  jumps up and down in his chair, happy as a pig in slop. A show
  staffer comes in to say somebody watching has called in to say that
  the "old man" was the same one healed on Peter Popoff's show months
  ago. Boy, sharp eyes! Bob begs him to zip his lip and then settles
  back to wait 'till he's to go on.

  During a break, Terry asks me why I waited so long before admitting
  I was the one Grace was talking about. I say I wanted her to be
  sure in her own mind that the Holy Spirit and not anything I did
  caused her to pick me. Everybody smiles. Next break Terry says a


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  skeptic is coming on who doesn't believe in this and won't I have
  something to tell him? "I sure will!" I say. Everyone smiles.

  Bob comes on the show and asks Grace just two questions: "How do
  you select who to heal here?"

  "By God," comes her answer.

  "Is God ever wrong?" he queries.

  "Never!" the reply.

  Bob has me come forward to say I had nothing to be healed of and
  Terry Lowry's jaw falls to the floor. Grace, however, makes a quick
  recovery and announces she knew all along I was a plant, she just
  never got around to mentioning it to anyone. Then she claims I
  jumped up and said "It's me!" to the question she threw out, so I
  urge them to run the tape back. When they do it's plain that I
  haven't stood up or spoken, but since the camera isn't on me all
  the time, Grace now claims I was nodding my head (not true) and
  Terry announces the tape is inconclusive. Ya can't win.

  Bob presses with the Grace believers and points out the facts:
  Grace claims God directs her choice of healees, so either God is
  wrong or Gracie is wrong. He also points out that the true
  believers jump up and select themselves when Grace calls some
  symptoms like theirs and when they think they're better it only
  proves the placebo effect is alive and well. We hope it's plain to
  the TV audience that several things claimed by Grace were
  contradicted by the events of the show and nothing Bob says was so
  contradicted. The audience of Grace fans, however, is a lost cause.
  As far as they're concerned, Bob is the devil, so whatever he says
  can't be true.

  Amid all the heat and smoke, he contributes the only light. When
  the battle ends, they're left with their faith and we have the
  facts. I'll take the facts.


  CSICOP CONFERENCE

  The annual international conference of CSICOP will be held this
  year in Los Angeles at the Pasadena Center. Some of the topics will
  include ETI, Animal Language, Medical Controversies, Astrology, and
  Spontaneous Human Combustion.

  The slate of speakers is impressive. Each year sees attendance grow
  and the significance of the work of CSICOP flourish.

  Mail your registration to: 1987 CSICOP CONFERENCE, P.O. BOX 229,
  BUFFALO, NY 14215. You can send check or Visa in the amount(s) as
  follows: $75.00 per person (includes Keynote Address) and $29.00
  for Awards Banquet. The time is almost here, so set your plans now!

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  If you want additional information, write CSICOP at the same
  address and they will send you a formal registration form.


  RAMPARTS

  The "L.A. Times" tells us about a Ruth Norman, a.k.a. "Uriel" (an
  acronym for Universal, Radiant, Infinite, Eternal Light) who
  founded the Unarius Academy of Science which claims 10,000 members
  around the world. The hub of her world-wide organization is in El
  Cajon (near the Institute for Creation Research), so you see, not
  all zanies are in San Francisco. Although a grade-school dropout,
  Uriel has an impressive list of credentials as you shall see.

  The 86-year-old founder accepts monthly contributions from her
  followers in return for "cosmic world teaching" for what she calls
  "the dawning of the age of Unarius." The grateful converts have
  typically shucked all semblance of rational behavior if Gordon and
  Decie Hook are examples. The pair claim that their lives have
  completely changed because of Unarius. Mrs. Hook could not drive
  a car, work, or stay off the sauce, and was on the verge of being
  committed when she found Unarius.

  Ah, yes. The "total change of life." It has almost become a cliche.
  EVERYTHING totally changes lives anymore. Shopping at K-Mart will
  totally change your life.

  Seems Uriel has really been around. Among her "55 other lives" she
  was Socrates, Buddha, Charlemagne, King Arthur, Mary Magdalene (her
  late husband was Jesus) and Peter the Great! I told you
  credentials? Apparently if chronology is unimportant, historicity
  certainly should be. If fictional characters are a part of the play
  she might have had a role as Snow White or Hera. Modern psychology
  should have a clearer understanding of multiple personalities now
  because Norman is certainly not the first to have claimed these
  illustrious bodies. With all that activity in those high-powered
  lives, what ever happened to our "eternal rest?"

  Additionally, the anonymous of history are give short shrift. Have
  you ever heard a past lifer say he/she was Millard Frump? Oh give
  me oblivion!

  The only significant item in the article was that CSICOP was
  mentioned. Media people are calling on us. We are having an impact.
  There is hope.

  In the meantime, Ruthie has declared that 2001 is the year in which
  a fleet of UFOs will land near San Diego. Tuck this prophecy away
  in your scrapbooks.

  The "Chronicle" reported from the North Counties that the Twin-
  Cities PD had used the services of a "psychic" in a frustrating
  rape/murder case. BASIS reader, Dr. Arnold Knepfer, a member of the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  psychology dept. of Sonoma State contacted the Chief for details
  after the "Chron" article appeared.

  It seem that the investigation had ground to a halt after a year
  of fruitless leads. Of course, local newspapers featured some of
  the dealings in the case especially descriptions of the suspect,
  so nothing earthshaking can be determined about whatever the
  "psychic" said in this realm.

  The statement the psychic made that apparently turned the formerly
  skeptical heads of the department was, "What does this have to do
  with a telephone pole?" The victim worked for a private phone
  company and was installing phone lines in a remodeled shopping
  complex when the crime occurred.

  This is classic "cold reading" technique: Throw something out and
  see if it sticks -- let the subject read what he/she will into it.
  No one bothers with a dozen misses if I hit one single thing. Had
  the psychic said, "What does this have to do with bells?" the
  result would be the same. One can hardly go wrong.

  BAS does not wish to cast any aspersion on the Twin Cities PD at
  all. They were frustrated and angry. There is little harm in trying
  anything after all the work they had done. If any real harm is done
  it was done by the news release. Another "psychic" has a
  "validation" to show to his/her potential client. And what a juicy
  validation: "Psychic Helps Twin Cities PD Solve Crime."

  From the "Chron", skeptic John Taube responds to a Mr. Kemppe's
  fears that "asking questions about the Hubble space program would
  risk drawing the wrath of the scientific community." John responds,
  "His [Kemppe's] fears are unfounded. The scientific community is
  not disturbed by Kemppe's narrow consideration. He is engrossed
  with one thought: what financial benefits will the Hubble Space
  Telescope Program render to mankind. I would recommend he broaden
  his horizons. If the same question had been asked about the
  scientific research of Copernicus, Galileo, Kepler, Newton, et.
  al., and their research was based on a financial criterion, then
  all would have been stopped in their tracks. Not all scientific
  knowledge sees fruition in applied science [At least not at the
  moment. Often we see the applications later - Ed] but all adds to
  our rich cultural heritage."


  BARGAIN OF THE YEAR

  by Bob Steiner

  Sylvia Brown:
  Business Consultation, One Session $600.00
  Past Life Regression, One Session $500.00
  Psychic Reading, One Session $400.00


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  Bay Area Skeptics:
  Subscription for an Entire Year            $15.00


  FROM THE CHAIR
  by Robert Sheaffer

  This month's column is a continuation of last month's, giving the
  responses to the readers' survey in last November's issue.

  8. What Kinds of Things Would You Like to See in Future Issues?

  "Prefer 'hard news' to essays".

  "More 'how it's done' on psychic 'miracles'". There are problems
  here. First, magicians have an understandable reluctance to
  publicize their tricks outside the circle of other magicians (and,
  of course, magicians and "psychics" share many of the same tricks).
  Also, "psychics" may perform a particular miracle in one of a dozen
  ways, and may do it differently each time. Thus, if we say "Uri
  Geller does trick X by using Y", somebody will see him do X a
  different way, when Y is nowhere nearby, so Geller really must be
  psychic! We can (and do) talk in general terms about how "psychic
  miracles" are done.

  "Exposes of psychiatry". An excellent suggestion. Now none of us
  will deny that psychiatry can offer people enormous benefit.
  However, there are many doctrines and sects in psychiatry that are
  at best questionable, and at worst downright quackery. Wilhelm
  Reich's "orgone therapy" is plainly in the latter category. Much
  Freudian theory is highly questionable, while a lot of psychiatric
  research represents the best in medical science. How do we draw
  the line?

  "Expose of other questionable beliefs, such as the 'big bang'
  hypothesis, which at best is dubious." I beg to disagree here. An
  enormous amount of solid astronomical evidence supporting the "big
  bang" has turned up in recent years.

  "Examination of the media's role in promoting nonsense, & their
  reluctance to admit mistakes." Another excellent suggestion. Philip
  J. Klass and other skeptics have already written much about this
  (see UFOs- The Public Deceived), but more needs to be said.
  "Investigation of Graphoanalysis". Excellent. Now, will our expert
  in graphoanalysis please step forward? (What? We don't have one?)

  "Debunking of Astrology". Aren't you tired of it yet? I am. (And
  yet the believers in astrology never get the message.)

  "Investigate the mind control techniques of the 'human potential'
  people." Another good suggestion. Experts, step forward, please.

  "Debunk John Sladek and his 'Arachne Rising' hoax, Gerardus Bouw's

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  fundamentalist geocentric astronomy, Heliobiology (as in 'The
  Cycles of Heaven'), 'The Rebirth of Pan' by Jim Brandon." I'm
  always amazed how some people are ready to go out and debunk things
  that I haven't even heard about yet! (Well, I do know about
  Gerardus Bouw.) Quick, somebody go out and read these books, and
  then let us know if they need debunking.

  11. Do You Have Any Suggestion for Improving Meetings?

  "Meetings a bit too casual - participants not prepared".
  Occasionally true - but not always.

  Need a better defined format: presentation's, Q & A period, etc.
  should be carefully timed. "If there is anything about BAS meetings
  that galls my gears it's to have a meeting that goes on without
  defined limit." Mine too. That has happened sometimes, but any
  meeting where I've been in charge I pull the plug after about two
  hours, max. Never again must we have "free form" meanderings!
  13. Suggest Topics for Future Meetings:

  "Law enforcement personnel on use of 'psychics'". Good! [See the
  RAMPARTS column -- Ed]

  "Bible Expose. Religion". Out of our territory. We deal only with
  claims that can be empirically proven either true or false, and one
  thing that theists and atheists all agree on is that people
  believe, or disbelieve, on the basis of faith (or the absence
  thereof), and not because of scientific evidence.

  "Food fads & nutrition quackery," and "More medical-related
  subjects." We have done some meetings on this. We could do more.

  "Velikovsky". Another good subject.

  14. What Kind of Activity Would You Like to Get Involved In?

  "Sell Skeptical Posters, Bumper Stickers". A good idea. The
  Colorado Skeptics are selling bumper stickers!

  "Sell Skeptics' Jewelry". I'm not sure I know what "skeptics'
  jewelry" is, but it sounds interesting.

  "'Infiltrating' phony groups". This is treading on thin ice! To
  attend public meetings of oddball groups and report on them is
  perfectly OK, but any "infiltration" is best left to law
  enforcement personnel.

  15. What, If Anything, Should be Changed About How BAS Is Run?

  "Nothing -- very good." We love you, too!

  "Bigger Newsletter". Fine. Now who will write the articles, who
  will edit and publish them, and who will pay the extra cost in
  reproduction and postage?

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  "Charge more (for BASIS) to get funds for more active
  investigations of scams." But will that cause BAS revenues to
  increase, or decline?

  "Volunteer groups such as this always have the problem of getting
  people involved. I have not found an answer. 'Willingness' is
  always involved. A few are willing to do the work, others are
  willing to let them." Amen, friend!

  16. Do You Have Any Other Comments to Share With Us?

  "I like Dr. Sampson, would like another chance to hear him." "Give
  us more Randi". We're giving you as much as we have; there is only
  so much of Randi to go around.

  "Drop those vaporheaded California neologisms from your vocabulary.
  A chairman calling himself a 'chair' indeed!" Whassa madda, betcha
  don't like granola neidda? Go back ta Noo Joisey!

  "Religious miracles." We are indeed now working on the
  investigation of certain other alleged miracles. Stay tuned. "I
  get the impression - probably incorrect - that BASIS and other
  skeptic activities are limited to 'professionals' (psychologists,
  physicians, scientists, science writers, strident advocates). These
  people are important, but I would like to see more effort to
  bringing in ordinary folks." We at BASIS welcome the assistance of
  anyone who shares our goals. Among the occupations of active Bay
  Area Skeptics are writer, magician, letter carrier, computer
  professional, physician, elevator serviceman, physicist, chemist,
  editor, teacher, cookie tycoon, realtor, and psychologist. If you
  know any "ordinary folk" who are interested, bring 'em in.

  "I came to one of your meetings a year prior to the Peter Popoff
  story, and suggested looking into such churches and was told that
  this was too hot of a potato and the skeptics did not get involved
  in religion - much to my surprise when your "God" Randi decided to
  go after them, it was OK. I am still quite miffed." Randi is not
  our "God"; maybe a saint, but in any case his status as a "genius"
  has now been officially certified. Remember the subtle distinction
  which has been made many times before: religious beliefs we do not
  challenge, for they can neither be proven nor disproved, but claims
  of actual religious "miracles", alleged violations of established
  natural laws, are vigorously scrutinized. (Please don't be miffed!)

  "Haven't you ever seen the following? 'Assembly of God' - Haven't
  you ever been curious as to how you put one together?" Groan.

  "Bear in mind that Charles Trilling has rewarded our efforts. He
  said that we are the garbagemen of the scientific field. I cannot
  say whether it was a compliment or an insult... If I knew what we
  were all about, the task would be easier." Can you imagine how
  terrible the scientific field would eventually smell if there were
  no garbagemen? And on that lofty thought, we end our survey.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  Finally, let me remind everyone about the big 1987 International
  CSICOP Conference in Pasadena April 3 and 4. This is going to be
  a BIG event. The Keynote Speaker will be Carl Sagan. Tickets will
  go fast, so don't wait. A registration form is included in this
  issue (send it directly to CSICOP, not to us). More details are in
  the current Skeptical Inquirer. See you in Pasadena.


  SJSU GOES PSEUDOSCIENCE

  Skeptic Vaso Bovan, a San Jose State University MBA grad, noticed
  a brochure from dear alma mater which announced the establishment
  of their "Pre-Chiropractic Institute." This institute is founded
  in "special cooperation" with the Palmer School of Chiropractic.

  Bovan points out in his letter to the Dean of the School of Science
  (of which BAS received a copy) that the very basis of chiropractic,
  "subluxations" (misalignment of the vertebrae, which causes
  disease), is without scientific foundation.

  Over the years this branch of pseudoscience has increased its
  credibility enormously; chiropractors are fast approaching full
  medical recognition. [Of course, there are exceptions. I ran across
  a chiropractor at the flea market last weekend. He was giving free
  spinal exams right there on the blacktop. - Ed]

  The open participation of SJSU in this matter is deplorable. Bovan
  asks Dean Lange if the School of Science will soon formalize a
  course of study in pre-astrology.

  Other alums and concerned taxpayers should write Dr. Lester Lange
  at SJSU, 1 Washington Square, San Jose, CA 95192. Congrats to Vaso
  for his alert and concerned attention.


  EDITOR'S CORNER

  Pseudoscience and conspiracy theories seem to go hand-in-glove.

  When ideas come on the scene that run counter to reigning theories
  they usually meet with resistance. Change is difficult. When the
  new ideas don't win out, there are other avenues available to the
  would-be Galileos.

  Science is a very broad area of human knowledge, and for that fact
  it can be ponderous and cumbersome, viewed as a whole. Because it
  is so vast, it is sub and, sub-sub-classified, on and on. At the
  very fine specialty, progress, and hence change, can be quite
  rapid. A group of theoretical particle physicists may alter
  thinking about neutrino absorption with only some abstruse
  mathematical derivations, for example.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  The problem comes when a complete paradigm shift is proposed. Such
  a move calls for science as a whole to take note, which is akin to
  moving mountains. When major revisions in thinking are proffered
  it is proper that we look very carefully. Such changes require
  powerful evidence. Difficult though it may be, major revisions in
  thinking have occurred -- we call them revolutions -- and they mark
  the milestones in science history.

  But some proponents of paradigm shift are impatient and
  impertinent. They tend to see themselves as voices in the wind,
  outcasts, prophets unloved in their own country, and even martyrs.
  When a large group is involved in the proposed reconstitution the
  cry of conspiracy is an ever-present slogan. In their eyes the
  scientific community becomes the stodgy "establishment," bent on
  suppressing new ideas. Monetary considerations are frequently
  raised. The AMA, for example, is so often charged with this because
  all "know" that money-grubbing physicians would rather keep us sick
  and coming to them rather than accept the newest nostrum.

  Conspiracy theories are a substitute for real theories. If one can
  keep ones opponents fighting conspiracy charges the real issues get
  lost in the garbage, because conspiracy notions are usually easier
  to understand than complex scientific matters. And conspiracy
  notions have a life of their own. They metastasize arrantly and
  vigorously -- the imagination is the only barrier to their growth.

  The heads of this Hydra are as numerous as the junk at a garage
  sale -- hack away though you may, nary drop of blood flows. It is
  like trying to paint pictures on water. (Recall the recent
  exhumation of the late Oswald in which the conspiratorialists
  pressed for years to have his body re-examined. They were CERTAIN
  someone else was in that grave and that was why there were such
  powerful forces against the disinterment. Actually viewing the
  remains would be the final evidence of the conspiracy. Of course
  Oswald was there safe and dead; and the conspiracy theory did not
  die with the episode. The definitive "proof" is the rainbow, always
  just out of reach.)

  Another classic manifestation of pseudoscience is the "circling
  wagon" mentality. If a group considers its position rejected by
  "standard" science, it pulls itself together to form a tight
  Brotherhood of Believers, gaining mutual support and comfort. They
  will publish their OWN journals in a thumb-their-noses attitude,
  rather than submit their claims to recognized publications for peer
  review and critique.

  If there is evidence it will ultimately prevail. Experience has
  shown that when the revision finally comes it takes hold quickly.
  When I hear talk of a conspiracy I count that as evidence that the
  plaintiff has no evidence. The High Court of science works. Yes,
  ponderously in some cases, and rightly so. If we are to undergo a
  paradigm shift it better well be after the most careful scrutiny
  and the most powerful evidence.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  Health quackery, medical miracles, creationism, psi phenomena, and
  ufology are some of more notable examples that fit these classic
  roles of pseudoscience. When talk of conspiracy arises I hit the
  wall.


  MORE "PREDICTIONS"

  San Francisco was not struck by a severe earthquake last March.
  Madonna and Princess Di did not have babies in 1986. There was no
  assassination attempt against Mikhail Gorbachov, New York City was
  not blacked out for sixteen days, and, alas, there was no vaccine
  or cure developed for AIDS. There were just a few of the specific
  predictions made by well-known psychics for 1986 that failed to
  happen in case you don't keep your issues of the "National
  Enquirer".

  Of the hundreds of predictions the "psychics" make every year many
  are so vaguely worded they are impossible to judge true or false.
  Others simply involve phenomena that happen every year, such as
  hurricanes in Florida or continued terrorist activity. Still other
  prognostications were not predictions at all, but actually
  disclosures already under way before 1986 began. Not one prediction
  that was both SPECIFIC AND SURPRISING came true in 1986.

  Jeane Dixon, who supposedly has a "gift of prophecy" predicted that
  famine in Ethiopia and other African nations would be relieved in
  '86 when space shuttle astronauts would locate water beneath barren
  deserts [Note: of all the places on the planet where we are CERTAIN
  there is water, it is under the deserts -- Ed]. She also predicted
  that shuttle flights would lead to the creation of artificial gems.

  Her "gift" apparently failed to foresee the Challenger disaster,
  after which no shuttle made it into orbit. Dixon also predicted
  that Princess Di and Madonna would have another baby, and that Tom
  Selleck would lose a valuable automobile which would sink into
  water.

  Chicago "psychic" Irene Hughes predicted that severe earthquakes
  would strike S. F. in March, and Missouri in May, killing hundreds.
  Di would have twins, and there would be another attempt on the
  Pope's life. The assailant's bullet would hit Il Papa's crucifix,
  saving his life.

  Miami "psychic" Micki Dahne predicted Reagan would turn the
  presidency over to Bush, that vaccines for AIDS and herpes would
  be developed and administered nationwide.

  Clarissa Bernhardt predicted that Old Faithful would dry up, that
  scientists would accidentally shoot down a UFO with a laser, and
  that John McEnroe would retire from tennis to play ball with the
  SF Giants!


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
  Our local, Sylvia Brown, got in on Di's being in a family way again
  and that Superbowl XXI would see the Raiders and the Bears fight
  it out. [See last issue for other Brown flops. - Ed]

  Barbara Mousalam of Redwood City, who has in recent years been
  prognosticating for the City's prestigious Commonwealth Club,
  predicted that the hostages in Lebanon would be released this year,
  Ed Zschau would defeat Cranston, the GOP would retain control of
  the Senate and the Giants would build a new stadium in the City.
  She said the Dow-Jones average would not go above 1,800. It rose
  above 1,950.

  Keep those tabloids this year and let's see if they improve next
  time. Don't hold your collective breath.


  "THE VICTIMS YOU'RE TRYING TO RELIEVE OF THEIR DELUSIONS ARE
  WILLING SUPPORTERS OF THOSE WHO HAVE CHEATED THEM." -James Randi


  "THE KNAVERY AND FOLLY OF MEN ARE SUCH A COMMON PHENOMENON THAT I
  SHOULD RATHER BELIEVE THE MOST EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS TO ARISE FROM
  THEIR CONCURRENCE, THAN ADMIT OF A SINGLE VIOLATION OF THE LAWS OF
  NATURE." -David Hume

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the March, 1987 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1987 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:50]
