{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T12:45:59Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 71067, "source_ctime_ns": 1790296862698682263, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1991-04.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790296862695385901, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1991-04.pdf", "source_sha256": "f841db989eacc10250deb42b2d245d3241c4ce4e44424c020b97103f05867ecf"}

-------------------------------------------------------
  April 1991 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 10, No. 4
              Editor: Yves Barbero


  PREGNANCY: FACTS AND MYTHCONCEPTIONS
  by Molleen Matsumura

  Many years ago, I took a course in the Indonesian language.
  Inevitably, the instructor tossed in various cultural highlights.
  One day, Ms. Nur Wattimena mentioned that, where she came from, a
  couple expecting a child are also expected to avoid certain foods.
  As she listed bananas, cucumbers, and other long, narrow,
  cylindrical foods, we all burst into laughter at the obvious
  symbolism.

  Every important aspect of life, in every culture, is the focus of
  a huge store of myth, lore -- and even, sometimes, empirical
  knowledge. Not surprisingly, this is doubly true about pregnancy
  and childbirth, since no culture could continue without these
  activities. Our culture is no exception, of course. If you or
  anyone you know even CONSIDER having children, you can expect to be
  bombarded with an incredible mixture of information,
  misinformation, out-dated information, and out-and-out myths. I'll
  try to untangle a bit of the confusion, here.

  BEGINNING A PREGNANCY

  MYTH: Every couple that has ever had trouble conceiving has heard
  some variation of the following: "Joe and Mary tried ten years and
  nothing happened. Then, finally, they gave up and relaxed. Next
  thing you know, Mary is expecting twins."

  This story is a variation on the "me decade" credo that if an
  airplane crash-lands in your living room, you must have WANTED it
  to happen. Attitude does not affect fertility; it's just that
  nobody is going to tell a hopeful couple stories about people who
  gave up, relaxed, and remodeled their kitchen with the money that
  would have remodeled the obstetrician's kitchen.

  FACT: There are a few simple ways a couple can improve their
  chances. The man who LITERALLY not figuratively) keeps cool will
  have a higher sperm count. That means trading jockeys for boxers,
  and avoiding hot tubs, saunas, and steam baths. Timing is
  important. Planned Parenthood gives free classes that teach women
  how to tell when they are fertile -- equally applicable to
  conception or contraception.

  Not cheap, but far more accurate, are the ovulation-detection kits


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  at your local pharmacy. When "the time is right", conception should
  be attempted on alternative days, not daily: This way, there is
  time for the mature sperm count to be replenished. (Some couples
  who conceive after giving up may be benefitting from an increased
  amount of mature sperm, due to less- frequent intercourse.)

  If conception doesn't occur after a year of trying, see a fertility
  specialist.

  MYTH: A woman who sees a fertility specialist will be treated like
  a guinea pig, and forced to undergo a lot of expensive, painful,
  unreliable procedures.

  FACT: Many people who foster the above myth have axes to grind. At
  one end of the spectrum are people who simply build exaggerations
  of the undeniable reality that some researchers are more interested
  in the research than the research subject, and some physicians
  aren't very good at giving clear explanations. At the extreme are
  people who REALLY DO believe that the medical profession is some
  sort of male conspiracy against women, and/or that science is some
  sort of male aberration that no feminist should have truck with.

  Deciding to get fertility counselling can be difficult. However,
  the initial steps in fertility counselling involve simple,
  painless, and relatively inexpensive tests such as blood tests. At
  any point, questions can be asked. How much will this cost? How
  likely is it to work: How many people have tried this procedure?
  There is always the option of stopping to think!

  MYTH: You can choose the sex of your child.

  FACT: The methods suggested for affecting the sex of the child
  alter the odds slightly, and that's all. The technique involves a
  combination of methods, including timing the conception at a
  particular point in the woman's ovulatory cycle (not easy!), and
  altering the vaginal pH. Be forewarned that making the vagina less
  acid increases the risk of minor but annoying local infection,
  which in itself interferes with fertility. (If you try this method,
  and infection occurs, don't listen to what people tell you about
  allergies and "yeast diets" -- more myths! Just have your doctor
  prescribe local medication -- it works in one to three days).

  Researchers are trying to find improved methods for selecting a
  child's sex -- and ethicists and demographers, among others, are
  worrying about the possible social consequences. A gynecologist can
  give you an update (and you can expect any REALLY effective
  technique to make the front page of your newspaper).

  PREGNANCY

  Some of these myths will sound painfully familiar to the seasoned
  skeptic. Well, what did you expect?

  MYTH: You can use a pendulum suspended over the mother's abdomen to

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  predict the sex of the baby. Right! Probably it's a CRYSTAL
  PENDULUM! I really can't remember whether clockwise movement means
  a girl or a boy, but the really important question is whether you
  have a compelling reason to be polite to the pendulum wielder, or
  have been waiting for an excuse to kick this person out of your
  life. You should try pointing out that, starting around the fifth
  month, a mother-to-be shouldn't spend much time lying on her back.
  (That's a fact -- the uterus presses on major vessels and impairs
  its own blood supply).

  Sometimes people come up with other myths, for example, "An active
  fetus is a boy, a quiet fetus is a girl." (No comment needed for
  that one!)

  FACT: There is no way to predict fetal sex except by genetic
  testing -- amniocentesis or chorionic villus sampling. These
  procedures shouldn't be, and aren't, done unless there is good
  reason to be looking for genetic problems, or, in the case of
  amniocentesis, to diagnose fetal illness. If and when they ARE
  done, the parents can decide whether they want to know the fetus's
  sex as well.

  MYTH: If a little bit of vitamin supplementation is good, huge
  amounts of vitamins have got to be better. (I told you some of this
  would sound familiar!)

  FACT: Eating a balanced diet with plenty of fresh produce really
  will provide the necessary vitamins. All a pregnant woman needs to
  do is eat the way she knows she ought to, adding a few hundred
  extra calories, and skipping junk food. A prescription, prenatal
  vitamin can help, won't hurt, and will not be excessive. Prenatal
  blood tests can diagnose anemia, and then iron tablets may be
  prescribed.

  Taking huge amounts of some vitamins and minerals can be very
  dangerous. Two examples: When a woman takes very large amounts of
  Vitamin C prenatally, the newborn can develop "rebound" scurvy. A
  heavy excess of Vitamin D is just as likely to cause bone deformity
  as deficiencies.

  MYTH: Unlike "synthetic" medications, herbs and herbal extracts are
  "natural", safe, and wonderful.

  FACT: Ho-hum. And which herbal extracts are we talking about?
  Cocaine? Heroin? Strychnine?

  There are three herbs in particular that a pregnant woman might
  hear about. Raspberry leaf tea is supposed to "tone the uterus". I
  have never figured out what that means. But I do know that no
  controlled trials have been done, and that raspberry leaf tea
  tastes awful.

  Valerian is supposed to help with insomnia. The people who laid
  that one on a good friend of mine speculated that it was a "natural

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  version" of Valium. Maybe because they sound alike? Why would
  anyone pregnant take any version of Valium, anyway? I was concerned
  enough to track down a book by a practitioner of herbal medicine
  who claimed that valerian will help with insomnia -- but, this
  writer added, after a couple of weeks, the valerian itself will
  cause insomnia. That was enough to convince my friend not to
  bother.

  Possibly the most dangerous is blue cohosh tea, which is supposed
  to stimulate labor contractions, and might be recommended to women
  close to their due date who are tired of waiting for labor to begin
  spontaneously. I have not investigated whether this tea performs as
  billed. If it can, that's scary: The concentration and dosage
  cannot be controlled, and overly strong uterine contractions can be
  very painful. At worst, if extremely strong contractions were
  stimulated, the tea would be outright dangerous to both mother and
  fetus.

  AFTER THE BIRTH

  MYTH: If the parents are prevented from immediately holding and
  "bonding" with their baby, their long-term relationship will be
  impaired.

  FACT: The researchers who originally stressed the importance of
  early bonding later modified their position. They did not retract
  their original finding that, during the first few weeks after
  birth, parents who had done early bonding seemed to grow attached
  more easily. But they noted that, by the time infants are several
  months old, the degree of patient-infant closeness is the same in
  both early bonding groups and control groups.

  Undeniably, a mother is very upset when she cannot be close to her
  baby right after the birth (for example, because she had surgery or
  the baby had respiratory distress). But the same women who, years
  after giving birth, still remember how sad they felt about such
  separations, do not express any feeling that their relationships
  have suffered.

  MYTH: Breast-feeding is always difficult. It is always easy. It is
  absolutely vital to the baby's health. It isn't that important.
  Formulas are just fine, and more convenient.

  FACT: Breast-feeding IS beneficial to the health of mother and
  infant. Women who breast-feed reduce their risks of developing
  breast cancer -- according to recent research announced by the
  National Academy of Science -- of developing osteoporosis. The
  newborn's immune system is not fully developed, and, in the first
  few days of life, it is protected against some infections by
  antibodies in the mother's colostrum (pre-milk secretion). Nothing
  is as easily digested by the newborn infant as breast milk, and
  nothing is less likely to cause allergies (infants less than one
  year old are more susceptible to food allergies).


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  The professional association of pediatricians recommend breast-
  feeding during the first year, and they're right. But it isn't the
  end of the world if you don't. Most of today's 20-to-45-year-old
  Americans were formula fed, and they're no more or less healthy or
  intelligent than our parents were (well, maybe a little more!)

  THE BIGGEST MYTH OF ALL

  There is one right way to bring up a child. Your in-laws/parents/
  neighbors/boss-and-boss's-spouse know this one right way, but you
  are hopelessly inadequate. But that's another story.

  [Molleen Matsumura is an editorial associate of "Free Inquiry", co-
  author of "Mother to Be: A Guide for Pregnancy and Physical
  Disability", soon to be published by Demos Publications. She
  collaborated on "Sex in China" (forthcoming, Plenum), and edited
  "Japan's Economy in World Perspective" (Alin Fdn. Press).]


  Letters to the Editor
  FLUORIDE AGAIN!
  by Carl Alexander

  I was delighted to read in December "BASIS" two articles dealing
  with medical issues, the fluoride controversy and wild claims for
  yoga. As a recovered cancer patient, I have heard it all. Yoga,
  mental imagery, macrobiotic diet, etc., all with little or nothing
  to back up the claims to good health or to cure illness. On the
  other hand, what is really the cause of illness, and what are safe
  levels of chemicals such as fluoride?

  I am delighted that "BASIS" is dealing with all kinds of medical
  issues and quackery. As Mark Hodes stated in the same issue, "upon
  entering scientific literature, it becomes fair game for critical
  evaluation". I hope "BASIS" will follow the issue of fluoride which
  MAY be a case of scientific quackery. The worst kind is that that
  is knowingly accepted.

  As a cancer patient, I became aware of accepted medical quackery,
  such as giving chemotherapy to people with lung or rectal cancer,
  of which there is little or no medical evidence it will help in
  these areas. I am not talking about experimental treatments, but
  rather treatments in common use. If I pushed a rice diet on
  someone, claiming it will cure cancer, without proof, I would spend
  a long time behind bars, but it would seem public health officials
  are immune from the rigors of scientific evaluation when dealing
  with fluoride. In both cases, the criticism may be proven false,
  but this can never happen without skepticism. Please keep up the
  good work.

  [Perhaps one of our physician-readers would like to reply. -- Ed.]


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  STEINER FLAP
  by Robert Clear and Barbara Judd

  Fred Convers' analysis of Robert Steiner's statistics puzzle is
  persuasive, but wrong. Steiner's challenge was to figure out the
  probability that two children are girls if we know that at least
  one child is a girl. Convers would have us analyze this problem by
  assuming that we can split the problem in two cases: 1) The known
  child is the first child, and 2) the known child is the second
  child. We can illustrate this by _italicizing_ the outcomes where
  the first child is known, and BOLDING the outcomes where the second
  child is known. The outcomes are as follows: _gb_, GG, and BG,
  where g = girl, and b = boy.

  Since the cases overlap (gg is present in both cases), simply
  adding double-counts the probability for gg. The problem is that
  Convers' procedure assumes more knowledge than is given in the
  problem. If you only know that there are two children, then the
  probability of gg is 1/4. If you know that at least one of the pair
  is a girl, then the probability goes to 1/3. Knowing whether it is
  the first, or second child that is known, increases the probability
  to 1/2.

  The distinctions are probably most easily seen via a numerical
  example. Assume that we have 40 pairs, so that there are ten pairs
  each of gb, gg, bg, and bb. The probability that any arbitrary
  chosen pair from this population contains gg is 10/40, or 1/4. Now
  assume that we are only interested in those pairs that have at
  least one girl. This eliminates the ten cases of bb, so that the
  resulting probability is 10/30, or 1/3.

  Assume that the known child was the first child. There are ten
  pairs of gb, so all of these pairs must be included, since there is
  only one girl in the pair. If, as Convers asserts, the probability
  that second child is also a girl is 1/2, we have to include all ten
  pairs of gg. However, by the same argument, we also have to include
  all ten cases of gg when it is the second child that is known,
  which means we have to double-count them! If we include 1/2, or
  five pairs each, of gg with each known child, then the probability
  of gg with each choice is 5/15, or 1/3. These probabilities sum
  correctly.


  GOODE NIGHT AGAINE, LITTLE PUZZLE
  by Bob Steiner

  CASE 1:

  A man has two children. The chance is one in four that they are
  both girls.

  CASE 2:


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  Start with the four chances in Case 1. Then eliminate the chance
  that has no girls (i.e., both boys). That leaves us with three
  chances, each of which has at least one girl. There is a one in
  three chance that both are girls.

  Thank you, Mr. Convers, for your interest in this puzzle. Alas,
  your little table has a logical flaw. It purports to demonstrate
  that it is twice as likely that a person will have a girl as child
  one and a girl as child two as it is that he will have a girl as
  child one and a boy as child two.

  An there are no further objections, maihap 'tis time to saie: Goode
  night againe, little puzzle.

  [Editor comments:
  COME ON...

  If one child born to a couple is a girl (or a boy), the chances of
  the second child being of one or the other sex is still fifty
  percent. Past performance has nothing to do with future potential.
  It is merely a way to form the ruler to measure the probability of
  that potential and not the cause of it. -- Y.B.]


  DENTAL FILLINGS
  by Tom Woosnam

  Did you realize that the fillings in your teeth could result in
  arthritis, colitis, kidney damage, birth defects and multiple
  sclerosis? That at least was the suggestion made by Morley Safer in
  a "60 Minutes" segment aired on December 16, 1990, a suggestion
  that is not borne out by scientific evidence as reported by
  Accuracy in Media, Inc. (AIM), in its January 1991 newsletter.

  The basis for the CBS claim is the fact that amalgam fillings,
  which have been in use for more than a century, are 50 percent
  mercury (they also contain silver, copper or tin), and mercury is
  known to be more poisonous than lead or arsenic. Although Safer
  admitted that "no specific disease has yet been directly linked to
  mercury from fillings" the parallels drawn between diseases and the
  use of amalgam as reported by "60 Minutes" left little doubt as to
  the conclusion that CBS wished to draw.

  As an example of the kind of frantic recovery sufferers can expect
  to experience, Safer interviewed Nancy Yost of San Jose,
  California. Yost, a victim of MS, had her five amalgam fillings
  taken out because she'd worked in the dental industry, and had
  heard reports that some patients had shown improvements after their
  amalgam fillings had been removed. The morning after the removal of
  her fillings, she threw away the cane she had been relying on to
  walk, and subsequently her voice and ability to dance were restored
  -- small wonder then that after the program was aired dentists


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  around the country were flooded with calls from patients willing to
  pay $200 to $2,000 to have their fillings replaced.

  One naturally wonders at this point what an expert on MS might say,
  and indeed "60 Minutes" did contact the National Multiple Sclerosis
  Society and was offered an interview with Dr. Stephen Reingold,
  vice president for research and medical programs. Because the
  camera crew never showed up, however, the viewing public was unable
  to hear what Dr. Reingold would have said, as he made clear in a
  protest made to "60 Minutes" executive producer Don Hewitt: "The
  reality is that there has never been a direct association made
  between amalgam and MS. Reports of remissions resulting from
  amalgam removal appear to be anecdotal, and cannot be separated
  from placebo effects or spontaneous changes in disease."

  One would have hoped that in the interest of balanced reporting
  Safer would at least have interviewed patients who showed no
  improvement in their health after having had their fillings
  removed, but such hopes were not realized in this program. One
  might have hoped also that he would mention that health
  professionals who deal with amalgams every day show no higher MS
  incidence than the rest of the population, but, alas, this evidence
  is not forthcoming.

  "60 Minutes" did not entirely ignore the defenders of amalgam
  fillings, however. They showed an interview with Dr. R. Heber
  Simmons, Jr., spokesman for the American Dental Association, but
  much of his time (76 lines vs. 156 lines for the "anti-amalgam"
  dentists) was spent defending the ADA policy of declaring it
  unethical for dentists to recommend the replacement of amalgam
  fillings except for cosmetic reasons."60 Minutes" turned this into
  evidence of an infringement of the rights of dentists who want to
  help patients avoid mercury poisoning.

  So, what are the facts as they are known but not reported on the
  CBS Sunday night show? According to Dr. Simmons, studies show that
  the daily release of mercury from amalgams is about one percent of
  what a worker would receive when exposed to mercury in an
  environment complying with OSHA standards. Dr. J. Rodway Mackert,
  professor of dental materials at the School of Dentistry of the
  Medical College of Georgia, writes in an article scheduled for
  publication in the "ADA Journal" that the average patient's
  fillings may give off 1 to 2 micrograms of mercury per day. In
  contrast, the mercury intake from one meal of seafood in one week
  would be seven times the amount given off by one's amalgam fillings
  each week!

  Even "Consumer Reports", which took the scare-mongers' side during
  the Alar scandal, has noted "... dentists who purport to treat
  health problems by ripping out fillings are putting their own
  economic interests ahead of their patients' welfare. Amalgams have
  been used for more than 150 years. Except for a few people with a
  genuine allergy to mercury, [Consumer Union] knows of no one who's
  been harmed by them." The "San Francisco Examiner" quoted one

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  anti-amalgam dentist as saying he had "at least 30 new patients
  awaiting appointments" following the "60 Minutes" piece. "The
  television show was wonderful." he said, "I was thrilled."

  He may have been thrilled, but what of the MS sufferers whose hopes
  were cruelly raised, then dashed when they were told the facts? As
  AIM states perhaps they were "... lucky compared to those who
  contacted not their doctors, but dentists willing to replace their
  fillings. They will be not only sadder but poorer ... they should
  send the bill to CBS."

  [Tom Woosnam holds the Science Department Chair at the Crystal
  Springs Uplands School in Hillsborough.]

  THE EDITOR ADDS ...

  I contacted Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., one of the founders of Bay
  Area Skeptics and currently an advisor, after that particular show,
  and asked him if I should run right over to my dentist and have my
  fillings replaced. He said, "No!" No scientific findings would
  suggest that there is any merit to the claims of that show. I know
  Dr. Sampson well, and respect his scientific opinions, so I saved
  myself a pile of dough.

  Nevertheless, the show was remarkable for some of the questions it
  raised. Obviously, you can't make a public health policy out of
  anecdotal events such as the remarkable recovery (if it happened)
  of Nancy Yost. Still, anecdotal claims (especially if there are a
  number of them) should be considered for serious investigation. No
  one seems to have suggested that Yost's recovery might be
  investigated. I can't help wondering why.

  That something has been in use for 150 years does not mean it's
  safe nor does it mean it should be immune from investigation. It
  does mean, however, that there is considerable vested interest in
  its use.

  There are clear economic interests at stake here. The ADA, like
  many of its sister professional organizations, does three basic
  things.

  => It looks out for the economic interests of its members.
  => It issues (and enforces) ethical guidelines.
  => It keeps its members scientific, by enforcing academic training
  standards and making sure its members use only accepted procedures.

  There's little question that these functions occasionally become
  blurred and don't always serve the public interest. In the name of
  science, ethical guidelines might be enforced to serve economic
  interests. If amalgam were proved dangerous, many dentists would
  have to put up a lot of time and money for retraining and
  retooling. Many of ADA's voting members would be out of business.

  In addition, I've always been suspicious about the ADA since it

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  endorses commercial products (but that's an aside).
  "60 Minutes" is generally an excellent show, but it does
  occasionally demonstrate bias. It's difficult to pick it out if
  you're not familiar with the subject matter (as I am not on most
  medical matters). I have seen it in areas where I have some
  background (labor, for instance). Still, I think that bias,
  conscious or unconscious, is more closely related to sensationalism
  than actual malice. What a shocker it is to discover that a
  professional organization has thrown one of its members out of work
  because he gave honest advice to a patient. But suppose it was a
  sincere physician treating a patient with peach pits for cancer --
  which of us wouldn't want him defrocked!

  As skeptics, we should naturally be suspicious when conclusions are
  made about a complex medical issue on a fifteen-minute news
  segment, however reputable the news organization is. But we should
  also be suspicious of spokesmen from professional organizations
  (with mixed motives) who make pronouncements from on high. -- Y.B.


  VOLUNTEERS FOR 1991 CSICOP CONFERENCE IN BERKELEY
  (So far)

  The following have kindly volunteered their services to help make
  the conference a success. In alphabetical order, they are ...

  => Yves Barbero
  => Lucinda Ben-David
  => Ralph Carmichael
  => Judy Daar
  => Keith Dabney
  => Don Henvick
  => Dan Dugan - Sound and Audio
  => Rick Moen - Chair, Conference Steering Committee and
           Volunteer Committee
  => Kathy Pinna - Usher Supervisor
  => Francis Rigney
  => Wilma Russell
  => Jerry Schwartz
  => Gil Shapiro - Vice-Chair, Steering Committee
  => Terry Simmon
  => Kate Talbot
  => Laurel Tuck
  => Quentin Tuck
  => Ray Westergard - VIP Limousine Services
  => Tom Woosnam

  There's still time to volunteer. The hours are flexible, the wages
  nonexistent, but the company is great. Call Kathy Pinna at 843-
  8364.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  SPIN DOCTORS AND DERVISHES
  by Yves Barbero

  It was a British general who pointed out, just before the ground
  war got under way, that Saddam Hussein was willing to use "the
  currency of human life" to advance his policies and therefore
  "there would be a ground war".

  The statement was remarkable for its candor. Finally, a military
  officer told the absolute truth. Washington, however, wasn't sure
  how the American people would take the news, and, for a couple of
  days, its public relations troops (spin doctors) were explaining
  that a ground war was not necessarily in the works (a lie). Events
  proved the might of modern war technology, and the forces of
  righteousness took almost no casualties, while the Iraqi forces
  (with a less-advanced technology) may have suffered, according to
  one estimate, as many as 150,000 killed.

  Under the guise of protecting troops, the press was stage-managed.
  Even the establishment press complained loudly and publicly. One
  commentator couldn't help wondering what possible security purpose
  was served by not allowing the photographing of bodies being
  brought home. I can answer that question. The administration wasn't
  sure the ground war wouldn't be bloody and was afraid that the
  sight of so many coffins would make it suffer at the polls.
  Censorship, in this country, has been more often used to manage
  public opinion than to protect state secrets. I doubt seriously
  that journalists would object to not publishing shipping schedules
  in time of war. The administration was nervous for public relation
  reasons.

  Whatever side one takes on the issue of the Gulf War, there was
  plenty to be nervous about. The resurgence of jingoistic patriotism
  is certainly one issue. Led by President George Bush, we have now
  overcome the "Vietnam Syndrome". If that means we've lost the
  reluctance to enter into armed conflict, it is a sad loss. The Gulf
  War may have been justified (and I personally believe it was,
  although I think the timing had more to do with the American
  electoral schedule than any other reason), but I'd prefer it if our
  leaders spent more time examining issues than possible public
  reaction. Would Bush have NOT started the war if he thought it
  would be unpopular? Could, for instance, have sanctions worked if
  given more time?

  Why do we think that an almost flawless technical execution of the
  war is synonymous with virtue? We won because we had better
  technology, more money, great generalship, better diplomatic
  skills, and numbers. In addition, Iraq could not re-supply or build
  its own weapons, and had almost no internal self-sufficiency. Oil
  needs to be exported, and that was cut off. A one-resource economy
  is doomed to eventual extinction. "Goodness had nothing to do with
  it!", as May West might have pointed out.

  Our greatest ally was Saddam Hussein, himself. He showed great

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  ineptness in his public-relations campaign. Even the most twisted
  intellectual apologist in the Western World would have difficulty
  justifying the policies of a man who gassed thousands of his own
  people. However diplomatically skilled nations in that part of the
  world are reputed to be, nothing can make up for the public-
  relations stupidity of the Scuds and the terrorizing of the Kuwaiti
  population. And, most important, HE ACTUALLY INVADED KUWAIT. That
  made all the rulers in the area extremely nervous and malleable to
  our designs.

  Just as we infer virtue from technical skill, we seem to assume a
  hundred-percent moral certitude when the balance sheet is barely in
  the black for us. It IS a fact that Kuwait stole oil from Iraq. As
  are most of our Arab allies, Kuwait is a reactionary dictatorship.
  They all exploit their people. In the case of Kuwait, only a
  privileged few citizens do well. Imported workers, who make up the
  majority of the population, have absolutely no rights. The
  prospect, in the region, of democracy sprouting roots is almost
  nil.

  It's also a fact that the U.S. sees an opportunity to re-establish
  itself as a world power, with all its attendant commercial
  advantages, and was looking for an opportunity to show its prowess.
  Philip Agee, the former CIA agent (barred from re-entering this
  country), thinks the war was engineered by the Bush Administration
  just for that purpose. It was not diplomatic stupidity on our part,
  he claims, but cynical design when a State Department official told
  the Iraqis we had no interest in protecting Kuwait. (1) I'm not
  sure I'd go that far, but Grenada and Panama were too local and too
  small to send out the proper message. The Iraq War is just the
  right size and, to boot, in the right location.

  There may be justifiable wars, and I suspect, reluctantly, that
  this was one. But war should be a last resort and not the first.
  The "Vietnam Syndrome" served us well and I hope it isn't dead.
  Patriotism is fine and dandy as long as it implies good feelings
  for the land and its people, and not an lockstep following of any
  administration's line. Flags should identify public buildings and
  ships at sea, and not be the subject of idolatry.

  My greatest fear is that we'll start selling our military forces to
  the highest bidder, and our young people's lives will become our
  chief export. The best way to avoid war is to promote popular
  government. Economic ideologies, totalitarian states, and religious
  fervor have been responsible for all this century's wars, but I
  can't think of a single instance when one democracy has declared
  war on another. Ever! Not any time in history!

  As to the "New World Order," I'm not ready, just yet, to put on an
  arm band.

  ------------
  (1) Agee, Philip -- "Producing the Proper Crisis," "Z Magazine",
  Oct '90. (An electronic form of this article may be downloaded from

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  the Skeptic's BBS as "GULF-WAR" -- 415-648-8944.)


  WMMR, THE ENFORCER OF AUTHORITY
  by Brian Siano
  Secretary/Editor, Delaware Valley Skeptics

  [Censorship is a continuing problem, used most often to enforce a
  political agenda under the guise of protecting public morality.
  Increasingly, as Brian Siano observes, it is used to cynically
  promote commercial interests without regard to common decency or
  respect for individual political views. ...And this happened in the
  cradle of democracy, Philadelphia. -- Yves Barbero]

  Singer Sinead O'Connor has a policy of not allowing any national
  anthems to be played before her shows. Since, nine times out of
  ten, rock concerts aren't preceded by the "Star Spangled Banner,"
  nobody really took much notice of this, and no feathers were
  ruffled.

  However, when Ms. O'Connor threatened to refuse to perform at a
  recent concert in New Jersey, radio stations in the area found a
  dandy way to boost sagging ratings: organize Anti-Sinead activities
  fit for the whole family. WMMR's John DiBella, once the highest
  rated DJ in the Philadelphia area, decided that it'd be healthy and
  humane to hand out American flags at Ms. O'Connor's show at the
  Mann Music Center, and let the crowd give her what-for.

  If the people at WMMR have ever actually paid attention to what
  happens at a rock concert, the results were predictable: A good
  chunk of the audience waved their souvenir flags and chanted what
  they thought was the National Anthem during O'Connor's show. Quite
  a few of those flags wound up being thrown at the stage. The
  audience who went to hear O'Connor sing was cheated, in having to
  put up with this.

  Let's put things in perspective, so we can understand what WMMR has
  become. In 1966, John Lennon, in an offhand comment about the
  Beatles' popularity, remarked that they were bigger than Jesus.
  True or not, this sparked a massive wave of record-burnings and
  public protests. Lennon was forced to apologize, saying that he
  didn't have anything against Jesus, but that a lot of His followers
  were "a bit thick. They're the ones who ruin it for me." True
  enough.

  If we were to ask the people at WMMR "If you were running a radio
  station then, would you have organized some protest over John
  Lennon?" Sure they'd say "No," but it's easy for them to say that;
  the Lennon flap happened twenty years ago, and Lennon is something
  of a secular saint. This week, when Sinead O'Connor ticked a few
  "patriots" off, WMMR was staunchly on the side of the thimblebrains
  who burn records. I wonder how they would've dealt with the Lennon
  of 1973 who was far more critical of the U.S. than Sinead O'Connor

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  has been.

  What else can we expect? WMMR is in the business of selling things
  to specific market segments, and what matters to WMMR are such
  products as Coors Beer, Miller Beer, Molson Beer, Budweiser, the
  Army, and such open-minded spokesmen as Guns `n' Roses. WMMR has a
  vested interest in encouraging mindless stupidity and unquestioning
  patriotism. And, so far, its concern with community issues has been
  limited to dopey platitudes about "Saving the Planet." Oh, there
  was John DiBella's opposition to record-labelling; but it's not as
  if WMMR hadn't kept quiet on the matter for years, before
  organizing something right after rival Howard Stern passed him in
  the ratings. (Coors Beer is both a sponsor on WMMR and a supporter
  of the pro-censorship Parents' Music Resource Center. Some
  commitment.)

  But the Sinead O'Connor incident wasn't just pandering to
  knuckleheads to regain lost Arbitron ratings. It was an ugly
  exercise in demagoguery. I'd expect that sort of thing from Howard
  Stern, maybe, or Jerry Falwell, but DiBella should know better. He
  could have used his position and his air time to educate his
  audience, and become an active voice in the community. Instead, he
  and WMMR organized a mob of flag-waving morons to harass and
  intimidate Sinead O'Connor, and ruin her concert. Too bad Sinead's
  fans are a bit wiser and more open-minded; I wouldn't mind seeing
  an WMMR-sponsored concert event disrupted in a similar fashion.

  By the way, has anyone noticed that the people raising the biggest
  noise about flag-burning or the National Anthem kept their mouths
  shut when Oliver North and Ronald Reagan were gutting the
  Constitution? Maybe I'm being to harsh on DiBella, an entertainer
  who just picked an opportune time to take a safe political stand;
  maybe he was just angry that she has more hair than he does.


  ----------------------------------------------------------
  |                                          |
  | PSYCHIC ADVISOR, continued                               |
  |                                          |
  | By sending your check immediately, you are guaranteed |
  | six official computer-generated scrolls printed under |
  | the supervision of our crystal-controlled automatic |
  |                                          |
  ----------------------------------------------------------


  LASER PRINTER?

  Does anyone have a working laser printer he'd like to donate to
  "BASIS"?

  We've always been fortunate in having first-rate computing

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  equipment available to us for final drafts from our dedicated
  subscribers, but it'd be really nice to have even a basic machine
  available at the editor's office to view working drafts without
  travelling across town.

  Contact Yves Barbero at 415-285-4358.


  THE SKEPTIC'S ELECTRONIC BULLETIN BOARD
  => 2400 Baud, 415-648-8944
  => 24 hours, 7 days a week
  => Rick Moen, Sysop


  Make plans now to join us at the
  1991 CSICOP CONFERENCE
  Hosted by the Bay Area Skeptics, and co-sponsored by CSICOP
  and the University of California at Berkeley Physics Department
  CLAREMONT RESORT HOTEL
  Berkeley/Oakland Hills, California
  Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, May 3-5, 1991

  Keynote Address: "In Search of Our Origins", by Donald C.
  Johanson, President, Institute of Human Origins, Berkeley

  (See this issue's insert or the Winter 1991 issue of the "Skeptical
  Inquirer" for details and registration information. Write, care of
  this publication, or call Yves Barbero at 415-285-4358.)


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling
  Kate Talbot


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Yves Barbero, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Wilma Russell, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


  CALENDAR
  April Meeting
  NATURE OF EVIL -- CULT VICIOUSNESS
  by John Hubner

  Tuesday, April 16, 1991, 7:30pm, Gallery Theatre, Skyline College,
  3300 College Drive, San Bruno.

  Watch for coming events in the BAS Calendar, or call 415-LA-TRUTH
  for up-to-the-minute details on events. If you have ideas about
  topics or speakers, leave a message on the hotline.

  WARNING: We STRONGLY URGE that you call the hotline shortly before
  attending any Calendar activity, to see if there have been any
  changes.


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board, or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the April, 1991 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928, or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  Copyright (C) 1991 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
