{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T11:24:45Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 68227, "source_ctime_ns": 1790279535070871099, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1991-03.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790279535064149003, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1991-03.pdf", "source_sha256": "4baec9d955a5f078e5343928ae6b27aca80309f1cdbc66e297fcaee62f375285"}

Note: This is a working, pre-publication draft copy.
  -------------------------------------------------------
  March 1991 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 10, No. 3
              Editor: Yves Barbero


  CRYONICS
  by Brian Siano

  Every so often, a topic comes up which stands squarely in that grey
  area between science and pseudoscience, between fringe speculation
  and technological possibility. It can't really be ruled out, but
  then again, it rests on such radical assumptions that the
  temptation to label it as crackpottery is almost too strong to
  resist. Such a topic is cryonics: too possible to be dismissed, but
  also, too far-fetched for many to take it seriously.

  In cell biology, cryopreservation is the technique for freezing
  cell cultures for future use in experimentation. In this case,
  however, the plan is to freeze an entire human body in hopes of
  reviving it at some point in the future when a) the cause of that
  person's death can be reversed, and b) when the technology exists
  to revive a frozen human being. (Another variant is to freeze only
  the head of the person in question, in hopes of also acquiring a
  new body through this future technology.)

  The arguments in favor of cryonic suspension are pretty direct. The
  chance for a kind of immortality -- or even an extended or revived
  life -- is pretty tempting, as well as the possibility of seeing
  the future. The techniques for successful cryogenic preservation
  are understood, at least in principle, and any problems we have
  currently will probably be fixed in the future. (After all, look at
  the technological advances made since 1900, many of which would
  have seemed impossible then.) And, as many cryonics enthusiasts
  say, a body that's been buried or cremated has no chance of being
  revived, while a frozen body has at least a remote chance of living
  again. More about this gamble later.

  Those who object to cryonics mention that cell walls tend to
  rupture when frozen, thus damaging the body far too extensively for
  revivication. Similarly, there are those who see the promise of
  cryonics as being too grandiose, that real technical problems are
  blithely dismissed on the promise of future technological
  developments. It's also important to point out that, as of this
  writing, nobody has succeeded in freezing and reviving a dead
  mammal. (Frogs, however, have been successfully revived.)

  The cryonics supporters I've spoken to are quick to describe
  theoretical technologies that may make cryonics a more feasible


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  prospect, nanotechnology and gene research the most prominent among
  them. K. Eric Drexler's "Engines of Creation" describes
  nanotechnology as the development of micromachines with
  molecule-sized parts; some of the more extreme speculations on
  their potential include micro-robots injected into humans as an
  additional immune system, or micro-robots that could assemble
  almost any structure out of almost anything, merely by rearranging
  molecules. So, when asked about the cell-wall rupture problem, one
  cryonicist told me that the problem would be solved with a "Plastic
  Polymer" that would preserve the cell walls within a microthin
  casing. When asked how the polymer would be removed, he chirped,
  "Nanotechnology!" He then described micro-robots that would remove
  the polymer and deliver it outside the body. I'd wanted to ask
  about how the cadaver's brain might be revived, but I almost
  expected the answer to be "The Hand of Jehovah" which would come
  down and re-ensoul the corpse.

  (There are other objections, resting on moral and ethical
  considerations. Would it be ethical to preserve and revive people
  in an overpopulated world? Wouldn't the process be so expensive
  that only wealthy people would have this opportunity? We can't
  really evaluate these questions objectively, and either way, an
  individual may want to preserve his own interests over other
  considerations even if particular ethical concerns had an
  empirical basis.)

  So, what we have here is an issue whose critics point up current
  technological scientific limitations, but whose supporters can
  invoke the deus ex machina of scientific development to almost
  magically remove any technological limitations. After all, one
  can't entirely rule out the possibility of micromachines that would
  solve those nasty cell-wall problems, or even the possibility that
  one's mind might be encoded into a computer storage system, to be
  re-implanted into the revived corpse, or the possibility of gene
  therapy that would arrest or reverse the aging process, or ...
  well, you get the idea.

  Is cryonics a pseudoscience? Well, there's a lot in its supporters'
  claims that has that rich aroma of crackpottery, where
  earth-shattering ideas lurk under every theory in existence, where
  the prospect of time machines are just as probable as bone marrow
  transplants or gene therapy. But unlike proponents of psychic
  phenomena, cryonics supporters are not invoking new and unknown
  forces, or asking science to revise its current models to
  accommodate their wishful thinking. Cryonics is, at base, a gamble
  on possible technological development, and there is no way of
  ruling out the possibility of winning at this gamble.

  Let's look at that death gamble again; the part about how a person
  who's just buried has no chance at revival, while a frozen person
  has a remote chance of being revived. Doesn't this sound a lot like
  Pascal's Wager, which attempted to prove the need to believe in
  God?


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  Pascal's Wager, in a nutshell, was this: Suppose that a man who
  believes in God dies. (Yes, this DOES happen.) If there is no God,
  then he's just dead, he decomposes, and the worst he gets is
  painless oblivion. But, if there is a God, and he lived a good,
  religious life, he'd get the infinite rewards of eternity in
  Heaven. On the other hand, if an atheist dies (this happens too),
  and there is a God, he may be condemned to Hell's infinite tortures
  for not believing; the best he can expect from death is the
  decomposition and oblivion part. So, therefore, Pascal argued, it's
  far better for a man to believe in God, because the gamble for
  infinite pleasure makes better sense than risking infinite pain.
  (The wager's flaw is that it doesn't specify just what kind of God
  to believe in. You could spend your life worshipping Jehovah, and
  spending Judgement Day facing off with the Mighty Sword of Allah.)

  Cryonics rests on a kind of analogy to this. It's better to gamble
  on being revived, because losing this gamble still leaves you no
  worse off than anyone else; but if you don't gamble, you may lose
  out if the Big Future Wake-Up Call happens.

  However, one can also use the same argument against Cryonics that
  one uses to disprove Pascal's Wager: by pointing out that the wager
  itself says nothing about the particular religion one must follow.
  Suppose that, in the future, someone finds out that the best
  preservative for a human body isn't freezing in liquid nitrogen and
  a plastic polymer, but something else? (Maybe a mixture of Cheez
  Whiz and Worcestershire sauce? After all, considering the miracles
  of science, there's no reason to say this might not ever be the
  case, hm?) Isn't it worth your while to specify in your will to be
  preserved in a tank full of the stuff? After all, if this turns out
  not to be the case, that some other preservative works better, you
  won't be any worse off than anyone else...

  Come to think of it, one could also subvert the cryonicist's
  argument completely. Suppose they find that they could re-grow you
  from a DNA sample gathered from your decomposed bones. That way,
  even if you didn't freeze yourself, you'd still have that remote
  chance of being revived, in a way. After all, if you can't rule out
  the possibility of reviving frozen people, you can't rule out
  reviving decomposed people, either.

  I should point out how cryonics _isn't_ like Pascal's Wager; it's
  not demanding that you live your life according to certain
  dictates. At most, it's asking that you make an investment, and ask
  for certain procedures to be done to your body when you die.

  Is cryonics a fraud or con game? The potential for it certainly
  exists, and the fear of death is a powerful motivator to buy into
  something as radical as this. The economics of the situation are
  simple; The Alcor company in Riverside, California charges $100,000
  for a full body preservation, about $35,000 for head freezing, and
  a $200 per year maintenance fee. These are paid for, usually, by
  the person taking out a life insurance policy for the above
  amounts, with Alcor as the beneficiary. Premiums on such life

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  insurance policies can be relatively cheap, perhaps $150.00 a
  month, and if you change your mind, you can always change the
  beneficiary. (One company, Cryonics Internment Corporation, used a
  one-time fee system and went bankrupt about twelve years ago, and
  many customers thawed like so much spoiled beef.)

  I wouldn't call this a scheme for fraud; most cryonics supporters
  are aware that the company's main promise is that it will keep you
  frozen. It's not exactly responsible for the nanotechnology or
  biomedical research part of the bargain. The company also has
  aresponsibility, to its shareholders and clients alike, to stay in
  business and make a profit indefinitely, otherwise, its clients
  would start dripping like Slurpees. A Cryonics plan would be
  fraudulent only if the company did not freeze or preserve its
  clients according to the protocol it promised.

   Speaking personally, I can't make any great pronouncements as to
  whether cryonics is a worthwhile investment or just another example
  of technology-fed wishful thinking. There's a lot about the
  promises made to promote cryonics that I think are a tad
  suspicious, and resting results on the possibility of What The
  Future Might Bring is relying too much on some ill-defined Great
  Spirit that will make things well and whole someday. Scientific
  basis aside, saying that nanotechnology will make things wonderful
  when I awake is a lot like telling me that Jesus will cure my
  diseases when I awake. Still, the most critical attitude I can take
  is the time-honored Wait-and-See.

  [Brian Siano, Delaware Valley Skeptics]


  HISTORY AND DISTINCTIONS
  by Rick Moen

  The time has come, the Walrus said, to talk of many things: Of
  ships, and shoes, and sealing wax, of skeptics and humanists.

  Some history is in order: The skeptics' movement, as an organized
  affair, started abruptly, between the covers of "The Humanist", a
  magazine published by the American Humanist Association to promote
  that philosophy. The movement's genesis was an article (or perhaps
  manifesto) in the 9/75 issue called "Objections to Astrology: A
  Statement by 186 [later 192] Leading Scientists".

  Reactions pro and con were _so strong_ that a number of the
  article's backers, including James Randi, Martin Gardner, Paul
  Kurtz, and Ray Hyman, decided in May 1976 to form a committee to
  critically examine fringe-science claims. This was (and is) CSICOP,
  the Committee for the Scientific Examination of Claims of the
  Paranormal, run from Buffalo, NY, by its chairman, SUNY Buffalo
  professor of philosophy Paul Kurtz, on a tight budget but with a
  dedicated professional staff. CSICOP began to accumulate as fellows

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  and consultants an impressive array of magicians, scientists, and
  academics, apparently quite diverse as to philosophical and
  religious inclinations. It has published a quarterly journal, "The
  Skeptical Inquirer", since 1976.

  At nearly the same time, some sort of parting of the ways
  transpired at the AHA. Kurtz, who was then "The Humanist's" editor,
  left the AHA and founded a similar organization, CODESH, the
  Council for Democratic and Secular Humanism. (Lest the jest be lost
  on most people, "codesh" means "holy" in Hebrew.) It's the group
  that puts out "Free Inquiry" magazine.

  CODESH was and is run out of the _same_ small building on Bailey
  Avenue as CSICOP, but its affairs were kept separate. (Note the
  word "were" -- more on this later.) There are also a number of
  related enterprises, such as the Academy of Humanism, Prometheus
  Books, the Biblical Criticism Research Project, and the Committee
  for the Scientific Examination of Religion (the group that exposed
  "faith-healers" Peter Popoff, W.V. Grant, etc.)

  The substantive difference between the AHA and CODESH is subtle.
  Even having read both journals for many years, and supported both
  groups, I find it difficult to nail down. Both seek to advance
  systems of ethics not rooted in mysticism, but differ in emphasis
  and tone. Neither group seems to ever refer to the other.

  One difference can be seen in the names of their locally-based
  offshoots. The AHA-inspired local groups all seem to be called
  "Humanist Community of [location]", while CODESH-type groups are
  called "Secular Humanists of [location]". CODESH also seem to be
  associated (if I remember correctly) with the "Secular
  Organizations for Sobriety", which run AA-type programs devoid of
  AA's generic deity, the "Higher Power". Both outfits are
  _effectively_ quite secular, but the CODESH-type groups make a
  special point of it.

  There is also the curious matter of the AHA's tax-exempt non-profit
  status. It's registered as exempt under U.S. Internal Revenue Code
  section 501(c)(3), as a _religious_ organization, which has caused
  some dissension among AHA supporters. This is _particularly_ odd
  since the same Code section also covers cultural, scientific, and
  educational groups, any one of which categories might equally
  apply, instead.

  Back to the skeptics: About a year ago, the folks in Buffalo
  unveiled a venture called "The Voice of Inquiry", a series of radio
  and television programmes mixing skeptics' and humanists' topics.
  Thus, we get "African-Americans and Humanism" chockablock with
  "Spontaneous Human Combustion". "Euthanasia" rubs shoulders with
  "Out-of-Body Experiences", and "Can Reason Alone Make Us Moral?"
  with "Why Astrology Won't Go Away", all on tapes available from
  something called the "Center for Inquiry", which appears to be a
  new umbrella group for CSICOP and CODESH.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  More recently, we've heard that, according to glossy mailings and
  appeals for donations in "Skeptical Inquirer" and "Free Inquiry",
  a new, two-million-dollar "Center for Inquiry" _facility_ is being
  built. CODESH and CSICOP are to be incorporated into this Center,
  which will also house a "Center for Inquiry Institute" (to run
  seminars, workshops, etc.).

  Now, both the humanist and skeptics' movements strike me,
  personally, as extremely valuable causes. I support both, strongly.
  However, this blithe mixing of the two tends to create problems.

  Part of the strength of the skeptics' movement lies in its broad
  appeal: Critical examination of fringe-science claims requires no
  creed, no investment in any ideology, just the curiosity to look
  into extraordinary claims. Thus, my [Moen is Secretary -ED.] group,
  Bay Area Skeptics, can include parapsychologists, Protestant
  fundamentalists, Catholic nuns, Wiccans, and militant atheists, and
  _all_ can feel equally welcome. For this reason (among others),
  we've carefully stayed away from philosophical, ethical, and
  religious-belief claims, to avoid alienating our natural allies for
  no good reason.

  If this point is unclear, consider an analogy: I'm also a feminist
  and an environmentalist. Now, I'd _like_ to see my fellow NOW
  members arrive at meetings by bicycle, and my fellow Greenpeace
  supporters lobby for "comparable worth". However, I don't want to
  _drive male chauvinists away_ from Greenpeace, or gas-guzzlers away
  from NOW. The fact that both these causes aim to improve our
  condition does not mean that _combining them_ is wise. The fact
  that humanism and skepticism both involve "inquiry" and "critical
  thinking" does not make their combination a good idea, either.

  Further, one of the traditional ad hominem appeals against the
  skeptics' movement has always been that its inquiry is (allegedly)
  not objective, but has a hidden ideological agenda, variously
  called "scientific realism", "fundamentalist materialism", and the
  like. I've been at some pains, over the years, to refute this
  mud-slinging charge, by pointing out the tremendous variety of
  viewpoints in skeptics' journals, and their _lack_ of endorsement
  of particular ideologies. I always invite our critics to submit
  articles for our newsletter and to speak at our monthly public
  meetings (which almost invariably disarms the criticism and makes
  for us a friend). Now, when confronted with the "Center for
  Inquiry" as contrary evidence, I find myself tempted to reply,
  "CSICOP is _not_ the skeptics' movement". I would prefer not to
  need this last-resort argument.

  I shouldn't overlook the potential harm to the "humanist" movement.
  I've met plenty of astral travelers, tarot readers, Bigfoot
  groupies, and assorted cranks who make fine humanists. What's the
  point of alienating them? (They no doubt say "Moen is an OK
  humanist, just a bit nutty on fringe-science topics". We get along
  fine.)


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  Accordingly, I think both skeptics and humanists have a bit of a
  problem, and this concern is broadly shared by skeptics I've spoken
  with here in California. What I don't know -- yet -- is how
  skeptics elsewhere feel. I'm quite curious.


  Sidebar
  STATEMENT OF PURPOSE: BAY AREA SKEPTICS

  The purpose of Bay Area Skeptics is to promote scientific thinking
  by the general public. This is accomplished by exposing the
  failures of psuedosciences such as astrology, psychic predictions
  and other non-scientific but widely held beliefs in dealing with
  a complex world.

  In addition, Bay Area Skeptics also exists to investigate
  unsubstantiated claims such as psychic surgery and a variety of
  "systems" designed, either by fraud or sincerely held beliefs, to
  "fill-in" where "science fails." Bay Area Skeptics acts by itself
  or in cooperation with like-minded groups and individuals to inform
  the public about possible charlatans or sincere individuals
  promoting unsafe and/or ineffective "cures" and may, from time to
  time, assist law-enforcement agencies in exposing unsubstantiated
  medical claims.

  Bay Area Skeptics also exists to publish a periodical to accomplish
  its various purposes and to hold public meetings and social
  gatherings for the purpose of educating interested individuals.
  Finally, Bay Area Skeptics exists to test claims of the paranormal
  or unusual phenomena, either traditional or novel, where those
  claims are made on a "scientific" basis.

  Bay Area Skeptics does not make judgements on question of religion
  or personal faith in divine events unless fraud or scientific
  claims are involved.


  TOP TEN ANSWERS TO:
  "How many psychics does it take to change a light bulb?"*
  by Art & Emily Freund

  10. It all depends on what they're trying to change it into.

  9. One is usually sufficient, assuming no disruptive negative
  vibrations are present.

  8. National Enquirer predicts four psychics will each accomplish
  this feat in 1991.

  7. There have been anecdotal reports on this being done by a single
  psychic on several occasions, but this has never been verified by

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  scientific experiment.

  6. One psychic should be sufficient, however, a spiritual donation
  of $100,000 is requested.

  5. Two: One psychokinetic to turn the bulb, and one telepath to
  tell him which way to turn it. (Optional: a clairvoyant to verify
  that the job was done properly.)

  4. One can do it, if he also happens to be an electrician.

  3. None -- if Uri Geller, since he will mentally refuse the broken
  bulb filaments.

  2. Psychics don't change light bulbs -- however, they predict Elvis
  will be changing one in 1991.

  1. Two: One to hold the bulb and one to turn the house.

  *The question was slightly rephrased from "How many psychics does
  it take to screw in a light bulb?." More answers next issue
  (maybe). Please send in more answers. Contest ends with the
  Millennium.


  THE SOCRATIC APPROACH
  by Bob Steiner

  Questioner: How many psychics does it take to screw in a light
  bulb?

  Answerer: 62,827,975.4881.

  Q: Why 62,827,975.4881?

  A: Because that is the square of the equatorial diameter of the
  earth, expressed in square miles.

  Q: What does the square of the equatorial diameter of the earth
  have to do with psychics screwing in a light bulb? And besides, how
  can there be 4,881 ten thousandths of a psychic?

  A: You're too skeptical. Science can't explain everything. You've
  got to keep an open mind. They didn't understand Galileo, either.
  Get with the program. Manifest yourself. Enhance your energy. Live
  a little. Believe.

  Supporting data (just in case you are interested):

  Equatorial diameter of the earth in miles, per The World Almanac:
  7,926.41 miles.

  Square of the above is 62,827,975.4881 square miles.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  COME TO THE CSICOP CONFERENCE!

  Make plans now to join us at the 1991 CSICOP Conference
  Co-sponsored by the Bay Area Skeptics and the University of
  California at Berkeley Physics Department

  Claremont Resort Hotel
  Berkeley / Oakland Hills, California
  Friday, Saturday and Sunday
  May 3, 4, 5, 1991

  Keynote Address
  "In Search of Our Origins"

  Donald C. Johanson
  President, Institute of Human Origins, Berkeley

  (See this issue's insert or the Winter 1991 issue of the "Skeptical
  Inquirer" for details and registration information. Volunteers are
  still needed. Write, care of this publication, or call Yves Barbero
  at 415-285-4358)


  Letter to the Editor
  RACIST CONNOTATION
  by Molleen Matsumura

  Thomas Jukes's "Statement on Water Fluoridation" in the February
  '91 "BASIS", clearly an effort to set the record straight on a
  number of important facts, unfortunately contains an error of its
  own -- the reference to "mongoloid births."

  The correct term is "Down syndrome," in keeping with the common
  practice of naming a disorder after a clinician who describes it
  (e.g. "Parkinson's disease"), a major sign or symptom (e.g., "AIDS"
  or "multiple sclerosis"), the infectious or other causative agent
  (e.g., "herpes simplex"), or some combination of the above. Some
  disorders have ordinary names taken from famous sufferers;
  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and Huntington's chorea,
  respectively, are often referred to as "Lou Gehrig's disease" and
  "that disease Woody Guthrie had."

  When it doesn't interfere with treatment, using the wrong name
  often does no harm. My friend won't care if I ask, "Is that sniffle
  a cold or hay fever?" I'm more likely to get a strange reaction if
  I ask, "Is that viral or allergic rhinitis?" But the term
  "mongolism" has racist connotations. It hails from the time when we
  were told (inaccurately) that "there are three races -- Caucasoid,
  Negroid, and Mongoloid", and a member of any one of these groups

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  often believed that members of the others "all looked alike." Now
  that the Bay Area has large numbers of people who hail from Japan,
  Southeast Asia, and all regions of China, any "BASIS" reader can
  observe that these groups have different eye-shapes, and there is
  only a superficial resemblance between any of them and the
  eye-shape characteristic of Down syndrome. A person with Down
  syndrome doesn't look much like a Mongolian, either (unless the
  Mongolian also has Down syndrome).

  It's also hard to understand why Jukes (or his source) picked on
  Down syndrome in connection with mortality rates! It's a genetic
  disorder. Giving birth to a Down child has no effect on the
  mother's risk of complications; only some people with the syndrome
  have heart defects which shorten their life span. However, if
  Jukes has evidence that water fluoridation does or does not affect
  the incidence of birth defects, "BASIS" readers should certainly
  hear about it!


  Reply From DR. JUKES

  I used the term "mongoloid births" ("BASIS" page five, Feb. 1991)
  because I was referring to anti-fluoridation publications in which
  this word had been used (ie: Rapaport, as cited in "Health
  Quackery", Consumers Union, Mount Vernon, NY 1980), although I
  failed to point this out. The term was used erroneously for "Down
  Syndrome", which results from a chromosomal defect, and has no
  distinctive facial characteristics. The word "mongol" should refer
  only to national and linguistic characteristics of Mongolian
  people, and should include only speakers of the Mongol languages.
  It is quite inappropriate for Down Syndrome, as Dr. Matsumura
  correctly notes, and it is also misused when it is applied to Asian
  people.

  [I failed in my editorial duties by letting this slip past me. I've
  known since college what Down Syndrome was and what its historical
  "nickname" was. I regret my sloppiness. -Ed]

  Rick Moen in "BASIS", page three, Feb. 1991, says that Bob Steiner
  told him that John R. Lee would be "interesting" -- "absolutely".
  Had Bob Steiner heard Lee speak? Rick Moen then proceeds to
  sermonize at great lengths about "closed-minded, ideological
  cheerleaders of the science establishment", presumably including
  me. He misses the point. Our objection to giving Lee a platform was
  that he uses misrepresentations to oppose a procedure needed for
  health in children. Ernest Newbrun explained this on page six.


  WALLY
  by Bob Steiner

  Wally Sampson has just returned home from the hospital, recovering

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  from a heart attack. It appears that he has weathered it well. I am
  happy to report that we will have Wally around for a very long
  time!

  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., was a founding Board Member of Bay Area
  Skeptics back in 1982. He served on the Board for many years, has
  spoken at our meetings, has written articles for "BASIS", and has
  served as an Advisor for the past several years. He has given
  presentations at CSICOP conferences, at national medical
  conventions, and teaches courses in critical thinking. He was
  President of his medical society, serves on the Board of Directors
  of The National Council against Health Fraud, has testified in
  Sacramento on important legislative matters, and has been an expert
  witness at trials.

  Did I mention that Wally is a Clinical Professor of Medicine at
  Stanford University Medical School? -- and that (in his spare
  time?) he runs a medical practice?

  The above does not even begin to scratch the surface. As a matter
  of fact, it does not even scratch the surface of what I personally
  know about Wally's enormous contribution to humanity, without even
  asking him for any c.v. data.

  There is so much more to the story of Wally Sampson. This
  compassionate human being has been an excellent friend to Bay Area
  Skeptics, as well as to scientific thinking in the health field. He
  has debated mystics, "alternative treatment" purveyors, "psychics,"
  and more.

  Wally has a combination of courage, knowledge, compassion, and a
  keen ability to think clearly under pressure. He is a definite
  asset to Bay Area Skeptics, the skeptical movement, the medical
  profession, and humanity as a whole.

  Much good health to you, Wally.


  THE SKEPTIC'S ELECTRONIC BULLETIN BOARD
  2400 Baud, 415-648-8944
  24 hours, 7 days a week
  Rick Moen, Sysop


  OUT WHERE?
  by Tom Woosnam

  A recent episode of "Inside Edition" took a skeptical look at
  claims made by Howard Blum in his book "Out There: The
  Government's Secret Quest for Extraterrestrials" (Simon & Schuster,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  New York, 1990, 288 pages, cloth $19.95). In an interview with the
  author the program found Blum's research to be highly questionable
  at best.

  Blum claims in his book that an incident that occurred in December
  1986 prompted the U.S. government to organize a $50 million covert
  UFO investigation by the Defense Intelligent Agency in the
  Pentagon. The incident in question was supposedly reported by Navy
  Commander Sheila Mondran in the space surveillance center inside
  Cheyenne Mountain near Colorado Springs, home of NORAD and the U.S.
  Space Command. According to the Blum an electronic "fence" had been
  tripped, and Mondran and the crew on duty had witnessed something
  unexplained on their radar screens which looked like a UFO
  joyriding in space.

  Although Blum stated that he checked every name, date, incident and
  conversation given in the book the TV reporter verifying the basic
  facts uncovered a very different story and did a good job of
  calling Blum on the discrepancies. In the sloppy reporting category
  could go the fact that the elevator Mondran was supposed to have
  taken to work every day does not exist -- the only one in the
  mountain is for freight not passengers and it goes up from the
  ground floor not down 2,500 ft. as Blum claims. More significant
  however is that according to military and civilian experts the
  screens in the surveillance center give numerical readouts rather
  than real time displays. For Blum to claim that the crew watched a
  UFO joyride through the atmosphere is therefore a technical
  impossibility.

  When the U.S. Space Command was asked about the event they said
  that yes, there was an uncorrelated target report in December 1986,
  but it was "space junk", a piece of debris from a rocket which had
  exploded in the upper atmosphere. Even more damning was the Navy's
  statement that they have no record of a Sheila Mondran ever having
  been stationed at Cheyenne Mountain. In response Blum claims that
  Mondran was the Navy Commander's unmarried name and not the one she
  served under, hence the difficulty in tracing her but when asked if
  he could put "Inside Edition" in contact with her and another major
  military figure who was impossible to find Blum hedged and in the
  week after the program was taped he refused to return the
  reporter's phone calls.

  Because these disclaimers come from the government itself and could
  therefore be claimed to be suspect "Inside Edition" turned to
  civilians for corroboration. Philip J. Klass, the aviation writer
  and UFO investigator, states that in roughly five pages of the book
  that Blum devotes to Klass's career, he counted 25 errors of fact.
  Another civilian, Jonathan Thompson, is so angry at the lies he
  says Blum published that he refers the reporter to his lawyer.
  Stanton Friedman, a ufologist, says that Blum was lazy, that like
  a lot of journalists he didn't realize how much he didn't know.
  Does any of this faze Blum? Not much.

  When asked why the witnesses that had spoken freely to Blum would

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  not be willing to speak to the TV reporter he claims that the whole
  area of UFOs puts a blot on people's careers and not speaking out
  is a way of dealing with reporters when the witnesses are too
  embarrassed to tell the truth. He does say that it puts a "chilling
  effect on the truth" but it really doesn't bother him that he
  couldn't put the program in touch with one person or one document
  that could verify his charges. Could part of the reason be that
  this former New York Times reporter has already sold the rights to
  his book to TV?

  [Tom Woosnam holds the Science Department Chair at the Crystal
  Springs Uplands School in Hillsborough]


  EDITORIAL

  Bay Area Skeptics has been around since 1982. Originally started by
  six individuals, Robert Sheaffer, Bob Steiner, Terry Sandbek,
  Lawrence Jerome, Andrew Fraknoi, and Wallace Sampson, M.D., who all
  thought an organization of this nature was needed, it has grown in
  scope and influence over the years.

  Some of our activities are a great deal of fun. We truly enjoy
  pointing out the annual errors of the various self-appointed
  psychics by reviewing the predictions they make for a particular
  year at the end of that same year. And some activities are deadly
  serious, such as helping expose faith-healer Peter Popoff's conning
  of the faithful into giving up real medicine for his expensive and
  dubious "cures".

  Over the years, we've had our successes and failures. One of our
  biggest successes was in cultivating the press, so that we are
  often consulted by the media. Now, many in the Fourth Estate no
  longer routinely accept the claims of psychics. Our biggest
  failure, in my view, is in educating ourselves. Too many of us have
  turned skepticism into an ideology.

  It is all too human for a group formed to promote a minority idea
  to build barricades around itself and stop listening. Over the last
  few years, those who have tried to keep thinking open have clashed
  with those who want to protect the movement from outside enemies.
  Personal empire building has also reared its ugly head. This has
  led to splintering and a lot of energy wasted on in-fighting.

  Is this a failure of leadership? Certainly. Honest disagreements
  have often become ideological struggles, losing, along the way, the
  real reason for the existence of the group. Since Bay Area Skeptics
  is entirely voluntary, it is easy for an angry individual to
  simply walk away. He or she loses nothing financially, but the
  group loses a valued asset, so that often, perhaps unconsciously,
  we've held back from being forceful.

  This, too, is a failure.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  Another problem we've encountered is habit. Because of the nature
  of the media, which needs conflict to sustain it, we've often
  become too comfortable with the opposition, holding back to prevent
  withdrawal by the other side. Criticism is our strongest weapon,
  but when cliche and predictable attacks predominate, nothing is
  gained except more TV and radio appearances. This is not to say we
  can't be polite and civilized to the opposition. It is to say,
  however, that we've often been too tolerant in assuming the
  equality of other views. We often forget that in the "marketplace
  of ideas," bad ideas are supposed to be rejected, not just rehashed
  on the next talk show.

  Skepticism is not an ideology. It is a methodology with no fixed
  parameters. It borrows from science in the way it approaches
  understanding. Unlike science, however, it has little in the way of
  peer review, so it's a simple matter for some of us to go off the
  deep end or to enclose our minds in oddball cosmologies. It is
  important that we don't forget the goals, some of which were stated
  when we filed for non-profit status with the State of California
  [see sidebar].

  Skepticism is not democratic. Just as with science, the majority is
  not always right. If that were the case, a lot of nonsense would be
  universally true, and there would be no place for groups like Bay
  Area Skeptics.

  Nor is skepticism equivalent to humanism, however virtuous that
  movement. Humanism is an ethical system based on the premise that
  man is responsible for himself and need not look to a deity.
  Although I find the notion appealing, I don't particularly care to
  spend time debating the existence of supernatural forces --
  especially since I don't possess the intellectual tools to arrive
  at a meaningful answer. (I suspect no one has them.) Earthly
  concerns are more to my taste. I simply don't care how many angels
  can dance on the head of a pin, nor do I have any interest in
  converting anyone, except that I'd like to see people have the
  intellectual equipment to arrive at a realistic view of life.

  Since I'm not an ideologist, I don't expect any view of life to be
  perfectly synchronized with mine. Human beings are simply not built
  that way, nor should they be. On the individual level, we can only
  hope to have notions subject to change based on new information.
  Our world view should be flexible. As an organization, we can have
  some pretty concrete goals, but even those must be modified and
  configured by reality.

  Bay Area Skeptics is beginning its tenth year as it began its
  first, with individuals organized to promote and support a
  first-rate system of looking at things. There were six then. Now,
  there are over six hundred. And no two are the alike.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling
  Kate Talbot


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Yves Barbero, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Wilma Russell, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the March 1991 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1991 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 03.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:06]
