{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T14:51:00Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 74073, "source_ctime_ns": 1790271101859387342, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-11.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790271100808031646, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-11.pdf", "source_sha256": "d949aaa5097dd6ef93677a82d9a5b79af0c96653482eeb3f3e5d9122f46f8bdf"}

----------------------------------------------------------
  November 1987 "BASIS", Newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ----------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 6, No. 11
              Editor: Kent Harker


  DOUSING THOSE DOWSERS
  by Don Henvick

  I'm minding my own business one evening when a call comes in from
  Bill Bennetta wanting to know if I'm up for a new project. Is the
  Pope Polish? Bill, educator-type that he is, has steam coming out
  his ears about a course being offered by Santa Rosa Junior College.
  The J.C., ever on the lookout to make an extra buck or two, is
  offering a non-credit course in "Dowsing, The Art of Finding."

  The college administration figures it's kosher to lend their name
  and facilities to the teaching of any kinda junk just so long as
  they print a teeny disclaimer in their catalogue saying the
  Secretary will disavow any knowledge of this course if someone is
  killed or captured. Bill figures that peddling "respectability-by-
  association" is more the activity of young women engaged in
  questionable night services out on the street corners of the
  Tenderloin.

  Well, anyway, Bill wants to take a crack at this course. The
  instructor will conveniently pack thousands of years of dowsing
  miracles into four hours on a Saturday morning. Not only will we
  be regaled by a dowser who has been a guest lecturer at the
  parapsychology dept. of Sonoma State U., but we will learn how to
  dowse, too! Bill has lined up a hydrologist, Gene Boudreau, who
  has all the poop on the dearly-held notions about water witching
  that have kept the dowsers pointing their sticks lo these many
  years.

  The plan is for us to sign up for the course, catch the instructor
  in a couple of whoppers and try to maneuver him into a real test
  of his skills. Then Bill will send the college a letter telling
  them they ought to be ashamed of themselves pawning off this stuff
  as education. Bill says, "We'll be doing a public service."

  I ask, "Will it be fun?" When he says sure, I say, "Count me in."

  We send in our registration and cogitate on the problems we've set
  for ourselves. None of us have seen this guy teach and we don't
  know how he structures his class or whether he will be in the mood
  to tolerate a bunch of skeptics standing up in his class and
  telling him where to get off. Even if we don't get thrown out on
  our wiseacre ears, our only audience is likely to be true
  believers, and I doubt they paid their money expecting to hear that


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  it's a bunch of hooey.

  We figure our best hope is to keep a low profile and give the guy
  plenty of rope with which to hang himself, keep a complete record
  (including tape recording) of what's said and done, and then work
  him over in print. Of course, maybe this dowser will be the
  greatest thing since sliced bread and we can kiss our $11,000
  reward good bye.

  September 19 dawns and all of us would-be dowsers trundle over to
  Santa Rosa ready to dowse up a storm. It's only a month after the
  Harmonic Convergence so there's still plenty of positive vibration
  lying around to help us get in tune with nature and stuff like
  that. We mosey into the classroom and have our first rude awakening
  as the instructor immediately recognizes our hydrologist, Gene
  Boudreau. So much for the element of surprise. Gene explains he's
  there out of curiosity as Bill and I pretend not to know each other
  so we still might come across as true believers.

  Our teacher, Greg Thompson, gives us a brief history of dowsing,
  explaining that it must work because generations of superstitious
  people around the world can't be wrong. Oh, okay. That's not
  EXACTLY what he said, but that's what he meant. Honest. If I told
  what he said over the course of four hours you wouldn't believe
  me. This guy rambles so much he's like an intellectual tumbleweed.
  In fact we had a hard time pinning him down on any particular
  statement because while he's telling us how he's such a good
  teacher, his sentences are practically incoherent. Honest.

  Okay, if you insist. I've brought a tape clip with me of him
  explaining how dowsing works and how he might have been able to
  use it to find a kidnaped child if the vibrations had only
  cooperated. Think I'm hard to understand? Wait'll you hear this.
  Okay, roll the tape, Kent.

  "It is concluded that we all possess a sixth sense. We can program
  this sixth sense to be very accurate in the art of finding. If you
  can program your mind 100%, your results will be 100%. One out of
  ten people can dowse. The only people who can't dowse are those
  that look me straight in the eye and say `I can't dowse.' It's very
  hard for me to tell you how I dowse because there isn't
  words...there's no basic understanding of it at this point in time.
  Because basically my desire or my hope of this course is that
  enough people get involved in this that we get kind of like a
  Charley's-Angels type of group together because then you've got a
  force that is, you know, out there, and let's say another Tara
  Elizabeth Burke is kidnaped in Santa Rosa. Well five or six people,
  that's about all you need to keep you covered. Because believe me,
  television doesn't lie that much to a certain degree."

  Would you like to hear the whole four hours worth? I didn't think
  so. Next time when I tell you he's incoherent, just trust me, okay?
  At any rate, he goes on telling us about all the dowsers who were
  burned at the stake in the Salem witch trials, (Huh?) how

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  scientists are baffled by the way salmon can find their way
  upstream (Oh yeah?) and let's not forget the mystery of the
  SPARROWS coming back to Capistrano like clockwork (whaaa?). It's
  that old sixth sense (could be a song title). All God's chillun
  got it, but it takes $35 to learn how to use it correctly.

  Thompson then goes into the classic water dowsing theory. That
  there are little streams and big streams underground, some of them
  go this way and some of them go that way, but they can't hide from
  the dowsing rod. You want proof? Okay, just drill deep enough at
  a spot that's been dowsed and you'll find water. So there. Of
  course the U.S. Geological Survey tells us that, "In a region of
  adequate rainfall and favorable geology, it is difficult to drill
  and NOT find water." But what do those scientists know? They can't
  even figure out how sparrows get back to Capistrano.

  Thompson is feeling his oats now and lets us know about his heroic
  efforts during the drought a few years back when he ranged through
  Marin County, finding water for desperate Yuppies whose hot tubs
  had run dry. He dowsed over 300 wells -- 24 in just one day. Gene,
  our hydrologist, is too charitable to point out information he has
  that Thompson was fired for drilling dry holes 60% of the time,
  while Thompson says he found only one or two percent of the
  drillings without water.

  Thompson now proves his amazing powers by dowsing a stream running
  right under our very own classroom! Silly me, I've left my drilling
  rig home so I can't test his prediction. But never fear, he will
  show us how we can find that stream ourselves. He takes one side
  of the rod while each of us takes turns on the other side, walking
  with him across the room. Sure enough, when we reach that spot,
  the rod twists in our grasp and points downward. Son-of-a-gun. A
  little observation discloses that the rod is held in such a tight,
  awkward position that the slightest inward turn of the wrist will
  make the stick move violently downward. I watch Thompson do this
  cooperative dowsing with the other 12 members of the class and in
  12 cases his wrist moves slightly inward just before the rod points
  down. Probably just a coincidence.

  Once Thompson shows how sensitive we all are to dowsing water with
  a little bit of help from him, he unpacks his case full of dowsing
  instruments and sets us all loose individually to find water in the
  classroom. Bent coat hanger wires whirl, pendulums rotate and
  wooden and plastic Y-shaped rods twist in our grasp. There seems
  to be underground streams everywhere, even on the roof, as the
  hard-to-hold rods twist upwards often, sometimes bopping us in the
  nose. Bill, Gene, and I try to point out the incongruity of this
  flailing about, but nobody seems to notice while they're in the
  throes of this "learning" experience.

  Water dowsing has it pitfalls, Thompson points out. In the
  tradition of his father and grandfather, he declines to predict at
  what depth drills will find the water he dowses or how much they
  will find when they do hit it. His reasons are eminently sensible.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  If he makes a prediction that water will be found at two hundred
  feet and no water is found when the drill reaches that level,
  customers will be less likely to pay for even more drilling. Maybe
  it's his acumen as well as his remarkable dowsing skill which got
  our instructor elected President of the Redwood chapter of the
  American Society of Dowsers. There is a lesson in there for all of
  us who would follow in the master's slightly damp footsteps.

  Thompson points out that he has specifically programmed himself to
  dowse for water and so he isn't planning to find hidden objects
  himself (Drat!), but will demonstrate how other things can be
  dowsed, even at a distance. On the classroom wall is a map of
  Africa, which Thompson continually calls a country. (Country,
  continent, so what? They both start with "C.") He's gonna dowse on
  the map and find the biggest gold deposits in....you thought he was
  going to point to South Africa, didn't you? Wrong, pyrite-breath!
  The stick has conclusively shown that the really, really big chunks
  of gold are hiding in the hills of northeast Cameroon. The map
  lists that area as having only forests and agriculture, but it was
  probably drawn up by scientists, the same guys who still haven't
  figured out that ESP is what brings the sparrows back to
  Capistrano. Remember, you heard it here first: if you want to find
  the Mother Lode, go prospecting in Cameroon.

  Now that we are assured we can program ourselves to dowse objects
  other than water, it's time for the big graduation exercise.
  Thompson will borrow jewelry items from the class -- pure metals
  and stones being preferred -- and hide them outside and give us a
  chance to dowse 'em up. He points out that he will leave a little
  of each item showing so if the dowsing rods don't point exactly to
  each article we can look for it a little and that won't really be
  cheating. He explains that, "If I hide something, it's so you can
  find it. If I'm hiding it from you so that you cannot find it and
  if you start thinking that I've hidden it from you so that you
  can't find it, you're not gonna be able to find it." Winston
  Churchill could not have expressed himself better.

  We take a good look at the proffered jewelry so's we can tune in
  on whatever vibrations there are, and off Thompson goes to prepare
  our Easter egg hunt. When he comes back we all go outside and,
  concentrating each in turn, we try to tune in. Once again the
  wires, chains and sticks do their bobbing and weaving acts all over
  the place. We must have stumbled upon an underground jewelry
  emporium but nobody seems to be finding anything despite their
  exertions. Nobody can accuse Thompson of making this stuff too easy
  to find!

  Apparently he realizes that he's done too good a job of hiding the
  stuff in the grass and bushes, and as the minutes wear on, he
  starts sidling over to people to encourage them when they are
  hunting in an area close to where he's hidden something. And if
  they are far away, he drops a hint that, "Maybe over by the tree,"
  for instance, "might be more productive." STILL no one finds
  anything, so it's time for more drastic action, such as, "It's more

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  over this way." "Now your stick is pointed right at it." "Do you
  see it?" "You're looking right at it. That's it!" "Now you've found
  it." With a dozen students to encourage and seven pieces of jewelry
  hidden in the area, it's becoming a very long hunt, since each
  piece is left in place after it's "dowsed" by one student so that
  the next student can have a chance to find it as well.

  Slowly, painfully, a few students find a few of the items when
  Thompson is standing by doing his thing. A couple with sharp eyes
  spot one or two by themselves by looking, not by dowsing. As far
  as we can tell, NOBODY has actually dowsed a thing even though the
  sticks still keep bobbing away.

  I've long since given up trying to dowse anything -- I haven't even
  seen anything -- so I've taken to hanging around Thompson when he
  encourages somebody to find something, so now I know where a couple
  of things are. Thompson asks who hasn't found ANYTHING yet and half
  the class gathers around. He's going to show them where a copper
  bracelet is hidden so they can sharpen their skills. As a matter
  of fact, he's going to go fetch the rest of the class to give a
  demonstration of how this thing is supposed to go.

  I know the copper bracelet is hidden in the grass on the edge of
  the flower bed. Thompson is on the other side of the lawn. I'm
  looking at the bracelet. I fight with my conscience. I lose. While
  rooting through the bushes like everybody, I pick up the bracelet
  and move it ten feet away along the edge of the grass, partially
  hidden, as before.

  He comes back with the whole class now and stands in front of where
  he THINKS the copper bracelet is lying, tells everybody it's right
  about there and invites them to start dowsing. The rods start
  flying around as some people figure they're picking something up
  while those who had "found" it before try to reaffirm their
  previous vibrations. When they zero in on where it's supposed to
  be, Thompson reaches down to get it and comes up empty. He knows
  its been moved but doesn't know where. Does he dowse to find it?
  He does not. He has not programmed himself to find metals closer
  than Africa and can't apparently re-program himself for the one
  day each semester he teaches this course. However, he figures he
  has successfully programmed US in the last few hours and we start
  dowsing to locate the bracelet which lies ten feet away. Thompson
  contents himself with beating the bushes.

  After several minutes of concentrated dowsing by us, another
  student eventually SEES the bracelet peeking from behind it's
  grassy hiding place. Nobody had come close to it by dowsing and
  our pitiable instructor has not even tried to dowse in his search
  for the missing dingus.

  Now an effort is made to recover the remaining items so we can wind
  up the class. We begin to realize that while several people have
  seen most of the items, a few of them haven't been found by
  anybody. It also becomes clear that Thompson has forgotten exactly

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  where he put everything. We search a patch of crabgrass repeatedly
  for a tiny necklace, but the sticks pass over it without effect
  when people assume it too has been moved. But then Bill discovers
  it hidden deep within the same patch of crabgrass.

  The search narrows down to one item no one has seen since Thompson
  hid it: a crystal pendant. We search the bushes. We search the
  grass. Nothing. Bill remembers that Thompson successfully did his
  map dowsing in order to find all that gold, so he draws a map of
  the bushes and invites Thompson to dowse that in order to find the
  pendant. Other students are still dowsing the area, but Thompson
  ignores the map and the dowsing paraphernalia and continues to grub
  around on his hands and knees in his search. I'm getting pretty fed
  up with crawling around on my hands and knees and ask him
  repeatedly why he doesn't dowse the damn thing up and be done with
  it. The answer is always the same. "I'm programmed to dowse
  underground water, not objects, so it wouldn't do any good; besides
  I teach this stuff -- I don't do it."

  We never do find the crystal pendant -- either someone has walked
  off with it or it's been trampled into the ground. Then again we
  might have searched in the wrong area because Thompson never could
  remember exactly where he had hidden it. Almost all the class has
  drifted away an hour after the scheduled finish when Thompson
  finally admits defeat and pays $65 to the disgruntled owner of the
  lost pendant.

  This final foul up has robbed us skeptics of the chance to get in
  a few choice comments during the class review which didn't happen.
  However, our wondrous dowser WILL offer the course again next
  semester. I won't be there, however. I'll be digging up all that
  gold in the highlands of Cameroon. I'm gonna leave when the
  sparrows return to Capistrano.


  LOTTO BUNCO
  by Richard Cleverley

  Are there those who have special psychic powers? If we can believe
  the likes of Uri Geller, the answer is yes. If we are to believe
  certain recent proclamations the answer is in the affirmative, for
  full-page ads have been placed in local papers nationwide
  advertising that for $1 (postage and handling) psychically
  determined lottery numbers will be sent free. Full-page ads cost
  in the $2,000 to $20,000 range, depending on the paper and where
  the page is.

  The idea portrayed in these kinds of ads is that since the advice
  is free, the promoters cannot have ulterior motives. Let's suppose
  a psychic in one of these promotions only wishes to help the
  disadvantaged by helping them to win big bucks in lotteries. Can
  he/she be certain only the disadvantaged will respond to a huge
  newspaper ad? The size of the ad says that who answers is less

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  important than how many answer.

  Now, I am suspicious, because lots of numbers usually means the
  operation is designed for the advertiser rather than the
  advertisee. The second question I ask relates to those alleged
  powers. If, indeed, one has powers of precognition why wouldn't
  he/she win all the lotteries in the world and then open a research
  center to help advance the study of these putative powers; or why,
  if one's only motivation is humanitarianism, would he/she not use
  the winnings in some humanitarian way?

  Well, all of this is just a little introduction to show that the
  promoter might have other than altruistic motives. In fact this is
  similar to relatively well-known scams. Because the psychic claims
  his/her information is from some unknown source, he/she may be
  above prosecution by comparison with investment firms who have done
  similar operations and been prosecuted.

  To make the scheme clear and convincing, I need to simplify the
  methodology to see the essence. Let's make an imaginary lottery in
  which the prize is awarded to the person with the correct number
  from 1 - 100. Now, suppose we send 100 letters, each with a
  different number to 100 people before the lottery. In each letter
  we tell the addressee we have some special power to predict the
  outcome of the lottery, and we are giving this information free.
  What is the probability that we will correctly "predict" a winner?
  Of course, we are CERTAIN. At least one person is going to believe
  we have done something incredible.

  I say at least because the psychology of the psychic rules more
  heavily in his/her favor than it would be for "regular" people.
  What I mean is that a psychic gets credit for close. If the number,
  for example, is 17, the psychic may get credit for 71, 16, 18, and,
  if you want to stretch it, include 8 (1 + 7), 6 (7 - 1), and 7 (1
  x 7) and other combinations that seem close. If the seer is close
  this time, maybe next time she/he might be right on. Even though
  lottery money is not paid for close, the psychic get the benefit
  of doubt. In any event, at most 99 people will simply discard the
  letter because nothing eventful occurred.

  Now lets expand our operation, and instead of 100 letters, we send
  out 100,000 using the same formula: each letter has a different
  number from 1 - 100; i.e., we will have 100 sets of letters. This
  insures 100 hits, so there are now at least 100 people who believe
  we are invested with some arcane power.

  We now have at least 100 believers who have had what they consider
  irrefutable proof of the validity of our powers. They are ready,
  willing, and will do everything in THEIR power, albeit mundane
  power, to be able to tap into our ready source of advance
  information which will help them get rich. Their greed blinds them
  to some very elementary questions that might otherwise stop them.

  The second phase of our ruse is to contact those who got the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  "correct" information -- we know who they are. We probably won't
  even have to do that because, in our initial letter we told them
  they could contact us later for additional information. Of course,
  the second round is not free. But isn't such information worth a
  very great deal? If the winning lottery number returned $25,000
  (remember, this is just an example for simplicity, not for accuracy
  of odds!), $2,000 would not be too much to pay for such
  information. If only half of our marks respond at $2,000 that is
  a cool $100,000, all for the cost of the postage.

  But I want a better deal, one in which I don't even have to spend
  my money mailing anonymously. Direct mailing is inefficient and
  costly. Many might not even open the envelope. The winning number
  might go unnoticed. So I will advertise widely in local newspapers,
  which will have a double advantage: 1. This will select only those
  who want information and, 2. We can put in a clip-out address and
  require the mark pay us a paltry $1.00 for postage and handling for
  the information. If the recipient is unimpressed, he/she is
  unlikely to grumble for a buck. With our trusty computer to crank
  out the numbered letters, we are even free of overhead!

  Back to the example. If the advertising is effective and large
  numbers respond to the ad, I could potentially make beaucoup bucks
  on round two with no investment other than the greed and
  gullibility of the public. If all 100 of the successes in the above
  example return requests for round two, I now have a certain winner
  among them. One person is GOING to win the $25,000 on the number
  I "foreknew" for him. Will he sing to the heavens for the net
  $23,000 he has won?

  When fraud, lying, cheating, and just gross incompetence in
  parapsychology are the rule more than the exception; when years of
  intense effort on the part of parapsychologists themselves has not
  produced a replicable experiment, what is a skeptic to think? Uri
  Geller, world-famous psychic, has been caught cheating in virtually
  every trick he has done -- there is documented (video and audio
  tape, personal witness, etc.) proof, yet he continues to claim he
  has powers bestowed upon him by extraterrestrials. He passionately
  asserts his powers are real and that he does not use trickery.

  There might be some heretofore unknown power in the universe that
  certain people are able to tap into. If that is the case, it would
  be a revolution as momentous as Einsteinian physics. In fact, it
  would turn physics and the Law of Cause and Effect inside-out: we
  believe that the cause must precede the effect, and psi
  countermands that axiom.

  Since such incredible good could be accomplished with psi, and such
  enormous sums of money could be saved, and so much pain and
  suffering could be alleviated at least or eliminated at best, it
  is beyond comprehension that those who profess to have the greatest
  psychic powers would not do everything in their NORMAL power to
  cooperate to help science study and harness this power. The blind
  could learn psi ability and function more like the sighted, greatly

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  increasing the scope of their other abilities. Instead of expensive
  and dangerous space programs we could have sensitives go on so-
  called astral projection trips to the nether parts of the galaxy
  to study the secrets that lie in wait for the betterment of
  humanity. Remote viewing could take the place of expensive and
  hazardous spy satellites.

  Since psychics allege they can alter computer memory, the same
  could nullify the nuclear threat of the enemy, for all missile
  systems rely on computer telemetry for accurate delivery. The
  billions saved on Star Wars could be better used on world hunger.
  Medical technology is expensive and often perilous, with its
  intrusive methods deemed necessary to determine what is taking
  place inside the human body. If psychic energy can be used to see
  into and manipulate physical matter by psychokinesis, medicine
  could be revolutionized.

  If Dr. Salk had the polio vaccine and refused to allow it to be
  tested for any reason whatever wouldn't he have been guilty of
  genocide? Psychic fraud is easier to pawn off on the public because
  we don't even know if there is such a thing as psi. In fact if
  parapsychologists would cooperate with skeptics to try to nail this
  thing down a desirable by-product would be the exposure and
  reduction of fraud. This would advance the cause of parapsychology
  and help protect an unsuspecting and trusting public.

  [Mr. Cleverley is a free-lance skeptic in Sacramento.]


  SEPTEMBER MEETING
  by Michael Sorens

  On September 29 in Campbell, skeptics were treated to an engaging
  presentation by Jim Wheeler on so-called Ancient Astronauts. A
  videotape engineer by trade, Wheeler has also been an amateur
  archaeologist since 1973, concentrating on the areas of South and
  "Middle" America (the Yucatan peninsula to Panama). He has studied
  the Mayan, Aztec, and Inca cultures and can read Mayan
  hieroglyphics.

  Wheeler's talk began with a discussion of von Daniken, whose claims
  were compared to the evidence Wheeler himself saw and photographed
  at three favorite "AA" sites: the Polenke sarcophagi, the Peruvian
  Nazca lines, and the statues on Easter Island. Von Daniken's most
  successful claim to fame was his very popular book, "Chariots of
  the Gods".

  After his first 5-week trip to Colombia and Peru in the early
  seventies, Wheeler concluded that von Daniken had "an incredibly
  active imagination," ignoring many facts and embellishing others
  to a point of unrecognizability. Von Daniken has an extremely
  narrow focus, according to Wheeler, seeing only what will support
  his theories. But his wild concoctions have had some beneficial

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  effects: they have made many skeptical of archaeological claims
  and have drawn popular interest to the field of archaeology. Many
  of von Daniken's young readers went on to study legitimate
  archaeology when they grew up.

  The most fascinating part of the talk to me, and which Wheeler had
  the most material on, was Easter Island. In fact, he provided us
  with a fascinating account of the local history collected from the
  natives.

  Though only about 15 miles across, Easter Island had 10 distinct
  tribes of people believed to have been descendants of Peruvian
  explorers circa 1400. Each tribe constructed its own variation on
  a central theme of the statues, though all the statues originated
  from a single quarry near the eastern edge of the island. As
  statues were hewn out of the mountainous walls of the quarry, they
  would be deposited upright in storage holes dotting the landscape
  around the quarry. Many of these are still there today, along with
  several examples of unfinished statues, still not completely cut
  from the walls of the quarry.

  It appears that the job of hauling the statues to their
  destinations was more difficult than the cutting, otherwise there
  would be very few, if any statues, left at the quarry. The average
  statue weighs about 60 tons, and some weighed over 200 tons! Some
  had a "topknot," a reddish-brown, 10-ton cap perched upon the head.
  Raising a statue would have been a difficult task by itself, but
  placing a 10-ton lid on top boggles the mind, except for the fact
  that all of this has been done in recent times, recreating systems
  the original stone workers may have used. Each tribe would place
  its statues in its own geographic boundaries, mounting them upon
  stone platforms either singly or with as many as 7 others.

  There are some 600 statues on Easter Island, according to Wheeler,
  constructed during the period of 1450 to 1680. One driving force
  for constructing them was the competition between the various
  tribes on the island: each wanted to outdo the other in quantity
  or in size.

  Around 1680 almost all of the statues were toppled; some were
  literally decapitated by placing a stone on the ground in such a
  fashion that the falling statue would strike the stone at the neck
  position. The statues have elongated ears simply because the
  carvers did; photographs of current natives show earlobes stretched
  to twice the length of the normal ear.

  As to how the statues were formed, very simple techniques have been
  demonstrated by a U.C. Berkeley professor. The trick is to use
  small oblate rocks as hammers. The hammer rock would be held in
  both hands and sharply twisted at the point of impact with the
  quarry piece. This action chips off flakes from the quarry stone
  in a very precise fashion. The hammer stone would then be allowed
  to rebound after impact, thus lessening the fatigue of the masons.
  Numbers of these hammer stones litter the quarry site. The skill

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  of the stone cutters was remarkable for the precision they we able
  to achieve with this simple but effective method.


  "Irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned
  errors." -- T. H. Huxley


  EDITOR'S CORNER

  Extra sensory perception (ESP), the paranormalist term that
  attempts to describe a new information channel, is an empty
  construct, without meaning. It only says how we DON'T gain the
  information. Negative definitions have the advantage of being so
  nebulous and broad that it is impossible to refute or challenge
  them. Defining a horse as "not a tarantula" does not clarify
  matters.

  The (non)explanation of ESP (or the more contemporary term "psi")
  presumes that we understand perception and cognition, when in
  truth, we are only at the beginning of such understanding. Even
  something as ordinary as recall is not fundamentally understood.
  Who was the first president of the U.S.? Washington's name
  instantly appears, often accompanied by a "picture." How is that
  memory so readily available? We do not know.

  Although we do not understand the mechanisms, we do understand the
  subjective nature of memory and perception if the stimuli are very
  concrete. It is known that our mental processes are like filters
  and mirrors, sifting and reflecting information as it is processed
  against our cultural and educational experiences. The final product
  that is released to our consciousness may be a distortion of the
  sum total of information. We are unaware of the PROCESS of thinking
  -- only the RESULT of thinking appears to our cognizance.
  Modern psychology coupled with increased understanding of brain
  physiology has clarified some of the problems. One of the best
  books on the subject of parapsychology and perception, J. E.
  Alcock's "Parapsychology: Science or Magic" sheds a flood of light
  on the subject. The studies cited in this article are from his
  book.

  An interesting study conducted by psychologists Brown and McNeill
  found that student subjects, given words whose definitions they
  thought they might know but could not instantly recall, could, with
  amazing accuracy, give the number of syllables, the first letter,
  or a homonym. The students were then given some other task to
  completely distract and consume their attention for a period and
  the correct information more often than not popped into their
  consciousness. Everyone has experienced this phenomenon and it
  indicates we have much information of which we are not conscious.
  Another manifestation of this is information that we just know but
  cannot logically defend; we call it gut reaction or intuition. (In

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  fact, I believe the definition and very concept of intuition is
  suspect. Since we don't understand the processes of cognition, how
  are we able to state that we know something "without the use of
  rational processes (intuitively)"?

  I think there is a rational process, but it is just not available
  to the conscious part of our brain. As evidence of this, it seems
  that only highly trained physicists get "intuition" about the decay
  activity of mesons, and only highly trained programmers get
  "intuition" about some complex software difficulty.) Gifted people
  often describe themselves as bystanders to material that arises to
  their consciousness they know not from where. It has been suggested
  that the real seat of rational and creative power lies in the
  unconscious.

  A study by N. Maier demonstrates the extent to which we are unaware
  of our own thought processes in problem solving. He hung two
  strings from the ceiling in his laboratory far enough apart that
  a subject could not hold one and reach the other. The task was to
  tie the strings together. There were various objects lying around
  the room. If the subject had not solved the problem after several
  minutes, Maier casually set one of the lines slightly in motion,
  and typically, within 15 seconds the subject would tie a weight to
  one of the lines and swing it like a pendulum and then catch it
  while holding the other. In debriefing, each subject was asked how
  he discovered the solution. Even persistent probing failed to
  produce more than a 30% acknowledgment of the hint.

  Without the probing, Maier concluded that almost all were not aware
  of the hint. As further evidence, he twirled a string (a useless
  cue) prior to swinging it, and nearly all reported that the
  twirling had been helpful. All this indicates that we are not
  conscious of all the sensory channels of information available to
  us and not attentive to when and how we process that information.

  More startling direct and empirical evidence has been found in
  modern neurosurgery from patients who have undergone split-brain
  operations. Brain physiology shows that the left hemisphere
  controls the right half of the body and the right hemisphere, the
  left body. It is further demonstrated from injury and surgery that
  the left brain governs rational processes (e.g., language,
  mathematics) while the right brain controls non-verbal skills
  (e.g., artistic ability, recognition of faces). In a normal person,
  the two sides are in constant communication.

  Studies of epilepsy victims who had had their cortical fibers
  connecting the two hemispheres severed in an attempt to control
  severe seizures have increased our understanding of perception.
  These subjects appeared, at first, almost completely normal.
  Concentrated studies, however, revealed some intriguing results.
  The right side of our retina receives information from the left
  visual field and sends only to the right hemisphere (the left side
  of the retina, the right visual field, etc.).


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  When these patients, looking straight ahead, held an object in
  their left hand out of the direct line of sight, they could not
  describe it but could later select the object from among several.
  Their left- brain was not receiving information so they could not
  verbalize what their right hemisphere was in fact perceiving. Where
  there is no surgical interruption of the physical connections,
  evidence still suggests that one hemisphere or the other may be
  more or less active or dominant at the moment of a given
  perception. Hence, one may never safely say he or she is aware of
  all factors.

  If this is not complex enough, we tend to retrospectively justify
  our actions even when there is no causal connection. When subjects
  committed to a post-hypnotic suggestion to open a window are asked
  why they did so, they usually respond with something like, "Because
  it's hot in here." The left brain imposes itself on our experiences
  when the reality may be entirely unrelated; it tries to fit
  information to match the context of its perceptual set (primitive
  beliefs). This emotional verses the rational (right- vs. left-
  brain) has been tested with fascinating results (LeDoux, et. al.)

  When subjects have had the corpus callosum severed, but other nerve
  bundles left intact, the left-right connection is interrupted so
  that the two hemispheres cannot communicate and compare
  information. We may experience something for which we have no left-
  brain awareness and be unable to describe it. But our rational
  system, as in the case of the post-hypnotic suggestion, may assign
  it to something nonetheless, inventing something consistent with
  the individual's belief system.

  It is often said that the senses are not to be trusted. This is a
  substantial misstatement of the truth, for our senses, unless
  parapsychologists are correct, are all we have. The adage must be
  qualified a little to say UNTRAINED AND UNCRITICAL senses may be
  untrustworthy.

  Sensory information is never direct; it must pass through the brain
  -- our filtering, mirroring system. The raw data that are available
  in the real world are objective, but with our biological central
  processing unit as a filter between us and that real world,
  awareness of and training that filter is essential to understanding
  the world outside our minds.

  Before science must entertain the notion of information allegedly
  available outside sensory channels, we must be able to nail down
  brain function in assimilating and processing sensory information.
  Parapsychologists would do well to join "normal" psychology to
  spend their resources settling first things first.

  Occam's razor suggests that, faced with the choice of deciding
  between competing explanations, the one requiring fewer assumptions
  is more likely to be correct. Parapsychology takes the almost
  arrogant position that we know everything about sensory processing
  and must therefore resort to non-sensory hypotheses -- whatever

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  that means -- to describe anomalous events.


  RAMPARTS

  [Ramparts is a regular feature of "BASIS", and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your local
  scene and send them to the EDITOR. If you want to add some comment
  with the submission, please do so.]

  Why does it always have to happen in California? Alas, the gurus
  of the ghastly have learned where the Yuppies money is. Are
  Californians more avant-garde or simply more able to finance their
  gullibilities?

  Skeptic JOHN TAUBE sent an article from "IMAGE", a mag of
  conspicuous consumer indulgence in which the wonders of a new body
  treatment are touted.

  If multiple, double-blind studies are the norm for standard
  science, in a carefully conducted single-sighted study of one, an
  American Zen student, Michael Stusser, brought the wonders of the
  orient to the West. Mr. Stusser suffered from a bad case of
  sciatica (a painful inflammation of the sciatic nerve) to the
  extent that he could not sit for more than five minutes at a time.
  Imagine what that would do to your meditation sessions in the lotus
  position.

  After trying all the best available nostrums in Japan --
  acupuncture, faith healing, karmic concentration -- he was urged
  to try the "kosoburo": an "enzyme" bath. In the middle of this
  nouveau-mud experience, not only was his consciousness raised, but
  the sciatica as well. That was it. California, here he comes.

  The treatment is a concoction of "fermentation of cedar or fir
  fiber with rice bran. Plant enzymes added to this mixture catalyze
  a reaction that biologically generates heat of up to 140 degrees."
  Well, if it's natural it can't hurt, is current wisdom. I think any
  of our medical doctor subscribers would have something to say about
  these sessions in a 140 degree gunk pack. (In fact, "BASIS" would
  be pleased to print responses from our many M.D. subscribers about
  the psychological and medical possibilities from such an
  experience.

  While the mud baths of Calistoga are enjoyed by the visitors for
  the sheer pleasure, Stusser makes medical claims that "his
  concoction helps draw out toxins...." He gives his clients a
  special enzyme tea drink with the wallow, and offers, "No one
  really understands how it works. Some people have dramatic
  experiences."

  I am having a dramatic experience in the sitting portion of my
  anatomy.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  EDITOR'S NOTE

  There have been several comments to me over time about the hotline
  acronym, LATRUTH. The rub seems to be one of smugness at least and
  sheer arrogance at most. I don't think there is anyone in BAS who
  thinks he/she possesses the Truth; as I look over the articles in
  "BASIS" I do not see assertions to the effect that we have all the
  answers. Maybe in our zeal to press the cause of rationality our
  case is overstated -- we realize we are preaching to the converted
  -- but I don't think we want to come across as arrogant.

  I consider the acronym a useful device. Even a little amusing
  because it ruffles the feathers of those who oppose us. It has a
  mnemonic function that is simple and effective. When I am in my
  office and want to make that last minute call to check for changes
  I still dial 415-LATRUTH. When a BAS representative does a radio
  or TV show, they give out the phone acronym and people remember
  it. In fact, a BAS antagonist told me that he can't get LATRUTH
  out of his craw. He can't forget it no matter how hard he tries.
  (I have wondered if he calls when his friends aren't looking.)

  Take the digits of the phone number, find a catchy acronym that is
  less arrogant and maybe we can get it changed. First prize is a
  subscription to the "National Enquirer".


  ANIMAL LANGUAGE

  In the last CSICOP conference, the topic of animal intelligence in
  general, and animal language in particular, was addressed. Members
  of the research staffs of various facilities were invited to speak,
  but none saw fit to present their side to skeptics.

  BAS has the rare opportunity to hear from a volunteer staffer, Ms.
  MITZI PHILLIPS, who worked directly under Penny Patterson. (Ms.
  Patterson's tireless work with her famous protege, Koko, the
  talking gorilla, has given her an international reputation.) Koko
  has captured the hearts if not the minds of people world-wide. Koko
  and Penny have been the focus of media attention over the past five
  years, especially since the "National Geographic" cover story
  featured Koko with her pet kitten.

  This will be an excellent opportunity to question, from a skeptical
  point of view, the work-a-day routine at the Gorilla Foundation.

  Join BAS on Tuesday, November 24 for this important presentation.
  See the Calendar for details and directions.

                         -----


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the November, 1987 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1987 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
