{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T11:32:29Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 68451, "source_ctime_ns": 1790098083227954898, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-05.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790098083224399126, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-05.pdf", "source_sha256": "8779e2f105b9413c91970653f7d0f9e89695c888b9939b0cd1777de4dc02f882"}

-----------------------------------------------------
  May 1988 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -----------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 7, No. 5
              Editor: Kent Harker


  RANDI DAZZLES SAN FRANCISCO AUDIENCE
  by Yves Barbero

  [After a tour of China and Australia, James "The Amazing" Randi
  made an unscheduled stop in the Bay Area April 8th to speak about
  his investigations into the paranormal.]

  Randi reminded a jammed meeting house that although some impact
  has been made against the phony faith healers, they are still in
  business. Peter Popoff, for instance, was taking in one and a
  quarter million dollars a month at his peak, and declared himself
  bankrupt shortly after the publication of Randi's book, "The Faith
  Healers" (Prometheus, 1987). Despite the fact that Popoff's
  electronic tricks were exposed on national TV (the Johnny Carson
  show), he's now beginning to re-emerge via the radio.

  Randi said that the danger of faith healing is two-fold. One, it
  takes people from real medicine and two, it gets them into the
  habit of magical thinking.

  "Magic doesn't work!" he pointed out with emphasis. In a humorous
  allusion to his stagecraft he observed, "Cheating works better."

  Next he discussed the Chinese parapsychologist he met there who
  used children to demonstrate psychic powers. Although the man had
  great sincerity, a simple, double-blind experiment showed how
  easily the various claims could be disproved. There were ample
  opportunities for the children, who wanted to please their mentor,
  to cheat. The Chinese, he said, have had little experience with
  elementary precautions such as the double-blind method, and were
  so pleased with his demonstration of the technique that they
  invited him to return. He smiled and added, "...and I haven't even
  finished high school."

  In one setup, Randi demonstrated that when a traditional healer was
  not in the same room as his patient, despite the fact that he
  claimed to be able to control his patient's movements, there was
  no apparent correlation between their actions even though the
  healer claimed that the healing method, based on the pseudo-
  scientific meridian acupuncture system, a form of sympathetic
  magic, would work even if he were "half a world away."

  Moving on to Australia, and with the connivance of the Australian
  version of "60 Minutes," he brought in "Carlos," an alleged


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  channeler, who in fact was a gentleman named Jose Alvarez. They did
  everything to make the ringer seem unpalatable, including the
  growth of a "bandito" mustache and a stooped walk. They made
  outrageous claims about his background, claims that even a
  rudimentary check would have exposed. The object was to test the
  press's gullibility.

  They fell for it, hook, line and sinker. "Carlos" was an instant
  hit. They packed the Sydney Opera House with channeling believers.
  Great amounts of money were offered for his services and, Randi
  added, they could have sold his "crystals" (actually lucite) for
  thousands of dollars.

  Only the Australian Skeptics decided to check up on him, but, due
  to their almost nonexistent budget, the reply to their letters of
  inquiry to the United States about this "Carlos" didn't arrive
  until after "60 Minutes" exposed the hoax.

  "Nobody checked anything!" Randi said, despite the fact that
  Australia had already been hoaxed by Steve Turbot, a.k.a. Bob
  Steiner, a few years before in much the same manner.

  He concluded his talk by saying that people have a choice. They
  can be dragged back into the cave by psychics who offer
  superstition or they can take part in the great adventure of
  science which will someday take us to the stars.


  CREATIONIST COUNTER
  by Everett Peterson

  [Mr. Peterson is a devout Christian and articulate defender of
  creationism. He has followed the creation/evolution debate for many
  years and has written extensively on this and Christian apologetics
  in general. "BASIS" welcomes his rebuttal.]

  The April 1988 issue of "BASIS" carried an article titled, 2nd Law
  vs. Creationism, by Jim Ardini and Dick Kidd. They wrote,
  "Scientific creationists claim the 2nd Law denies the possibility
  that a closed system can spontaneously become more `organized'.
  Since life forms are more highly organized than their inanimate
  precursors, it could not have arisen without divine intervention,
  they say."

  In order to enlighten us with information that the creationists
  supposedly do not know, or at least do not admit, they made the
  following statement: "The earth's surface has never been an
  isolated system because it has always received energy from the sun.
  Therefore, there can be local decreases in entropy at the earth's
  surface while, at the same time, the entropy of the sun-earth
  system essentially an isolated system, increases."

  However, if they had done a little more research, they would have

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  found this statement by Dr. Henry Morris, in the book, "Scientific
  Creationism", p.33, which says the same thing.

  "Although it is true that the two laws of thermodynamics are
  defined in terms of isolated systems, it is also true that in the
  real world there is no such thing as an isolated system. ALL
  systems in reality are open systems and, furthermore, they are all
  open, in greater or lesser degree, directly or indirectly, to the
  energy from the sun... There do exist a few types of systems in the
  world where one sees an apparent increase in order, superficially
  offsetting the decay tendency specified by the Second Law. Examples
  are the growth of a seed into a tree, the growth of a fetus unto
  an adult animal, and growth of a pile of bricks and girders into
  a building."

  Ardini and Kidd continued their quote by saying, "The evolution of
  living things is simply a local decrease of entropy and is not a
  violation of the 2nd law."

  Let us let Dr. Morris answer this.

  "Now, if one examines closely all such systems to see what it is
  that enables them to supersede the Second Law locally and
  temporarily (in each case, of course, the phenomenon is only
  ephemeral, since the organism eventually dies and the building
  eventually collapses), he will find in every case, at least two
  essential criteria that must be satisfied: (a) THERE MUST BE A
  PROGRAM TO DIRECT THE GROWTH (b) THERE MUST BE A POWER CONVERTER
  TO ENERGIZE THE GROWTH. The available environmental energy is of
  no avail unless it can be converted into the specific forms needed
  to organize and bond the components into the complex and ordered
  structure of the completed system."

  Ardini and Kidd must address this last point if they are to
  maintain that creationists don't know what they are talking about.
  We all know that the sun's energy, while necessary to preserve
  life, is destructive. Things do NOT "spontaneously become more
  organized" when left to themselves, as they claimed. We must
  constantly work to transfer the sun's energy into a form that can
  be utilized for man's benefit.

  Ardini and Kidd then referred to Stanley Miller's experiment in the
  50s in which they say that he "produced, from simple precursors in
  a closed system, complex organic molecules required by life forms."

  This, they say, is "rudely violating the creationist's law of
  entropy."

  Morris already explained that when there is a program to direct the
  growth of something, and there is a power converter to energize
  that growth, then the 2nd Law is superseded. Miller devised the
  "program" and supplied the "power converter." The results did not
  happen "spontaneously." So Ardini and Kidd are hitting at a straw
  man.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  They also are a bit in error in their explanation of Miller's
  experiment, which they describe as follows: "Into a closed but not
  isolated system -- a sealed glass bulb containing a soup of raw
  chemicals -- he introduced ultraviolet light and high-voltage
  electricity, conditions that were believed to duplicate the early
  earth's surface. In short order complex organic molecules were
  produced."

  Miller's experiment was written up in "Science", vol.117, pp.528,
  529, a copy of which I have before me. The energy source was NOT
  ultraviolet light.

  "Electrical discharge was used to form free radicals INSTEAD OF
  ULTRAVIOLET LIGHT." (emphasis mine)

  The second discrepancy is Ardini and Kidd's use of the phrase, "in
  short order." This seems to imply that the results were obtained
  while one watched and that the output was substantial. However,
  Miller reported that "the discharge was run continuously for a
  week," and, "The total yield was small for the energy expended."

  Another point to clear up is that of the composition of the
  apparatus used, and its contents. It was NOT just a "sealed glass
  bulb containing a soup of raw chemicals." First, the material
  zapped by electrical discharge was NOT a soup,a term that implies
  a liquid. The mixture was a gas. Next, the apparatus was a
  sophisticated piece of equipment. The diagram of it is complex, and
  Miller describes it in these words: "Water is boiled in the flask,
  mixes with the gases in the 5-1 flask, circulates past the
  electrodes, condenses and empties back into the boiling flask. A
  U-tube prevents circulation in the opposite direction."

  As Morris said, "We do not disparage in any way the impressive
  achievements of biochemists working in this field." But I must
  point out several things about this experiment. Its purpose was,
  Miller said, "to test this hypothesis," i.e., Oparin's idea of the
  composition of earth's primitive atmosphere. He just added the
  electrical discharge, saying that it "may have played a significant
  role in the formation of compounds in the primitive atmosphere."

  The title of Miller's article was, "A Production of Amino Acids
  Under Possible Primitive-Earth Conditions." But while he was
  testing out the supposed "primitive" conditions, he added something
  to his apparatus that certainly was NOT primitive. And that was the
  U-tube which he installed to keep the circulation going in just one
  direction.

  There were four phases in the experiment. First, the boiling water
  phase to produce water vapor. Second, the gaseous phase where the
  water vapor was mixed with the other gases. Third, the combined
  gases were forced into a neck in the apparatus and bombarded with
  electrical discharge. And fourth, the water vapor was condensed and
  settled into the U-tube section. Miller stated, "The acids and


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  amino acids formed in the discharge, not being volatile, accumulate
  in the water phase."

  Apparently, if Miller had let the acids circulate into the boiling
  phase, they would have been destroyed right after they had been
  formed. But where in the supposed primitive Earth would there have
  been such a trap, to collect the acids that had been formed?

  Undoubtedly there are creationist ideas that one could fault. But
  Ardini and Kidd did not prove that the area they were criticizing
  was one of them. A little more research on their part would have
  revealed what I found. It is hoped that they would add the above
  clarifications to the paper on thermodynamics that they pass out
  to their students.


  KURTZ IN OAKLAND

  Dr. Paul Kurtz, a man who needs no introduction to skeptics and
  humanists, is coming to speak to the Secular Humanists of the East
  Bay, at 411 28th Street, Oakland (Oakland Humanist Fellowship) on
  Saturday, May 7 at 11 a.m. There will also be a reception for Dr.
  Kurtz in the afternoon, at another location, at 2 p.m. for which
  a $2.00 donation is suggested. Since space is limited for this
  gathering, SHEB respectfully requests that you 'phone for
  reservations. Call Marlene at (415) 486-0553.


  COUNTER COUNTER
  by the Editor

  What is the logical basis for Mr. Peterson's argument? Creationists
  allege that if evolution were true it would violate the 2nd law of
  thermodynamics because increasing complexity occurs, so evolution
  must be false. (As a side issue, one of the mainstay creationist
  arguments is that evolutionary theory is non-falsifiable, and
  therefore non-scientific dogma, requiring just as much faith as
  their belief in a 6,000-year-old universe -- and then they set
  about raising propositions to prove evolution is false.)

  Their logic is that complexity cannot NATURALLY increase (this
  would be a DECREASE in entropy). Is this true? In other words, is
  it possible for things to go from a less- to a more-orderly state
  without help? The 2nd law says it cannot -- in a CLOSED system.
  Which implies, of course, that it can in an "open" system. Since
  the law clearly allows entropy decrease under certain
  circumstances, how do creationists deal with this exception?

  The premise for Mr. Peterson's thesis appears to be that entropy
  decrease can occur only if some kind of intelligent direction is
  coupled with the available energy, even though the law does not say
  an open, INTELLIGENT system. They point out that a seed has DNA

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  software to direct solar energy to decrease its entropy as it
  grows, for example.

  An important key to the matter lies in a subtlety that the apostle
  of creationism, Dr. Henry Morris of the Institute for Creation
  Research (ICR) tries out on us in the quote from Mr. Peterson's
  rebuttal: "Although it is true that the two laws of thermodynamics
  are defined in terms of isolated systems, it is also true that in
  the real world there is no such thing as isolated systems."
  Therefore, according to Dr. Morris, entropy cannot EVER decrease
  naturally, even though he does not want to come right out and say
  it.

  The tactic is clear, and it is a polemical device. Moreover, Ardini
  and Kidd (April "BASIS") addressed the question of ideal systems
  in their article by stating that systems are "essentially
  isolated." The fact is that all scientific laws are formulated for
  ideal conditions. Boyle's law which relates temperature and
  pressure of a gas is only valid under ideal conditions. Because a
  sample of gas never exists in ideal conditions, can this be
  stretched to imply that all pressure and volume relations are
  therefore invalid? Does it mean that Boyle's Law has no application
  in the real world?

  We know conditions are not ideal, BUT WE ALSO KNOW HOW AND IN WHAT
  DEGREE THEY DIFFER FROM IDEAL SO AS TO MAKE NECESSARY CORRECTIONS
  WHEN WE APPLY THE LAW. The speed of light (c) is only valid in a
  perfect vacuum, and since there is no such thing as a perfect
  vacuum, should we maintain that real-life considerations of c are
  without merit? This is all painfully absurd, and it demonstrates
  that the ICR is at least as concerned about tactics as the truth.

  Can one find examples in nature in which entropy is going in the
  "wrong" direction, i.e. decreasing?

  Ardini and Kidd gave an example to show entropy in an (essentially)
  open system can naturally increase. Mr. Peterson chose to attack
  the Miller-Urey experiments on grounds other than what the example
  was trying to present: simply that entropy may decrease in an open
  system. It is irrelevant whether or not the equipment was simple
  or elaborate, or whether humans manufactured and assembled the
  apparatus.

  The point is they were trying to duplicate the earth's complex
  systems, and it is no small feat to duplicate those conditions by
  a "U-tube" or any other means. Moreover, Peterson only offers an
  opinion that the experiment does not replicate the primeval
  biosphere. While we agree it may be impossible to determine to a
  high degree of certainty what the primitive conditions of the earth
  were, that must not cause us to capitulate to ignorance and bow our
  heads in defeat.

  To say that, since we are not PRESENTLY sure how life originated
  it was therefore supernaturally accomplished is to fold up all of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  our equipment, abandon science, go home and sit in a corner and
  read the Bible. Thank God for our indomitable inquisitiveness. The
  creationist logic seems to be, "Since we don't presently know how
  it happened, we know: God did it."

  The ICR logic is lifted to new heights of absurdity when it insists
  its view is scientific. There is nothing particularly wrong with
  believing that life originated by divine decree -- in fact it might
  be true, but it is not science.

  The creationist bag of tricks is not empty yet, for Dr. Morris
  comes within a razor's edge of contradicting himself in "What Is
  Creation Science?", co-authored by Gary Parker, on page 166:
  "Entropy always TENDS to increase in ANY system. [original
  emphasis]" Again, this is a polemical gambit that strives to draw
  the inquirer away from the real problem, viz. that there can indeed
  be an entropy decrease by using that word "tends." The attempt of
  the expression is to cut the question to such a narrow ledge that
  the reader will fall off trying to see where the 2nd law allows
  natural decreases. The earth system is indeed TENDING toward
  increasing entropy, but that cannot erase the clear evidence that
  there is, if only temporarily, local entropy decrease. Morris'
  statement is designed to turn our attention from the present
  reality to the ultimate reality in hopes we will overlook the
  former.

  Mr. Peterson wants us to clamber aboard his train when he is so
  sure that we collectively agree with him: "We all know that the
  sun's energy, while necessary to preserve life, is destructive."

  Is energy, from the sun or otherwise, ALWAYS only destructive? Is
  there anything in the universe that can be achieved without the
  expenditure of energy? The supposition that energy may only sustain
  or destroy the existing complexity of systems is quite simply
  wrong. Peterson merely restates the 2nd law, which says that
  entropy can only (ideally) remain constant or increase, ignoring
  the exception in which energy can naturally build and construct.

  Consider a supernova. The formation of a large star begins with the
  coalescence of matter most all of which is hydrogen. Through
  gravitational collapse, the energy is sufficient to begin a LOCAL
  reversal of the entropy machine to create more complex elements by
  fusion beginning when the star is born. Upon the death of these
  super-massive stars, the overall entropy cost of the exploding star
  to create new elements is staggering -- the star is destroyed. Even
  in its death throes there is creation: the so-called "heavy"
  elements (above iron) are formed. The 2nd law is a brutal and
  niggardly taskmaster; his exchange ratio is a farthing on the
  dollar.

  For an example closer to home, when atmospheric conditions are just
  right, a calm, cloudless day can be turned into a seething tempest:
  a violent thunderstorm. Entropy has greatly decreased in going from
  the homogeneous calm to the storm conditions, and the increased

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  energy available to do work is sadly manifest in the destruction
  wrought by a tornado as it rips a swath across the land. (Just
  watch creationists miss the point of this example of decreased
  entropy OF the storm by jumping to the destruction produced BY the
  storm. They will say destruction is the only result of the entropy
  change, not creation.)

  What is the net energy cost of these local entropy decreases here
  on earth? On the scale of the solar system, the most complex
  changes here are but tempests of the teapot variety. The earth
  receives less than 1% of the sun's total energy, and most of that
  is wasted in heat. The overall expense is billions of watts per
  hour squandered to make almost immeasurably tiny entropy decreases
  here on our minuscule orb floating in the abyss of space. The cost
  of life on earth could be described as a profligate waste of energy
  but for our self-centered anthropomorphism. There were a lot of
  perfectly good photons wasted over the eons while producing the
  most noble among us.

  Nobel physicist Murray Gell-Mann observed that the notion that
  scientists world wide have suffered the same mental lapse in
  failing to notice that evolution violates the 2nd law makes as much
  sense as asserting that physicists have overlooked the liquid
  properties of water.

  Creationists precipitate further problems by making a jumble of
  biological evolution and abiogenesis -- these are two distinct
  areas of study. Biological evolution is considered pretty much a
  closed question. Study and controversy only continue over some of
  the mechanisms, not whether it happened. But all evolutionary
  scenarios assume the existence of life. How life first originated
  is still very much an open question, and theories about that are
  as diverse as the number of researchers.

  Creationists don't want to accept this important distinction
  because it would force them to argue against their literalist
  Genesis account, and they would have to recognize that the first
  life, however it originated, was simple and that within billions
  of years that simple life diversified and proliferated into the
  vast (some 3+ million distinct species) store that is life on earth
  today. Darwin recognized the formidable gulf that exists between
  inanimate matter and the simplest living things. He said there was
  at least as great a distance between elementary life and humans as
  there is between inanimate material and elementary life.

  Ultimately, creationist must bow to the truth that complexity can
  indeed occur locally, but they quickly rejoin that the 2nd law is
  not elastic enough to allow the manifest complexity of LIFE -- it
  is altogether too complex. Here again is a matter quite apart from
  the heart of the issue. Life may be so complex and unlikely that
  it has occurred but once in the entire universe, or God may have
  sprinkled it all over the place, or animation may be an almost
  inevitable consequence of certain (uncommon) initial conditions.
  To confuse this question with the statement of the 2nd law seems

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  like yet another diversionary ploy -- an attempt to keep the
  scientifically unsophisticated off balance with scientific-sounding
  rhetoric.

  If we peel away the last layer of this creationist argument, we
  find in the core the "Argument From Design": all this complexity
  could not happen naturally -- it requires an intelligent
  designer.And it is here the creationist wants to bring an end to
  all inquiry before we may in turn ask how the most highly
  organized, complex entity in the universe -- God -- came to be. Of
  course, sauce for the goose is not sauce for the gander; we must
  explain (for which we do not complain) but this creationist
  position is declared immune from question.

  Evolution means gradual change. The FACT of evolution is the fossil
  record: there is a mountain of ever-accumulating data showing a
  world-wide progression from very simple to very complex over
  enormous time spans. The THEORIE(S) of evolution are attempts to
  explain how that increasing complexity occurred. Natural science
  seeks to find natural means whereby it happened.

  Some religions -- and I emphasize some, because the major Christian
  religions have accepted the evidence of evolution -- allege divine
  fiat over six, 24-hour days. This is a theory, but not a scientific
  one, because there is absolutely no way to verify or falsify it,
  since any natural law may be abnegated by this fiat. There is
  nothing that could disprove an assertion that everything came into
  being 15 seconds ago, complete with a memory and appearance of a
  non-existent past, by a wave of Jehovah's hand. Because
  creationists' suppositions are not scientific, scientists (and most
  other religions) strenuously oppose their attempts to have their
  faith presented as science in the public school system.


  CHIROPRACTIC: FROM THE INSIDE

  J. Keating, PhD, Director of Research at Northwest College of
  Chiropractic and Robert Mootz, DC, Asst. Dean at Palmer College of
  Chiropractic, presented a revealing picture of the status of
  science from within chiropractic. Posing chiropractic as primarily
  a clinical art, the authors state that DCs only pay lip service to
  the role of science in chiropractic, and that the dominant
  chiropractic metaphors have functioned to inhibit the development
  of chiropractic science.

  They say that many view chiropractic science as a system of
  knowledge which requires only the application of deductive
  reasoning. This view, "combined with isolation from the scientific
  and allied health care communities have been an important
  obstruction to science within chiropractic," they candidly offer.
  They "believe that significant increases in chiropractic research
  are not likely so long as the prevailing beliefs and attitudes
  (philosophy) in chiropractic fail to support and encourage

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  scientific efforts."

  Five areas of prevailing attitudes which impede scientific
  development were identified and elaborated. They are: (1) The
  definition of science, (2) research priorities in chiropractic
  science, (3) the practitioner's role in chiropractic science, (4)
  interdisciplinary dialogue and research and (5) the goals of
  scientific research.

  The authors state that "Chiropractors have good political reasons
  to encourage manipulation research," and that "organized medicine's
  continuing (and accurate) criticism of chiropractic's lack of
  rigorous data to support the clinical art" must be addressed if
  chiropractic is to make significant progress toward scientific
  credibility.

  (Reported in "NCAHF", the National Council Against Health Fraud,
  Feb. 1988.)


  A RATIONAL EXPLANATION FOR ONE ASPECT OF UFO BEHAVIOR
  by Jef Raskin

  UFOs are often claimed to be either extraterrestrial or
  supernatural on a number of bases. One of these is the observed
  acceleration of the UFO. Observers such as airline pilots, whose
  reliability seems unimpeachable, and whose reports do not go beyond
  describing the behavior of a remote object (that is, do not raise
  the kinds of questions raised by an encounter of the third kind),
  have reported accelerations beyond anything that humans could
  survive and often beyond anything achievable by human technology.

  I have observed such accelerations twice. The first occurred when
  I was driving across the desert with a companion. I suddenly
  noticed an orange light floating in the sky as I looked through the
  center of the windshield of my truck. As we drove on, it slowly
  drifted to the left, then surprisingly accelerated to the left and
  upwards and disappeared into the sky.

  I stopped the truck a few seconds later and got out. My companion
  had not seen the object, and I could see nothing in the sky.

  Being a skeptic, I found this very clear sighting somewhat
  disturbing, and decided to investigate further. After waiting a few
  minutes to see if it might come back, I turned the truck around,
  drove back a mile or so, turned around again and drove the way I
  had first come. All of a sudden, there was the light, and it
  performed the same accelerating and vanishing act. At the same
  time, my companion noticed a sodium vapor lamp some distance off
  to our right, nearly invisible except within a narrow line of sight
  between two hills. When I backed up, the apparent light in the sky
  retreated. It was a reflection of the light in the windshield of
  the truck, which, when it reached the smaller radius of curvature

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  at the ends of the windshield, seemed to move much more quickly and
  vanish.

  I was struck with the apparent reality of what I had seen, and
  would suggest that any report of moving lights seen from a moving
  vehicle be treated with special skepticism. A very strong illusion
  of a remote flying object can be created by reflections darting
  across the window of a moving vehicle. Ripples in the glass can
  cause even more amazing apparent behavior of a light in the sky.

  The second and more interesting observation of acceleration
  happened a month ago, while I was standing on my porch looking east
  from my house in the Santa Cruz mountains on a clear evening when
  there was just enough light to see the outlines of the Diablo
  Mountains. My house is at an altitude of 1500 feet overlooking
  Silicon Valley from Monte Bello ridge.

  A white light was moving slowly from south to north. I took this
  light to be an aircraft at an altitude between 1500 and 3000 feet.
  I was confident in this altitude judgment since the light was lower
  than the peak of Mt. Hamilton (about 3600 feet) and at or above my
  line of sight. It is not easy to judge whether a remote object is
  slightly above or below your position, but I had often taken
  sightings on the mountains with my Suunto optical level and had a
  number of accurate reference points. The light seemed to be about
  10 miles away.

  It is nearly impossible to accurately estimate the distance to a
  point light source by eye. In this case, I had a maximum of 17
  miles to the mountains behind the light, which fixed an upper
  bound: my guess was based on seeing many aircraft land at San Jose
  and on the ASSUMPTION that this was an aircraft with a light of
  typical brightness. I have no real basis for determining a lower
  bound to the distance except that it was at infinity as far as my
  binocular vision was concerned. I was amazed when the light
  accelerated with what seemed impossible rapidity.

  Within a few seconds, the light accelerated to about ten times its
  former speed. At first I had thought the object was a light
  aircraft traveling at about 100 mph. Now, it seemed to be going
  about 1000 mph. I should mention that I have a lifelong hobby of
  plane watching. I often listen to aircraft and ground
  communications as I watch planes coming in and out of the three
  airports in my view, so I often know exactly how far a plane is
  from me when it is landing or taking off. I also know their speeds
  -- the landing speeds for airplanes are published in Jane's "All
  the World's Aircraft". Thus my eyes are probably better calibrated
  than those of the average observer. As a consequence of my
  experience, I was especially startled by the incredible
  acceleration.

  I rushed to get my 8 X 56 night binoculars but the object was lost
  from view by the time I ran outside again. After a few minutes, I
  saw another impossibly sudden but somewhat smaller acceleration.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  This time I was able to make out a perfectly ordinary aircraft with
  the binoculars: it was closer to me than I had thought when viewing
  with the naked eye.

  The explanation turned out to be simple: Some aircraft have a fixed
  light visible from nearly any direction. This light is often much
  brighter than the flashing lights on the same plane so that the
  light is not immediately identifiable as an aircraft. The plane had
  been flying on a path nearly toward me, and its apparent motion
  across my field of view was very slow. Since aircraft rarely fly
  below 100 miles per hour, my impression was that of a plane flying
  perpendicular to my line of sight at about 100 miles per hour and
  farther away than it was. Then it turned so that its path was
  perpendicular to my line of sight. Since I was at about the same
  height as the aircraft, there is no way to tell that it had turned.

  Mentally holding to the original impression of a speed of 100 mph,
  and assuming that its path was a straight line since it looks that
  way, the light seems to undergo a sudden acceleration. An illusion
  of deceleration is, of course, also possible.

  I was thus satisfied that I had seen nothing impossible and that,
  in the absence of other information, there is a rational
  explanation for apparent sudden accelerations of lights that must
  be ruled out before more spectacular explanations need be
  considered.

  It also occurred to me that my observations might explain a number
  of otherwise inexplicable UFO sightings, including those made by
  experienced observers such as pilots, who often fly at about the
  same altitude as other aircraft. A person on the ground might see
  the same illusion if a plane is descending toward him or her and
  makes a turn, or if it is so distant that its apparent path is
  close to a straight line even when it turns.

  Any reports of a light suddenly changing direction and accelerating
  should be treated with extreme suspicion and are almost certainly
  instances of the illusion that would have convinced me that I had
  seen an eerie phenomenon were I less of a skeptic.

  [Jef Raskin is best known for having originated the Apple Macintosh
  computer. He has been a skeptic for many years, ever since the
  sixth grade when he was taken on a Flying Saucer watch by family
  friends. On the expedition he identified aircraft and satellites
  where believers saw the lights of extraterrestrial visitors (he
  cheated by bringing along binoculars). The other thing he learned
  at the same time was that speaking the truth is not always
  welcome.]


  FEBRUARY MEETING
  by Ivan Linderman


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  The February meeting was well attended (about 50) and about one-
  third of those had had dealings with cults (Krishnas, EST, etc.).

  The speaker, Richard Gallyot, was introduced as a Cult Buster (he
  counsels the families of those who have entered cults) who had come
  to know many of the People's Temple members while managing a nearby
  flower shop. Following the Jonestown deaths in 1978, Mr. Gallyot
  interviewed most of the surviving members.

  Ironically, Gallyot became the subject of controversy to those in
  attendance when it appeared he believed that the whole Jonestown
  debacle was some sort of government conspiracy. He offered several
  examples he thought demonstrated the conspiracy link, but most in
  the audience were unconvinced. Don Henvick made a "psychic
  prediction" that Gallyot would run into trouble when he entered
  into the conspiracy notions. Don proved to be correct. In fairness,
  Richard prefaced his talk by saying some of his conclusions were
  his own, although he hedged by invoking the well-known "residual
  effect", claiming that if "75% of what he said was mistaken,
  there's still that 25% that needs looking into."

  Using a 1976 videotape of a Jim Jones sermon in Ukiah (poorly
  prepared by Temple members), Gallyot illustrated some of the
  techniques used by Jones to control his followers:

  1. THE CULT LEADER HAS SPECIAL POWERS. Jones mysteriously
  materializes lost objects from the ether, discloses personal facts
  about a cult member that could not have been previously known to
  him, and, the most outrageous display of chicanery, faked his own
  assassination and then claimed to resurrect himself. In the
  videotape, Jones described how he removed the nurse's fingers from
  the bullet holes, passed his hands over the wounds, and was made
  whole again!

  2. THE CULT LEADER AS GOD. Repeatedly, Jones said things like "I,
  the God...shall do all the miracles your God said he'd do but never
  did. Modestly, Jones claimed, "It's a great effort to be God..."
  and offered to pass on these labors to anyone who wanted them.

  3. THE CULT LEADER DESTROYS CURRENT BELIEF AND FILLS THIS VOID WITH
  BELIEF IN HIMSELF. Jones said, "I have come in the phenomenon of
  religion to get people out of religion." Jim Jones stomped on a
  Bible to remove existing belief systems, so that Jim Jones, the
  God, is the only remaining belief system.

  4. THE CULT LEADER IS THE ONLY SOURCE OF PROTECTION. Jones told a
  member she was almost killed in an automobile accident except for
  his spiritual protection: "I wasn't there, but I AM there!"

  The most chilling portion of Mr. Gallyot's talk concerned the
  murder of disaffected cult members. Many lived in hiding for a long
  time in mortal fear.

  5. THE CULT LEADER OBTAINS OFFICIAL PUBLIC SUPPORT. Jones used

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  bribery to public officials by providing block votes and free
  political workers from the Temple ranks. False rumor and then
  blackmail were used to bring officials into line.

  The power of this demonstrated that the cult then has protection.
  Six months before the Jonestown deaths, cult member escapees
  reported to officials that mass suicide was being planned and
  rehearsed. These were dismissed as the ravings of paranoid former
  cult members.

  As to how and why people become cult members, Mr. Gallyot provided
  the following comments:

  1. PEOPLE DON'T USUALLY INTEND ON JOINING CULTS.

  2. CULTS CAREFULLY SELECT VULNERABLE PEOPLE FOR RECRUITMENT. Cults
  seek out aimless, lonely, hurting, and those without a support
  system.

  3. CULTS TELL PEOPLE WHAT THEY WANT TO HEAR. Jonestown was billed
  as a paradise on earth, the solution to all problems.

  4. ONCE CAPTURED, ESCAPE FROM A CULT IS DIFFICULT. The new recruit
  is rarely left alone. Drugs, sleep and dietary deprivation, hard
  physical work, and punishment combine to control every waking
  moment of the initiate's life. Murder may be the ultimate threat
  for dissention.

  My conclusion was that Cult Mind Control (and perhaps Political
  Mind Control) is a disease that can effect anyone -- even a cult
  buster. All it takes is a susceptible host, a portal of entry, and
  a sufficiently virulent organism in sufficient numbers. Something
  like catching a cold. Only much worse.

  [Ivan has an M.S. in cell biology, was a research scientist for
  about seven years, and now is V.P. of his own company in San
  Rafael.]


  JUST WHEN YOU THOUGHT IT WAS SAFE TO TEACH EVOLUTION!

  Dr. Eugenie Scott, BAS advisor and Executive Director of the
  National Center for Science Education, will be our speaker at the
  May meeting.

  What has happened since the Supreme Court case in which
  creationists lost their bid to have creationism required in the
  public schools? There have been a number of interesting
  developments, which Dr. Scott will discuss, including a case in
  federal district court in Chicago filed by a creationist who
  asserts it is his First Amendment right to teach creationism in his
  class.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  Eugenie has been a tireless soldier in the battle against
  creationist attempts for equal time in the public schools. She
  earned her Ph.D. in anthropology from the University of Missouri,
  and taught at the University of Kentucky, University of Colorado,
  and in the California State College system. Her special interest
  is medical anthropology and health fraud.

  Be sure to put this event on your agenda. See the "Calendar" for
  directions.

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the May, 1988 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1988 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
