{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T14:41:29Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 68656, "source_ctime_ns": 1788531963081951475, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-02.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788531963078939666, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-02.pdf", "source_sha256": "c4aa16251ef6b3d0ee00705721351d6e5ef4a64ac598cfe1992a46f525e9f31f"}

----------------------------------------------------------
  February 1989 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ----------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 8, No. 2
              Editor: Kent Harker


  DEGREES OF FOLLY: PART I
  by William Bennetta

  [On 8 December 1988, the "New York Times" told that the Institute
  for Creation Research -- the most prominent center of creationist
  pseudoscience in the United States -- had suffered a setback: The
  California State Department of Education had barred the ICR from
  issuing masters' degrees in science.

  That news, by itself, might not have seemed remarkable, for the
  ICR's charlatanry had been widely publicized for several years, and
  the idea of the ICR's awarding degrees in science was absurd. But
  the "Times" also told some things that surely WERE remarkable. The
  ICR already had been approved once by the Department, some seven
  years earlier, and actually had been passing out degrees. Moreover,
  the ICR's new application for approval, submitted in 1987, had led
  to some strange proceedings: The Department had sent a committee
  of five men to examine the ICR's programs, and three had voted
  favorably. The application had been denied only after one of the
  three changed his vote.

  How had all this happened?

  Here is the first part of an article in which Bill Bennetta, one
  of BAS's advisors, will answer that question. Bennetta has
  collected the relevant documents and has interviewed the members
  of the committee. In this installment, he tells how the committee's
  visit to the ICR resulted in a misleading report that omitted or
  distorted anything that might have conveyed the real nature of the
  ICR, its aims and its programs. Next month, he will recount how two
  members of the committee later told the real story, and he will
  describe what occurred after that.]

  When California's legislature adopted the Private Postsecondary
  Education Act of 1977, its statement of legislative intent spoke
  of "protecting the integrity of degrees and diplomas" issued by
  private institutions.

  The Act sought, among other things, to impose discipline on the
  operation of unaccredited schools and to inhibit the distribution
  of bogus degrees by diploma mills. It said that no school in
  California could award degrees unless the school had been certified
  by a recognized accreditation agency or had been approved by the
  superintendent of public instruction -- the chief of the State


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  Department of Education. To gain the superintendent's approval, the
  school would have to demonstrate, to a committee of examiners, that
  its academic resources and programs were comparable to those at
  accredited schools that offered their same degrees.

  In 1981, when the superintendent was Wilson Riles, the Department
  overtly scorned the legislature's vision: After what was evidently
  a mock examination that would seem superficially to comply with the
  Act, it approved the granting of advanced degrees in science and
  in science education by the Institute for Creation Research (ICR).

  The ICR (which then was in El Cajon, but now is in Santee) is the
  creation of Henry Morris, a fundamentalist preacher and former
  engineer who poses as an expert in geology, biology, paleontology
  and various other fields in which he has no detectable credentials.
  Like Morris himself, the ICR is avidly committed to "creation-
  science," the fundamentalist enterprise that seeks technical
  validation for the doctrine that the Holy Bible is an absolutely
  accurate account of history and an infallible textbook of science.

  The functionaries of the ICR spend a lot of their time in devising
  quasi-scientific "evidences" that will seem to verify the Bible's
  creation narratives, other biblical episodes, and the
  fundamentalists' belief that the age of the universe is only 6,000
  years -- a figure based on the sum of the lifespans of the
  patriarchs listed in the Book of Genesis. They spend even moretime
  in purporting to refute evolutionary views of the universe, of
  Earth, and of living things. (Henry Morris has suggested that the
  concept of evolution was devised by Satan himself and other "evil
  spirits," while they were perched atop the Tower of Babel. (1)

  At first glance, doing "creation-science" may seem to be a tough
  job: Isn't it hard to peddle, as scientific, a book that says that
  beetles have only four feet and that a newborn animal's color
  pattern is determined by what the parent animals happened to see
  when they were mating? In fact, the job is easy, because "creation-
  science" has nothing to do with science; nor is it intended to win
  the allegiance of scientists or of anybody else who might be
  tempted to count a beetle's feet or to think about genetics.
  Instead, it has been concocted for two extra-scientific audiences
  and two extra-scientific purposes.

  The first purpose is to bolster the religious faith and anti-
  intellectualism of fundamentalists at large, most of whom know
  nothing of science and very little of what the Bible really says;
  rather than reading the Bible itself, they rely on preachers'
  accounts e biblical beliefs seem scientific to public officials
  -- who typically know as little as the fundamentalists know about
  science or about the Bible -- so that such beliefs can be injected
  into public-school science classrooms.

  Given their naive audiences, the creation-scientists are free to
  reject most of 20th-century science and to offer in its place a
  stew of weird tales and fatuous assertions, spiced with distorted

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  quotations from legitimate scientific literature. They offer an
  astronomy in which the asteroids seem to have originated during a
  battle between good and evil angels, (2) and in which the sun is,
  and always has been, continuously shrinking. (By extrapolating the
  shrinkage backward through time, they find that the solar system
  cannot be billions of years old, as scientists say it to be.) They
  offer an astrophysics in which the speed of light is adjustable,
  so that photons from remote galaxies, millions of light-years away,
  have been able to reach Earth in the mere 6,000 years since the
  universe began.

  They offer a geophysics in which rates of radioactive decay are
  capricious, so that radiometric dating can indicate that a rock is
  millions of years old although it really was formed only a few
  thousand years ago. They offer a geology in which many of Earth's
  features, including the fossil record of life, were formed during
  Noah's Flood. And they offer a biology in which organisms occur as
  immutable, separately created "kinds" -- a term that they have
  borrowed from the King James version of Genesis and that they
  cannot define or explain.

  To promote the dignification and dissemination of "creation-
  science," Henry Morris in 1981 set up something that he called the
  ICR Graduate School. And he promptly sought approval from the
  Department of Education to award masters' degrees -- not in Bible-
  study or religion but in geology, biology, "astro/geophysics" and
  science education.

  The Department's record of what ensued is far from complete, but
  it does retain the names of the people whom the Department picked
  to evaluate the four degree programs that the ICRGS had proposed.
  I have checked on those people, and I have found nothing to suggest
  that they were qualified to assess programs in science or in
  science education. There is, however, evidence that at least one
  of them was connected with the ICR or with some of the ICR's
  leaders.

  The result of their efforts was a signal event in the annals of
  quackery: In June 1981, Wilson Riles gave his Department's
  endorsement to the ICR and, in effect, lent the prestige of the
  state of California to the whole nonsensical business of "creation-
  science" -- talking serpent, shrinking sun, fantastic photons, and
  all.

  Like all approvals granted under the Act of 1977, the ICRGS's
  approval had a term of three years. If things had proceeded
  normally, the school would have had to apply again, and would have
  been examined again, in 1984. But in that year the legislature was
  amending the Act, so all existing approvals were extended for three
  years. The ICRGS did not have to re-apply, then, until the end of
  1987. Its application, signed by Henry Morris, was submitted on 24
  December.

  Consider the context in which that new application was received.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  During the preceding few years, "creation-science" and the men who
  purveyed it had been repeatedly exposed and publicly denounced by
  scientists and jurists alike. One of the most potent analyses had
  been issued in January 1982 by Judge William Overton, of the U. S.
  District Court in Little Rock, when he ruled unconstitutional an
  Arkansas statute that would have authorized the teaching of
  "creation-science" in that state's public schools.

  Overton wrote a highly readable, analytical opinion that considered
  the nature of science and showed repeatedly that "creation-science"
  was not science at all: It was biblical religion in disguise. His
  text described tactics by which specific creation-scientists had
  distorted science and had misrepresented their own enterprise; and
  among the people whom he named were Henry Morris and two other
  preachers who worked at the ICR -- Duane Gish and Richard Bliss.
  (Bliss, who was and is the ICR's "professor of science education,"
  thus became (as far as I know) the only such professor whose weird
  writings about science have been excoriated by a federal court.

  Creation-science soon suffered further debunking in a number of
  trenchant books, most of which analyzed specific antics of Morris,
  Gish and the ICR. These books included Niles Eldredge's "The Monkey
  Business" (1982), Norman Newell's "Creation and Evolution" (1982),
  Philip Kitcher's "Abusing Science: The Case Against Creationism"
  (1983) and Ashley Montagu's "Science and Creationism" (1984).

  In 1987 an especially conspicuous blow was dealt to "creation-
  science" by the Supreme Court, which upheld two lower courts in
  finding that a Louisiana creationism law -- very similar to the
  Arkansas statute that Overton had nullified -- was
  unconstitutional. Again, "creation-science" was found not to be
  science but to be an anti-scientific religious doctrine. (3)

  The Court's ruling preceded, by some six months, the ICRGS's
  application for renewed approval by California's Department of
  Education.

  The application was governed by section 94310.2 in Article 1.5 of
  the state's education code. Article 1.5 incorporates the Act of
  1977 and amendments to it. Section 94310.2 provides that the
  superintendent of public instruction shall not approve the granting
  of degrees by an unaccredited institution unless an assessment of
  each degree program has shown that "The curriculum is consistent
  in quality with curricula offered by appropriate established
  accredited institutions" and that "The course for which the degree
  is granted achieves its professed or claimed academic objective for
  higher education, with verifiable evidence of academic achievement
  comparable to that required of graduates of other recognized
  schools accredited by an appropriate accrediting commission. . .
  ."
  In the processing of the application, decisive roles were played
  by three officers of the Department. Bill Honig, who succeeded
  Wilson Riles in 1982, is the current superintendent of Public
  instruction. Joseph Barankin works directly for Honig, in

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  Sacramento, as an assistant superintendent and as the director of
  the Department's Private Postsecondary Education Division (PPED),
  the branch that handles all applications from postsecondary schools
  seeking state approval. Roy Steeves works for Barankin, at the
  Department's Los Angeles office, as an assistant director of the
  PPED.

  In March 1988, Barankin gave the ICRGS case to Steeves. Henry
  Morris and his associates by then had begun to amend their
  application to meet the PPED's standard requirements for
  documentation. They resubmitted it, in final form, on 9 June.
  During the next few weeks, Steeves recruited the committee that
  would visit the ICR, examine its programs, and recommend
  whether approval should be granted. By law, the actual decision
  about approval would rest wholly with Bill Honig, notwithstanding
  any finding or recommendation that the committee might report.

  The members of the committee were: Robert L. Kovach, professor of
  geophysics at Stanford; Stuart H. Hurlbert, professor of biology
  at San Diego State; G. Edwin Miller, vice-president for
  administration at United States International University (in San
  Diego); James A. Woodhead, professor of geology at Occidental
  College; and George F. Howe, professor of biology at The Master's
  College, a religious school in Newhall.

  The committee had no professor of education, even though one of the
  ICRGS's programs was in "science education" and was aimed chiefly
  at preparing teachers.

  The five men of the committee, along with Steeves (who was their
  coordinator), visited the ICR on 3, 4 and 5 August. Their report
  was typed in final form, and was signed by all five and by Steeves,
  on the 5th. It was spread over ten pages, but it had much blank
  space and several unfilled sheets; if competently designed, it
  would have fit onto six.

  The text of the report was, in a word, baloney. It continually
  omitted or obfuscated any information that might have told the real
  nature or aims of the ICR, the ICR's graduate school or the men on
  the schools's faculty, and it repeatedly promoted the pretense that
  the ICR was doing scientific work. For example:

  Since the spring of 1985, the ICR has published a quarterly booklet
  of devotional readings called "Days of Praise". Each issue has had,
  on its back cover, a some boiler-plate that calls the ICR "A UNIQUE
  complex of evangelistic, missionary and educational ministries" and
  lists the "ICR Graduate School of Creationist Science" as one of
  the "Typical ICR Ministries." Yet the report never told that the
  ICR itself calls the ICRGS a religious outlet.

  On page 2, the report said: "The stated purposes of ICR are
  twofold: to conduct research (and educational programs) with the
  goal of validating the theory of creation science and to conduct
  education programs primarily designed to train science teachers in

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  elementary and secondary schools. . . . (4) The three master's
  degrees in science relate to the first stated objective and the
  degree in science education relates to the other objective."

  THAT THROW-AWAY LINE ABOUT "VALIDATING THE THEORY" WAS THE ONLY
  REFERENCE TO "CREATION-SCIENCE" IN THE ENTIRE REPORT. THERE WAS NOT
  A WORD ABOUT ITS CONTENT OR ITS SORDID, RICHLY DOCUMENTED HISTORY.

  The report absolutely avoided a question that any alert reader must
  ask: If the "three master's degrees in science" were related to the
  objective of validating "creation-science," why were the degrees
  to be awarded in biology and geology and astro/geophysics and not
  in "creation-science"?

  Page 4 said: "We commend the institution for having recruited
  faculty members who have demonstrated academic and research
  capabilities." Yet the report did not cite any academic or research
  achievement by any member of the ICRGS faculty, nor had any
  such thing been claimed in the ICRGS's application. Indeed, one of
  the striking features of the application was that its resumes of
  faculty members FAILED TO SHOW ANY SCIENTIFIC PUBLICATION OR
  PROJECT.

  Page 5 said that the ICR's courses tried "to present a two-model
  evaluation addressed to the origin of life." There was nothing to
  tell what that meant. There was no explanation that the "two-model"
  system is the doctrine saying that every person must embrace
  either godless, pernicious, evolutionary science or fundamentalist
  Christianity. (No other religions merit consideration; this is why,
  conveniently, the number of models is only two.) There was no
  explanation that "two-model" nonsense had been soundly discredited
  and that Judge Overton had called it "a contrived dualism which
  has no scientific factual basis or legitimate educational purpose."

  The report was baloney through and through. Was it intended for a
  reader who knew nothing about the ICR and would rely on the report
  for all his information? If so, it would thoroughly mislead him.
  Was it intended for a reader who already knew much about the ICR?
  If so, it could only lead him to conclude that it had been composed
  by six rubes who had not done their homework and had been fully
  fooled by the ICR -- or that it had been composed by the ICR's own
  public-relations specialist.

  The report did include some comments that were critical of the ICR,
  but they were uniformly cryptic and incomprehensible. They
  mentioned for example, course titles that "did not accurately
  define course content"; courses that were "unstructured, with
  variable instructor contact time and inadequate or lacking
  classical textbooks"; "a great need to strengthen laboratory
  instruction and improve lab facilities"; and a failure to make an
  even presentation of "conventional interpretations of scientific
  evidence." But they never cited examples or told what they really
  were talking about, and so they never told what really was going
  on at the ICR.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  The report ended with a one-sentence paragraph: "The committee
  recommends to the superintendent by a vote of 3 to 2 that full
  institutional approval be granted."

  The superintendent, Bill Honig, was not misled. And professors
  Hurlbert and Woodhead, the two committee members who had voted
  against approval, soon submitted documents that furnished Honig
  with real information -- not only about the ICR but also about the
  fatuous proceedings of the committee itself.

                       End of Part I

                         NOTES:

  1. See chapter 3 of his book "The Troubled Waters of Evolution
  (second edition; 1982).

  2. See Henry Morris's book "The Remarkable Birth of Planet Earth"
  (1972).

  3. For a detailed account of the Louisiana case, see my two-part
  piece in the July/August and September/October 1988 issues of
  "Terra", the bimonthly of the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles
  County.

  4. Notice how the report adopted creationist lingo in falsely
  suggesting that the creationists have a "theory."


  FACE TALKS BACK
  by Roger Keeling

  [The following article is in rebuttal to John Hewitt's October
  "BASIS" piece on the Face on Mars. Roger Keeling is the coordinator
  on the Board of Directors of the Mars Project.]

  John Hewitt's article (Oct. 1988) is a facade of calm and measured
  reason, but of science, there is precious little . . . and that
  mostly in the form of notes caged from Michael Carr's book, "The
  Surface of Mars".

  Hewitt begins his attack with appeals to nameless authority, a
  scientific sin he commits repeatedly. He says, "Most scientists
  state flatly that there is `absolutely no evidence' for Hoagland's
  et al. claims."

  Most scientists? How does Hewitt know that "most scientists" have
  dismissed this? Has he done a survey to show that 51% of scientists
  have informed themselves about the matter, much less dismissed the
  anomalies as entirely natural?

  If such all-embracing opinion does exist in the scientific

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  community, why have scientists like Dr. David Webb (a member of
  the President's Commission on Space), Dr. John Brandenburg, Dr.
  Brian O'Leary, Dr. Randolfo Pozos, author Eric Burgess (co- founder
  of the British Interplanetary Society), and others supported
  further investigation? Why have NASA people like Chris McKay and
  Thomas Paine -- while carefully indicating their own skepticism -
  - publicly defended the Cydonia anomalies as of increasing interest
  to NASA?

  Hewitt doesn't qualify his use of "authority"; he simply waves it
  like a sword. And that is absurd.

  Nor is this an isolated slip. A bit later he says: "To professional
  planetologists, who specialize in interpreting the geomorphology
  of alien landscapes, there is nothing artificial whatsoever about
  the face. . . ."

  Make that, "To SOME professional planetologists," and the statement
  would be entirely true. Nor is he yet done with this mode of
  argument. Later, attempting to smear the reputation of Dr. Mark
  Carlotto, he says, "Most scientists remain unimpressed by
  Carlotto's effort."

  In reality Hewitt hasn't the slightest idea what "most scientists"
  think. He supports his "most scientists" nonsense by quoting one
  scientist, ignoring how Carlotto's article passed peer review prior
  to publication -- a peer review that was ESPECIALLY RIGOROUS
  precisely because of the subject matter's controversial nature.
  And he fails to note -- perhaps does not know -- that Dr. Carlotto
  is nationally recognized as one of the leading experts in the field
  of image enhancement and interpretation. Not only does Dr. Carlotto
  have impeccable academic credentials, but he currently heads a team
  of scientists who provide critically-vital interpretations of
  satellite imaging to the government.

  In any case, this absurd leitmotif of commanding readers to believe
  in a unanimity of opinion among professionals is at best
  intellectual sloppiness.

  Argument #2: Hewitt says, "The face does not live up to even the
  most basic claims of its promoters. It does not follow the profile
  of a face, human or prehuman." He expends much verbiage trying to
  convince readers of this. He says the Face has but one principal
  face-like feature -- "a single shadow which gives the illusion of
  an eye socket in the late afternoon light."

  Hewitt's argument is very innovative; before now, what common
  ground critics and proponents occupied was agreement that the Face
  does bear an uncanny resemblance to a face. Personally, I think
  critics and proponents STILL have this common ground; pardon my
  pun, but the images themselves create a prima facie case against
  Hewitt's argument.

  Indeed, judge for yourself. Here is frame 35A72.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  In it, MOST people see more than the suggestion of an eye socket;
  they see a nearly perfect eye-socket shape. Most see the precisely-
  aligned teeth. Most see the Face framed by a helmet or
  representation of hair. Most see the symmetrical criss-cross
  pattern of lines above the forehead. Most see a reasonable bi-
  symmetry to the overall structure. And most see how the shadow
  precisely follows the same line you see on a human head when
  starkly illuminated from about the 10 o'clock position. Most see
  how the shadow starts in the left temple, moves to the bridge of
  the nose, angles sharply around the nose, bisects the mouth, then
  angles sharply again into the throat area.

  Now we arrive at Hewitt's heavy artillery: his definitive disproof
  of our thesis. Indeed, based on this argument, Hewitt asserts "In
  classic pseudoscientific fashion, the Face-on-Mars promoters are
  making selective use of the data available to them, and have drawn
  conclusions unsupported by the data they HAVE used. They failed to
  obtain all relevant data initially, and they have ignored
  overwhelming evidence contrary to their claims."

  In fact, it is Hewitt's argument that crumbles upon examination.

  All Cydonia researchers to our knowledge rely primarily upon two
  images when considering the Face: frames 35A72 and 70A13 (35A72 was
  the 72nd shot by the A orbiter on its 35th day in orbit around
  Mars; 70A13 was the 13th shot taken on the 70th day). These images
  were taken at approximately 1,500 kilometers (about 900 miles)
  above the planet, both in late afternoon light. Four other known
  images contain the Face: 673B54, 673B56, 753A33 and 753A34. Hewitt
  notes that these were acquired by Mr. Norman Sperling simply by
  writing to the National Space Science Data Center, but that
  "Hoagland and company" were "presumably . . . unaware of" two of
  these (673B54 and 753A34).

  Hewitt describes Carlotto's image enhancement efforts and work to
  simulate morning light on the Face. Then Hewitt says, "A lower
  resolution image containing the face shows the area illuminated by
  REAL morning light, but Carlotto dismisses the frame as having
  insufficient resolution for his purpose. A second, lower resolution
  frame (673B56) has mid-afternoon light," also rejected for
  analysis.

  After quoting one scientist who dismisses Carlotto's work, and
  adding his own amateurish disparagement, Hewitt returns to these
  two frames: "Frames 673B56 and 753A33 (mentioned by Carlotto) both
  contain information at odds with the assertions. In the morning
  light of 753A33, our favorite mesa lacks any impression of facial
  features. The `eye socket' becomes a broad, shallow hollow; and the
  base appears as an asymmetrical erosional polygon like its
  neighbors. It's easy to see why these images get little attention.

  "Hoagland and company fail to mention two ADDITIONAL frames of
  Cydonia containing the face, 673B54 and 753A34. Presumably they

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  are unaware of their existence. . . . The images of the face are
  small, perhaps 50 or 60 pixels (compared to over 400 pixels in the
  higher resolution views) -- but they are good enough to show all
  sorts of features on the other side. A broad, bright slope, hidden
  in the shadows of 35A72 and 70A13, rises toward two peaks along an
  ascending, ragged ridge. THE FRAMES DON'T SHOW ANYTHING THAT BEARS
  THE SLIGHTEST RESEMBLANCE TO A FACE!" [Original emphasis].

  Well. This seems devastating, does it not. Ah, these Cydonia quacks
  have fudged the data -- and they are incompetent, to boot, having
  missed some of that data in the first place.

  Hewitt's argument is false.

  First, note that he says that the two images found by Mr. Sperling
  (and not previously mentioned by Carlotto) provide important new
  data.

  Not true. The two frames procured by Sperling are PAIRS of the two
  mentioned by Carlotto. 673B54 (Sperling) was taken all of 1.6
  seconds before 673B56 (Carlotto), while 753A33 (Carlotto) was taken
  0.8 seconds before 753A34 (Sperling).

  THEY ARE ESSENTIALLY THE SAME IMAGES. If, as Hewitt claims, Frame
  753A34 disproves the existence of the Face, then 753A33 does so
  just as effectively. Likewise for 653B54 and B56.

  Secondly, Hewitt makes much of the fact that Mr. Sperling procured
  all four images simply by writing to the NSSDC, implying that we've
  been sloppy in our research. In fact, IT WAS MEMBERS OF THE
  ORIGINAL MARS INVESTIGATION TEAM WHO FIRST UNCOVERED THESE IMAGES
  in the early 1980s. The team presented them at the 1982 Case For
  Mars Conference in Boulder, Colorado. And all four are mentioned
  in "The Face on Mars" by Dr. Randolfo Pozos. Hewitt apparently
  neglected to look this up prior to impugning the professional
  competence of the investigators.

  But finally we come the the most important point: do these four
  images, especially the morning light 753A series, disprove the
  existence of the Face? Decide for yourself:

  1) The Face occupies an area approximately 1.28 x 1.6 kilometers
  (0.75 x 1.0 miles) in size. Hewitt says 1.0 x 1.5 miles.

  2) The two images normally used -- frames 35A72 and 70A13 -- were
  taken from about 1,500 kilometers (about 900 miles). The four low-
  resolution images were taken from about 33,000 KILOMETERS (19,500
  miles), or 22 TIMES HIGHER. Hewitt omits this entirely.

  3) Frames 673B54 and B56, like 35A72, were taken near sunset, a
  fact obvious upon first glace. Hewitt says they are in "mid-
  afternoon light."

  4) Frames 673B54 and 753A34 were not used by Carlotto because both

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  are extremely noisy, with extensive "salt-and-pepper" errors. Both
  are far INFERIOR to the virtually identical frames 673B56 and
  753A33; Hewitt implies that the photos are SUPERIOR.

  5) In 35A72 and 70A13, the image of the Face is represented by
  about 650 pixels (not 400, as Hewitt says). In frames 673B54, B56,
  753A33 and A34, the Face is comprised of about 35 to 40 pixels (not
  50 to 60, as Hewitt claims).

  6) In 35A72 and 70A13, each pixel covers an area of approximately
  50 x 50 meters (2,500 square meters). In the four low resolution
  images, each pixel covers approximately 207 x 207 meters (42,800
  square meters). Hewitt never mentions this.

  These are all vital facts, clearly indicating the circumstances of
  the photos and just how little detail is likely to survive in them.
  So, what IS shown by the four images Hewitt so triumphantly waves?

  Almost nothing. Hewitt's assertion that the morning shots "show all
  sorts of features on the other side" is patently false. As the Mars
  Project's photographic consultant Daniel Drasin explains, the
  images simply contain too little information to yield details like
  "broad, bright slopes" or "ragged ridges." For confirmation, a
  comparison of high-altitude afternoon shots (673B54 and B56) with
  the similarly-lighted 35A72 and 70A13 shows little is visible
  except the overall shape of the mesa and the familiar shadow line.
  Only the very slightest indication of the right eye socket appears;
  there are no other details.

  These images tell us only that the Face IS basically symmetrical
  -- what The Mars Project has stated elsewhere.

  When Hewitt says, "It is easy to see why these images get little
  attention," he is impugning the integrity and professional
  competence of all who are involved in the Mars investigation, most
  notably Dr. Carlotto. But in "classic pseudoscientific fashion,"
  Hewitt himself DEMONSTRABLY makes selective use of data, draws
  conclusions not supported by the data, and -- again and again --
  fails to obtain all relevant data.

  There's much more of this in Hewitt's article, but space
  limitations keep us from pursuing it. Hewitt's principal arguments
  are by turns intellectually bankrupt and factually flawed. Through
  them all we do not hear a love for science so much as a drumbeat
  of emotionalism.

  No one in The Mars Project claims that the evidence so far
  available can settle the question of the origin of the Martian
  anomalies. More data is required. But we do contend that many
  arguments raised against our evidence seem to serve deep-seated
  emotional motives rather than a search for truth.

  We've not been able here to present our fabric of positive
  arguments for the artificial origin hypothesis. The Face itself is

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  persuasive. Yet, as we've pointed out elsewhere, other Cydonia
  features are also intriguing. From a scientific perspective, what
  is most important is not the Face per se, but the relationships of
  these landforms to each other and their surroundings. The Mars
  Project is working with several researchers examining these
  relational aspects of the anomalies in terms of geomorphology and
  fractal analysis. Two professional papers are now being readied for
  peer review.

  The Project will continue this research, and continue its role of
  publicizing the anomalies to the public and scientific community.
  Most importantly, we will continue laying vital groundwork for
  public backing of return trips to Mars. In the long run -- even if
  the anomalies should prove natural in origin -- we will deem
  significantly increased public interest in space exploration and
  Mars to be success enough.


  1988 PSYCHIC FIZZLES
  by Robert Sheaffer

  The San Francisco area was not devastated by an earthquake last
  January. Mikhail Gorbachev did not divorce his wife Raisa. Dinosaur
  eggs were not hatched, and Fidel Castro was not toppled from power.
  These were just a few of the many things that had been predicted
  to occur during 1988 by famous psychics, but failed to happen, as
  chronicled by the Bay Area Skeptics.

  At the end of each year, many well-known psychics issue predictions
  for the coming year. Twelve months later, they issue another set
  of predictions, conveniently forgetting those made the year before,
  which are always nearly 100% wrong. Each year, however, BAS digs
  up the predictions made the year before, nearly always to the
  embarrassment of those who made them.

  Many of the psychic predictions made are so vague that it is
  impossible to say if they came true or not: for example, Jeane
  Dixon's predictions that "October and November will be stress-
  filled" for Frank Sinatra, or that "Prince Philip should be
  especially on guard" during the autumn, are difficult to prove true
  or false. Many other predictions involve things that happen every
  year, or else are not difficult to guess, such as tornadoes in the
  Midwest, hurricanes in Florida, or continued terrorist incidents.
  Many predictions simply state that currently ongoing problems will
  continue, such as unrest in South Africa, or fighting in Central
  America.

  Other supposed predictions are not really predictions at all, but
  are actually disclosures of little-known events that are already
  under way, such as movie productions, business ventures, or
  celebrity activities. While some predictions did of course come
  true, especially those that were unspecific, or not at all
  difficult to guess, not ONE prediction which was both specific AND

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  surprising came true.

  The famous Washington, D.C. psychic Jeane Dixon, who supposedly has
  a "gift of prophecy," predicted that Jesse Jackson would face a
  sudden health problem this fall, that Fidel Castro would be
  overthrown, that Princess Diana would become pregnant, and that
  Communists would gain a "foothold" on the island of Cyprus.

  Clarisa Bernhardt, who claims (without justification) great
  accuracy in her psychic predictions of earthquakes, predicted that
  prehistoric dinosaur eggs would be discovered, frozen in the
  Antarctic ice, and that scientists would successfully incubate and
  hatch them. She also predicted that Clint Eastwood would this year
  declare himself a candidate for the Republican Presidential
  nomination in 1992.

  New York psychic Shawn Robbins predicted that Fawn Hall, Donna
  Rice, and Jessica Hahn would star together in a new TV series based
  on "Charlie's Angels."

  Los Angeles psychic Marie Graciette predicted that Soviet party
  boss Mikhail Gorbachev would divorce his wife Raisa.

  Florida psychic and astrologer Jack Gillen predicted that "A
  massive earthquake will hit California on or about January 19 --
  causing extensive damage and loss of life in the San Francisco
  area." He also predicted the outbreak of an epidemic of a
  mysterious skin condition causing black blotches on the arms and
  legs.

  Denver psychic Lou Wright predicted that Dolly Parton would lose
  so much weight that she would enter the hospital to be treated for
  anorexia. She also predicted that Princesses Diana and Fergie would
  BOTH become pregnant, and BOTH give birth to babies on the same
  day.

  Florida psychic Noreen Renier warned the FBI in early June of a
  forthcoming major political assassination attempt that was supposed
  to occur in the next two months. In her vision she "saw a person
  getting shot in the stomach" in "a palace or a castle with high
  ceilings and arches."

  In San Jose, California, psychic Sylvia Brown predicted that the
  San Francisco '49ers would go "all the way" to the 1988 superbowl,
  that Senator Robert Dole would beat out George Bush for the
  Republican presidential nomination, that a terrorist attack at San
  Francisco International Airport during July would be thwarted, that
  a vaccine for AIDS and ARC would "absolutely" be found, and that
  interest rates would go down while oil prices went substantially
  up (the opposite happened). She predicted that evangelist Jerry
  Falwell would become involved in a major scandal -- he was not --
   but failed to predict the scandal that brought down Jimmy
  Swaggart. Interestingly, she also failed to predict that she would
  be accused, in court papers filed by several banks, of fraudulently

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  obtaining more than $200,000 in real estate loans.

  Based on the continuing failure of the psychics to make accurate
  predictions over the years, Bay Area Skeptics urges everyone --
  including the media -- to exercise some healthy skepticism when
  psychics and other purveyors of the paranormal make extra- ordinary
  claims or predictions. Anyone who swallows the psychics claims year
  after year without checking the record is setting a bad example for
  youngsters and the public.

  It is important to note that no psychic succeeded in predicting the
  genuinely SURPRISING news stories of 1988: the controversial
  nomination and election of Indiana Senator Dan Quail as Vice-
  President; the sudden death of Christina Onassis; the surprising
  rise of the candidacy of Michael Dukakis, and its equally
  surprising collapse; the loss of over 50,000 lives in an earthquake
  in Soviet Armenia; and the prolonged drought in the American farm
  belt. These major news stories were so unanticipated that someone
  would have had to be truly psychic to have predicted them! Given
  the number of self-proclaimed psychics out there, you would expect
  that at least one so-called psychic would have -- unless, of
  course, that all such claims of psychic powers are without
  foundation.

  The Bay Area Skeptics is a group of people from all walks of life
  who support the critical examination of paranormal claims, such as
  psychic powers, UFOs, astrology, Bigfoot, biorhythms, etc. Similar
  skeptics' organizations are active in many other areas of the
  country, including southern California, New York, Colorado,
  Illinois, Arizona, Texas, and Ohio. The Committee for the
  Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP) is
  an international Skeptics' organization, made up of many famous
  writers, scientists, and investigators, such as Martin Gardner,
  James "The Amazing" Randi, Isaac Asimov, and many others. Similar
  skeptics' groups have also formed in many foreign countries,
  including Australia, Canada, France, the United Kingdom, Mexico,
  and India. All of these groups cooperate in making their findings
  available to other researchers, and to the public.

  [This is the article that Robert released to the press. Newspapers
  and TV stations have come to rely on this year-end story from BAS.
  Robert appeared on several Bay Area radio and TV programs during
  the last week of December with this press release. BAS vice-chair,
  Yves Barbero, and BAS director Shawn Carlson also put in
  appearances at year's end talking about the failure of psychics to
  make good their grandious claims. -- Ed.]


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the February, 1989 issue of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1989 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 02.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:58]
