{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T13:21:30Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 72284, "source_ctime_ns": 1790173908086422647, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-09.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790173908080344731, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-09.pdf", "source_sha256": "1ffebad23fcf1c9171a82f988bc8117d9537bfd0f9fa39d583e9eeb6d09a7d49"}

-----------------------------------------------------------
  September 1989 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -----------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 8, No. 9
              Editor: Kent Harker


  DOWN-UNDER PSYCHIC SINKS
  by Mark Plummer

  [CSICOP Executive Director Mark Plummer is a member of the bar in
  Australia. Before coming to the U.S. to take over the reins of the
  most influential skeptic's organization in the world, Mark was
  director of the second most powerful skeptic's group in the world,
  the Australian Skeptics.

  One of the more common rejoinders we hear from those who object to
  our investigations is: "What harm is there to believing in
  psychics?" Listen in.]

  In 1984 the founder of BAS, Bob Steiner, traveled on an Australian
  tour posing as psychic "Steve Terbot." He did not charge fees or
  collect any money as a psychic.

  Steve Terbot attracted a great deal of media publicity and he
  received a letter from an Australian psychic, John Fitzsimons. In
  the letter Fitzsimons said that he had enjoyed talking astrally
  with Terbot. Steiner, as Terbot, telephoned Fitzsimons and invited
  him to make a special guest appearance at a scheduled meeting in
  the Ringwood Cultural Centre. Fitzsimons accepted the invitation
  and spoke supportively even though he knew nothing (obviously?) of
  either Steiner or Terbot.

  When Steiner revealed on Australian National TV that he was a
  skeptic and that the whole event was a hoax, he singled out
  Fitzsimons critically. The furor over the hoax died down and
  nothing more was heard about Fitzsimons until about a year later,
  when I, then the head of the Australian Skeptics, was approached
  by four of Fitzsimons' erstwhile followers.

  They told me that on the night of Bob's final TV appearance, when
  the hoax was revealed, a definitely unpsychic Fitzsimons,
  unprepared for what was about to be revealed, had gathered his
  followers to watch the show. These people said Fitzsimons turned
  ashen when he was attacked by Steiner. Fitzsimons' reaction caused
  them to reassess their belief in him and in his claims. They had
  several subsequent meetings with me and other committee member of
  the Australian Skeptics.

  The rather bizarre story unfolded: Fitzsimons had told them that
  they would become psychic mediums and healers, that they could rid


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  world leaders of negative energies, and that the world would be
  destroyed by a nuclear holocaust in 1984.

  One of the four, Judith Kelly, had lost about 45 pounds on a water
  diet suggested by Fitzsimons. She had had to be hospitalized for
  three weeks in February 1985. Two others of the group, Reinhart and
  Stratemeyer, a married couple, nearly had a marriage breakup
  because of Fitzsimons' counseling.

  The fourth person told the Australian Skeptics that she no longer
  believed in Fitzsimons but still believed in spiritualism and would
  find a new spiritual leader. I asked the four to assess the total
  amount of money paid to Fitzsimons in course fees, payment for
  books, loans, and other losses such as medical expenses and loss
  of earnings. I told the four they would have a good case against
  him. Three (Kelly and the Stratemeyers) decided to sue.

  Because I was about to leave Australia to become CSICOP's Executive
  Director in the U.S. I referred the three to an attorney who was
  a close friend and who had a good understanding of the issues. The
  case finally came to court in Melbourne in May of this year. In the
  writ the three sought $A69,588 (about $55,000) for fraud, damages
  for medical expenses, loss of earnings, repayment of the loans, and
  payments for courses and books.

  Judith Kelly told the court Fitzsimons had prescribed a water diet
  so she could lose enough weight to be able to run and escape the
  catastrophe he prophesied. Mrs. Kelly suffered crippling
  malnutrition after she had been on the diet for three months. She
  told the court she went from 79 kg to 59 kg while on the water
  diet. She said the diet she began in November 1984 caused
  hallucinations, vomiting, double vision and limited limb movements.
  "[Fitzsimons] said I would suffer no harm," Mrs. Kelly said. "I was
  convinced by the work I was doing at `The Circle' [name of the
  group]."

  Mrs. Kelly said she had to stop driving because she had double
  vision and would reach an intersection and not know where to drive.
  She said she started using public transportation but had to stop
  because she could not raise her legs to the steps. A walk down the
  street was also a problem. "I was like a drunk staggering down the
  road, blind drunk," she said, "but I was stone cold sober."

  Mrs. Kelly said she was admitted to a hospital on February 19,
  1985, and was diagnosed as having a thiamine deficiency from
  malnutrition. She was in the hospital for three weeks, and she had
  to spend another nine weeks convalescing. In her regular job, a
  mortuary technician, she had managed only with the help of a very
  supportive co-worker.

  She said that after she recovered she tried to rejoin The Circle,
  her faith shaken only in the diet. "Fitzsimons said I had to do
  individual rescue before I could come back to The Circle, and that
  I would have to endure the rock for two and a quarter hours," she

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  told the court. Her testimony described the rock treatment as a
  practice of placing a 35kg quartz boulder on her legs or hips. "In
  rescue missions, Mr. Fitzsimons used crystals to concentrate
  energies, like a laser," she described. She said Fitzsimons had
  told her he would make her a psychic healer and trance medium.

  Mrs. Felicity Hampel, attorney for Mrs. Kelly, said her client had
  sold her house to pay for the Fitzsimons course. She said Mrs.
  Kelly attended the courses from January 1984 and had spent $A13,676
  that she was now trying to reclaim. Mrs. Hampel said that Mrs.
  Kelly also sought damages for medical expenses and lost wages which
  totaled $A8,042.

  The court was told that Mrs. Kelly had rented a house with three
  other followers to prepare them for living together after the world
  catastrophe, and to reduce their rent payments, giving them more
  money for sessions with Mr. Fitzsimons. Mrs. Kelly said that she
  believed she could influence world events by helping the spirits
  of world leaders, including Mikhail Gorbachev, Ronald Reagan, Bob
  Hawke, and Augusto Pinochet. Mrs. Kelly said that she had spent up
  to $225 per week on Mr. Fitzsimons' courses.

  Mrs. Kelly said Fitzsimons hit disciples up to six times across the
  face if spirits inside them gave the wrong answers to his questions
  during meetings. She said that was not the only time he hit her and
  other members.

  She said that Fitzsimons knew virtually every detail of his pupils'
  personal lives, and he used the information to encourage the belief
  that their family and friends were acting negatively against them.
  Mrs. Kelly said she was required to list up to twenty sins a night.
  She said that in hindsight her involvement with The Circle was
  faulty and illogical. "I was so exhausted and so frightened I
  couldn't look at anything clearly," she said.

  Mrs. Kelly told the court she would attend rescue classes with The
  Circle which sometimes went from evening until 6 a.m. She said she
  and other Circle members visited spiritualist venues around
  Melbourne to try to recruit members. Fitzsimons required negative
  activities, called "listings," to be reported and confessed to the
  rest of the group.

  Mrs. Hampel asked her client if listings were like written
  confessions of spiritual sins. Mrs. Kelly said they were. Hampel
  said that Mrs. Kelly and two other former disciples who were also
  suing Mr. Fitzsimons had believed him when they were told that they
  would become psychic healers and mediums, become better people,
  have physical ailments cured and become more spiritually aware.

  Mrs. Hampel said that the world catastrophe predicted for the end
  of 1984 was revised when it did not occur. The catastrophe scenario
  turned about a nuclear holocaust which was to tilt the world on its
  axis, shifting polar ice and causing earthquakes, tidal waves, and
  falling buildings.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  Mr. Stratemeyer said he lost most of his $A50,000 inheritance while
  he and his wife attended The Circle between March 1983 and October
  1984. He said Fitzsimons had told them they could be psychic
  healers and cure the disabled.

  Stratemeyer said he wanted to leave the group, but realized he
  would lose his wife if he did. "I could not leave. I knew I would
  be divorced like other people [from the group] before me," he said.
  Stratemeyer said Fitzsimons had brainwashed other people in his
  group and caused them to break away from friends, family, and
  marriage partners.

  Mr. and Mrs. Stratemeyer were members of the group between August
  1983 and November 1984. Mr. Stratemeyer said that Fitzsimons had
  not helped him in any way, and the courses had not helped his
  stuttering or bladder problems. He said Fitzsimons had told him
  his brother-in-law was a bloodsucker and that he should be removed
  from the Stratemeyer's house.

  Fitzsimons had also told Stratemeyer that he was doing the wrong
  thing when he mowed his lawn instead of going to a class. Neighbors
  had complained because the grass was high and the seeds were being
  blown into their gardens. Mrs. Stratemeyer said she and her husband
  did not renovate their house because they believed it would be
  completely or partially destroyed in the world catastrophe
  predicted by Mr. Fitzsimons.

  Mr. Barry Fox, attorney for Fitzsimons, said his client's followers
  were adults and should have realized that representations he had
  made were not being fulfilled. He argued that the plaintiffs had
  begun attending Mr. Fitzsimons's classes in 1983 and 1984, and they
  continued to attend although they should have realized that his
  representations -- if any were made -- "were not happening." "Here
  was a case where over a long period of time people went back over
  and over and over again, paying their money. Adult people engaged
  over a long period of time going to these classes . . . and they
  continued to go," he pressed.

  Mr. Fox cited the case of Judith Kelly, who had told the court that
  at Fitzsimons' suggestion she had gone on a water diet and lost 45
  pounds so she would be able to run from an impending world
  catastrophe. Mrs. Kelly had conceded, Fox said, that if she had
  consulted a dietitian she would have been told that the water diet
  was ridiculous.

  "She became well aware of the consequences of pursuing this course
  of a water diet, and chose to proceed. A mature lady pursued this
  course, as she admitted, over a long period of weeks or months and
  chose to hang on in the face of what would have, to ordinary
  people, called for change."

  Mr. Fox told the court his client's attitude was that people could
  get involved if they wished. He said that Fitzsimons denied giving


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  an "iron-clad guarantee" of health cures or of personal
  advancement. Fitzsimons only told his students they could "hope to
  overcome" physical problems and achieve psychic healing at his
  classes. "[Fitzsimons] quite readily concedes that if you consider
  it a lot of rubbish then that's up to you," Fox said.

  Fitzsimons told the court he took over leadership of The Circle in
  January 1980. He had become fascinated with spiritualism and
  psychism in 1978. "I thought it made life more interesting," he
  offered. "I grew up with orthodox religion . . . I was taught a lot
  about fear, hell, fire and damnation," he said. He said he believed
  in what he taught: "I believe that we can be guided by invisible
  forces."

  Fitzsimons denied his business was a sham. He said he had not told
  his former students that psychic healing would cure their physical
  ills. He also denied a suggestion by attorney Hampel that he was
  taking money from gullible people whom he conned into believing
  crazy things he himself did not believe.

  However, he agreed that he was operating a spiritual group
  registered under the business name "Aspects" while he was an
  undischarged bankrupt (an undischarged bankrupt under Australian
  law is a person who has gone bankrupt but has not discharged his
  debts or completed the required period as a bankrupt).

  On further cross examination by Mrs. Hampel about predictions as
  to the dates the world catastrophe would occur, Fitzsimons said
  that in October or November 1984 he had begun to wonder if the
  dates were wrong, and so had consulted the spirit guides. He
  acknowledged, when questioned by Hampel, that he had taken out a
  mortgage on a house in October 1984, despite the predictions. Asked
  if he was hedging his bets, he said, "You can call it what you
  like. I needed somewhere to live."

  Fitzsimons agreed that in 1983 he had been an undischarged bankrupt
  whose creditors would have received 20 or 30 cents on the dollar
  in debt repayments. He also agreed that he did not declare his 1983
  earnings to a trustee in bankruptcy because he did not think he had
  to unless his income was high. After consulting bankruptcy
  administrators he though he could run a business but could not
  obtain credit unless he told lenders that he was an undischarged
  bankrupt.

  The judge found Fitzsimons fraudulently misrepresented his psychic
  abilities and courses. He ordered Fitzsimons to pay $A62,000
  ($50,000) to the three plaintiffs. After the case Fitzsimons said
  he would go on teaching but with more caution. He said he would get
  a legal contract drawn up before every meeting. Mrs. Kelly was
  ecstatic about the result.


  EDITOR'S CORNER

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  I learned about a program that was to air on "Family Radio," an AM
  (fundamentalist) Christian station, in which a scientist was to do
  some explaining. A scientist who had advanced degrees. I listened
  to the (June 9) program with anticipation. At the conclusion I was
  concerned to the extent that I wrote to the station and to the
  speaker, Dr. Robert Gange. What follows is the essence of that
  letter, written in rebuttal on June 10. In that letter I requested
  a response. As of this writing there is nothing from either the
  station or Dr. Gange.

  I tire of fundamentalist Christians maligning science; and I am at
  the same time amused when these same maligners press those with
  science degrees in their ranks to the fore. The maligners decry
  science but love to bathe in its credibility.

  Dr. Gange began his program with an age-old question: "Can God make
  a rock bigger than He can lift?" He said this was the subject of
  his lesson, and that his program would explore it from a scientific
  viewpoint. It is for this reason that the program content is
  subject to skeptical review.

  After one-half hour of circumlocution and much repetition of the
  shortcomings of science, he did not answer the question. He did
  worse. He obfuscated the question with examples from physics that
  were misunderstandings at least and distortions at most.

  When someone presents him/herself to the church as a representative
  of science, he or she has a special obligation. The lab coat donned
  by such a representative is thus a kind of priesthood vestment. One
  assuming this representative role has an even higher degree of
  responsibility than the pastor preparing to address his
  congregation: The congregation must invest greater faith in the
  scientist than is afforded their presbyter because the subject
  matter of the pastor is attainable by the average parishioner,
  whereas particle physics, for example, is likely beyond that same
  parishioner.

  Dr. Gange obfuscated the question he proposed to answer by making
  some false and misleading comparisons with scientific principles.
  He urged that there are in science many mysteries, paradoxes,
  principles and theories so abstruse as to defy our common-sense
  knowledge. The listener was tacitly led to deduce that since many
  acceptable scientific ideas are counter-intuitive, there is nothing
  to be ashamed about what may on the face of it appear absurd in
  the theistic realm. In all of this, Gange avoided answering the
  question.

  The most blatant misuse in his examples was of the wave/particle
  nature of light. Before Einstein, light was demonstrated to behave
  like a wave (reflection, interference, etc.). With the
  photoelectric cell, Einstein's theory that light also had the
  properties of a particle (called a photon) was vindicated.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  Many subsequent experiments have confirmed this, notably with
  lasers. In other words, EMPIRICAL considerations have led us to
  these conclusions, not abstract, mathematical and philosophical
  models, as Dr. Gange taught. The physical interpretation of this
  dual nature is known as the PRINCIPLE OF COMPLIMENTARITY. An
  everyday example makes it easy to understand: We have all seen the
  picture of identical faces in silhouette, facing each other. Is it
  a picture of a flower vase or a picture of two faces? It can be
  either. BUT IT CANNOT BE BOTH AT THE SAME TIME AND PLACE.

  This is the crux of the matter, something that goes to the heart
  of science and the scientific method. There is no paradox, nothing
  really mysterious about this dual nature of light. We can design
  an experiment to observe either representation, but we cannot, and
  I emphasize the importance of noting this distinction, we cannot
  observe both phenomena simultaneously (meaning, of course, at the
  same time and place). Light is one or the other.

  Dr. Gange therefore misrepresented this physical concept by leading
  his audience to believe that this property of light is 1) not
  understood by science, and 2) paradoxical like the question that
  was the theme of his presentation and my response. He wanted his
  listeners to believe that the subject question has a scientific
  counterpart which is alike qualitatively and quantitatively.
  Science is based on two irreducible components: 1) formal symbolic
  logic, and 2) empiricism.

  Formal logic without experimental confirmation may lead to sterile,
  philosophic musings. Empiricism without sound, logical
  underpinnings may lead to frivolous or nonsensical propositions.
  A scientist wants first for his propositions to abide by the
  fundamentals of sound logic. He knows that it is pointless to begin
  experimental design when ordinary syntactic and semantic logic are
  violated. Modern mathematics, really formal logic in a utilitarian
  form, has been an incredibly powerful tool to analyze the
  propositions of science.

  What is one of the most basic of all the axioms of logic (I hasten
  to add that all the axioms are basic, i.e., not derivable from any
  of the others.)?: The Law of Contradiction. Simply stated, this
  law precludes the possibility of a statement being both true and
  false AT THE SAME TIME AND PLACE. Statements violating this law
  are self-contradictory. If a proposition violates this most
  fundamental tenet, it is nothing more than arrant nonsense. As soon
  as this canon is violated nothing called science may follow. (A
  rational inquirer would hope that ANYONE would flee from
  demonstrated nonsense.)

  With this bit of background, It is also important to make certain
  there is common agreement of the term "paradox". The loose
  definition is that which appears to be self-contradictory. The
  formal definition is that the proposition is indeed self-
  contradictory.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  Now to examine the theme question, "Can God make a rock bigger than
  He can lift?" It is instructive to ask why the question was posed
  in the first place. The answer is to demonstrate the absurdity
  (most absurdities arise directly or indirectly from violation of
  the Law of Contradiction) of the notion of omnipotence. Theists are
  forever teaching that God can do ANYTHING. It does not require a
  very astute first-year student of logic to immediately inquire if
  God may therefore violate the Law of Contradiction.

  The question of God and this rock boils down to this: It is self-
  contradictory -- a violation of the Law of Contradiction. It is a
  formal paradox. If the theist makes his bed with the patent
  absurdity of the omnipotency of God, He must lie in the
  consequences of it, not try to equivocate and philosophize about
  how science, too, has its difficult-to-understand principles.

  Our novice logician can follow the clear light that illuminates the
  simple resolution showing the contradiction imposed by the
  omnipotence dogma. There is no confusion or clutter or even
  profundity. The notion of omnipotence forces a contradiction,
  clearly and simply: God can make a rock bigger than He can lift,
  and there is no rock so massive that He cannot lift it.

  For the theist, several paths are possible, two of which I offer
  here. One is to stop believing that the things of God have to
  follow ANY kind of logic. The apostle Paul seems to take this anti-
  intellectual approach in I Cor. 1 & 2. At least he is honest in the
  open acceptance of demonstrated absurdity. In this case, the
  scientists who subscribe to God's omnipotence should cease trying
  to "explain," too, for the resulting contortions are painful to
  those who know better.

  Another path would be to renounce the contradictory notion and
  believe that God can get the things done that He wants to do
  without having to violate the laws of logic in the process. This
  latter path seems doomed because most theists would apparently
  rather have God's power be absurd than to be limited in any sense.
  For those who opt for honest acceptance of the living reality of
  the absurdity, all comparisons with science in this matter must
  immediately cease.

  If religion and science are maintained separately, a live-and-let-
  live policy will allow peace. Mix them and one has bad religion and
  bad science. There was bad religion, I think, on the program; and
  certainly bad science.


  THE FIRING LINE

  BAS has been sending shock waves throughout the Bay Area during the
  last month. It wasn't so long ago that paranormalists had the media
  to themselves. Most of our success in presenting a counter has come
  from the early work of BAS founders, notably Robert Steiner and

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  Robert Sheaffer. Steiner, a consummate magician, has been
  entertaining audiences and exposing bunkum for the better part of
  the last 20 years.

  When the media are offered trenchant (and entertaining) rebuttals,
  things begin to move. We are now at a point when the two major AM
  radio stations (KCBS and KGO) regularly call upon BAS to confront
  paranormal protagonists. In one of the most recent encounters, BAS
  board member Dr. Shawn Carlson was asked to debate psychic Pat
  MacEnerney on KCBS' "Nightline." The show lasted one and one-half
  hours and was a stunning triumph for rationality.

  Shawn's delivery was masterful -- no great surprise since he is
  something of a nationally recognized expert on astrology (he did
  some of his Ph.D. work on astrological claims). Shawn is a skilled
  magician, too.

  Bob Steiner was the guest on KGO radio on both the Jim Eason and
  the Michael Krasny shows. The Eason stint was fun because Steiner
  and Eason were kidding back and forth with Steiner pulling magic
  stunts to the great delight and amazement of Eason. Bob led Jim to
  try to find alternate explanations of alleged paranormal phenomena.

  The questions posed and the answers suggested caused Eason to
  reconsider some positions he had not thought to analyze critically
  before. The same was certainly true of the listening audience.
  Bob's approach is to educate through the entertainment value of his
  sleight-of-hand techniques. His stature as a lecturer has grown
  over the years.

  The real piece de resistance for skepticism was the 1-1/2 hour,
  internationally broadcast TV show hosted by Bill Bixby. Titled
  "Exploring Psychic Powers," the central figure was CSICOP's James
  "The Amazing" Randi, featuring his $100,000 psychic challenge. The
  presentation was an absolute blow away for the paranormalists.

  The worst bomb came at the expense of a Chicago astrologer who,
  after interviewing 12 people (each within three years of age and
  a different astrological sign) designated the symbol to which he
  thought each should fit. Each person was instructed to stand in
  front of a panel bearing the sign to which the astrologer had
  matched him or her. Bixby then asked those for whom the sign did
  NOT match to take one step forward. Every one did.

  A San Francisco psychic in a Zener card test scored 50 out of 250
  hits: exactly what chance predicts. An L.A. aura analyst said
  twelve of twelve partitions had people behind them: four did. A
  Kentucky dowser said eight of twenty boxes contained water bottles:
  only five did, and he didn't even get all the five. A psychometrist
  from St. Louis matched only two of twelve people's key chains to
  their watches.

  San Jose psychic "Sly" Brown agreed to appear, but would not allow
  herself to be formally tested. She was given time to saunter

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  through the audience rendering her usual gibberish. Her performance
  could not have been worse if it had been orchestrated by us. She
  asked a woman, in typical cold-reading technique, "Who is Bill?"

  The woman said she didn't know anyone by that name, to which the
  unflappable Brown rejoined, "You MUST know SOMEONE named William,
  or Bill. EVERYONE knows a Bill!" The woman thought a moment and
  then shook her head. "No, I don't know anyone." STILL able to pick
  herself up, Brown glibly said, "Well, sometimes these things are
  in the future."

  Uri Geller made much ado about the fact that he was appearing for
  the first time on the same show with Randi. We wonder how clear it
  was to the viewing audience that Geller did not submit to ANY form
  of testing.

  The most dangerous event that occurred, from our standpoint, was
  a viewer-audience ESP test. We really dodged a bullet, by the luck
  of the cards. The test consisted of the five Zener cards, displayed
  in columnar fashion, with a phone number beside each. Viewers were
  to call in on the number corresponding to a card of their choice.

  At the end of the show, the tally came in: 42% chose the wavy lines
  card. (The preselected target card was locked in a box.) Guess
  which Zener card was the middle one in the list?

  Whoever designed this test failed to take the geometry into account
  and the psychological effect this would have for making a biased
  choice. The distribution of the callers' choices were almost a
  perfect Bell Curve clustered about the geometrical center of the
  column of Zener cards.

  Had the preselected card been the wavy lines (it was the square),
  almost all the success realized in the rest of the program would
  have been instantly forgotten with such an abnormal proportion of
  the callers choosing the correct card. With a 20% chance of
  disaster, we were very fortunate. Let's hope that when so much is
  at stake, more thought is put into the design to preclude such a
  high-odds debacle.


  DEGREES OF FOLLY: PART VI
  by William Bennetta

  The first five parts of this article ran in "BASIS" in February,
  March, April, May and July. They told how the Private Postsecondary
  Education Division (PPED) of the California State Department of
  Education, in August l988, staged an "assessment" of the ICR
  Graduate School (ICRGS). The school is an arm of the Institute for
  Creation Research, a fundamentalist ministry promoting the
  religious pseudoscience called "creation-science."

  The assessment was made by a five-man committee that had been

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  chosen by, and was managed by, a PPED officer named Roy W. Steeves.
  The committee included two ringers -- George F. Howe and G. Edwin
  Miller -- who had been linked closely to the ICR or to the ICR's
  president, Henry Morris. The committee produced a false, misleading
  report that concealed the real nature of the ICR, promoted the
  ICR's scientific pretensions, and said that the Department's chief,
  Bill Honig, should approve the ICR as a source of master's degrees
  in biology, geology, "astro/geophysics" and science education.

  Two of the committee's legitimate members, James Woodhead and
  Stuart Hurlbert, then sent separate reports to Honig, telling the
  truth about the ICR. Steeves -- writing to the PPED's director,
  Joseph P. Barankin -- endorsed the ICR and urged that Honig should
  grant the approval that the ICR wanted.

  Honig, at least in statements that he gave to the press last
  December, refused the approval. In January, however, the Department
  drew back from that decision and began to negotiate with the ICR;
  and on 3 March, Barankin and the ICR reached an agreement. The ICR
  would revise its curriculum, purging the "ICRG's interpretations"
  from all courses that would count toward degrees. (The ICR claimed,
  and Barankin evidently believed, that science courses purged of
  interpretation would be like courses at accredited schools. I asked
  Barankin, in a letter, whether he had had advice from anyone who
  knew about science, but he did not answer.) To learn whether the
  ICR had made the contemplated revisions, the Department would send
  a new examining committee; one member would be selected by the ICR.

  The new committee is now at work, and I shall tell something about
  it here. I assume that my readers have seen the earlier parts of
  this article. -- W.B., 12 August

  A QUESTION OF INTENTION

  Did the ICR ever really intend to revise its "science courses" and
  curriculum, excise "ICRGS's interpretations" from degree programs,
  and (in the words of its agreement with the Department) "conform
  the classroom lectures, course textbooks, and other course aspects"
  to science courses at accredited schools? Documents issued by the
  ICR may suggest an answer.

  On 8 March, mere days after the agreement had been reached, the
  ICRGS's dean, Kenneth Cumming, sent a letter and a brochure to a
  prospective applicant for admission to the ICRGS. The brochure
  conspicuously proclaimed that the ICRGS's "Purpose" was:
  "Education, research, and publication in scientific and Biblical
  creationism." (Both the letter and the brochure said that the
  ICRGS's programs were approved by the State of California. They
  told nothing about the events of 1988, nor did they tell that
  continued approval depended on a new review by the Department.)

  In June, when the ICRGS had begun its summer session and presumably
  was running its revised and conformed degree programs, the ICR
  mailed the June-July-August issue of its quarterly devotional

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  booklet, "Days of Praise".

  The back cover bore the same boiler-plate that had appeared on all
  the earlier issues. It described the ICR as "A UNIQUE complex of
  evangelistic, missionary and educational ministries," and it listed
  the "ICR Graduate School of Creationist Science" as one of those
  ministries. I speculate, then, that be ICR -- regardless of what
  its agreement with the Department said -- may actually have
  intended to continue doing business as usual, dispensing the same
  old stuff.

  SOMETHING DIFFERENT

  In parts IV and V of this account, I told of the Department's
  efforts to obscure and rationalize the fiasco of last August.
  Department functionaries first had issued evasive, false or
  misleading statements and then had simply ignored inquiries. In
  early June, when I was writing Part V, they had failed to
  acknowledge several letters that asked how G. Edwin Miller had got
  onto the committee that Steeves had assembled for assessing the
  ICR.

  Later in June, however, the Department resumed answering mail, and
  at least two people who had inquired about the matter of Miller
  received a form-letter signed by Shirley A. Thornton, Bill Honig's
  "Deputy Superintendent, Specialized Programs Branch." It said, in
  part:

      At this point, it seems irrelevant to discuss the
      relationships of Mr. Howe or Mr. Miller. The committee
      on which they served has written its report and been
      disbanded. The final committee decision was to deny
      reapproval. . . . ICR is now in the process of taking
      corrective measures which shall be verified by another
      qualitative review and assessment committee this August.

      Consequently, we are focusing our efforts on ensuring
      that the most qualified and impartial panel possible will
      be selected for [the new assessment committee]. You have
      my assurance that extra diligence will be taken to
      ascertain whether committee members have any affiliation
      whatsoever with ICR or related organizations; if you have
      any recommendations on how to do so, please share them
      with Dr. Joseph Barankin, Director, Private Postsecondary
      Education Division, . . .

  This seemed to say that the Department was taking a different
  stance. It was not admitting that the 1988 committee's proceedings
  had been defective, but neither was it still trying to justify
  them. And it evidently saw that the picking of the new committee
  would demand care and expertise.

  THE NEW COMMITTEE


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  As I write this, the members of the new committee have just
  finished their visit to the ICR. They were there on 7, 8, 9 and 10
  August, and they now will give some weeks to the writing of their
  report.

  The members are: Christopher J. Wills, a geneticist from the
  department of Biology, University of California at San Diego;
  Richard E. Dickerson, chief of the Molecular Biology Institute,
  University of California at Los Angeles; Everett C. Olson, a
  vertebrate paleontologist from the Department of Biology,
  University of California at Los Angeles; Lawrence S. Lerner, a
  physicist and historian of science from the Department of Physics-
  Astronomy, California State University at Long Beach; and Leroy E.
  Eimers, from the Department of Science and Mathematics, Cedarville
  College.

  Eimers evidently is the member who, under the agreement between
  the ICR and the Department, was chosen by the ICR. Cedarville
  College is a Bible school in Cedarville, Ohio. (During a period in
  the 1950s it was called Cedarville Baptist College and Bible
  Institute.)

  I do not know why the ICR picked an Ohioan rather than a
  Californian, nor do I know much about Eimers himself. Unlike the
  four others on the committee, he is not listed in the 1989-1990
  edition of "American Men & Women of Science"; and neither he nor
  his college department is in the 1986-1987 edition (the most recent
  one available to me) of "Directory of Physics & Astronomy Staff."

  At least two of the Californians on the committee have had earlier
  experience with creationism and can be expected to show some
  special understanding of creationists and the ICR. Dickerson has
  served as a scientific expert in two legal actions that arose from
  creationists' attacks on science education in public schools, and
  Learner was a member of the state panel that recently drafted the
  new "Science Framework" to guide science instruction in the public
  schools of California.

  The draft has been opposed strenuously by creationists, because it
  lays strong emphasis on forthright teaching of scientific
  information about the history of Earth and the history of
  organisms. (See Diane Curtis's story "The Evolution Battle
  Evolves," in the "San Francisco Chronicle" for 20 July.) Lerner
  also has written at least two articles that dealt wholly or partly
  with creationism, and I have had the pleasure of being the co-
  author of one of them. (See "The Treatment of Theory in Textbooks,"
  which ran in April 1988 in "The Science Teacher", the monthly of
  the National Science Teachers Association.)

  The committee is being managed by Jeanne Bird, who joined the PPED,
  as a staff consultant, this spring. She is now one of the PPED's
  assistant directors. When I talked with her by telephone on 21
  July, she was cordial but reticent. She said that she held no
  degree in science or in law, but she would tell no more about her

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  education. Nor would she say what kind of work she had been doing
  for the PPED, or whether she had had any experience in managing the
  assessment of degree-granting institutions.


  SIDEBAR: MEET PROFESSOR JOHN

  D. James Kennedy is a fundamentalist preacher who makes commercial
  religious programs for both television and radio. His headquarters
  operation, Coral Ridge Ministries, is in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
  His enterprises include a daily, half-hour radio show called
  "Truths That Transform".

  On 10 May, that show offered an interview with Henry Morris's son
  John. John Morris has worked at the ICR for some years and now
  holds at least two jobs there: administrative vice-president and
  "full professor of geology." One of his geological specialties is
  discovering that humans and the great dinosaurs lived, very
  recently, side by side. (See his book "Tracking Those Incredible
  Dinosaurs and the People Who Knew Them", issued in 1980 by the
  ICR's publishing arm, Master Books.) He also searches for the
  remains of Noah's ark.

  The interview on "Truths That Transform" was conducted by one of
  D. James Kennedy's associates, who asked: "What does evolution have
  in common with the New Age and Marxism?" The putative answers were
  provided by John Morris, who also promoted a religious video in
  which he recently had appeared. The video is called "The Evolution
  Conspiracy: A Quantum Leap into the New Age". After telling his
  radio audience that there was no evidence for organic evolution,
  and that "doctrinaire evolutionists are also doctrinaire atheists,
  and most of 'em are Marxist," he tried to link evolutionary science
  to the New Age:

      It's just -- you know, there's no evidence in the fossil
      record that [organic evolution] ever did occur;
      scientific law shows that it couldn't occur, statistics
      show that it's highly unlikely -- impossibly unlikely --
      and so evolutionists, even, are abandoning this concept
      of pure naturalism, of naturalistic evolution. What
      they're doing, though, instead of moving over into the
      creationist camp, they're moving into another sort of
      evolution. Uh, instead of being naturalistic evolution,
      they're -- they're saying now that these sorts of things
      couldn't happen without an overriding mind, without a
      design.

      But instead of attributing that to God, they're --
      they're basically saying that nature is alive, that
      Mother Nature is thinking -- that -- this is the essence
      of Eastern mysticism. Uh, it's the New Age movement. You
      would be surprised how much of the technical, scientific
      literature talks about this idea that nature is alive,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
      that it thinks and it does this on purpose. . . . So the
      New Age movement is very definitely evolutionary, and
      modern evolution is moving in the direction of the New
      Age. In fact, they used to show the -- the monkeys, you
      know, getting bigger and bigger and turning into man.
      Well, now the drawings, they go beyond man into man in
      a lotus position. My goodness, this is the essence of the
      satanic world-view.

  All this was news to me. I had not known of any scientific law
  showing that organic evolution could not occur; I had not noticed
  that scientists were flocking to the New Age movement; I had never
  seen scientific drawings in which monkeys (or anything else) got
  bigger and bigger until they turned into a man in the lotus
  position; and I surely had not know that this was "the essence of
  the satanic world-view." I hope that John Morris explained all
  those things to the new visiting committee that the Department of
  Education sent to the ICR on 7 August, so that the committee's
  members could fully appreciate the work and intellect of the ICR's
  "full professor of geology." -- W.B.


  CALL FOR VOLUNTEERS

  Suddenly we are twice the size. BAS has doubled its subscribers and
  its commitments. We need help.

  Yves Barbero has been appointed to be the meeting coordinator as
  well as CSICOP liaison to entice them to bring the 1991 convention
  to San Francisco, so he must give up his long-time job of folding
  and stapling the newsletter. We need a distribution committee.

  We need a publicist, too. This job has been handed around from
  board member to board member in addition to their other duties. It
  needs the primary attention of an outgoing person, someone willing
  to learn the media ropes of the Bay Area. Perhaps it needs to be
  handled by a committee. We're open to suggestions.

  While experience is welcome, enthusiasm and willingness are the
  primary qualifications.

  Come to the VOLUNTEERS COORDINATING COMMITTEE MEETING on Sept. 13th
  at 7 p.m. at the home of Yves Barbero, 1073 Dolores Street, San
  Francisco. For further information, call (415) 285-4358 (evenings).

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the September, 1989 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1989 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
