{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T18:13:36Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 79257, "source_ctime_ns": 1790203337144773416, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-07.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790203337134811570, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-07.pdf", "source_sha256": "f5bf4d3c3bac12677cdfaea8e406c26a8bf1383fc144ea07ec551525fa5e6fd5"}

------------------------------------------------------
  July 1990 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 9, No. 7
              Editor: Kent Harker


  CONCRETE PYRAMIDS
  by Lynn Hammond

  [Lynn Hammond is a Bay Area Skeptic from Idaho (he has never lived
  in the Bay Area) and frequent contributor to "BASIS".]

  What is it about human nature that we seem to bend in the mystical
  direction when we confront some puzzling phenomenon?

  This behavior has always interested me, so I bought Joseph
  Campbell's "The Power of Myth". The reading is a bit daunting, to
  say the least (if I were not so afraid of being thought a mental
  midget I would say the print has some chloroform in it), and the
  typeface is too small. Why, even the pictures are hard.

  Campbell draws the conclusion that we NEED myth: it plays a vital
  role in developing consciousness. Prescientific cultures took their
  mythology very seriously. However, they made a very important
  distinction in the way they approached myth that we moderns do not
  appreciate: they didn't worry if myth had any relation to truth.
  That sounds paradoxical to us; perhaps a better sense of ancient
  mythology would be how we use imagination.

  There was no need to try to make any real sense out of their
  mythology, so it was free to float and evolve in any direction at
  any time. Harmonization with reality and internal consistency are
  definitely modern -- and mostly western -- notions. The number of
  their gods and goddesses multiplied rapidly, but if a particular
  god became useless there was no psychological angst involved in
  simply discarding the bugger as easily as a worn shoe.

  How early societies might have dealt with mythology was
  delightfully exhibited in a PBS documentary about some East African
  tribes. These tribes had been under British colonial rule, so the
  game of cricket was one of the vestiges that had somehow stuck. But
  not without some radical modifications. Originally, when the tribal
  teams met to compete, violent fights (even death) were usually the
  result. The chiefs realized that they could not play the game with
  British rules. They adapted the play to correspond with tribal
  ethos: virtually every aspect of the game was ritualized.

  The occasion of a game quickly became rich with the ritual display
  of the competitors and the event took on epic proportions. A grand
  drama would be played out on the field in which larger-than-life


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  heroes would meet to do cosmic battle. Skill in play was not the
  point: the home team must win, with ready excuses for the visiting
  team (the gods did not favor them, etc.). Thus myth became part of
  the game.

  I think that this human need for mythology, if there is such a
  thing, may help explain why so many of us lean to bizarre
  explanations. Prosaic solutions just don't have the tantalizing
  flair of mystery that fulfills the "myth" spot in our core.

  THE GREAT PYRAMIDS

  Consider now how this applies to the construction of the Great
  Pyramids. Egyptology itself is the embodiment of mystery. The
  sophistication of that society is suffused with the richness of a
  culture advanced beyond its historical setting.

  Modern researchers have carefully put the pieces of the puzzle
  together to learn how the pyramids were made. Quarry sites have
  been uncovered. Cut marks in the quarries show how the slabs were
  hewn (they drilled holes in a slab, drove in wooden pegs and then
  soaked the pegs, which, when they expanded, split the rock). Tons
  of rock chips exist at the quarry sites -- the "tailings" of the
  stone work. There are many paintings and bas-relief depictions of
  giant sleds bearing the construction blocks, pulled by legions of
  workers. Researchers have uncovered pyramids abandoned at the
  beginning stages of construction. In those abandoned projects are
  the "scaffolding" as it were, left with the remains: earthen ramps
  built to the monument. Just as we remove the scaffolds and
  construction cranes when a building is completed, they removed the
  ramps.

  But this is so mundane! Atlantians, ancient astronauts, psychic
  energies from the ethereal plane are all vastly more tantalizing to
  imagine how the 60-ton monoliths were somehow hoisted. (Never mind
  that the whopping majority of the pyramid's mass is from stones
  under a ton, not to diminish the engineering feat and sheer
  effort.)

  Science just pulls the rug from under our sense of fancy sometimes.

  SUSPICIOUS MYSTERY

  Well, this whole thing about the pyramids came to my consciousness
  in an article forwarded to me from BAS member Leilane Allen. In it,
  a French researcher, Joseph Davidovits, claims to have solved the
  pyramid riddle -- despite the fact that it is no longer a riddle -
  - "once and for all." He wrote a book about it from which the
  article was excerpted. He claims that the stones are a high quality
  concrete, cast in situ. There you have it.

  What the book apparently lacks in evidence for this rather
  fantastic hypothesis is perhaps revealed in the author's motive:
  "It has been one of my goals," he says on page 108 of his book,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  "not only to offer materials for monument repair, but also to show
  Egypt how to make unsurpassed building materials with local natural
  resources for more urgent needs."

  Davidovits, you see, holds a patent on a polymer cement, which he
  calls a "revolutionary construction material." He intimates that
  his discovery is either the original formula or an upgraded
  derivation, revealingly calling the stuff "Pyrament." He wants the
  Egyptian government to buy it to repair and maintain the pyramids.
  He suggests that it would be a "revolutionary way" for modern
  Egyptians to overcome their housing problems.

  Surely his own financial interest in his "discovery" could not
  explain his shrug of all the modern evidence we have. Mythology
  begins to look refreshing over the crass commercialism of this
  shameless misuse of science.


  KEEP IN TOUCH

  with the BAS BBS: 300/1200/2400 baud. Lively exchange, current
  events, updates on skeptical happenings, relevant TV and radio
  appearances of BAS notables and rationality are a dial away.
  415-564-4225.


  EDITOR'S INTRODUCTION

  In what began as an introduction to the following article, I soon
  realized that it was too long and too italic, hence this intro.

  When mainstream scientists speak of "creationists" it is generally
  regarded that reference is to that narrow group of Christian
  fundamentalists exemplified by the faculty at the Institute for
  Creation Research (ICR) in Santee, California. The people at ICR
  refer to themselves as "scientific creationists", claiming that
  their conclusions are the result of scientific research. At the
  same time, ICR, and two other similar organizations in the US,
  require their faculty to subscribe to an oath of Biblical inerrency
  in matters of science and history.

  According to the scientific creationists, Genesis, not the
  universe, is the source of knowledge. Whatever one observes must
  conform to a literal reading (specifically their literal reading)
  of Genesis, according to the sworn oath. The universe was created
  ex nihilo roughly 6,000 years ago in six twenty-four hour days, and
  nothing -- NOTHING -- has, or could be, created since then. When
  God rested on the seventh day it was not because He was tired, but
  because He was finished, and His creation was "good." Nothing could
  improve upon what God had wrought.

  ICR has gone so far as to assert that if those professing

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  Christianity do not accept a literal Genesis as "foundational" they
  cannot be "true" Christians. (See, for example, Ken Ham's "The Lie:
  Evolution", Creation-Life Publishers, 1987. Creation-Life
  Publishers is ICR's press.) Thus the creationists have set a
  dichotomy to sunder the sheep and the goats: Creation vs.
  Evolution. They have cast this struggle between Good and Evil. They
  believe that this clash is part of an apocalyptic battle that must
  be won at any cost. This is how serious they are, and it should
  give us pause to consider the length to which they will go to see
  their views advanced in society. For them, it is a cause celebre,
  and nothing will deter their aspirations and determination. Their
  small numbers belie their effectiveness.

  This creationist dichotomy is as ludicrous as it is false. The axe
  they use to cleave has surgical as well as bludgeon aspects,
  depending on where and how they wield it. To an uninformed public,
  the slice is made to appear clean and easy: If one has the sense to
  know that a 747 cannot assemble itself in a junkyard how much less
  sense does it make to presume that a human could assemble itself
  from some random molecules in the universe? To a scientist, the
  creationist tool is a dull, heavy meat axe. The butchery of logic
  is only one of a long inventory of casualties. The creationist
  false dichotomy parcels mainstream Christianity into the same
  cauldron as the hated "secular humanists," though ICR tries to
  moderates its rabid stance in the presence of other Christians. (In
  private, the "Romanists" are just a step up from secular
  humanists.)

  It is perhaps somewhere in here -- in the gap between the
  creationist's dichotomy -- that the so-called theistic
  evolutionists may find themselves. I do not like to be pigeonholed,
  so I do not want to make matters worse by cutting a large piece of
  cloth in which to wrap all the rest of Christianity. On one end of
  this spectrum are the creationists, and perhaps on the other end is
  someone like Teillard de Chardin, the French Jesuit paleontologist
  who taught that biological evolution gave rise to consciousness in
  man and that a "spiritual" evolutionary process has been underway
  since.

  It is important that evolutionists not create their own version of
  the false dichotomy. There is room for a lot of diversity within
  the modern theory(s) of evolution. Most scientists are able to
  separate their religious sentiments from their work in the
  laboratory and reconcile their faith as a wholly different aspect
  of their lives. They are thus able to let the evidence lead them
  wherever it will.

  A favorite trick of the creationists is to mix the origin of life
  with the origin of the species. The speculative nature of the
  former can then be used to dilute and taint the sound theory of the
  latter. Origins research is still an infant science; there are, at
  present, no credible theories. We are still at the hypothesis stage
  -- not much advanced from the time of Darwin when he said that
  there is a greater gulf between inanimate life and the simplest

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  living thing than between the simplest living thing and Homo
  sapiens. Darwin assumed the existence of life for evolution to
  work, and we are hardly further along today. However life began,
  evolution of that life is a fact. Only HOW evolution occurred is
  theory.

  "BASIS" does not, for the most part, deal with the philosophic
  questions that might be raised by scientific theories, and matters
  of faith are outside the purview of skeptical inquiry. The
  editorial view on the creationist question is motivated by the
  perceived threat of what the creationists want to do in our
  schools. The minds of our youth are the concern of us all, theist,
  atheist and everyone in between.

  The following article is by Walter Hearn, a leader in a group of
  Christians opposed to ICR's view of the universe. It is a response
  to some statements made by Bill Bennetta in a recent "BASIS"
  article. BAS believes that controversy and spirited confrontation
  in the best Socratic tradition is desirable and healthy. We do not
  pretend to have all the answers -- in spite of our telephone
  mnemonic -- so we welcome reproval, correction and confrontation
  whenever one thinks we have fallen off the path.

  Bill Bennetta will certainly have the opportunity to respond to Mr.
  Hearn's rebuttal in next month's issue of "BASIS". If others of our
  readers would like to join the fray we welcome your thoughts.


  BENNETTA V. ASA: MISGUIDED ZEAL?
  by Walter R. Hearn

  In a book review in "BASIS" ("Creationists issue a phony
  schoolbook," Apr. 1990, pp. 5-7), William Bennetta took a
  gratuitous swipe at an entirely different publication, a 48-page
  booklet for teachers published by the American Scientific
  Affiliation (ASA). He labeled ASA's "Teaching Science in a Climate
  of Controversy" "creationist pseudoscience" and "classic
  creationist quackery." Mr. Bennetta has trained himself to pursue
  creationists with prosecutorial zeal, but this time his trained
  zeal is barking at another kettle of fish. I know, because I'm a
  long-time ASA member and one of the authors of that ASA booklet.

  Skeptics in the Bay Area have been treated to many pages of Bill
  Bennetta's pungent prose. I may be the only one, however, who has
  seen a demonstration of his ability to read minds. In 1986 he
  quickly discerned and exposed evil purposes lurking behind ASA's
  attempt to moderate the so-called creation/evolution controversy.
  Now he does not hesitate to state that the ASA booklet's authors
  are "trying to put `creation science' into public schools by
  offering bogus publications to science teachers." He KNOWS what an
  author intends. He is so convinced by the "aura" or whatever it is
  he sees about ASA members that he is absolutely sure we are
  "scientific-creationists." Well, he is wrong. We are not.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  Bennetta is of course right to call the leaders of the Institute
  for Creation Research (ICR) creationists. For one thing, that is
  the label they give themselves. As far as I know, ICR's Henry
  Morris invented the term "scientific creationism," now legally
  defined by "McLean v. Arkansas Board of Education", "Aguillard v.
  Edwards", and "Edwards v. Aguillard". Creationism is "religion
  masquerading as science."

  In his relentless pursuit of Morris and company, Bennetta has had
  to spend so much time reading their literature that he now sounds
  like a fundamentalist himself. He is his own authority. If he calls
  you a creationist, you must BE a creationist: it is the
  authoritative Word of Bennetta. To deny his classification is to
  defy the Will of Bennetta -- proving that you are not only wicked
  but clever enough to try to conceal your wickedness. (Sorry, Bill,
  but that's what it feels like to be caricatured.)

  The "BASIS" review is not the first time that Bennetta has
  deprecated "Teaching Science" in print, but this time I think he
  chose the wrong audience. Skeptics' opinions are notoriously hard
  to mold. Why take some authority's word for it if we can examine
  the evidence for ourselves? That's what I had in mind on April 7
  when I wrote a Letter to the Editor of "BASIS" protesting
  Bennetta's calumny. I offered to provide a copy of the ASA booklet
  to any "BASIS" reader interested in checking out the accuracy of
  Bennetta's charges. Editor Kent Harker telephoned to say that the
  May and June issues were already full. On the other hand, he would
  have room in the July issue for a full response.

  If you're reading this, be proud of the openness of "BASIS" to
  dissenting views. Not every publication, even in the name of
  science or education, is so free from censorship. For example,
  consider the "California Science Teachers Journal". In "BASIS",
  Bennetta cited his own "CSTJ" article, "A Question of Integrity,"
  an expanded version of his initial blast at the "Teaching Science"
  booklet in "Creation/Evolution Newsletter". That newsletter of the
  National Center for Science Education (now "NCSE Reports" -- may
  its scribe increase) printed my full reply to Bennetta, along with
  a number of both positive and negative responses to the ASA booklet
  ("C/E Newsletter", Jan./Feb. 1987; Mar./Apr./May/June 1987).

  In contrast, the "California Science Teachers Journal" refused to
  print a response. Evidently if Bennetta said it, they believed it,
  and that settled it.

  The manuscript rebutting Bennetta's "CSTJ" article, received by
  that journal on 25 Aug. 1987, was rejected on 4 Sept. 1987 on
  grounds that "all reviewers have judged this article to be
  seriously contradicting a position statement of the National
  Science Teachers Association." I was more impressed by the rapid
  and unanimous decision by "all reviewers" than by the reason given
  for rejection. Why? Because "The Science Teacher", published by the
  National Science Teachers Association (NSTA) itself, treated my


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  response quite differently.

  "The Science Teacher" had devoted eight full pages of its May 1987
  issue to a clutch of negative reviews of the ASA booklet solicited
  and edited by William Bennetta. I responded to Bennetta's claims
  echoing through those reviews in a manuscript that took "TST"'s
  referees more than a few days to evaluate. At the suggestion of at
  least one referee, I was invited to shorten my response and
  resubmit it as a Letter to the Editor, which "TST" printed in its
  Feb. 1988 issue. (Editor Juliana Texley had panned the ASA booklet
  in a Feb. 1987 editorial, but then in Sept. 1987 printed my letter
  responding to her own editorial comments. I call that integrity.)

  ASA published "Teaching Science" in 1986 and mailed it to about
  half of the 40,000-plus high-school biology teachers on the NSTA
  list. (Bennetta got that part right in his "BASIS" remarks.) With
  additional foundation funding in 1987, we reprinted the booklet and
  mailed it to the other half of the same list. In that reprinting we
  could make only a few changes, but in a second reprinting in 1989,
  which brought the total number in print to over 100,000, we took
  into account all substantive criticisms of the earlier versions,
  whether from friendly or hostile reviewers. (The 1989 version of
  "Teaching Science in a Climate of Controversy" is available
  postpaid for $6 from ASA, P.O. Box 668, Ipswich, MA 01938.)

  See for yourself

  "BASIS" readers interested in the teaching of science in public
  schools can evaluate the ASA booklet on its own merits and compare
  it with Mr. Bennetta's caricature. I have a small stack of author's
  copies at my home. As long as they last, for $2 P&H (check made to
  Walter Hearn or to ASA), I will send by First Class mail to any
  "BASIS" reader a free copy of the current (1989) version of
  "Teaching Science". My address is 762 Arlington Ave., Berkeley, CA
  94707.

  I suggest that the booklet be read for its content, with no
  preconceived notions about whether one is "for it" or "against it."
  But just in case a toxic mischaracterization has already poisoned
  the well of independent judgment, I will also enclose copies of the
  following, as antidote:

  1) The manuscript, "Teaching Science in a Climate of Trust" (my
  response to Bennetta's full attack), which was rejected by
  "California Science Teachers Journal";

  2) Three published responses to specific criticisms by Bennetta et
  al.: my letter in "The Science Teacher" (Feb. 1988) and two
  communications in the Sept. 1988 "Perspectives on Science and
  Christian Faith", ASA's own journal (one by "Teaching Science"
  coauthor John Wiester, the other by parasitologist Wilbur Bullock),
  along with Bullock's editorial from that issue;

  3) A positive review of "Teaching Science" by retired chemistry

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  professor Alan H. Crosby (not an ASA member, so far as I know), to
  show that the ASA booklet is gradually educating conservative
  Christians, letting them know that there is a broad and legitimate
  middle ground between the ideologies of "militant creationists" and
  "militant evolutionists" (the reviewer's terms); and

  4) An ASA brochure, so you can see that the organization openly
  describes itself as "a fellowship of Christians in the sciences
  committed to understanding the relationship of science to the
  Christian faith," and see how it answers the question, "What is the
  ASA position on controversial issues like evolution?"

  OF PANDERS AND SLANDERS

  Bennetta's excuse for tearing into the ASA authors (David Price,
  John Wiester, Walter Hearn) in "BASIS" was the fact that we were
  listed in the book he was denouncing, "Of Pandas and People", among
  35 "critical reviewers of portions or all of the manuscript." When
  "Pandas" first appeared I wrote to the sponsoring organization
  Foundation for Thought & Ethics, Richardson, Texas), to point out
  where I thought "Pandas" had gone wrong.

  Since I disagreed with some of their book's basic premises, I asked
  that my name be dropped from the list in any further printings. I
  now suggest that instead of dropping my name, they should add
  William Bennetta's name to the list, since he and I have both
  become "critical reviewers" of "Pandas". That should keep others
  from jumping to the same erroneous conclusion that a "reviewer"
  necessarily liked the book.

  About "Pandas" I need say only that the three ASA authors think it
  is seriously flawed. We have met with two of the book's sponsors to
  explain why so think. Although we are in sympathy with their
  opposition to "evolutionary naturalism" as a philosophical
  position, we think that their approach does not distinguish
  carefully enough between that philosophy of "evolutionISM" and
  evolution as science. Despite Bennetta's efforts to read a "two-
  model" approach into our ASA booklet, "Teaching Science" fully
  supports the teaching of evolution as science and warns against
  both theistic AND atheistic scientisms. More about these important
  distinctions later.

  About half of Bennetta's review of "Pandas" concerned the
  qualifications of its authors and editor. I agree with him that it
  was a mistake not to identify them because I, too, would like to
  know what they have accomplished. Editor Charles Thaxton is the
  only one I know well enough to argue with, and I've done quite a
  bit of that in the over 25 years that I've known him.

  Bennetta doubts that they could contribute anything useful to
  science education because, even if they've earned doctorates in
  pertinent fields, they haven't contributed much to "the formal
  scientific literature." Maybe what they've been doing is
  "scientific consulting" -- Bennetta's own profession.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  Ironically, I hit a snag a few years ago when I tried to check out
  Bill Bennetta's qualifications. I called U.C. Berkeley's Life
  Sciences Library and asked a reference librarian to look up Dr.
  William J. Bennetta in the latest edition of "American Men & Women
  of Science". She couldn't find him so she asked me to check the
  spelling of his name. Still no luck. She wanted to know what
  position he held. The conversation went something like this:
  "That's what I'm trying to find out," I said. "He seems to have
  some connection with the California Academy of Sciences. He may be
  the director of it, for all I know."

  "Well, his name's not here. He could be a scientist, but still not
  be listed. Only the very top scientists are listed in ["American
  Men & Women".]"

  "Oh, I wouldn't say that, exactly. I'm in it, myself, or used to
  be. His field seems to be biology. Evolutionary biology. I got his
  name from something he published in "Creation/ Evolution
  Newsletter"."

  "Oh, well, then! That explains it. He may not even be a scientist.
  People who write in creationist publications like that aren't REAL
  scientists."

  "Er, uh, have you ever seen a copy of "Creation/Evolution
  Newsletter"? I don't think you could call it a creationist
  publication."

  "Well, they're really sneaky. Sometimes you can't tell just by
  reading that stuff."

  Since then I've had some correspondence with William Bennetta and
  seen him described in an Academy publication as "a scientific
  consultant, a professional editor, and a research associate of the
  California Academy of Sciences." In the Academy's Annual Report for
  1987-88 two papers of his in science education journals were listed
  as "Staff Publications," but a person in the Education Office could
  not find his name on the Academy staff. It turns out that he is
  listed as a Fellow of the Academy. No doubt he's a jolly good
  Fellow. He makes an occasional statement, however, which somebody
  can deny.

  A CASE OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY

  One thing that seems to irk Bennetta about the American Scientific
  Affiliation is its name. In "BASIS" he called ASA "a religious
  organization with a misleading name." Sometimes he writes it with
  "[sic]" after "Scientific." I'm sorry that the American Scientific
  Affiliation's name makes him sic, but it has served its purpose for
  almost 50 years. I like "Affiliation," distinct from the more
  common Association or Society. I'm not so keen on "American"
  because we have so many members overseas, many applying their
  technical skills in developing countries. Since glasnost, we have


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  our first member in the Soviet Union, a Moscow physicist. He is a
  Christian, as are all ASA members.

  Most ASA members are active in research or science teaching. There
  are several categories. "Members" must have at least one degree in
  science; "Associates" are interested in science but (like Members
  of the American Association for the Advancement of Science) need
  not have scientific training; a new category of "Friends" was set
  up for scientists supportive of ASA who for one reason or another
  do not wish to sign ASA's Statement of Faith; "Fellows" must have
  a doctorate or, for a few, the equivalent in years of experience
  (no doubt like Fellows of the California Academy). ASA also has
  "Student" members.

  In 1973, primarily for tax reasons, Canadian ASA members formed
  their own related organization, calling it the Canadian Scientific
  and Christian Affiliation. At the time, some members thought it
  would be good to add the "and Christian" phrase to the ASA's name,
  but it wasn't done. I doubt that ASA's name misleads anyone.

  Compare it with that of the Federation of American Scientists
  (which I take to be essentially a labor union) or the Union of
  Concerned Scientists (which I take to be not a union but a
  political organization). Those organizations of scientists have a
  distinct purpose; ASA is an organization of scientists with a
  distinct purpose. That purpose is has NEVER been "to put `creation
  science' into public schools." It is "to investigate any area
  relating Christian faith and science" and "to make known the
  results of such investigations for comment and criticism by the
  Christian community and by the scientific community."

  Even the American Chemical Society has an agenda.When "chemicals"
  started getting a bad name, some ACS members wanted to change the
  name of the society. It isn't a society of CHEMICALS, they said,
  it's a CHEMISTRY society. No, said others, its a society of
  CHEMISTS. In the end, the ACS kept its old name. In the same way,
  our affiliation of like-minded scientists has kept the term
  "Scientific."

  Bennetta's real problem with ASA seems to be that its members sign
  a statement of religious faith. Maybe he can't see any difference
  between taking the Bible SERIOUSLY in matters of faith (ASA's
  position) and taking it LITERALLY in scientific matters (ICR's
  position). He is evidently convinced that no real scientist could
  give assent to a statement of belief in God as creator, in Christ
  as savior, or in the Bible as God's Word and hence "the only
  unerring guide of faith and conduct." He is wrong about that --
  unless HE gets to define who is a real scientist.

  ICR's Henry Morris has frequently defined real believers in the
  Bible: those who see creation the same way he does, as having
  occurred suddenly, only a few thousand years ago. In my opinion
  Bennetta and Morris are both wrong and both are annoyed by ASA for
  the same reason: its existence challenges their definitions.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  (Morris was once an ASA member but evidently grew uncomfortable
  around so many Christians who disagreed with him and dropped out.)

  In 1989 ASA changed the wording of its Statement of Faith. It now
  says that God has endowed the universe with "contingent order and
  intelligibility, the basis of scientific investigation, and
  contains a new statement explicitly committing members to
  stewardship of science and technology "for the good of humanity and
  the whole world." ASA's agenda goes beyond science, but so does
  that of every scientific organization that says anything about "the
  good of humanity" or any "good" at all. Values in science and the
  values OF science are philosophical issues that extend beyond
  science.

  CONTROVERSY OVER EVOLUTION

  The controversy over the teaching of evolution in public schools
  touches on values that definitely go beyond science. Few writers
  have stated the problem more clearly or succinctly than
  philosopher-historian Robert Root-Bernstein (in "Evolutionists
  Confront Creationists", ed. by F. Awbrey & W. Thwaites, 1984, p.
  20):
     The evolutionist-creationist controversy is not a
     scientific one. It is a religious, political, and
     educational controversy stemming from three basic
     problems: 1) the confusion between science and religion;
     2) the attempt by creationists to subject science to
     ideological control; and 3) the total failure of our
     educational system to teach the public the basic
     information needed to evaluate and recognize these
     problems.

      In short, the controversy is not caused by scientific
      disagreements. It is caused by ignorance: ignorance of
      what science is, what religion is, and how they differ;
      ignorance of the sociopolitical dangers of ideological
      control of science; ignorance of the purpose of modern
      education. I assert, therefore, that scientists are
      wasting their time debating scientific issues with the
      creationists. Creationism is not the enemy. Ignorance is.
      Debates are no solution. Education is. And on this score,
      evolutionists clearly have as much to learn as do
      creationists -- particularly in the fields of history,
      philosophy, theology, and politics where the educational
      battle must be fought.

  Concern about Root-Bernstein's point no. 2 is what drives
  "Bennetta's Vendetta" against creationists in general and against
  the Institute for Creation Research in particular. The harmful
  effects of ideological control of science, whether by the church in
  past centuries or by totalitarian regimes officially hostile to the
  church in our own, are evident. Those who do battle against
  creationists must at times wonder how a handful of such
  scientifically marginalized leaders can command such a following.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  Root-Bernstein attributes their following to "the total failure of
  our educational system" to teach the public the facts of public
  life.

  I agree that better education is badly needed, but as a product of
  public education myself, I hesitate to make such a sweeping
  denunciation. Somehow, even before Sputnik launched the Biological
  Sciences Curriculum Study, I learned enough about biological
  evolution to take it seriously and learned how to distinguish
  science from religion. I'm not sure that the best approach to
  re-educating science teachers is to call the system in which they
  work a "total failure." In "Teaching Science" we tried to take a
  more positive and helpful approach.

  Members of ASA, who have been busy educating ourselves all these
  years about "history, philosophy, theology, and politics" in
  addition to science, have an alternative analysis of the
  controversy to offer. Why is such a large part of the public that
  does NOT buy into young-earth creationist doctrine unwilling to
  write off the creationist cause? Is it really because all of them
  are ignorant, especially of science, and "the purpose of modern
  education, and politically naive? I doubt it.

  Rather, I think many ordinary citizens perceive the scientific
  establishment to be ALREADY at risk of control by an essentially a
  NON-theistic or even ANTI-theistic ideology. That is why ASA takes
  pains to support evolutionary science while opposing evolutionISM
  (evolutionary naturalism). That is why ASA's "Teaching Science in
  a Climate of Controversy" urges teachers to distinguish evidence
  from inference and (while treating students' religious questions
  with respect) stick to teaching science with neither theistic nor
  atheistic embellishments.

  In my experience, working scientists are seldom as ideological as
  non-scientists perceive them to be, but the public perception is
  continually fed by pronouncements from scientistic ideologues like
  biologist William Provine of Cornell University. Here's a paragraph
  from a "sermon" of his in "The Scientist" (5 Sept. 1988, p. 10):

      The implications of modern science, however, are clearly
      inconsistent with most religious traditions. No purposive
      principles exist in nature. Organic evolution has
      occurred by various combinations of random genetic drift,
      natural selection, Mendelian heredity, and many other
      purposeless mechanisms. Humans are complex organic
      machines that die completely with no survival of soul or
      psyche. Humans and other animals make choices frequently,
      but these are determined by the interaction of heredity
      and environment and are not the result of free will. No
      inherent moral or ethical laws exist, nor are there
      absolute guiding principles for human society. The
      universe cares nothing for us and we have no ultimate
      meaning in life.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  With friends like Professor Provine, science also needs friends
  like ASA to provide balance. ASA members demonstrate that at least
  some scientists who take evolution seriously are theists. We are
  not mere deists who attribute some distant primeval act of creation
  to a deity or divine force -- a position Provine considers
  "effectively indistinguishable from atheism." We are THEISTS who
  practice our religious faith and worship God as our creator, on
  whose purposeful activity we consider the world to be always
  contingent. We do not claim warrant for that theistic stance from
  science, but our presence in the scientific community helps to deny
  claims of exclusive scientific warrant to naturalism or materialism
  the philosophical positions that William Provine would certainly
  consider "indistinguishable from atheism."

  The idea that evolution is being taught with ideological bias in
  many classrooms is hardly far-fetched. Nor is it naive to suspect
  that proponents of a scientistic ideology other than creationism
  want to control science or education. If "control" seems too strong
  a word in our open democratic system, consider the last paragraph
  of Bennetta's review in the April "BASIS". There he proudly reports
  talking an NSTA official into refusing to accept advertisements in
  their publications for a book he (Bennetta) has declared "bogus
  from cover to cover."

  What has happened to respect for the ability of science teachers to
  judge for themselves? And what if our "bogus detector" is not an
  unerring guide? With Bennetta or some other self-appointed censor
  controlling what appears in print, how can an error be corrected?

  (Hooray for editor Robert Romer of the "American Journal of
  Physics", who is dead set against ideological control -- even his
  own. In a letter to "Science" (13 Apr. 1990, pp. 44-45) he declared
  his policy "not to refuse advertisements, not even for books that
  I know should never have been written and ought never to be read.")

  Someone (we can only guess who) tried to exercise a blatant brand
  of censorship after ASA rented an exhibit booth at the NSTA
  national convention in Washington, D.C., in March 1987. In
  "Teaching Science in a Climate of Controversy" we had criticized as
  overstatements two sentences about human evolution in "Science and
  Creationism", a 1984 booklet distributed to teachers by the
  National Academy of Sciences. Some stalwart guardian of scientific
  truth called NAS, saying that ASA had attacked their booklet, and
  persuaded NAS to put pressure on NSTA to take away ASA's exhibit
  privileges. The ploy didn't work, but it came close enough to show
  ASA what ideological control feels like.


  Indeed, some published responses to the ASA booklet seemed
  emotional and out of proportion from the beginning. The nine
  scientists Bennetta assembled to critique the booklet in "The
  Science Teacher" (May 1987) offered little correction for any
  scientific or pedagogical errors we might have made, but accused us
  of all sorts of moral offenses, including:

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
      undermining public understanding of science; attempting
      to cripple science education; rejecting evolutionary
      biology; trying to appear respectable to lay people;
      using innuendo and selective omission; making a mockery
      of claims of objectivity; telling lies for the purpose of
      proselyting; producing an insidious but masterful piece
      of propaganda; being treacherous, nefarious, and
      dishonest; attempting to impose particular religious
      beliefs on others; lacking intellectual curiosity;
      concealing religious motives; misquoting or
      misrepresenting the views of professional biologists;
      obfuscating, distorting, and waffling with regard to
      human origins; promoting an incredibly naive approach;
      failing to follow the norms of science or the traditions
      of fair and decent argument; using lamentable rhetorical
      tricks; and inappropriately offering a synthesis of
      science and religion.

  Doesn't that make you want to get hold of a copy of "Teaching
  Science in a Climate of Controversy"? Can it really be that
  vicious? Although Bennetta edited the reviews, the monotonous tone
  of those phrases may arise more from his selection of like-minded
  critics than from his editing of what they wrote.

  With the notable exception of anthropologist Vincent Sarich,
  though, the scientists devoted more space to moralizing than to
  substantive critique. That is why I ended my Letter to the Editor
  (Feb. 1988) this way:

      What About The Major Conclusions?

      Primarily the ASA booklet discusses the drawing of
      appropriate inferences from scientific evidence. Focusing
      on four unsolved problems in science, it uses each to
      make a basic point about how to evaluate evidence. It
      also suggests an "answer" for each "Open Question":

      "Did the universe have a beginning?" The booklet says
      that present evidence points to a positive answer, but
      the question is still open. It warns that the question
      easily moves beyond the limits of science per se.

      2. "Did life on earth arise by chance?" The booklet says
      that chance means different things to different people,
      but the fact is that in spite of all the experimental and
      theoretical work done to date, "Scientists do not know
      how life arose."

      3. "Where did the first animals come from?" The booklet
      concludes that the origins and earliest evolution of the
      invertebrate phyla remain essentially undocumented in the
      fossil record. It neither proposes an explanation nor
      accuses researchers of covering up our ignorance. But why


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
      should high school textbooks neglect such a pivotal point
      or (in the words of Gould et al.) "crux" in life's
      recorded history?

      4. "Do we share common ancestry with apes?" The fourth
      question should have been worded more narrowly, to focus
      on what we know (and do not know) about the point (or
      points) where the hominid line diverged. But even the
      broader conclusion, that it is too soon "to say with
      certainty that we share a common ancestry with apes," was
      meant to demonstrate that many problems are yet to be
      solved. As the scientific establishment begins to face
      tighter budgetary restrictions, paleoanthropology should
      not be shut down "because we already know the answer."

      Those are the four major conclusions of the ASA booklet.
      We say to our critics; stop the name-calling and
      pigeonholing. Skip the naturalistic or supernaturalistic
      speculations. Just tell us (and the teachers): on the
      basis of presently available evidence, are those
      conclusions wrong?

  In the current version of "Teaching Science" we changed the fourth
  question to "What is known of the earliest hominid?"; rewrote part
  of that section and the whole section on the first animals; and
  made the bibliography more useful. We kept the focus on unsolved
  scientific problems but added a WARNING label to identify the
  booklet as a supplement, not a textbook containing a complete
  presentation of evidence for evolution.

  We saw no reason to change our major conclusions, but we're willing
  to be educated. See for yourself.


  ANNUAL BAS PICNIC

  This year the BAS picnic is going to be the best one on record,
  pure and simple. If you attended last year there is no doubt that
  you will have this event on your agenda. Ben and Carol Baumgartner
  did the ENTIRE shebang on their own time and money last year.

  We can only thank them for such generosity, but we can't allow them
  to do the whole thing again. All this notwithstanding, they said
  that they would like to prepare the food for us -- something we
  would all heartily endorse -- but we ask participants to pay for
  their own food. At any fast-food service you'll easily spend five
  bucks for some processed swill, but for the same five you will have
  a variety of food you couldn't match at twice the price. Please
  lend a hand if you live in the Mountain View area, or if you can
  help the day of the picnic please call, too: 415-968-1535.

  We need two things from you: (1) your check for $5 per person to
  Ben Baumgartner (2467 Betlo Ave., Mountain View 94043), (2) Your

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  first and second choice of meat. The meat choices will be chicken
  (teriyaki or BBQ), BBQ beef patties, or Polish sausage. The
  logistics for supplying beverage is just too much, so bring your
  own drinks. Hors d'oeuvres, salad and dessert will be provided.
  There will be entertainment for the whole family, so bring the
  kids; a child's (10 and under) plate will be $3 each. Place: Palo
  Alto (exact location to follow). Date Aug. 18. Time: 10 a.m. (eat
  between 12 and 2). We look forward to seeing you there. Make your
  reservations early so you won't be disappointed. Come meet fellow
  skeptics and mingle with a truly interesting bunch of people.


  CALENDAR
  June meeting . . .
  KIDS AND PSYCHOLOGY: A SKEPTICAL VIEW
  by: Jeffrey Masson, Ph.D.
  Tuesday, July 24th, 7:30 pm
  El Cerrito Library

  The El Cerrito Public Library is at 6510 Stockton Ave. From Route
  80, take the Central Ave. exit (the third exit north of University
  Ave.). Go east about three blocks and turn left on San Pablo Ave.,
  continue three blocks and turn right on Stockton. The library is on
  the right in the third block.

  Watch for coming events in the BAS CALENDAR, or call 415-LA TRUTH
  for up-to-the-minute details on events. If you have ideas about
  topics or speakers leave a message on the hotline.

  WARNING: We STRONGLY URGE that you call the hotline shortly before
  attending any Calendar activity to see if there have been any
  changes.


  A CRITICAL EXAMINATION OF CHILDREN ON THE COUCH
  by Jeffrey Masson

  Author of "The Assault on Truth: Freud's Suppression of the
  Seduction Theory", "Against Therapy: Emotional Tyranny and the Myth
  of Psychological Healing" and numerous other books and articles
  questioning psychiatric history and practices, Dr. Masson now
  tackles the analysis of children. Masson, who counts Sanskrit
  among the half dozen or so Asian and European languages he
  understands, is presently looking into how children's mental
  hospitals are operated in California.

  Dr. Masson (Ph.D. in psychology), a trained psychoanalyst, offers
  insight into basic questions about the treatment of children much
  as he did with the treatment of women in his earlier work, ("A Dark
  Science: Women, Sexuality and Psychiatry in the 19th Century"). His
  talk will cover the use of psychiatry as a means to label, evaluate
  and manipulate children in and out of institutions.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  As traditional Freudian psychoanalysis is under increasing fire,
  come and see light cast at the another aspect of the Dark Science.


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Kent Harker, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Kate Talbot, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the July, 1990 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1990 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 07.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
