{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T14:44:49Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 73831, "source_ctime_ns": 1790238646908960119, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-08.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790238645606077279, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-08.pdf", "source_sha256": "c9ad9e59c018777a2648929976f6b3a4affc4450e5858391da272748576e90ab"}

--------------------------------------------------------
  August 1990 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  --------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 9, No. 8
              Editor: Kent Harker


  BOLLING FOR FACTS
  by Wayne Bartz, Ph.D. and Richard Rason, Ed.D.

  [What follows is an analysis of astrological claims of the
  Sacramento area's hottest media psychic, Sherri Bolling. She has
  appeared on all three local network stations and is frequently
  quoted in print.

  This article first appeared in the "Psientific American",
  newsletter of the Sacramento Skeptics.]

  Sherri Bolling's astrological readings and "prosperity recipes"
  have been a staple of the "Noon News" of channel 13 (KOVR-TV,
  Sacramento). To test the accuracy of her claims to special psychic
  powers, we recorded her appearance on the 7 October 1988 show and
  extracted 15 statements -- four applicable to Libras, nine for
  other callers, and two for the spouses of callers. Then we deleted
  all references to specific signs. For example, the statement, "All
  Libras are kicking over old traces for a new image. . . ." became
  "You are kicking over old traces for a new image."

  These statements were then given to 232 Introductory Psychology
  students in American River College. They were told only that we
  were interested in their self-perception of their own life events,
  and they were asked to rate each of the statements for how well it
  fit their life, using a five-point scale, with "1" being "almost
  dead wrong" and "5" being an "almost perfect fit."

  Statistical test were then done to compare the scores from Libras
  (on the four items supposedly applying specifically to them) with
  scores from non-Libras. If Ms. Bolling's statements apply to Libras
  and not others, Libras should show higher agreement than people
  with other signs.

  Tests also compared females to males and single females with
  married females. Averages on each item were also determined, to
  show how well or poorly each item tended to fit the entire group --
  as a means of determining how universal or general each statement
  might be.

  RESULTS

  LIBRA ITEMS: Three of the four statements supposedly applying to
  Libras were rated by Libras more in the WRONG direction -- although


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  NONE OF THE FOUR WAS SIGNIFICANTLY DIFFERENT FROM NON-LIBRAS.
  Clearly, Ms. Bolling's statements specifically for Libras just
  didn't apply to them more than anyone else.

  SEX DIFFERENCES: Women showed a small but significantly higher
  agreement with all statements than did men (3.20 vs. 3.05 at the
  .01 level). This could be because most of Ms. Bollings's callers
  were female, or because females may be more prone than males to
  accept vague statements about themselves.

  SPECIFIC STATEMENTS: Only four of the fifteen statements had a mean
  overall rating below the middle of the scale. In other words, the
  statements are so general they apply to a large number of people
  asked if they "fit your life." This is the stock-in- trade of the
  cold reader: make a number of vague and general statements, then
  focus in on the "hits," knowing there will be a number of them, no
  matter who is getting the reading.

  The overall mean rating is 3.14, slightly above 50/50 toward "Good
  fit."

  Looking at specific items helps illustrate what types of statements
  people are more likely to see as applicable to their lives:

  => The most agreed-upon statement was 13: "You have a
    tendency to push yourself too much and/or you worry too
    much sometimes."

  Is there anyone on earth to whom this would not apply? Women rated
  notably higher than males on this one.

  => Number 11 was, "There are a lot of changes around your
    entire life right now, and you sort of have to ride over
    the top of it. You've got to have a lot of patience with
    the next two months. . . ."

  => The third highest (#3) and fifth highest items are both
    about finances, suggesting concern and possible change.

  Again, who is NOT concerned about money?

  => The fourth-rated statement, #10, says, "You are probably
    going to be having a move in the next 18 months to 2
    years, and it's an up-grading in your living situation."

  Not too hard to predict this; it would fit a lot of folks in the
  Sacramento area. The lowest items, still rated between "Poor" and
  "Fair," are the most specific or the most negative.

  => The bottom was #1: "In the mid-80s, your life was such a
    mess that nothing could happen now that could equal that
    period of time."

  This supposedly described Libras, but THEY RATED IT NO DIFFERENTLY

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  THAN DID NON-LIBRAS.
  => Next came another "Libra" item, suggesting domestic
    problems, followed by a specific statement of travel
    within six weeks. The other item rated lower than 50/50
    suggests changes in the work environment by next spring.
    These items (#s 2, 6, and 12) are either negative or
    fairly specific, making them less likely to be desirable
    or widely applicable.

  CONCLUSION

  Ms. Bolling's claim that she can tell something about individuals
  based upon their astrological sign -- in this case, Libra -- failed
  to be supported in this test. Results suggest that subjects:

  => Simply respond to general statements fitting virtually
    anyone;

  => Tend to accept the more positive or general statements;

  => Tend to reject statements that are more negative or
    specific.

  There is nothing found in this study that would validate any
  paranormal or clairvoyant powers -- but it does tend to support
  what we already know about human suggestibility.


  THE "LIFE THROUGH TIME" EXHIBIT
  by John Taube

  The California Academy of Science, in Golden Park, San Francisco,
  has put together a most authentic, stimulating display entitled
  "Life Through Time." It is a vivid explanation of evolution. Its
  sixty-plus exhibits span three billion years of life on Earth.

  Here are a few of its exhibits. Protoceratops, the horned dinosaur
  (a relative of Triceratops) who lived 80 million years ago, is
  depicted finding its way home to her clutch of eggs.

  There is a lively exhibit of an 8-inch-long cockroach. Another
  interesting exhibit is a millipede relative perfectly shaped for
  plowing through leaf litter while it munches club-moss.

  Among the beautiful exhibits is the "Age of Coal Forests." It
  existed 300 million years ago when giant insects, spiders and their
  relatives ruled. They lived in swampy forests that over time became
  coal. Without this energy source it is questionable if our
  technological age would be possible.

  These are just a few of what one may see. They give one the feeling
  of traveling back through a time warp.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  Bay Area Skeptics is fortunate to have Dr. Eugenie (Genie) Scott,
  whose expertise is biological anthropology, as one of its
  directors. Genie has consented to act as our personal guide on a
  tour through the "Life Through Time" exhibit. This will not only be
  stimulating for you, so you must bring your children or
  grandchildren. Don't forget a camera, either.

  The date is Saturday, September 22nd at 1:30 p.m. at the Academy,
  Golden Gate Park. Advance tickets reservations are $1.00 and
  children under 5 are free. John Taube will be the coordinator of
  this event, so please send your check for $1.00 per person, made
  out to Bay Area Skeptics. John's address is: 55 Chumasero Drive 7E,
  San Francisco, CA 94132. Phone John at (415) 334-3733 if you want
  more information.


  BROTHER AUSTIN MILES ADDRESSES BAY AREA SKEPTICS
  by Bob Steiner

  Brother Austin Miles addressed the June 1990 meeting of Bay Area
  Skeptics. Nattily dressed in a white suit, white shirt, and a
  bright blue tie, the reverend's matching bright blue silk
  handkerchief in his jacket pocket topped off the ensemble.

  Attended by tens of people, the turnout tested the limits of our
  meeting area in the El Cerrito Public Library. While we are at it,
  once more, much appreciation is hereby expressed to the El Cerrito
  Public Library, and especially to Grace MacNeill, for enormous
  cooperation with Bay Area Skeptics and for hosting our meetings
  over the years.

  "Brothers and Sisters," began Brother Miles. He told us about the
  righteousness of evangelists. This was followed by a statement of
  his own human worth, and his worthy goals. Then, guess what. He
  pitched for money.

  He protested the innocence of the televangelists. He assured us: "I
  only want to serve you. I have never swindled anybody. All I'm
  asking for is a chance."

  He told a story about a good sister of the church who, in the
  morning, kissed her husband goodbye at the front door. When the
  story continued with her kissing her lover good morning at the back
  door, a resounding "A-men, Brother!" was heard from the back of the
  meeting hall.

  Let us take it from the top. Austin Miles is author of the book
  "Don't Call Me Brother" (Prometheus Books, 1989. $19.95.). It tells
  of Austin's life in the Assemblies of God Church. It is exciting,
  and will rip at you. I highly recommend it.

  Back to the talk. Austin had been one of the top clowns in the
  circus world. He went on to become a world-famous ringmaster. Then

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  the church lured him into the world of the evangelists. He appeared
  on the Jim Bakker show, as well as elsewhere around the world.

  It was exciting to hear from a man who forthrightly and
  courageously admits that he was taken in by the evangelists. He had
  lived and breathed the world of lying in the name of God.

  We learn of the savage, avaricious ways of some of the high profile
  preachers -- and Miles names names! For example, he told us the
  following story:

  At an executive staff meeting at a leading university, a staff
  member collapsed with a heart attack. A well-known minister
  affiliated with the University, laid hands on him and prayed for
  his healing. Then, when healing seemed to be delayed, they called
  for an ambulance.

  Later the minister instructed his staff: "If that ever happens to
  me, you call the ambulance first. Then pray for me."

  The university was Oral Roberts University, and the minister was
  Oral Roberts. Austin Miles specifically confirmed this story -- for
  this article.

  We heard how Austin Miles had liked, admired, and trusted Jim and
  Tammy Faye Bakker . . . and then how he learned, to his enormous
  dismay, the truth.

  As a successful ringmaster, Austin Miles had accumulated fame and
  fortune. The church found those two attributes very appealing.
  After luring Austin into their ranks, they traded on the fame, and
  encouraged Austin to divest himself of the fortune . . . to be
  given to the worthy causes of the church, of course.

  With courage and wisdom, Austin Miles has managed to put all of
  this into perspective. Angry -- yes; bitter at life -- absolutely
  not. He is a nice, congenial man, who is able to retain a sense of
  humor in the face of having undergone adversity which would have
  done in a lesser person.

  Thank you, Austin Miles, for sharing your experiences with us.


  13 HAZARDS OF NEW AGE THINKING
  by Pat Kehoe

  Many people believe that the New Age is at worst an innocuous pest.
  Most of those same people have not ever thought things through.
  Consider:

  => It lays the public open to fraud and exploitation by
    failing to provide either the means or the encouragement
    to evaluate paranormal and pseudoscientific claims.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  => It disseminates misinformation, stating as facts events
    and phenomena that are unsupported or unsupportable.

  => It encourages the belief that intuition and subjective
    experience are more valid avenues of knowledge than
    public, specifiable, observable and repeatable ways of
    verifying experience and inference.

  => It encourages the belief in arbitrary and sometimes
    malevolent supernatural forces.

  => It reduces personal responsibility by attributing
    behavior to powers and influences beyond direct human
    experience and control.

  => It implies that knowledge can be gained without effort
    and that events can be predicted and controlled through
    powers that are supernaturally bestowed.

  => It rejects and even disparages critical thinking analysis
    and skepticism, which are fundamental to scientific and
    rational processes.

  => It encourages a belief in the equality of options,
    regardless of the evidence for them.

  => Lacking any system of checks and balances, it permits
    claims to be made without foundation, challenge or
    scrutiny.

  => It employs and therefore models explanatory devices
    (e.g., the hypothesis that cannot be refuted) that are
    counter-productive in the search for knowledge and
    understanding.

  => Some claims can be actively harmful, e.g., by encouraging
    physically or psychologically dangerous practices. Others
    can be passively harmful by discouraging an appropriate
    action, e.g., by rejecting conventional medical
    treatment.

  => Social policies may be developed on the basis of
    erroneous, pseudoscientific claims, Nazi racial theory
    being a classic example.

  => It has special appeal to the naive and vulnerable
    (adolescents, the poorly educated, or the emotionally
    troubled), who are taken in by the claims of exotic,
    mysterious and wonderful forces and powers, some of which
    can be acquired or used, and other of which are to
    feared, marveled at, or defended against.

  [Pat Kehoe is the director of the Mental Health Clinic in


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  Whitehorse, Yukon. Her article first appeared in the "Western New
  York Skeptics Newsletter".]


  IT'S GOTTA BE YOU
  by Prentiss Willson, M.D.

  On March 20th, KCBS talk show (not likely in innocence) did an
  expose, a Peeping Tom into the weird bedroom of astrology. A rare
  delight it was. As the debate ensued, I hear your question: "Who
  won?"

  Considering the cooperative competency of those program headlines,
  Art Finley, the talk show host, and BAS board member physicist
  Shawn Carlson, Ph.D., who indeed? Besides competency, unlike the
  hoodwinked astrology buffs, Art and Shawn had only to dispense
  truth. No need for the contrived, the scheming, or the parading of
  murky obfuscations.

  Believe me. It was a shoo-in.

  Art's introduction set a meaty tone. He compared Joan Quigley,
  newsworthy if nothing else (recall the Reagan administration's
  brouhaha), with Rasputin, the debauched, semi-literate mad monk
  whose astrological mumbo-jumbo mesmerized tsar Nicholas (mostly
  through tsarina Alexandria) into backing him and his pernicious
  ways. Result: in 19l6 down went Russia's last Tsar.

  Following Art's bewitching moment in introductory history, now
  enters Dr. Carlson, poised to contribute his long-into-fraud-
  exposing expertise. And he did it without recourse to heavy-going,
  esoteric physics. He was instead pledged to argue logically, in a
  lucid, laid-back manner that stressed facts, not emotions or
  frenzied polemics. One example: Shawn, replying to a fervidly
  pro-astrology call-in participant's questions simply said that
  innumerable times astrologers had tried for the $11,000 (local) or
  $100,000 (national) standing offer for anyone successful
  invalidating astrology as a science, but that not once had any
  succeeded. Never a pay-out.

  With these attributes working for them -- competency and truth --
  Finley and Carlson proceeded not merely to discredit astrology, not
  just to discombobulate it, but rather to dismember that trumped-up
  tarradiddle know as astrology. For the audience that night it
  translated as pure cat-purr-pleasuring captivation.

  For all? All except some doubting Thomas mutterings from the graves
  of two famous skeptics. Both scoffed at Art and Shawn even having
  a chance at persuading that audience. H. L. Mencken muttered that
  no one ever grew poor overestimating the stupidity of the American
  public.

  And Jacques Monod, the French biologist, once again asked when

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  would people ever realize that the true story of human origins is
  so incredibly more unbelievable or fanciful than any man-made-in-
  God's-image myth?

  But for once those two worthies were wrong. That night, those
  people were persuaded and will persuade others. Hopefully, more
  bordering skeptics will be persuaded to speak out for the cause.

  Whether they will or not, Shawn please oblige me. Stay close by, an
  emergency looms, one for which you particularly, will be needed.
  It's this: an AP press release recently flashed this headline, "Man
  Stabs Wife, Lightning Bolt Then Stabs Him."

  Count on it -- to all pie-in-the-sky pipers, all slime-mold
  evangelist healers and salvation sellers, that will mean sky
  balloons thundering out: "WE told you so. He sees all, watches over
  all, rules with thunder bolts."

  Shawn, it's true that yesterday's newspaper does wrap today's
  garbage, but only you can while wrapping, rebut this particular
  kind of garbage.

  So indulge us, as we now all clasp hands and sing out, Shawn "It's
  Gotta Be You."


  RAMPARTS

  [Ramparts is a regular feature of "BASIS", and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your local
  scene and send them to the EDITOR. If you want to add some comment
  with the submission, please do so.]

  The New Age has fostered a colony of cottage industry that fetches
  the furthest reaches of credulity in search of the Inner Self. From
  the august pages of the "Wall Street Journal", we learn how mantras
  and chakras are ceding to high-tech gizmos that go whizz and pop.

  The come-on never loses its luster, despite its time-worn failure:
  you get something for nothing. (The multi-billion dollar diet
  industry applies the formula very well, promising ways to "melt off
  the fat" while you eat anything you want.)

  Wouldn't it be nice to possess the facile pen of Shakespeare, or
  the gliding wit of Thoreau? Without any sweat in English Lit. 305?
  You can do it in the comfort of a chaise longue as you don your ski
  goggles and headphones. Through the headphones is piped static.
  Yes, STATIC. What the goggles are supposed to accomplish is not
  exactly clear, but they aid in "synchronizing your energies" with
  those of Mother Earth.

  One patron, 24-year-old Jerome Edwards, said after a brain massage,
  "I feel mentally relaxed but not mentally energized."

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  Well gollee, Jerry, ask Maryellen Visconti (owner of the "Mind
  Gym") for a refund. She will tell you that you cannot expect
  miracles on the first session. At $20 per half-hour, Einstein can
  only be about 400 bucks away. Mensa massages here are evidently as
  good as pectoral pulling in the weight room, according to those who
  have had their creative juices squeezed out.

  Naturally, some stick-in-the mud psychologists pooh-pooh this
  contraption with predictable prose: "I think you can get smarter
  through a little device called hard work," said Dr. Jim McGaugh, a
  brain researcher at UCD.

  Aarg! Perish the thought. Visconti has written several cook books,
  so she knows as much about brain function as any fool Ph.D. brain
  researcher.


  The redoubtable Stanton Friedman, UFOlogist extraordinaire, is
  never at a loss for ways to milk UFOdom. The author of many books
  and innumerable articles, Friedman has decided that the way of Jose
  Canseco (Jose made over $800,000 in three months on his 1-900 line)
  is the way of the future: He has teamed with Ryan Wood, a Menlo
  Park business partner in a 1-900 hotline to report UFO sightings.

  They want to build a data base, you see.

  If the popular press is correct, polls show that more than 50
  percent of us believe in UFOs. That translates into megabucks if
  only a small fraction of them were to call the hotline. It is
  difficult to imagine how any kind of quality database could be
  assembled by uncontrolled calls of the kind Friedman proposes.

  Friedman "denounced news professionals and doubting scientists like
  astronomer Carl Sagan as `noisy negativists' ["Peninsula Times
  Tribune", courtesy Jim Wheeler]. Stanton said that there will be
  information given out on the line: the "Cosmic Watergate" coverup
  of what the U.S. government knows about crashed UFOs.

  Friedman brushed aside the suspicion of a money-making scheme with
  a simple, "So what? Five percent of the American public thinks we
  haven't sent a man to the moon."

  As a side issue to Friedman's latest antics, UFOlogy itself is in
  the worst condition since its inception in the late 1940s.
  Membership has swelled in the major UFO groups around the country,
  but many -- too many -- of the new faces are simply loony tunes.
  This, coupled with some of the savage turf and inside fighting, has
  seriously damaged whatever credibility UFOlogy may have ever had.


  CSICOP IS COMING
  by Mark Hodes


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  The Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the
  Paranormal (CSICOP) has chosen Bay Area Skeptics to host the 1991
  conference. It will be held in the San Francisco Bay area in 1991.

  The preliminary indication from CSICOP is that the conference will
  occur the first weekend in May on the campus of UC Berkeley. BAS
  will provide liaison services for CSICOP including registration of
  attendees. "BASIS" will publish a registration form and the exact
  conference schedule when it becomes available. The "Skeptical
  Inquirer" also will publish the latest information. "SI" is issued
  quarterly, and available by subscription.

  The CSICOP Conference is a major event that generates considerable
  publicity for the work of the Committee. It is an opportunity for
  public discussion of skeptical issues with the distinguished
  scholars who present their work to the conference. Past conference
  speakers have included Nobel Laureate Murray Gell-Mann and Harvard
  biologist Stephen Jay Gould. The recent 1990 CSICOP Conference in
  Washington, D.C., featured keynote speaker Gerard Piel, chairman
  emeritus of "Scientific American" and past president of the
  American Association for the Advancement of Science.

  In past years the Conference has attracted 500-1000 participants.
  An undertaking of this magnitude requires much work, which can be
  supplied only by volunteers. To coordinate their efforts, Bay Area
  Skeptics has formed a steering committee chaired by Yves Barbero,
  vice-chair of BAS. The steering committee includes representatives
  from Berkeley Skeptics, the East Bay Skeptics Society, and
  Sacramento Skeptics. If you wish to help ensure the success of the
  1991 Conference, please telephone (415) LA TRUTH or send Yves a
  message on the BAS BBS: (415) 648-8944. We will need your help!


  COURTS VS. RELIGION
  by John Taube

  The subject of the "New York Times" article, April 24, 1990,
  "Supreme Court Sends Amish Dispute Back to State Court" is of
  interest because it illustrates the harm that can come by relying
  on fate when technology demands a more practical approach.

  BAS's position on religious matters is that religion is the private
  property of individuals, and the State must not interfere with ones
  right to believe as he/she chooses.

  However, if the result of religious belief infringes upon the
  community's welfare, then for it's benefit laws must be enacted to
  curtail those religious activities.

  The article discusses a law passed in Minnesota requiring all
  slow-moving vehicles on the highway to have reflecting triangles on
  the rear of the vehicle. The Amish, who eschew all the trappings of


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  modern society, travel by horse-drawn carriage. They refused to
  comply stating that obedience to civil law would be putting trust
  in man instead of God.

  While it is difficult to tolerate such thinking, unfortunately we
  have to contend with those whose religion distorts their judgment.

  The safety of Minnesota motorists may be in jeopardy by this group
  of people who refuse to obey the law. The "Times" article commented
  on the Supreme Court's decision which, unfortunately, did not rule
  on the matter, but sent it back to the Minnesota Supreme Court for
  reconsideration. The only reason one may surmise why no firm stand
  was taken is that the courts (and politicians more so) are loathe
  to place themselves in the position of what may appear as
  challenging religion.

  There is no more sacred cow than religion itself. Austin Miles's
  talk to Bay Area Skeptics emphasized that the judiciary is well
  aware of the fraud extant in the name of religion, but it feels its
  hands are tied.


  FAREWELL
  by Kent Harker

  It's been a great three years for me . . . and now it's time to
  move on. Editing our newsletter has been a wonderful privilege for
  me. It has put me right in the thick of things in BAS as they
  happen. That is exciting. I have always felt a deep sense of
  responsibility with this job -- we have such a select group of
  people in the readership. The weight of that responsibility has
  sometimes been troublesome: you out there can be an intimidating
  bunch of people because of your accomplishments and the confidence
  you have expressed in the organization. So, with all this, it is
  not without some conflicting emotions that I leave the position. I
  will miss having the continual contact with some of the marvelous
  people who are working very hard to have some influence in the Bay
  Area. The opportunity to rub shoulders with some of the very
  talented people in BAS is a thrilling one.

  Leaving a position like this, I suppose it is normal to turn
  nostalgic and reflect upon the highlights of the experience. Then
  one thinks of the special people and the help, insight and
  encouragement they have offered. Now it becomes difficult because
  when one pulls out the list of people one wants very much to thank
  one risks offense by omission. So I'll keep it short and probably
  slight many; I hope those omitted may therefore find comfort in the
  most excellent company.

  Thank you Bob Steiner. I can't say anything but a heartfelt "thank
  you" for everything.

  We all owe special gratitude to Bruce LaCentra, the president of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  LaCentra Graphics. Bruce has given his professional services for
  some of the most significant changes in layout and format of
  "BASIS". I have received complements from all over the country for
  our layout, and all the credit is due to our readers who send in
  their suggestions, Bruce being the most important single source.

  Now thanks to John Taube. John has been a human calendar, calling
  to alert me about events of importance to BAS. He has kept a
  constant pipeline of tapes (audio and video), newspaper and
  magazine articles, books and information for my perusal and
  consideration, never complaining about my judgment in using or
  discarding the material.

  Finally, thank you, the readers. There is nothing that can come of
  all this effort but for your interest, concern and support.

  Yves Barbero has not had enough to do, it seems, so he has been
  chosen to take over the editorship. He has (reluctantly) agreed to
  relinquish some of his other responsibilities to give him the time
  he will need to devote to the newsletter. We still don't know if he
  realizes that he is a mere mortal. Kate Talbot has been doing
  yeoman (yeowoman?) work with the newsletter distribution, and she
  will take the responsibility of Meeting Coordinator from Yves.

  Good luck, Yves.


  BAS PICNIC!

  The long-awaited BAS annual picnic is here! Start your annual
  three-day healing and purging fast on Wednesday, August 15, so
  you'll be ready for Saturday, August 18, the day of the Feast. Fast
  to feast, indeed. The hard-core fastbreaking will begin around noon
  on Saturday, so boogie in and binge.

  The shindig will be held at Greer Park on Amarillo Ave. in Palo
  Alto. Take the Oregon Xway west from 101. At the very first stop
  light (it comes quickly, so be ready) turn left (south); this is
  Old Bayshore Road. (Ben said he will have his truck out by the stop
  light with a sign for BAS.) Go about two blocks and you will see
  the park on your right.

  You will salivate to the succulent delights of chicken, seafood and
  beef entrees, veggies, salads, desserts and hors d'oeuvres. As if
  this were not enough, we are providing a few moments of
  entertainment and enlightenment for your pleasure: Bob Steiner will
  do a live demonstration of psychic surgery, without anesthesia (Bob
  usually takes gas before he does the stuff); Don Henvick,
  peripatetic troublemaker, will perform some of his best slight-of-
  hand routines; and astronomer Norm Sperling will give us a 10-
  minute recap of the Hubble Telescope project (he'll try to help us
  overcome our sense of discouragement).


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  If you don't send in your reservation today you are likely to
  forget, and when you realize slash your wrists, so mail your check
  for $5 per person ($2.50 for children under 12 and seniors). Make
  them payable to Ben Baumgartner, 2467 Betlo Ave., Mountain View
  94043.

  There is a great need for some help with this considerable effort.
  Ben and Carol have done everything in the past, and we can't have
  them do it again this year. Please don't assume they have enough
  hands. Call Ben or Carol to offer help or to make late reservations
  at (415) 968-1535.


  DOWN-UNDER DOWSING
  by Ian Bryce and Harry Edwards

  The dowsing tests by the Australian Skeptics (AS) began with the
  braggadocio of mayor Dan Gleeson: He boasted, in writing, that he
  could find "a dot on the back of a beer coaster, nominate the value
  of a coin eight weeks after it had been removed from its hiding
  place, decide the value of hidden banknotes," and, of course,
  "dowse minerals and water." He claimed he could dowse from an
  aircraft flying at 9,500 feet. He expressed "100% certainty" when
  asked to appraise his chances at winning the skeptic's $20,000
  challenge. He even urged spectators at the interview to back him
  with odds so that everyone would stand to make a fortune.

  The protocol for the test was relatively simple. The test site, in
  a city west of Sydney, was a field of natural grass over
  undisturbed soil -- a typical area in which diviners were
  accustomed to working. For the sake of simplicity and cost, it was
  decided that targets would be buried in rows and then covered by a
  strip of carpet 6x24 feet. Each row had five staked locations about
  4 feet apart at which holes would be dug for the targets. Diviners
  were offered a choice of objects: water (fresh or saline) in
  translucent plastic containers, gold ingots or coins, or an
  electric cable with or without current. The pre-dug holes were
  prepared for each object, and glass disks covered the holes to make
  a flat surface. Each row was separated by about 10 feet.

  THE CONCEALMENT

  AS constructed a cloth-covered portable wooden frame to conceal the
  placement of the targets. Two "concealers" would enter this "tent"
  and use a random number generator (a die in a bottle) to determine
  which location was to receive a target object. The carpet would be
  rolled over the location before moving the tent to the next
  position. When each location was prepared, the concealers left the
  area entirely so they could not even unconsciously cue someone. The
  dowsers were held under supervision away from the site while the
  samples were placed. To their credit, none tried to gain any
  advantage by peeking. Since no one involved in the test knew which
  holes contained something, the procedure was truly double blind.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  Both the organizers and the diviners agreed that the procedure for
  concealment was fair and equitable.

  Each of the nine entrants was to make two trials (rows) in which 9
  of 10 correct targets would result in a success. It was agreed
  beforehand that high scorers (70% plus) would be retested. AS
  decided that they would roll back the carpets as a dowser made each
  attempt for the advantage of an immediate reaction -- it would be
  good for television, with close-ups of the dowser's reactions to
  the results. All agreed that the testing would stop any time the
  results fell below 50%. The dowsers waiting for their turn at
  testing were kept out of the test area until their turn came, and
  those who had finished were not allowed to return to talk with
  those waiting.

  PRE-TEST CHECKOUT

  This was perhaps the most important phase of the test. Each diviner
  was asked to confirm that conditions "here today" were satisfactory
  and that there were no people, objects or conditions that might
  interfere with his abilities. Each was allowed to go over the test
  area with the carpet in place -- with targets absent -- to test for
  any kind of "interference," such as natural water, cables, or
  minerals. Eight gave a clear indication; one said there was a
  disturbance at a particular location and it was agreed that he
  would not be tested in that area. Only one diviner objected that
  the carpet blocked signals, so other fabric was used for that
  dowser.

  The case of mayor Gleeson was particularly interesting. He was to
  demonstrate how his rod worked during a pre-test session. (Gleeson
  was the one who objected to the carpet, so some curtain material
  was substituted to his satisfaction.) While he watched, the referee
  placed one of the 2-liter blue plastic bottles in a hole and
  covered it with the curtain. The committee had been openly filling
  bottles a few minutes before. Gleeson's forked stick violently
  jerked down when he placed it over the bottle. "Yes," he loudly
  proclaimed, "everything is working fine. My stick sees the water
  and I am happy to use these materials for the test." The bottle was
  placed in a hole which was then covered with a glass plate and the
  curtain material. The mayor's rod again worked just fine again, to
  his great pleasure.

  The bottle was in fact empty. But this was not revealed to Gleeson
  at that time.

  As another uncontrolled test of his powers, specifically to see if
  the Force would pass through paper, he was presented with a clear
  glass bottle with a paper label on it. The clear liquid was plainly
  visible, and, again, his fork quivered as he triumphantly
  demonstrated the water in the bottle.

  The bottle, in fact, contained two liters of pure (laboratory-
  tested) ethanol. Again, this was not revealed at the time.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  THE TESTING BEGINS

  The moment of truth arrives. The dowsers take their turns, going up
  and down the rows. As the carpet is rolled back, most of the pegged
  locations are empty that were called positive, or the positions
  declared empty were not. The reactions ranged from disappointment,
  through consternation, to utter disbelief. After the test some
  witchers went back over the exposed locations and found that their
  wands curiously worked properly when they could see what was in the
  holes.

  The highest rate of success was 4/10 (40%) for one dowser. Another
  scored 3/8 (37%), another 2/6 (33%), three scored 1/4 (25%), and
  three scored 0/4 (0%). The average of all the dowsers was 12/48
  (25%), just about the expected 1 out of 5 (20%). In other words,
  the group of diviners could have gotten together and just guessed
  at which holes contained something and done about as well. As a
  matter of interest, a newspaper reporter at the event was asked to
  make 48 guesses and he correctly identified 11/48 (23%).

  Although the sample is not large enough to draw hard statistical
  conclusions, this test, coupled with hundreds of others worldwide
  demonstrate that professional dowsers cannot perform any better
  than someone off the street can do throwing dice. It is easy to
  conclude that the force moving the dowsers' sticks is their own
  muscles and fanciful imaginations.

  EXCUSES, EXCUSES

  When the tests were all finished, the excuses began to pour in.
  There were now all kinds of distractions in the test area. The
  carpet was the worst villain. The excuse-of-the-day prize goes to
  the diviner who complained that the influence from one hole was
  traveling along the carpet to emerge at a different spot! Other
  diviners with similar excuses were given unofficial chances like
  the case above with the same results. When they didn't know where
  the object was they could not find it. Before the test the dowsers
  all signed statements that they had found no distractions, that the
  conditions were fair and impartial, and that they could perform to
  at least 80%.One diviner, to his credit, admitted that he would
  have to seriously reconsider his views on witching.

  A chap who claimed he could find gold (his test consisted in
  putting small gold ingots in assigned holes) got 0/4, and he could
  not understand why his powers had deserted him. He produced a piece
  of insulation tape with a minute piece of copper stuck to it. "Bury
  this anywhere you like," he said, waiving his arms in the direction
  of the open paddocks, "and I'll find it." When he was engaged in
  conversation the copper was secreted under a convenient pile of
  horse manure. The dowser was then called back to begin his search.

  To an astonished group he asked, "Where is it?"


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  "You're the dowser, you find it!" came the unwelcome response. He
  was obviously not overjoyed with the prospect of searching the
  surrounding 500 hectares, so he asked for a little narrower area.
  The area was cut down to a swath about 3x30 feet. He walked about
  three feet into the area and his whalebone wand twisted toward the
  ground. "There it is," he declared. It wasn't. It was a good 10
  feet away.

  The pre-test trials in which Gleeson had selected an empty bottle
  as full and a bottle of alcohol as water were then revealed to the
  consternation of all the dowsers. The concern AS had for a "crisis
  of confidence" and subsequent psychological damage the dowsers
  might suffer did not happen. They all left with their faith
  slightly tweaked but still intact. There is nothing that changed
  their perception of their own abilities.

  [This article, edited and adapted for "BASIS", was published in
  "The Skeptic", (volume 9, No. 4, 1989) newsletter of the Australian
  Skeptics.)


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Kent Harker, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Kate Talbot, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


  CALENDAR
  August Meeting
  BAS PICNIC
  by the Baumgartners

  Saturday, August 18th, noon - ?
  Greer Park

  Greer Park is in Palo Alto. Take 101 Bayshore to Palo Alto to the
  Oregon Expressway exit and get off going west. At the very first
  light turn left (south) to get to Old Bayshore Road (a frontage
  road). There should be a truck parked near the stoplight
  intersection pointing directions to the turn. The park is about two
  blocks down. It will be on your right; there should be ample
  parking.

  Watch for coming events in the BAS CALENDAR, or call 415-LA-TRUTH
  for up-to-the-minute details on events. If you have ideas about
  topics or speakers, leave a message on the hotline.

  WARNING: We STRONGLY URGE that you call the hotline shortly before
  attending any Calendar activity to see if there have been any
  changes.


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the August, 1990 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1990 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
