{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T18:53:51Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 75958, "source_ctime_ns": 1788559385980930486, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-09.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788559385978367748, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-09.pdf", "source_sha256": "0859f3de08f9a0c24a3bc4486fe132ba8a9869b5064b650e120ceae9dfcf20a8"}

-----------------------------------------------------------
  September 1987 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -----------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 6, No. 9
              Editor: Kent Harker


  [In March of this year, a civil trial in Hollister addressed
  questions of medical quackery and religious freedom in the case of
  a "Reverend" Andrews and his prescribed health regime. First, we
  have an article covering the background of this case by attorney
  Pressman, followed by an interview with an expert witness for the
  prosecution. -- Assoc. Ed.]

  INSTITUTE CLOSES AFTER INJUNCTION
  by David Pressman

  One of the more outre health regimes, for which miraculous cures
  have been claimed, has been the practice of fasting, either on
  juices or on water alone. Although many gurus in the health
  movement recommend and conduct fasts for therapeutic purposes,
  conventional medicine dismisses virtually all fasting, except for
  obesity, as worthless and dangerous. However, no scientific tests
  of therapeutic fasting have been made, so that, except for
  recognizing the dangers of medically unsupervised fasting and other
  extreme diets, the scientific literature is sorely deficient in
  this area and the medical community's opinion seems premature.

  One of the most extreme practitioners of fasting recently closed
  down after the State of California moved against him for practicing
  medicine without a license. The story of his ruin is most
  interesting.

  Arthur D. Andrews, Jr., 65, the self-styled first minister of "The
  Religious School of Natural Hygiene", a health institute in
  Hollister with religious overtones, was sued in late 1985 in the
  Superior Court for San Benito County by the California Board of
  Medical Quality Assurance. The BMQA sought an injunction to force
  Andrews and his 12-bed institute to cease his fasting treatment.

  The BMQA brought suit after several former patients of Andrews (he
  called them students) complained of injuries and the Board learned
  that six people had died as a result of extended fasts under
  Andrews's supervision. The water fasts were undertaken for as long
  as 8 weeks, plus as many more weeks to recover; prices ranging from
  $225 to $300 per week to cure various ailments, ranging from
  arthritis to ulcerative colitis were charged.

  Andrews opened his "school" in 1979 and advertised it on radio, in
  various health magazines (including his own), and by lectures in
  the Bay Area. He advocated a "natural hygiene" health regime, which


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  involved the usual measures (exercise, sunlight, fresh air, low
  stress, etc.) with several notable additions: the diet was mostly
  raw foods; vitamins, drugs, and medical treatments were excluded
  (except for emergencies), and extended fasts on distilled water
  only were prescribed in cases of disease. Andrews claimed that
  virtually all disease occurred because of the accumulation of
  toxins in the body and that during a fast with rest, a person's
  body shut down its normal activities (such as digestion), leaving
  it with enough free energy to do a thorough house-cleaning so that
  it could rid itself of the toxins. Each issue of his magazine
  featured a lengthy testimonial, written by Andrews, about a patient
  who was cured of one or more diseases by fasting and a natural
  hygiene diet. His facility was a converted farmhouse on a large
  walnut grove, just north of Hollister.

  Natural hygiene is a health movement that was started by Sylvester
  Graham, a minister and the inventor of the graham cracker, in the
  1800s. Graham's natural hygiene largely died out, but was revived
  in the early 1930s by a naturopath named Dr. Herbert M. Shelton,
  author of many books including the popular "Fasting Can Save Your
  Life". Natural hygiene recently gained nation-wide notoriety with
  the publication of a best-seller on natural hygiene, "Fit for
  Life", by the Diamonds. About 10 other natural hygiene institutes
  exist in the US and other countries; all of these are run by
  medically-trained people, such as chiropractors, MDs, or DOs, and
  they claim to have a high success rate, often in cases where
  conventional medicine has failed. Andrews' was the only one with
  religious overtones, and, because of the religion and Andrews' lack
  of any medical license, the American Natural Hygiene Association,
  based in Tampa, FL, considered him a pariah.

  Andrews has also been civilly sued by four former patients. Two
  of the suits are still pending and two were settled out of court.
  Also, the state is considering bringing criminal charges against
  him for two of the six deaths that occurred as a result of the
  fasts at his institute. (In 1970, Andrews was convicted of
  statutory rape for having sex with inmates of a county facility for
  delinquent girls that he was managing. He served six months in the
  county jail, and was then released on probation.) In addition, the
  San Benito County Welfare Department has charged that Andrews
  bilked an elderly client out of $60,000 and accused him of treating
  two minors with fasts, but no charges have been filed in these
  cases.

  At the trial, three former patients testified against Andrews,
  stating that Andrews claimed long fasts (at $225 to $300 per week)
  would cure their medical problems; that while on their fasts he
  gave them medical examinations, and that as a result of severe
  overfasting they suffered permanent physical, neurological, and
  psychological damage, including a phobia, strabismus, incontinence,
  chronic muscular pain, and non-ambulation. Also, several medical
  experts, including BAS board member Wallace Sampson, MD, a
  professor of medicine at Stanford, testified that fasting has no
  therapeutic merit; that by giving examinations and making contracts

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  to supervise fasts, Andrew was in fact practicing medicine, and
  that it is dangerous to fast without medical tests and supervision,
  and that one faster, Sara Roundtree, died as a result of the
  accumulation of excess hydrogen ions in her bloodstream brought
  about by autolysis (self-digestion) of bodily proteins.

  Andrews defended the suit on the basis of religious freedom and on
  the grounds that he wasn't practicing medicine and that the
  injuries that occurred were not his fault. Several former patients
  also testified for Andrews, stating that they fasted for religious,
  not therapeutic purposes, that their fasts cured them of various
  ailments, and that Andrews didn't do any true medical testing --
  he used the stethoscope and the sphygmomanometer only to reassure
  and comfort them. Also several Hollywood ministers testified that
  fasting has been a religious practice since ancient times. His
  attorney's brief included, in addition to the usual legal
  citations, numerous biblical citations, such as Luke 2:37. Andrews
  further garnered about 500 supporting declarations and $25,000 for
  trial expenses from followers who supported his practices,
  including director Peter Bogdanovich and his actress-sister Anna.
  His followers packed the courtroom during the trial and stated that
  the state's action infringed their religious freedom. The media
  widely covered and reported the trial; it was featured in
  newspapers and TV stations as far as Sacramento.

  The trial lasted about one week, although it was conducted in
  segments for a period of over a month. Immediately at the end of
  Andrew's defense, the judge granted the state's requested
  injunction, finding that Andrews did in fact practice medicine by
  counseling fasting, supervising fasts, and conducting physical
  examinations. The injunction forbade Andrews to supervise fasts or
  to conduct medical tests. Also Andrews was ordered to pay the state
  $6,000 for court and investigation costs; Andrews is appealing this
  monetary judgement. Despite the injunction, Andrews had intended
  to continue conducting fasts for "spiritual purposes". Under the
  injunction, he could have done this, functioning as a religious
  retreat, but the publicity evidently got to his landlord, who
  successfully sued to evict Andrews from the farmhouse. Andrews was
  last reported again selling cookware, together with used furniture,
  in the small Santa Cruz mountain town of Boulder Creek.


  [The following interview with BAS Advisor Wallace I. Sampson, M.D.,
  was conducted for "BASIS" by Mark Hodes. Dr. Sampson is a Clinical
  Associate Professor of Medicine at Stanford University and
  testified as an expert witness for the prosecution at the trial of
  Arthur Andrews.

  Hodes: What constitutes the practice of medicine?

  Sampson: There is a difference between the legal definition and
  what physicians define the practice of medicine to be.

  H: If someone is licensed to practice medicine, what is he licensed

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  to do?

  S: Diagnose and treat conditions of disease. The law lists a number
  of procedures. At Andrews's trial, the prosecution asked me that
  question, and when I started to quote the law, the opposing
  attorney objected. The judge sustained the objection. Apparently,
  and expert witness is not supposed to state what is in the law,
  only his opinion. So I just went ahead and said what my opinion
  was, and it became the standard of the court, because I was an
  expert witness for the state.

  H: Do you have to be compensated in order to practice medicine?

  S: That is implied. The law doesn't so state, but that is one of
  my criteria.

  H: So, if a parent applies a cold compress to his child's head, he
  is not practicing medicine without a license?

  S: Yes, but there is a limit to that. You can't make an incision
  in somebody, even for free. That is a violation of the law, unless
  it is done under some emergency circumstance. The definition of the
  practice of medicine is very broad under the law, but there are
  numerous exceptions. Exceptions are made for dentists, nurses,
  chiropractors, psychologists, and podiatrists. These all have their
  own law defining their fields of practice.

  The Brown administration Board of Medical Quality tried without
  success to redefine the practice of medicine by limiting it to
  inserting an instrument into any orifice, incision of the skin or
  any part of the body with a scalpel, and radiation therapy.
  Anything else would not be the practice of medicine.

  H: Even diagnosis?

  S: Right. Anybody could diagnose and give advice. Anybody could
  prescribe non-dangerous drugs (whatever those would be), and could
  diagnose a condition and treat it, except in those particular ways
  proscribed. This definition was far too narrow. The medical
  profession objected and the proposal didn't get through the
  legislature. The definition really is in flux, and there are a lot
  of fuzzy boundaries.

  H: What was Reverend Andrews doing that fell under the definition
  of practicing medicine?

  S: That is what we had to define in the court, because I don't
  think it had been adequately defined before. The point of the
  prosecuting attorney was that in the State of California, Andrews
  was practicing medicine by my definition. My sense of practice was
  that once Andrews counsels someone in a fast or starvation past 24
  hours and monitors the person, all of those actions constitute the
  practice of medicine. We didn't have to establish that each one
  separately constituted the practice of medicine, but that

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  collectively they did.

  Andrews took pulse, blood pressure, temperature, activity status,
  took a history, did all of those things almost every day, and made
  notes on a chart. He supervised the starvation by telling the
  person that he thought the person was ready to eat, not to eat,
  etc. And in so doing, Andrews was actually interposing himself as
  a biological advisor, you might say, in a very serious condition.
  That also, I thought, was the practice of medicine. Those two were
  the major points: Andrews monitored and advised, and he kept
  records, just as a doctor would.

  H: Of course, to support the charge of practicing medicine without
  a license, it isn't necessary to show the defendant to be
  practicing badly, only to be practicing. Is Andrews to be charged
  now with manslaughter?

  S: That is my understanding. I have had no contact with the
  district attorney since the civil trial.

  H: If a physician had done exactly the things that Andrews did, the
  chances are, I suppose, that charges of manslaughter might never
  be brought.

  S: They might not, but they might. This was far outside of the
  standard practice. I was asked that by the judge because the
  defense attorney did not want to bring it up. I replied that any
  physician who did this should be disciplined by the Board.

  H: What about the religious defense?

  S: That was the main contention of the defense: that this was a
  religious matter, not a medical matter. And that is what we spent
  two or three days trying to disprove by establishing that a fast
  is a medical condition. I took the position that a fast of any
  duration beyond 24 hours results in certain physiological changes
  that automatically make it a potentially dangerous situation, and
  that anyone assuming care or providing advice in respect to such
  a fast would in essence be practicing medicine on someone in a
  diseased state. I didn't use the word "disease". It was just a
  state of such physiological change that it was endangering the
  person's life.

  H: What physiological changes occur?

  S: There are a number. At about 24 hours, the body begins to burn
  protein as well as carbohydrates and fats. When you start to lose
  protein, you lose not just muscle, but enzymes and nerve tissue,
  a lot of tissue that is vital for functioning. Although you may not
  see changes that are immediately apparent, you can measure
  biological changes.

  H: Fasts are practiced by persons of many religious backgrounds.
  Are their religious counselors guilty of practicing medicine

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  without a license?

  S: At the trial, I was asked: "Suppose, Doctor, that a rabbi tells
  a person to fast for 24 hours on Yom Kippur. Does that constitute
  the practice of medicine?" I answered that it is traditional to
  fast on Yom Kippur, and that the rabbi doesn't order people to do
  anything. The fasting is a personal, religious matter and is not
  a matter of a transaction between those two people. I said that is
  true of all religious fasting. A person may fast for religious
  reasons, but my point was that if a person does it on his own, then
  there is no legal problem. The person may be declared temporarily
  insane if he puts his life in danger, just as in a suicide attempt.
  There are no real health reasons for undertaking such an extended
  fast. The problem in the trial was whether Andrews was monitoring
  a medical condition. The court bought our argument that he was.

  H: Can your interpretation of what constitutes medical practice be
  used as a precedent under the law?

  S: Only is there were an unsuccessful appeal by the defendant to
  a higher court. I think we would win an appeal, because the case
  is quite clear. There were two deaths and two or three cases of
  nerve damage that were substantiated by medical specialists.
  Andrews clearly did not know what he was doing. He didn't even give
  vitamins to prevent vitamin deficiency during these fasts, and his
  victims didn't have enough good sense to take them. Andrews
  promoted the illusion of competency by recording notes as if he
  were a doctor. Reading these things was like reading a medical
  chart, except, of course, they didn't make as much sense.

  H: The outcome of the trial was that the judge issued an order
  enjoining Andrews from practicing medicine, but not from fasting.
  It seemed a strange resolution to the case.

  S: Apparently, Andrews's followers are allowed to do what they are
  doing as long as Andrews doesn't practice medicine. What he was
  doing was the practice of medicine, so he is in the position of
  trying to figure out what the court order means. I would assume he
  would be in compliance if he doesn't tell people when to start and
  stop, if he doesn't take blood pressures and pulses, etc. If he
  just rents them a room, a place to fast, then his followers would
  have the responsibility of starving themselves to death.


  NEWTON'S OUT AND WRIGHT'S RIGHT
  by Shawn Carlson

  [Mr. Walter C. Wright, Jr., a 69-year-old "folk scientist" stirred
  up a fuss about his revolutionary theory he alleged was being
  suppressed by the scientific community. His letters to prominent
  scientists, NASA, and major research institutes were largely
  ignored, so Wright turned to several congressmen; these efforts
  finally reached the office of the Department of Education. SHAWN

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  CARLSON, a Ph.D. candidate in physics at U.C. Berkeley and BAS
  Board member, was then asked to make an investigation.

  Shawn is published in prestigious journals for his searching
  analyses of astrology claims, and has already established himself
  as a thorough researcher and investigator. The material here
  presented is a summary of his paper submitted to the Department of
  Education. The full text of Shawn's report is obtainable by writing
  to him at Bldg. 50, Rm. 348, Lawrence Berkeley Labs, Berkeley, CA
  94720. (Note at 10/12/89: Shawn is no longer at LBL, but can be
  reached through Bay Area Skeptics). Thanks to Shawn for the great
  work, and for sharing it with "BASIS" readers. -- Ed.]

  Mr. Wright's odyssey began in 1968 when his then-12-year-old son
  stated he did not believe Newton's theory of gravity, in part
  because if the moon pulls the oceans (tidal action), it should pull
  the water from the earth and carry it all the way to the moon.
  Since this didn't happen, Newton must be wrong. Mr. Wright agreed
  with his son, and together with him and another son he "sat down
  to probe the heavens with our knowledge of electronics, believing
  the universe was made up of atoms, which is the basis of electron
  theory." Although Wright obviously had little formal training, he
  advanced his ideas as "Push Gravity Theory". He established a
  museum described as "the only space-action universe museum ever
  built in the world", and began a crusade to overthrow Newton via
  news media and public lectures; he asks people to write their
  representatives and sign petitions. He demands that his theory be
  taught in the public schools as an alternative to Newton's theory.

  I corresponded with Mr. Wright to inform him of my visit under the
  auspices of the Dept. of Education, and received a packet of
  information about his theory and the museum. Wright's letterhead
  features a picture of Einstein with a caption "ALBERT EINSTEIN,
  RELATIVITY -- 1905". On the other side was his own picture with the
  explanation, "WALTER C. WRIGHT, PUSH GRAVITY -- 1968". Wright
  claims to have written over 3,000 papers and that "everything you
  will see [in his museum] is new in physics".

  According to Wright, gravity is a "push"; the consequence of the
  electromagnetic energy radiating from the sun pushing objects away.
  Further, the strength of gravitational repulsion depends on the
  chemistry of the body. For example, Pluto is the furthest planet
  because its chemical composition is such that the sun pushes harder
  on it than on any other planet. His theory explains why stars in
  two interpenetrating galaxies do not collide, how the big bang
  happened, and why the moons of Jupiter are cratered as they are,
  etc.

  Wright asserts gravity CANNOT be attraction, because everything in
  the universe would be "stuck together like a bunch of grapes, and
  Halley's comet would crash into the sun rather than orbiting."

  Apart from being able to quote Newton's three laws of motion,
  Wright has no demonstrable understanding of even the basic laws of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  mechanics; he does not understand the principle of conservation of
  angular momentum, which clearly explains why comets do not crash
  into the sun. Wright's model used a ferrous nut as the comet and
  a magnet glued to a cardboard surface as the sun -- the nut could
  never be made to circle the magnet. My attempt to explain the
  presence of frictional forces between the cardboard and the nut,
  thus invalidating his model, was considered irrelevant.

  One of his "new physics" demonstrations consisted of standing a
  heavy iron bolt on end, and then rapidly moving a very powerful
  horseshoe magnet toward it. Claiming the result was unexpected, he
  challenged me to predict what would happen to the bolt. (Most non-
  physicists would probably expect the bolt to be picked up by the
  magnet.) Much to Wright's surprise, I predicted that the bolt would
  fall over, which it did. He refused to deal with the fact that I
  was able to predict the outcome without his new physics, but
  recounted instances in which others guessed wrong.

  Other -- rather simple -- miracle properties Wright alleges:
  "Magnets produce twists and circles. Heat produces magnetism.
  Gravity depends upon chemistry." For the first claim, I showed the
  effect is well known, and described by equations with which he was
  unfamiliar. In the other two cases, he failed to produce any
  evidence or experiment to demonstrate his claim. None of this
  daunted him in the least.

  Wright's mathematics is from simple to non-existent. His equations
  bear striking resemblance to accepted theory when they are
  reasonably accurate, but they have little meaning in reality
  otherwise, with arbitrary constants and manufactured terminology.
  When he reminded me that particles of the solar wind are deflected
  from the earth (the push) rather than falling into the earth as
  Newton's theory would require, my explanation that those particles
  are charged and therefore deflected by interaction with the earth's
  magnetic field failed to move him. In short, no counter argument
  was even conceivable.

  He is confused about many facts. He believes that Einstein
  supported his idea that gravity is a push. "Einstein said that
  gravity comes at us from outer space, pushing us down to the
  earth." He is confusing the idea of a stationary gravitational
  field with Einstein's prediction of gravity waves. Wright confuses
  electromagnetic radiation with the solar wind, believing that
  photons have magnetic moments, and that the sun is anti-matter, and
  that faster-than-light travel is possible.

  In my opinion, Wright's convictions are unshakable. Despite being
  given counter argument after counter argument regarding his ideas,
  despite being informed about errors in his logic and basic facts,
  despite clear demonstrations that his "new effects" in physics are
  easily anticipated using well-established physics, Mr. Wright did
  not perceptibly back down one inch from any of his convictions.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  ANOTHER CAUSE FOR UFO SIGHTINGS
  by H. Keith Henson

  Most UFO sightings have origins in natural phenomena, or
  misidentification of man-made lights, such as the Woodbridge case
  reported in the Fall '86 "Skeptical Inquirer". But there are cases
  that are the result of deception. I know, because I was involved
  in three of them, and have personal knowledge of one more. Of the
  four cases, only one was ever exposed.

  My earliest experience was in 1959, when a group of my high-school
  friends and I hung a fluorescent light on thin wires over a street
  in Prescott, Arizona, and made it flicker with a Model T spark
  coil. We would turn it on at night when a car was only a hundred
  feet away, so the driver was hard put to see what it was before the
  car had passed under it. People would stop, back up, look again and
  again, and never figure out what they had seen, while we were up
  on someone's porch trying to keep from with bursting with laughter.

  It worked so well that we moved our activities to a highway outside
  of town. If our victims had their radios on, all the better,
  because close proximity to a spark coil makes a radio sound like
  crushing a mountain of cornflakes with a bulldozer. The number of
  locals who encountered our UFOs was at least in the dozens.
  Prescott's reputation as a UFO center may have some of its origins
  in our pranks.

  In 1960, I started engineering studies at the University of
  Arizona. A number of my friends from Prescott were also going to
  school there, and by next year, we had founded the Druid Student
  Center just north of the campus. The origin of "The Druids" and the
  story of the "Bandersnatch", an off-campus humor newspaper we
  published in the mid-to-late '60s are a story in themselves.

  Our UFO constructions, which peaked in 1962, were a relatively
  minor part of our activities, though they brought us a great deal
  of publicity.

  It took a long time to learn to build a really good UFO. We had
  been launching hydrogen-filled plastic dry-cleaning bags in
  Prescott since 1957. My old aluminum-and-lye hydrogen generator may
  still be in the basement of my parents' house. When we moved to
  Tucson, we found a place that sold us an unperforated, 2,000-foot
  roll of dry-cleaning plastic tubing. We discovered that while
  natural gas had only half the lift of helium, it had enough, and
  was available at the turn of a valve. We launched several long
  tubes in the daytime with rolls of toilet paper that made long
  streamers when a fuse released the paper.

  We lifted several radar corners with these balloons, but never got
  any feedback that anyone noticed them, so we quit. We also launched
  a number of sections of tubing with fuses and small packets of
  gunpowder to set them on fire. One of these (about 100 feet long)

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  got picked up by the news media when a large number of people
  reported it as a crashed plane. The Air Force "explanation" of
  "neon lights reflecting off low clouds" certainly didn't satisfy
  anyone who saw huge flames leaping in the sky. We did this only a
  few times because we never really felt good about dropping flaming
  plastic over the city, though it most likely went out before
  hitting the ground.

  The first one in the UFO series (all launched at night) we sent up
  with a battery and bulb. Knowing what we were looking at, we were
  able to track it in a car far across the city. But a flashlight
  bulb looks like a star from any distance away, and it wasn't easy
  to track. Next variation was a candle. The first one went out when
  it was launched. We then tried putting the candle near the bottom
  of a six-foot-long bag of clear plastic closed on the bottom to
  stop the draft. It worked OK, buy we had the same problem we did
  with the bulb; it looked like a star.

  Next we made up five-to-six-foot-long bags of light-colored crepe
  paper to diffuse the light. That made the light much more visible.
  Our most common version used eight one-inch candle stubs sitting
  on tin-can lids that were soldered to a stiff, four-foot wire. The
  straight wire was centered with thread in a ring of small, stiff
  wire that had a crepe paper bag folded over and stapled to it. The
  bags were made of two sheets of paper by folding three edges over
  twice and stapling, then turning the bag inside-out.

  We used a generous 10 feet of strong thread to hang these lanterns
  under two 40-foot pieces of plastic tubing. (No point in getting
  lighted candles too near all that gas!)

  They worked great. Our UFOs were visible for miles. The air flow
  in Tucson during the summer was usually toward the mountains, and
  they would fade out after about 10-15 minutes.

  Not all of them were a success. One got rained on and came down
  about 15 blocks away, but we managed to recover that one without
  getting caught, though a small dog had hysterics when it came down
  in his yard. (Dr. MacDonald of UFO fame saw that one and said it
  had come down somewhere between where he was and some mountains 20
  miles away.) We got to where we almost felt obliged to send one up
  at least twice a week, because so many people in the city were
  looking for them.

  We got caught trying to outdo ourselves. We built a two-lantern
  version and used three pieces of tubing that we tied in a triangle
  to lift it. This one really caused a stir, because it looked like
  a red UFO and a green one playing tag in the sky as it went up in
  a spiral. However, at the last minute, a light wind came up -- our
  UFO was sure to tangle in the power wires if we launched it from
  the back yard -- so we walked the whole works across a major street
  and let it go from a parking lot at the University of Arizona. Some
  high-school kids saw us, and couldn't resist the chance to solve
  the big mystery. They talked to the local reporters, and, the next

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  day, both the local reporters and Dr. MacDonald were beating on our
  door.

  I was temporarily out of school at the time, working as an engineer
  for a local TV station, when the story broke. There was an
  excitable middle-aged woman who did an early local news program at
  the station, who came bursting into the control area wanting to
  know why I didn't tell her as soon as the story broke so she could
  interview me on the news (which she proceeded to do). We wondered
  if we would get into trouble, but no one in a legal capacity ever
  said a thing about it. We put up a weak story about tracking local
  nighttime winds.

  While we were causing all the stories, the Tucson papers treated
  it straight. They reported that moving lights in the sky had been
  seen by a number of witnesses, but didn't take it any further. Dr.
  MacDonald treated it straight, too, and was only about an hour
  behind the reporter.

  Years later, I found out that a second cousin of mine had been
  launching similar UFOs over Albuquerque about the same time.

  The significant point is that of four different incidents, we
  jokers were only caught once. Had we been a little more cautious
  or gotten tired of causing the fuss, we never would have been
  caught.

  For me, the story has always been a handy way to deal with a UFO
  believer. When they ask me if I believe in UFOs, I say, "Of course.
  I used to build them."


  EDITOR'S CORNER

  Logic. Formal symbolic logic. What does it have to do with helping
  us discover the "truth"? The notions of parapsychology or
  pseudoscience in general often fail under the hot light of logic
  when it is turned on and focused.

  We use the terms "reason", "conclude", etc., so loosely in everyday
  conversation that when we employ them in a more formal sense, they
  are diluted by familiarity. That's one of the reasons it is
  necessary to clarify one's thinking when trying to reach some
  conclusion with the force of logical implication.

  The singular beauty of formal logic, in my opinion, is its power
  to analyze a group of statements devoid of their content. To learn
  that logic has little to do with content often comes as a surprise
  to those who have not had formal training. Logic is concerned with
  form.

  We are wont to think that there is something natural about formal
  reasoning, and this is a mistake; the familiar expression is

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  "common sense". Well, isn't logic common sense? In fact, no. Our
  common sense can be very misleading. (This same judgement error is
  made by those who believe that science is a field of knowledge in
  which anyone with a little common sense can find his or her way
  around just fine.)

  As an epistemological tool, I believe logic is without equal. It
  requires only nominal study, and it can be practiced with nothing
  more than a normally adept (not out-of-body) brain (a pencil and
  paper would be nice, too). It is based on a few, simple axioms for
  which one is hard-pressed to deny the truth (even though some do).
  The Law of Contradiction, which asserts that a statement and its
  negation cannot be simultaneously true is one of the axioms,
  written symbolically: "(P and ~P) is false", where "~" means "not".
  For example, the statement "This pen is all black and it is not all
  black" is clearly false. Notice that it makes no difference what
  the statement P stands for -- in that FORM it is an expression of
  the Law of Contradiction. This makes life easier, because
  statements are often filled with so much emotional baggage that one
  may be unable to see elements of the reasoning. Logic is cold and
  hard precisely because statements may be put in that symbolic form.
  The statement "God exists" can be dispassionately studied if we
  assign Q in its place.

  Scientific creationists violate the Law of Contradiction with their
  assertion that the universe must deteriorate by the 2nd Law of
  Thermodynamics, and the universe is not deteriorating because it
  is God's perfect creation. The familiar expression of the Law of
  Contradiction is you can't have your cake and eat it.

  The power of logic is multiplied in various ways; for example,
  there are many equivalent forms of a given statement, and each may
  present a different perspective to a question under consideration.
  One such parallel form is the so-called "contrapositive". Perhaps
  the raison d'etre of formal logic is the "implication" -- a
  statement in the form P => Q, read variously "If P is true, then
  Q is true", or "P implies Q", or "Q follows from P". Q is called
  the consequent of the premise P. This is formal reasoning:
  establish statement P, argue carefully and conclude Q.

  Now, the contrapositive of this statement is obtained by negating
  BOTH P and Q, and then switching their positions, i.e. P => Q is
  the same as ~Q => ~P. It is like a mirror, reflecting the statement
  from the other direction. Because it is analogous, the truth value
  of the contrapositive is identical to that of the original.

  Of all the errors in logic, misuse (intentional or from ignorance)
  and misunderstanding of the contrapositive are perhaps some of the
  most common, so there is something to be gained in understanding
  its proper application. The most likely error comes in confusing
  the contrapositive and the converse of a statement P => Q. The
  converse is Q => P, and it is NOT logically equivalent.

  Here's an example of how easily we are misled by confusing the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  contrapositive and the converse of a statement: Let P = "You study
  your logic lessons well" and Q = "You will receive an A on the
  exam", and now combine them into an implication, "If you study your
  logic lessons well, then you will receive an A on the exam", which
  is of the form P => Q.

  Suppose I meet you a few days later and you tell me you received
  an A on your paper. What may I conclude? Our common sense has
  probably misled us, for the majority will say, "Why, of course, you
  studied diligently." We have, if we erred in this way, treated the
  converse as equivalent to the contrapositive.

  In the above example, you may have an ill-gotten A by cheating. Or
  you may have just been lucky -- the implication only guarantees
  what will happen if you study hard. Because the converse is so
  seductive, I believe many propositions are presented in such a way
  as to invite the reader/hearer to make the converse error. Since
  a thesis presented in this manner has not explicitly tripped the
  inquirer, it is all the more insidious, because when the inquirer
  makes his/her own (false) conclusion, he/she is much more apt to
  hang on to it. Now look at the contrapositive of the statement: If
  you did NOT receive an A, you did not study hard. This is
  equivalent to the original, and the restatement in this form may
  increase our understanding of the statement so we are less likely
  to fall prey to the incorrect converse trap: If you receive an A,
  you studied hard. If the statements are put in symbolic form, we
  are not at all inclined to accept the converse as necessarily
  valid.

  So much for the ABCs of logic. Now, like most rational, objective
  things, it has its limitations. Logic cannot tell us if something
  is true. It can only tell us if an argument if valid, and validity
  and truth are not synonymous. The argument "If the moon is made of
  green cheese, then I'm a monkey's uncle" may be valid, but I cannot
  establish the absolute truth or falsity of my lineage by the
  argument. The truth of a conclusion stands or falls on the truth
  of the premise, if the argument is correct. But logic is not
  really concerned with those truth values; it's only regard is the
  validity of the argument. Therefore, one may not make the
  unwarranted conclusion that because an argument is false, the
  conclusion is false.

  For example, a demonstration that the "Five Ways of Aquinas" for
  proving the existence of God are all of them riddled with error
  does not mean that God does not exist -- only that His existence
  has not been established by the (il)logical presentation. Even if
  an argument is found to be accurate in every point, the truth or
  falsity of the conclusion is not forced until we know the truth or
  falsity of the premise.

  So, if one is about finding the truth (not validity) of a
  conclusion, logic shows us that the linchpin of a sequence of valid
  arguments is the premise. Airtight reasoning does not preclude
  falsity in our conclusion -- in fact, if the premise is false and

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  the reasoning ironclad, the falsity of the conclusion is
  GUARANTEED. [Note at 10/12/89: This statement is incorrect. See
  October 1987 "BASIS" for the correction.]

  If an argument is rigorous from beginning to end, we can place the
  same degree of certainty on the conclusion as we are able to
  determine about the premise; and if the string is found to be
  vitiated by the least flaw, one has not advanced any further than
  arrant nonsense, no matter how sophisticated the appearance of the
  statements. There are not really degrees of error -- error is
  measured qualitatively, not quantitatively. In other words, many
  propositions fail long before they need be tested by empirical
  methods.

  Now for the final exam. Let's check the validity of a cherished
  notion in parapsychology: "If there are statistical perturbations
  in a parapsychology experiment, psi is occurring." (Hint: look at
  the contrapositive, and note how the converse is tempting you.)
  Send in your papers for grading. (For new subscribers who may not
  be familiar with the term "psi", it is a catch-all used by
  parapsychologists to cover all psychic phenomena.) There are at
  least three logic flaws in the statement. Can you find them?


  RAMPARTS

  [Ramparts is a regular feature of "BASIS", and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your local
  scene and send them to the EDITOR. If you want to add some comment
  with the submission, please do so.]

  A reader sent an article from "Welcome to Planet Earth" a new age
  magazine for sensitives. The piece from the mag that caught our
  reader's eye is allegedly about things Mayan and some cosmic event
  that is to begin August 16. I read the article several times, and
  cannot come up with anything but question marks, but I'm not a
  sensitive. It was part of an interview with Dr. Jose Arguelles, a
  Ph.D. art historian from the U. of Chicago. [Note from 10/12/89:
  The "cosmic event" was the much-ballyhooed "Harmonic Convergence",
  which Arguelles invented in such passages as the one quoted below.]

  Since I can't make head or tails about what is happening, I give
  you a couple of paragraphs from Dr. Arguelles's book, with a few
  of my own cogent analyses in parentheses; put on your hip boots,
  the bowl shift is pretty deep.

  "The Mayan Great Circle is actually the description of a galactic
  beam (%^) measuring 5200 tun, or 5125 earth years in diameter
  (@#!). The earth entered such a beam on August 13, 3113 B.C., and
  will leave it in the year 2012 A.D. The charged Beam [sic] is to
  accelerate the evolving DNA ('+%&,) into a technology-extruding
  organism (~^#!*) that creates in effect a planetary exo-nervous
  system (&^* and |@#@). When the exo-nervous system is in place

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  acceleration becomes exponential (of course &@!%) and phases into
  synchronization. (What about #*@ and ~?)"

  This gaseous nonsense goes on for another 267 pages, and ONE
  paragraph is enough to get the idea. I urge all U. of C. grads to
  burn their alumni cards.

  Arguelles's nonsense has thankfully come under the scathing pen and
  brush of none other than Garry Trudeau in his "Doonesbury" strip.
  The sensitives promise that the world will come to an end but for
  their collective consciousness-raising on Sunday the 16th. "BASIS"
  will be in your hands after this event, and I predict that
  Arguelles and company will have saved us.


  BAS board member ANDREW FRAKNOI, Executive Officer of the
  Astronomical Society of the Pacific and former "S.F. Chronicle"
  columnist wrote to the editor of said paper about a lengthy piece
  they did on "Return of the UFO People". The one-sided article was
  "balanced" by a tiny box that mentioned the $11,000 BAS award with
  Don Henvick's name and the BAS hotline number.

  Andy points out that "This one-sided coverage is particularly
  ironic in view of the fact that the `Chronicle' boasts two of the
  best science reporters in the country."

  Fraknoi continues, "I know that it is fashionable among editors and
  reporters to dismiss the damage such stories can do by repeating
  the claim that no readers take such stories seriously, but, let me
  assure you, as someone who teaches both students and teachers, that
  today such a belief is no longer in touch with reality. Barraged
  by media coverage of pseudoscience, youngsters these days have very
  little skill in making skeptical judgements in these areas."


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Mark Hodes
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Yves Barbero
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Lawrence Jerome
  Michael McCarthy
  Diane Moser
  Ray Spangenburg


  BAS ADVISORS


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  Luis W. Alvarez, Ph.D., U.C. Berkeley
  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Lowell D. Streiker, Ph.D., Anthropology, Religion
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


  ERICH THE GREAT

  The incredible claims of Erich von Daniken ("Chariots of the
  Gods?") with be examined in some detail for the September meeting
  by James Wheeler.

  Jim has personally toured many of the sites von Daniken wrote
  about, including the Easter Islands (the enormous head monoliths).
  He has analyzed von Daniken's claims against the facts in those
  locales, and has some interesting comparisons with a special
  emphasis on the Easter Island monoliths for which he has completed
  some original research.

  Von Daniken's preposterous notions sold an enormous number of books
  in the '60s; he was largely unchallenged in print until some time
  later, and, as usual, the facts did not sell very well. After the
  initial ado, subsequent books by Erich did mediocre to poor.

  Come listen to this presentation. Maybe you'll see how far we have
  come?

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the September, 1987 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  Copyright (C) 1987 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
