{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T11:58:59Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 58566, "source_ctime_ns": 1790337298167769918, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-04.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790337298165464342, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-04.pdf", "source_sha256": "85a1bd17da26b2d449a3a65452431f9d5091ebde85da255942acf9ff8e73ca02"}

----------------------------------------------------------------
  April 1987 issue of "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ----------------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 6, No. 4
              Editor: Kent Harker


  CSICOP PRESS RELEASE: JAL UFO INCIDENT

  [The recent furor over the well-publicized UFO encounter of a JAL
  flight reached its zenith on the NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw.
  The story featured a "dramatization" of the incident with a
  cockpit-view of the alleged UFO. It looked like banks of stadium
  lights on either side of the front windows about 50 feet away! This
  from the pilot's description of two small UFO's and a larger one.
  I asked our own UFO expert and Chair of BAS, Robert Sheaffer, to
  check the celestial arrangement in the area of the occurrence at
  the time and date indicated by the pilot. The first paragraph is
  Robert's comment. -- Ed.]

  November 16, 1986, 4:48 P.M., 35,000 feet above Ft. Yukon, Alaska.
  The sun has sank to 13 1/2 degrees below the horizon, meaning that
  while many stars have become visible, the sky is not yet fully
  dark. Jupiter is an extremely brilliant object shining at magnitude
  -2.6 in the southeastern sky, and it is only about twelve degrees
  above the horizon. Mars is also visible about 20 degrees west of
  Jupiter, but it is much fainter, at magnitude - 0.1, and it is only
  seven degrees above the horizon.

  A brilliant planet such as Venus or Jupiter is by far most likely
  to be perceived as a "UFO" when it is within about 20 degrees of
  the horizon. Bright planets high in the sky are more readily
  overlooked by casual observers, and even if spotted appear to be
  "up high" where they belong. But when they are at lower angular
  elevations, people imagine them to be close to the ground, and
  scintillation effects due to the long light path through the
  atmosphere make them appear to flash and change colors. The Jimmy
  Carter UFO, the Incident at Exeter, and the Betty and Barney Hill
  UFO are but a few well-known examples of brilliant planets low in
  the sky being taken for a "UFO".

  Buffalo NY -- An investigation of the incident in which a UFO
  reportedly paced a Japan Airlines 747 en route to Anchorage,
  Alaska, for nearly forty minutes on November 18, 1986, reveals that
  at least one extraterrestrial object was involved: the planet
  Jupiter, and possibly another, Mars.

  The investigation was conducted by Philip J. Klass, an
  internationally recognized skeptical UFOlogist and chairman of
  CSICOP's UFO Subcommittee. His investigations have yielded prosaic
  explanations for many famous UFO cases during the past twenty


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  years.

  At the time the UFO incident began near Ft. Yukon, the JAL airliner
  was flying south in twilight conditions so that an extremely bright
  Jupiter (-2.6 magnitude) would have been visible on the plane's
  left-hand side, where he first reported seeing the UFO, according
  to Klass. Jupiter was only ten degrees above the horizon, making
  it appear to the pilot to be at roughly his own 35,000 ft.
  altitude. Mars, slightly lower on the horizon, was about twenty
  degrees to the right of Jupiter but not as bright.

  Although the very bright Jupiter and less bright Mars had to be
  visible to JAL Captain Kenjyu Terauchi, the pilot never once
  reported seeing either -- only a UFO that he described in his
  initial radio report to FAA controllers at Anchorage as being a
  "white and yellow" light.

  Many of the colorful details of the incident carried by the news
  media, largely based on the six-week-old recollections of the
  pilot, are contradicted by a transcript of radio messages from the
  pilot to the FAA controllers while the incident was in progress.

  For example, media accounts quoting the 747 pilot said that when
  he executed a 360 degree turn, the UFO had followed him around
  during the turn. But this claim is contrary to what the pilot told
  the controllers at the time. During the pilot's interviews, he
  "remembered" some details that did not actually occur, judging from
  his earlier reports, and he forgot several important events that
  would challenge his claim of being paced by an unknown craft.

  Another airliner, United Airlines Flight 69, heading north from
  Anchorage to Fairbanks, had agreed to deviate slightly from its
  course to allow FAA radar controllers to vector it to the vicinity
  of the JAL 747 to see if the United crew could spot the UFO. At
  approximately 4:48 pm. Terauchi reported that the UFO was about
  ten miles distant and to his far left -- in the direction of
  Jupiter. At roughly 4:50 pm, the United pilot reported he could
  now see JAL but a short time later said: "I don't see anybody
  around him." Shortly afterward, the JAL pilot reported that the
  UFO was "just ahead of United" which is where Jupiter would appear
  to be from Terauchi's location. The United pilot would not notice
  Jupiter because it was to his right, while his attention was
  focussed on JAL which was to his far left.

  At about this time, the pilot of a USAF C-130 transport in the area
  volunteered to be sent to the vicinity of the JAL airliner to see
  if he could see any object nearby. The C-130 crew readily spotted
  the JAL 747, but they too could see nothing in its vicinity.

  "This is not the first time that an experienced pilot has mistaken
  a bright celestial body for a UFO, nor will it be the last," Klass
  said. In one case in the early 1950s, investigated by the late Dr.
  J. Allen Hynek, a military pilot chased a UFO for more than thirty
  minutes and the UFO turned out to be the bright star Capella. In

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  this case, as with the recent Alaska incident, a radar operator
  reported briefly seeing an unknown blip on his radar screen.

  During World War II, B-29s on night bombing raids from the Mariana
  Islands to Japan reported being paced by a mysterious "ball of
  fire." Attempts to shoot down the object were unsuccessful. After
  much speculation as to what kind of secret Japanese weapon might
  be at work, the mysterious glowing object was identified as the
  planet Venus, which was particularly bright at the time.

  More than 25 percent of all UFOs reported to the Center for UFO
  Studies (created by Dr. Hynek in 1973) during a fifteen
  month period turned out upon investigation to be a star or bright
  planet. Some eyewitnesses in these cases reported that the
  celestial UFO "darted up and down," or "wiggled from side-to-side,"
  and a variety of shapes were described.

  In Captain Terauchi's account to the media some six weeks after the
  incident, he described seeing two small UFOs in addition to a large
  one. But the transcript reveals that the pilot only briefly
  reported seeing TWO lights and thereafter referred to only one
  light in his communications with FAA controllers.

  News accounts of the incident stressed that USAF radar had detected
  an unidentified object in the vicinity of the JAL 747's "blip" --
   which seemed to confirm the pilot's sighting. However, radar
  operating in mountainous areas, such as that where the UFO incident
  occurred, can receive false echoes when radar bouncing off an
  aircraft is reflected a second time off mountains and snow-covered
  terrain.

  When the pilot first reported the UFO, FAA controllers -- ever-
  concerned over the possibility of mid-air collision -- asked
  controllers in an Air Force Regional Operations Command Center to
  examine their displays for an unknown intruder. A radar operator
  spotted something, but was unsure whether it might be a spurious
  echo. However, the echo appeared only briefly and was BEHIND the
  747, whereas the pilot had reported that the UFO was in front or
  to the left of the aircraft. Later, as the JAL 747 approached
  Fairbanks International Airport -- even though the pilot was still
  reporting a UFO -- the radar controller at the airport found no
  unknown blips in the vicinity.

  On January 11, 1987, Captain Terauchi reported seeing another UFO
  while flying in approximately the same area of Alaska, but after
  an FAA spokesperson in Anchorage suggested that this UFO might be
  the lights from a distant village bouncing off clouds, the pilot
  acknowledged that this might be the case.

  "My suspicions that this UFO might be a bright celestial body were
  prompted by the fact that the pilot reported seeing the object for
  more than thirty minutes," Klass said. "Experience has shown that
  when a UFO remains visible for many minutes, it almost always
  proves to be a celestial object." Another clue, he said, was the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  fact that when the plane descended 4000 feet, the UFO appeared to
  stay at the plane's altitude. At Jupiter's great distance, an
  airplane's altitude change would produce no change in the planet's
  apparent altitude.

  Klass, who was a senior editor with "Aviation Week and Space
  Technology" for nearly 35 years, has been investigating famous UFO
  cases as a hobby for more than twenty years. His most recent book
  on the subject is "UFOs: The Public Deceived", (Prometheus Books,
  Buffalo N.Y.).


  EDITOR'S CORNER

  It has several names and many manifestations. Deja vu,
  synchronicity are a couple. The occurrence of some synchronous
  event can produce an eerie feeling as we try to sort out what has
  happened and find some causal connection.

  It is not an old wive's tale that old wives' tales die a hard
  death. (I suppose the term is a sexist explanation for notions that
  have been passed around for years until they acquire the enduring
  trait.) One such false notion is that we only use 10% of our brains
  when in fact more than 10% of our brain is functioning even when
  sleeping. It is perhaps a poor choice of terms to call the
  subconscious unconscious, for it is probably one area of the brain
  that is "conscious" (functioning) all the time.

  In any event, if we were fully aware of all the information being
  processed at a given time we would be unable to function, so
  complex is the maze of material going through our biocomputer. So
  the brain hardware and software is selective for what is displays
  on our consciousness. Perhaps 10% of the information is even an
  overestimate.

  With this in mind (tune up your consciousness) let's look at
  coincidence. We learn a spelling error we have made for our whole
  lives and wonder why we haven't seen it all these years when it
  literally jumps out of the page at us now that we are aware of it.
  We have been thinking about a high school friend and at the same
  time he/she phones. The list is long -- life is full of these
  occurrences. What, if anything, do they mean? Is there any control
  over them?

  Psychologist Carl Jung coined the term "synchronicity" so intrigued
  was he with coincidental phenomena. His writing indicates that he
  felt there must be some causal mechanism; this began with an
  experience which turned him on his head: "A certain M. Deschamps,
  when a boy in Orlean, was once given a piece of plum pudding in a
  Paris restaurant and asked if he could have a piece. It turned out,
  however, that the plum pudding was already ordered by M. de
  Fortgibu.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  Many years afterwards, M. Deschamps was invited to partake of a
  plum pudding as a special rarity. While he was eating it he
  remarked that the only thing lacking was M. de Fortgibu. At that
  moment the door opened and an old, old man in the last stages of
  disintegration walked in: M. de Fortgibu, who had got hold of the
  wrong address and burst in on the party by mistake."

  Assuming the story is true (tales of coincidence are often heavily
  embellished by design or by unconscious desire to make the mundane
  a little more remarkable), the first question usually asked is,
  "How can this be explained?" Some parapsychologists have postulated
  a "hidden force" that links otherwise unlikely events.
  Given the enormous number of things that happen in the course of
  our daily lives a certain amount of coincidence is to be expected
  just by the Laws of Averages: play roulette long enough and you
  are certain to have a run in which you do nothing but win on every
  bet. Still, the really bizarre events plague us.

  Jung worked closely with physicist Wolfgang Pauli (discoverer of
  the "exclusion principle" of quantum mechanics) when he (Jung)
  wrote, "It is only the ingrained belief in the sovereign power of
  causality that creates intellectual difficulties and makes it
  appear unthinkable that causeless events exist or could ever
  occur." QM was the basis for this thinking -- a type of "quantum
  weirdness" -- In which causeless and unpredictable transitions of
  matter from one quantum state to another were postulated.

  Einstein proposed the thought experiment known today as the EPR
  Paradox to try to show that QM theory was incomplete at least or
  totally wrong at most; thus began the search for "hidden variables"
  to explain some of the quantum strangeness. Alas, some
  parapsychologists and laypersons have take Bell's inequality, the
  EPR Paradox and come up with a "theory" of synchronicity.

  But this is only our psychological excuse for insisting that
  unusual events cannot occur but by some design. If we had recall
  like a tape recorder the vast majority of deja vu would be exactly
  that: already seen, and we would remember where and when. For the
  "residual effect," those small number of cases which are truly
  anomalous, it is perfectly sane to ascribe them to nothing more
  than anomalous cases.


  RAMPARTS

  [Ramparts is a regular feature of BASIS, and your participation is
  urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your local
  scene and send them to the EDITOR. If you want to make some comment
  with the submission, please do so.]

  Well here we are at the end of March and there is not much from O.
  Roberts' camp. Since he didn't make a personal call to
  headquarters, may we safely assume his coffers were in receipt of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  the requisite funds? Heaven only knows. From the Associated Press
  a reporter from the Dallas Morning News announced that he had a
  tape in which Roberts was under orders to collect $8 mil by
  DECEMBER 31, 1986 or be looking at eternity.

  Some quotes from Roberts' voice on the tape: "Oral Roberts' life
  is on the line. God has spoken to me twice, Jan. 26 and May 6. He
  told me...I'm going to be gone before this year is out.... I know
  it as much as I'm standing here."

  Why he mentioned May in the past tense when he was speaking in
  March isn't clear, but it must not matter much. His spokeswoman,
  Jan Dargatz gave some "explanation" why Roberts is still among us
  and why his announcements don't make much sense, but her explaining
  is more confusing than Roberts' rambling.

  DIANE MOSER (BASIS former co-editor) sends along the San Mateo
  County Office of Education's announcement of their spring class
  offerings. Irrationality is alive and well in S. M. Among classes
  on math, landslides, writing, music, and technology is one called
  "Healing Is An Inner Process."

  As BASIS goes to press, regrettably you will have missed the
  opportunity to "...discover how to sense and manipulate ENERGY
  FIELDS, and share the experience of healing touch." (emphasis
  added) because the last session of the course ended on March 25.
  But you can call the Community Education Office at (415) 574-6563
  and ask if anyone knows what an "energy field" is. The class was
  held at the Nueva Learning Center in Hillsborough by one Terry
  Attwood, CHT. For that matter, ask what a CHT is while you're at
  it.

  The two following items are not really "paranormal," but they are
  beyond the pale. The AP wire service picked up the story from the
  awards ceremony of the Committee on Doublespeak, a precocious
  offspring of the National Council of Teachers of English. The
  distinguished third place was awarded to the Department of Defense
  for calling temporary coffins "aluminum transfer cases," a hammer
  a "manually powered fastener-driving impact device" and a steel
  nut a "hexiform rotatable surface compression unit." It's hard to
  imagine anything beat that for first and second place.

  Second bit was from a TV news broadcast in which the reporter,
  absolutely straight-faced, announced that, "The medical community
  is concerned that the occurrence of ovarian cancer was abnormally
  higher than in women who had had their ovaries removed." Headaches,
  I would wager, are more frequent in those who have not been
  decapitated, too. Is the country in trouble?

  WILLY WERBY of San Francisco sends us a picture of "psychic" healer
  Elissa Heyman. This lady has perhaps learned something from the
  psychic map dowsers: do your stuff in the comfort of home.
  Evidently Ms. Heyman conducts much of her healing over the phone.
  She places a bowl of fresh water near the phone "to collect the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  energy transmitted from clients." Then again, maybe the fresh water
  collects the diseases from her clients, in which case it should be
  disposed of in safe toxic chemical containers.


  CRYSTAL POWER
  by Lawrence E. Jerome

  [I asked Lawrence to research and write an article about "crystal
  power" after receiving no less than five news articles about the
  subject from BASIS readers. Lawrence is a BAS board member and
  advisor to CSICOP; a materials engineer and science writer, he is
  eminently qualified. Thank you, Larry. -- Ed.]

  Would you like to increase your psychic abilities, improve your
  powers of astral projection, be able to heal what ails you or your
  loved ones? Or are you interested in making your astrological
  talismans more powerful and effective, or perhaps just extending
  the range of your prayers and good thoughts? All this is possible,
  and more -- much more -- if we are to believe the proponents of
  "crystal power," or crystal "work" as it's known to aficionados.

  Crystals have long been associated with the psychic arts -- it's
  a rare Psychic Fair that doesn't include a booth or two selling
  expensive crystals and crystal jewelry -- but recently, crystals
  and "crystal power" have been getting more press. In the last few
  years, prices for quartz crystals have quadrupled, yet the demand
  has remained so high that suppliers are hard pressed to keep up.
  Why? What is it about crystals -- particularly quartz, the most
  common mineral on earth -- that make them so valuable to mystics,
  astrologers and psychic healers?

  When I agreed to tackle this article, I thought my two degrees in
  Materials Science, which included a fair amount of study about
  crystals and crystallography, would be sufficient to understand
  what all this "crystal power" fuss was about. Little did I know
  that the subject would require all my years' accumulation of
  knowledge concerning ancient magic, shamanism, Yoga, astrology,
  psychic healing and the paranormal!

  The key to understanding "crystal power" lies not in understanding
  the physical or electrical properties of the crystals themselves,
  but rather in understanding the terminology and thought processes
  of those who promote the arcane practice of "working" with
  crystals. The energies and "power" they claim to use and capture
  in crystals have nothing to do with the everyday electromagnetic,
  chemical or other energies we ordinary humans are familiar with.
  The energies associated with "crystal power" lie on a higher astral
  plane, and only those "in tune" with the astral plane can use and
  feel the "energies of crystal power."

  In short, we who would like to get hold of something solid,
  something demonstrable we can test and use, are sadly at sea when

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  it comes to "crystal power." Proponents' claims are so far-
  reaching, so broad in scope, and so interconnected with all the
  other mystic arts, that it's hard to find a single claim that a
  good honest skeptic would consider testable.

  For instance, consider the claim that an object placed beneath a
  "properly charged" crystal will itself become charged with
  "energy." What kind of "energy"? Can we measure it? Can we see some
  observable change in the object, or can we test to see if the
  object has now become more useful? If this sounds a lot like
  "pyramid power," you're right. Remember the claims that placing a
  razor blade beneath a pyramid would keep it sharper? Yet, all
  objective tests found no difference between ordinary blades and
  "pyramid blades." A truly sharp and long-lasting blade was wrought
  by metallurgical science with the introduction of the stainless
  steel blade, not by "pyramid power"!

  Today, "pyramid power" is out of fashion, and "crystal power" is
  in, yet, both have a very long history. In a surprisingly clear
  and objective article, "Fate" magazine recently ran a piece by Ron
  Bodoh, "Quartz: Gem of Legend" (May, 1986, pp. 78-81), which
  outlines the long and colorful history of quartz crystals. Not
  surprisingly, crystals "were prized by the ancients as powerful
  gems endowed with unique healing and visionary properties." The
  ancients considered quartz to be a form of ice, congealed to super
  hardness by intense cold. The Greeks used the word, ice, to refer
  to quartz, and the word crystal comes from the Greek term,
  "crystallos", for clear ice.

  The Greeks utilized the physical property of quartz to refract
  light as a magnifying lens to focus sunlight to start ritual fires
  and, according to Pliny, to cauterize wounds. The "Fate" article
  suggests the Egyptian pyramids were once capped by quartz, and
  notes that many ancient civilizations mined and used quartz for
  both artistic and utilitarian purposes. American Indians seemed to
  have come closest to modern "crystal power," placing quartz
  crystals on their eyelids to enhance the clarity of dreams and
  visions. Of course, the familiar crystal ball appeared early on
  the world scene, found in cultures ranging from Aztecs to
  Babylonians to Persian and Chinese.

  "Crystal power," in fact, IS closely allied to crystal gazing,
  crying. Crystal gazers claim to actually see visions and pictures
  within crystal and even glass balls. First, they "see" a clouding
  within the ball, then an image will appear or change. Of course,
  staring fixedly at a single point will usually produce some sort
  of visual pattern; add desire, autosuggestion and/or unconscious
  projection, and it's not hard to understand how crystal gazers can
  soon "see" an image of some sort, just as automatic writers soon
  learn to produce legible, readable script.

  Real quartz crystal balls, which may range in size from 2-1/2
  inches to the world's largest at 12-3/4 inches, are prized by
  crystal gazers for their blue or purplish color, and especially

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  for milky or cloudy inclusions (which are easier to focus on).

  Like crystal gazing, "crystal power" involves focusing on crystals
  but, instead of focusing visual images, the crystal "worker"
  focuses "energies": thoughts, prayers, magical symbolism, healing
  "powers," Yoga practices, astrological talismans -- or any other
  mystic art or arcane practice that appeals to the crystal "worker."

  Uma Silbey's nicely written and illustrated book, "The Complete
  Crystal Guidebook" (U-Read Publications, San Francisco, 1986. p.1),
  sets forth these basic tenets of "crystal power": "Do you want to
  do healings? Do you want to empower your meditations, your
  affirmations, and/or your thoughts? You can energize the body and
  balance its energies. You can develop many psychic abilities,
  including clairvoyance, clairaudience and traveling on astral and
  mental planes. You can use the crystals to change many unwanted
  circumstances in your life and create new ones... You can meet
  guides and beings from different dimensions and uncover ESP
  abilities."

  Such modest claims. Why not add creating world peace, eliminating
  poverty and hunger, and just for kicks, cleaning up the
  environment? In fact, one crystal advocate was quoted by the "New
  York Times", "New York would be a more peaceful place if everyone
  wore a clear quartz crystal over the solar plexus." No doubt New
  York WOULD be a more peaceful place if everyone walked around
  wearing a crystal and thinking "peace." Tell that to a mugger.

  Serious "crystal work" involves much more than just staring at a
  lump of clear rock or sleeping with pillows filled with magic
  stones. First, you must learn how to "center" yourself, a Yoga-like
  exercise described by Uma as "that state of being in which you are
  just yourself. Rather than judging yourself to be this or that,
  what or who, there is just a feeling of being here now.... When you
  are centered, it is a feeling of being collected into your center
  rather than being scattered." (ibid., p.14)

  Next, you must "ground" yourself, permitting "the flow of energy
  from the earth to move through the soles of your feet and up
  through your body. This can then be joined with energy flowing from
  the sky, through the top of your head and down through your body.
  The coupling of energy from the 'heavens' and the 'earth' creates
  the proper balance to do crystal work." (ibid., p.15)

  Once you are "centered" and "grounded," the crystal must be
  "cleared" by burying it in the earth (don't let the dog out!),
  submerging it in salt or spring water, or simply by "thinking" it
  clear. How do you know if a crystal is "clear"? Simple: it just
  looks clearer to you!

  Finally, you are ready to "program" your crystal, "locking in" your
  intentions (prayers, thoughts, or magical "energies.") After
  centering yourself while holding the crystal, "inhale and
  forcefully exhale through your mouth... as if you are blowing your

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  intention into the crystal. Continue this process until you feel
  satisfied that you have completely filled the crystal with your
  intention." (ibid., p.20)

  Wouldn't it be nice if programming a computer were that easy --just
  "blowing" a program into the computer! Unfortunately, at least to
  hard boiled skeptics, the real world is not that simple. Hard work
  and adherence to the physical "rules" of the universe are still
  required to program a computer -- or to accomplish any other
  projects, from cleaning the house to passing a bill through
  Congress. "Crystal power" appears to be just so much wishful
  thinking. While some of the associated Yoga exercises might well
  help one become more relaxed, I'm afraid any further crystal "work"
  leads the practitioner into self delusion and alienation from the
  real world.

  For the most part, "crystal power" is probably harmless enough --
   after all, one knows the crystal workers cannot actually DO
  anything in the real world (except sell crystal jewelry for
  outrageous prices) -- but I do question the psychological effects
  such self delusion can have on mental states and stability,
  especially for those already a bit unbalanced and grasping at
  magical straws in order to have some impact on this complex world
  of ours.

  Walt Disney's recent Sunday night movie, "The Young Houdini," is
  a case in point: teenage Houdini teleports himself out of a falling
  box with the help of "crystal power" provided by the mysterious
  mute Indian, Gray Wolf, and even the adult Houdini is portrayed as
  using the magic crystal to escape from his famous Chinese Water
  Torture Chamber. This portrayal does the real Houdini a great
  disservice; Houdini studied hard, worked hard, and practiced hard
  to physically master his many feats of daring escape. No magic, no
  mysticism, and certainly no "crystal power" was involved.


  FROM THE CHAIR
  by Robert Sheaffer

  Congratulations once again to our dauntless editor Kent, who
  weathered yet another crisis so smoothly that most of you probably
  didn't even notice! Our volunteer effort was breaking down under
  the laborious, old-fashioned process of coding, typesetting, and
  paste-up for this newsletter. Kent fearlessly set out on the
  seldom-trod path of IBM PC-based desktop publishing, evaluated the
  available packages, picked out the best one, arranged to get it
  delivered to us, got his system configured for it, FIGURED OUT HOW
  TO USE THE DARN THING (no small task!!), found a shop that could
  do the laser printing, turned out an excellent-looking March issue,
  all this without skipping a beat. Way to go, Kent!

  From here on, BASIS will be "desktop published," clearly the wave
  of the future for small organizations such as BAS. The software

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  package was expensive, but we'll soon make back the cost in what
  we had been spending on typesetting. Most importantly, the number
  of hours spent in production will go down dramatically, AND we can
  still deliver a quality, professional-appearing newsletter to you.

  Bay Area Skeptics in the news: We really don't toot our own horn
  loudly enough. Some of you may not realize the impact that this
  small group is having. Last month we gave you some of the "psychic
  predictions" from our year-end press release, reviewing the
  dismally bad predictions made twelve months earlier. We gave a
  number of press interviews about that.

  I was on Channel 5's 6:00 news on New Year's Eve, reviewing some
  of the predictions. They chose to concentrate on Barbara Mousalam's
  predictions, and even went to her house to interview her. They read
  back to her some of her predictions for the year just past, asking
  her why she did so poorly! Later that evening, I was interviewed
  by Lee Rogers on KGO Radio, who always enjoys a good laugh. Yves
  Barbero appeared on Channel 7 news New Years' Day, and made some
  very good points. Bob Steiner and Larry Loebig also did a number
  of radio interviews.

  Another symptom of our morbidly excessive modesty: more than a year
  has gone by, and I still don't think that we've told you about the
  long (and funny) article on the Bay Area Skeptics in the "Berkeley
  Monthly" of February, 1986, by B. Alvarez. "You're at a cocktail
  party. Everyone's talking about computer auras, spiritual weight-
  loss and custody settlement through witchcraft. You begin to sense
  that right here, right now, you're present at the decline of
  Western Civilization. Who You Gonna Call? FAITHBUSTERS!" The first
  page has a drawing of Bob Steiner holding a fly swatter, trying to
  swat astrological symbols as they fly by.

  Other echoes of BAS activities: The February issue of "Popular
  Communications" magazine, read by shortwave radio, ham radio, and
  scanner radio enthusiasts, reprinted portions of Mr. Amazing
  Randi's article about Peter Popoff from "Free Inquiry" magazine,
  titled "Heavenly Contacts on 39.17 MHz?" The readers of that
  magazine were no doubt most interested to learn about the creative
  uses which Popoff found for his miniature scanner! Mention was made
  of the Bay Area Skeptics, as well as of the contributions of Don
  Henvick, Bob Steiner, and Alex Jason.

  Reverend Michelina Russo is an aging Spiritualist who has succeeded
  in convincing many people, including "Examiner" columnist Bill
  Mandel, that she gets help from the Beyond when she reads messages
  that have been sealed up in envelopes. When I observed her act in
  1982, she was deftly opening one edge of the envelope, and stealing
  a peek at the paper inside. (See "Best of BASIS," 1982-83, page
  19-21). I even have some of the sliced-up envelopes to prove it.

  She moved from Santa Clara to Santa Rosa, then somewhere after
  that, and we lost track of her for a while. Well, she's back in the
  South Bay. The "Cosmic Church of Life & Spiritual Science," a

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  "Christian Spiritualist Church," has been set up at 1035 Emory St.,
  San Jose, in the Oddfellows Temple. She's advertising in the Los
  Gatos paper; perhaps she figures that a community of the well-
  heeled must contain many prepared to part with hefty sums for
  Spiritual Enlightenment. Save your money, folks -- anyone with a
  letter opener can do that trick.

  Speaking of noted ecclesiastics, Channel 5's favorite "psychic,"
  Sylvia Brown, whose 1986 "predictions" included "Dynasty" being
  cancelled and the Pope getting pneumonia, has apparently left
  Nirvanah (the Foundation, that is) in Saratoga. Now she has the
  "Church of Novus Spiritus," a "Scottish Rite Temple," at 2455
  Masonic Drive, San Jose. She has advertised in the Los Gatos paper,
  too! Hmmmmmm.

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the April, 1987 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1987 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
