{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T04:05:36Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 71319, "source_ctime_ns": 1790395508855484993, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-01.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790395508853153003, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "8bb2e961a62302bf68837fd9c6e5c2029dea44c2eb29da6de733bc42aad0f98d"}

---------------------------------------------------------
  January 1990 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ---------------------------------------------------------
          Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                 Vol. 9, No. 1
               Editor: Kent Harker


  "I predicted last year before New Years on KGO radio and TV [San
  Francisco] and KCBS that there would be a 5.2 earthquake this year
  with some aftershocks, but that I didn't see a major 7-pointer
  destroying the Bay Area." -- Terri Brill, Psychic Astrologer, "San
  Francisco Chronicle", October 14, 1989 [three days before the
  earthquake].)


  COSMIC CATASTROPHES
  by Rick Moen

  [This article is our November meeting review of astronomer David
  Morrison's talk. Dr. Morrison, a CSICOP Fellow, is a planetary
  scientist and head of the Space Science Division at NASA's Ames
  Research Center.]

  Dr. Morrison spoke on "catastrophism", the school of thought that
  has revolutionized astronomy in the past few years and stirred
  debate among biologists as well. In the course of his talk, he
  also expounded on the "quack catastrophisms" of Immanuel Velikovsky
  and the creationists, by way of contrast. Within mainstream
  planetary science, there are two basic approaches to explain the
  geological and biological record: Uniformitarians hold that the
  land and lifeforms of Earth were produced by continuous activity
  over very long time spans, producing gradual, cumulative changes.
  This was the traditional view, which prevailed over the past 150
  years, until recently.

  The dissenting "catastrophists" have suggested that periodic
  intense bursts of geological activity have produced the bulk of
  this change, through such means as meteor strikes, or cataclysmic
  floods and volcanic explosions. Recent developments in astronomy
  and geology have lent their position powerful support.

  Morrison felt that the influence of catastrophism may have been
  somewhat delayed because of the affair of Immanuel Velikovsky,
  whose theories bear at least a surface resemblance, and was at some
  pains to point out the difference. Velikovsky published in 1950 a
  work called "Worlds in Collision", describing his ideas about a
  kind of planetary ping-pong that supposedly brought our solar
  system to its current configuration: Venus sprang out of Jupiter
  during an encounter of that planet with Saturn, and swung by Earth
  circa 1500 B.C., causing such events as the parting of the Red Sea,


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  the sun standing still for Joshua's benefit, the collapse of the
  walls of Jericho, and the plagues in Egypt.

  Venus then knocked Mercury off course, into several near-collisions
  with Earth, in the seventh and eighth centuries B.C., causing
  further upheavals. For good measure, Velikovsky had Saturn
  showering the Earth with water, thus accounting for the Deluge, and
  the moon being captured by Earth, all also within human history.

  If this were not amazing enough, Velikovsky adduced as his primary
  evidence various "myths" from different cultures, employing his own
  idiosyncratic form of extreme literalism. Everywhere gods were
  mentioned, they were IN FACT planets: Zeus and Ares having a tete-
  a-tete actually meant a near-collision of Jupiter and Mars. He was
  thus able to tie various peoples' written records and mythologies
  to his hypothetical planetary ballet and its terrestrial side-
  effects (e.g., volcanoes and meteorites), making adjustments as
  needed (such as eliminating 4 Egyptian dynasties to synchronize
  events).

  Velikovsky's work met with a harsh and perhaps disproportionate
  blast of criticism from the scientific establishment, mostly
  because it was published by Macmillan & Company's textbook
  division. He and his followers thus were able to follow the well-
  worn path of the self-described martyr, gaining from it
  considerable publicity and sympathy from the unwary, as have cranks
  in all ages.

  Like the creationists, Velikovsky insisted on fitting everything
  into the human record, and so came up with an anthropocentric view
  of the universe, with an implausibly young solar system. He used
  a very narrow conception of history, postulated physical forces
  that are no longer at work today (and thus are not testable),
  distorted the human record to make the various myths world-wide and
  simultaneous, and ignored conflicting evidence from astronomy,
  physics, geology, and archeology.

  All his major predictions turned out to be false (e.g. Venus giving
  off heat, because of its supposed recent formation), in spite of
  numerous attempts at rationalizing, as was pointed out by
  Velikovsky's many scientific critics (not least of whom was David
  Morrison himself). Yet some of his followers have persisted to this
  day, keeping the faith alive even after his death in 1979.

  Creationism, the other major variety of "quack catastrophism," has
  itself undergone a type of radical change. As early as the 18th
  century, many writers attempting to reconcile biblical cosmology
  with scientific findings had concluded that the Deluge (however
  inaccurately recorded) must have been the most recent of a SERIES
  of catastrophes. Biblical literalism had been set aside or relaxed
  by most.

  Around the turn of the present century, a "new U.S. creationism"
  began to be popular. It involved strict biblical literalism, the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  occurrence of only ONE flood caused by the collapse of an overhead
  vapour canopy, and worldwide volcanic eruptions. These events
  produced all the Earth's continents and other landforms, geologic
  strata and fossil deposits, over the course of a SINGLE year, and
  all of cosmic history was required to fit within a timescale of
  less than 10,000 years (instead of billions of years). As with
  Velikovsky's theories, no physical evidence for this Deluge
  catastrophism exists: It contradicts the fundamentals of geology
  and astronomy, and is unrelated to (and fails to explain) the
  observed patterns of mass extinctions, evolution, and other
  elements of biological history.

  In contrast to these variants, Morrison described the "new
  catastrophism" emerging from astronomy. For a long time scientists
  entertained the idea that infrequent, catastrophic events made the
  dominant effects in geology and biology. In the same way that
  sudden floods produced most of the erosion that formed the Grand
  Canyon, one could conceive of astronomical events that cause
  worldwide upheaval and consequent rapid change. The Cretaceous-
  Tertiary and Permian extinctions were cited as possible examples
  of these effects. Only recently, however, have plausible mechanisms
  and other supporting evidence for such rapid and dramatic change
  come to light.

  Studies of the comets and asteroids, as well as of impact craters
  on the Earth and other bodies, have made apparent that collisions
  with the Earth have occurred quite frequently (on the cosmic
  timescale). The comets pass Earth orbit both inbound and outbound,
  and perturbations in asteroid orbits occasionally eject some of
  them into the inner solar system. The several largest of the
  roughly 30,000 asteroids are not too far short of planetary scale,
  and dwarf the remainder added together. One of these could be
  expected to strike Earth on the order of every 5 to 100 million
  years.

  Astronomers now think that, in the most dramatic such episode,
  around 4.5 billion years ago, a body the size of Mars struck the
  earth, nearly splitting apart the Earth, and creating the moon.
  Some scientists thus speculate that life may have formed several
  times on Earth, with the Earth being "sanitized" by massive impacts
  each time.

  Another clear collision on a lesser scale occurred at the time of
  the Cretaceous extinction (when the dinosaurs died out): The late
  BAS Advisor Luis Alvarez pointed out that the high concentration
  of iridium from that geological layer is best explained by a
  collision with some sizable iridium-bearing body (as some comets
  are thought to be).

  Stephen Jay Gould and others have suggested that at ordinary times,
  species can in general adapt to the small, gradual changes in their
  environment, but have no such survival mechanism equal to the
  challenge of such catastrophic events. It is on such occasions that
  ordinarily-unimportant quirks, like living mostly underground (as

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  the ancestors of mammals did at the time of the dinosaurs' demise)
  suddenly become important survival traits, and enormous biological
  changes become possible as the environment changes drastically.

  Although the craters resulting from some past impacts can be found
  in places around the Earth, constant erosion makes the record a
  relatively brief one: Better information can be found by examining
  the Moon. Part of the surface there, the "old highlands," consists
  of heavily cratered terrain -- craters on top of craters, of great
  age. The lunar "maria", by contrast, are volcanic flow plains
  formed about 3.5 billion years ago, and so were a "clean slate" at
  that time, and are thus useful for studying the more "recent"
  period since then. Only 5 craters of 50 km or more appear on the
  "maria".

  Extrapolating to the 80-times-greater area of the Earth (and
  ignoring the stronger gravitational field), one would expect 400
  such impacts in 3.5 billion years, or about one every 10 million
  years. (Note that the Cretaceous extinction, 65 million years ago,
  fits this model.) These would be massive impacts, utterly dwarfing
  the effects of even the most massive volcanic explosions, or any
  other known geologic processes. Each such meteor (of, say, 10 km
  diameter) would release kinetic energy of about 10 million megatons
  of TNT, excavating 10 to the 15th power tons of material,
  sufficient to blot out all sunlight for months and leave a layer
  several feet deep around the earth.

  Evidence from the time of the Cretaceous extinction suggests that
  just such global effects occurred at that time. Alternatives to
  this impact scenario have been offered and considered. The only
  plausible event of enough severity is explosive volcanic eruption.
  Such cataclysms as the explosions of Thera (Santorini), Krakatoa,
  and Mt. St. Helens have seemed devastating to human onlookers, but
  have never been shown to reach more than one-millionth the power
  of the (inevitable) impacts already mentioned.

  Krakatoa made possible the stunning beauty of Turner's painted
  sunsets, but was certainly not catastrophic on a global scale. So,
  unless one accepts the ad hoc hypothesis of million-times-magnified
  volcanoes, it seems more reasonable to expect impact events to have
  dominant effects.

  What does all this mean for us? For an individual, the chance of
  having one's day ruined by a meteor is minuscule: For a
  once-per-million-year event (a several-km-wide meteor causing a
  several hundred thousand megaton impact), one chance in 20,000.
  However, for CIVILISATION, the risk of such an impact is
  significant, since the loss of sunlight would cause crop failure
  and starvation of most of humankind, much like the hypothetical
  "nuclear winter." The risk to individuals can be put into
  perspective compared to more familiar death risks:

  Botulism: 1 chance in 2,000,000
  Fireworks: 1 chance in 500,000

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  Tornadoes: 1 chance in 50,000
  Air Crashes: 1 chance in 20,000
  Meteor Impact: 1 chance in 20,000
  Firearms: 1 chance in 200
  Car Crash: 1 chance in 100

  Or, to put this another way, Morrison listed the expected average
  deaths per year in the U.S. from each cause:

  Botulism : kills a few
  Fireworks: kills a dozen
  Tornadoes: kill a hundred
  Air Crashes: kill several hundred
  Firearms: kill 20,000
  Car Crash: kill 50,000

  Averaging over a long period of time, impacts could, like air
  crashes, be expected to kill several hundred per year, or wipe out
  the U.S. population once per million years. What should be done
  about this? Well, considering the amount spent on such preventative
  measures as tornado watches, aircraft safety (a comparable hazard,
  not counting the civilisation threat), and food inspections, it
  seems reasonable to expect some proportionate societal effort.
  Several hundred people lost (on average) per year equates to
  roughly a loss of some hundred million dollars or so in lost
  earnings power, as another point of comparison. Such comparisons
  based on the number of lives at risk would suggest spending several
  hundred million dollars per year on research and protection.

  Morrison urges intensified telescope searches, missions to examine
  comets and asteroids, and continued research on impacts, nuclear
  winter scenarios, orbital chaos theory, etc. He envisions, in the
  next decade or so, effective defenses from such disasters, using
  explosive devices to deflect incoming meteors when they are still
  far enough to nudge off course, a REAL space defense for everyone.

  Dr. Morrison has gone into this matter in greater (and more
  eloquent) detail in his book "Cosmic Catastrophes" -- just out --
  and many of those in attendance were able to buy copies at the
  lecture site (the Academy of Science). Keep your eye out for this
  well-written and interesting work.

  A near catastrophe of much lesser proportions grazed Morrison not
  too long ago: He was a co-defendant, with CSICOP and several other
  local skeptics, in the recent Hawaii lawsuit filed by self-
  described psychic Gareth Pendragon. The skeptics prevailed, but we
  hope to give Dr. Morrison a safer environment here in the Bay Area,
  earthquakes notwithstanding, and extend to him a warm welcome --
  and a thank you for a wonderful talk.


  THANKS!


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  A note of gratitude to Daniel Sabsay for a keen eye and some great
  recommendations to improve the appearance of "BASIS". Look around
  and see if you can see the changes. We are always pleased to
  receive the comments and suggestions of you, the talented people
  out there. Pull out your rulers, graphic-art minds and send your
  ideas to make things better. The improvements to our newsletter
  have almost all come from very caring people, some of them
  professionals. Thanks to you all.


  UNSOUND ADVICE
  by Robert Pease

  [Robert Pease is an electronics engineer who saw some gibberish in
  the "San Francisco Chronicle" Home Entertainment section alleging
  that splicing speaker wire is to be avoided because it degrades the
  sound quality. He wrote to the "Chronicle", challenging the claims
  of their article. What follows is background and part of the
  rebuttal to the newspaper. -- Ed.]

  In the olden days, the soothsayer would require you to cross her
  palm with silver before she would assure you that you could win the
  hand of your true love, etc. These days, there are other areas
  where you have to have faith in the unexplainable to win the prize.
  For example, you have to trust and spend $$$ according to the
  advice of the Hi-Fi Expert. You have to take his word for it that
  an expen$$ive amplifier made with vacuum tubes sounds better than
  any amplifier made with the best transistors. You have to take his
  word for it that $200 speaker cables "sound better" than $5, $50,
  or $100 speaker cables.

  This whole thing is lifted to new levels of absurdity when a man
  named Somerfield comes along and says, if you have a perfectly
  adequate set of speaker wires, and you need them 5 feet longer,
  well, throw them away and buy new ones at the new length so you can
  avoid splices in the wires. After all, you wouldn't want to add
  splices which would "hamper the sound quality," would you? I have
  done some measurements and can say that this is hogwash.

  I took some 12-gauge stranded wire and spliced it simply by
  twisting the strands together. Unspliced wire has a resistance of
  about 150 micro ohms per inch. With the twisted splice, about 900
  ohms -- the equivalent of an unspliced wire six inches longer --
  was added. When the splice was soldered, making the splice more
  solid, the increased resistance was only about 40 ohms, or less
  than .3 inches of wire! I have also checked other effects of
  splicing, such as impedance, with the same negligible effects.

  I have proposed a test and challenged Mr. Somerfield to tell me
  which wires, spliced or unspliced, "sound better." I asked him to
  pick out an unspliced wire from a group of wires with up to 10
  splices in each wire. Obviously, even HE knows he has no chance to
  do that. He'd have to be clairvoyant to guess which wire has a

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  splice, because at microwave frequencies, (200 - 800 MHz), one
  might be able to notice a tiny difference. At the highest end of
  human hearing (20 kHz), no way.

  Many of these "Golden Ear" fellows really do have good ears, but
  too often they claim to be able to hear things that are just not
  there. Some of these people claim things that border on the
  paranormal, and they cry out to be rebutted to help prevent even
  a duped yuppie from getting ripped off.

  The notion that a properly spliced speaker wire is sufficiently
  inferior as to "hamper the sound" is so absurd that next they'll
  be telling us that a speaker wire in a knot will cause the sound
  to be "constricted" or "strangled." Often, when a "Golden Ear"
  claims that amplifier A has "less distortion when overdriven" than
  amplifier B, or that speaker system C has "smoother phase" than
  system D, we laymen are not in a position to argue, because the
  experts' opinions are subjective and because it would cost
  thousands and thousands of dollars for us to duplicate the
  experiment. Here, we are talking about a few dollar's worth of wire
  and some very basic comparisons: either a wire with one or two
  splices is noticeably different from unspliced wire or it is not.

  Self-proclaimed experts must beware of making pompous
  pronouncements which cannot be supported when challenged.

  (Note: As of press time, Mr. Somerfield has not responded)


  SATANIST SURVIVORS
  by Rex Springston

  [The following is a June 1988 excerpted article from the Richmond,
  Virginia "News Leader".)

  Cassandra Hoyer said she was being thrown to the ground by 30
  Satanists when a woman drove by and stopped her car to help. "They
  dragged her into the woods, hung her on a cross and sacrificed her
  by fire," Ms. Hoyer alleged. Another time, Ms. Hoyer and a teenager
  were harassed and dipped into vats of blood, she said. She claimed
  that both rituals occurred in the summer of 1987 in a rural part
  of Goochland County, Virginia, she said.

  At the time, investigating Police found nothing -- no car, no
  missing person report, not even a drop of blood from the vats, said
  chief deputy Leslie Parrish. Does he believe the stories? "I'm a
  little iffy on it," he said. Sue Bane says she has witnessed 50 to
  70 human sacrifices by Satanists in the Richmond area. The most
  recent occurred about six months ago in Henrico County when a baby
  was sacrificed on an altar, then cut up into pieces, she said. The
  police have found nothing.

  Hoyer, 42, and Bane, 28, call themselves survivors of Satanic

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  cults. They are representative of hundreds of such "survivors"
  across the country. Both have had intensive psychotherapy, and both
  suffer from multiple-personality disorders, their psychiatrists
  say. Neither has physical evidence to support her contentions.
  "Survivors" across the country have told extremely similar stories
  of torture and sacrifice without corroboration by physical
  evidence, experts say. The stories -- given great play on talk
  shows and in the mainstream press -- help feed the notion that
  Satanic cults are conducting sacrifices with regularity across the
  country. Many experts say that notion is a myth.

  Two outspoken local advocates of the Satanic-conspiracy theory,
  Richmond police Lt. Lawrence Haake and Hanover County private
  investigator Patricia Pulling, say "survivors" are key sources of
  their information. "People are saying the same thing all over the
  country, and those people are totally unrelated to one another, but
  what they say is consistent -- to me that is a degree of
  credibility," said Haake.

  Some mental health professionals say the survivor accounts are
  simply delusions suffered by mentally disturbed people and passed
  to the public as fact by unskeptical therapists, police officers
  and news reporters. The delusions may be reactions to genuine, but
  non-Satanic, abuse they received as children, experts say. "The
  true cult is the people who believe in this," said Dr. Park Dietz,
  a Newport Beach, CA forensic psychiatrist.

  Ms. Hoyer, a toy-store cashier who was brought up in New England
  and has lived in Richmond since 1980, has spoken in public meetings
  and in news stories of being chased by a Satanic cult, being
  repeatedly raped and being forced to witness two local sacrifices.
  Her story was the basis for a January 1988 feature article in
  "Style Weekly", a weekend newspaper insert. Mrs. Bane has spoken
  about Satanism to Richmond police training groups, according to her
  and Parrish. She is writing a book, "Freedom from Satan's Horror".

  She revealed she had 17 personalities, and some of them wanted to
  be in the cult. She said therapy and faith in God fused her 17
  personalities into one. "I prayed, and through a miracle, I was
  completely integrated," she said. Her husband, Nathan, a 35-year-
  old plumber, said the whole thing had been a "nightmare." He said
  he never saw the rituals; his wife would slip out at night to go
  to them. Ms. Hoyer and Mrs. Bane said they began to realize they
  were Satanic cult victims while undergoing psychotherapy in recent
  years.

  Adults are not the only ones to describe Satanic rituals. According
  to officials, a dozen or more children in the Richmond area have
  described them, as logged by various Virginia state and local
  departments. The children reported -- or indicated through play and
  passing comments -- seeing sacrifices, dismemberment and other
  bloody rituals.

  "They are not saying they witnessed it. They are talking about it

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  as if they know about it, and that's what makes us suspicious,"
  said Bettie Kienast, a Social Service director. She said her
  department had dealt with four such children in about four years.

  The stories are consistent with unconfirmed reports from children
  across the country. Many experts say the children may have picked
  up the stories from adults or other children or even from movies
  and other popular culture. The stories also may be fantasies or
  false reports induced by leading questions, experts say. In some
  cases, the children may have been victims of real but non-Satanic
  abuse, or of abuse by pedophiles who use the trappings of Satanism
  as a means of control, some experts say.

  Kenneth Lanning, the FBI's chief expert on sex crimes against
  children, has been consulted in more than 299 case involving
  Satanic themes. He would not discuss specific cases but he said he
  was aware of claims of sacrifice in the Richmond area. He said he
  knows of no bona fide Satanic cult sacrifice -- not only in Central
  Virginia, but nationwide. Regarding Mrs. Bane's story, Lanning
  said, "It's unlikely that a group of individuals could come
  together, commit 50 to 70 human sacrifices, and no one ever finds
  any evidence, no mother of a (sacrificed) child ever has second
  thought . . . nobody ever makes a mistake."

  [Note the great similarity in reports of Satanic ritual and UFO
  abduction reports.]


  UFO TREKKIES

  They recently reuned in Foster City, CA to discuss the growing
  problem of alien abductions. J.R. Wheeler sent us the story from
  the 8-7-89 "Peninsula Time Tribune" detailing the conference. More
  than anything, it appears that it was an occasion for the faithful
  to swap stories: "You know what happens when you leak any of the
  UFO information? You get snuffed out," said a society member who
  preferred to stay anonymous as he leaked UFO information.

  The general topic of discussion was the vast government cover-up,
  about which everyone on the planet knows. One of the reasons given
  for the success of the plot is that we are getting great
  technological secrets from the aliens in exchange for silence
  guaranteeing that nobody knows they are here. We must be very
  careful to see that people don't write books or have meetings about
  them.


  DEGREES OF FOLLY: PART IX
  by William Bennetta

  Parts I through VIII of this article ran in earlier issues of
  "BASIS", starting in February 1989. Here is a summary: By law, no

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  unaccredited school in California can issue degrees unless the
  school has been assessed and formally approved by the
  superintendent of public instruction -- the chief of the State
  Department of Education.

  In August l988, the Department's Private Postsecondary Education
  Division (PPED) staged an assessment of the ICR Graduate School
  (ICRGS). The ICRGS is an arm of the Institute for Creation
  Research, a fundamentalist ministry that promotes the pseudoscience
  called "creation-science." The founder and president of the ICR is
  Henry Morris, a preacher and former engineer who poses as an expert
  in geology, biology, paleontology and various other fields in which
  he has no detectable credentials.

  The Department's assessment of Morris's school was made by a five-
  man committee that had been chosen by, and was managed, by a PPED
  officer named Roy W. Steeves. The committee included two ringers
  who had been linked closely to the ICR or to Morris, and the
  committee's report was bogus: It hid the real nature of the ICR,
  promoted the ICR's scientific pretensions, and said that the
  superintendent of public instruction, Bill Honig, should approve
  the ICR as a source of masters' degrees in science and in science
  education.

  Two of the committee's legitimate members then sent separate
  reports to Honig, telling the truth about the ICR. But Roy Steeves,
  in memoranda to the PPED's director, Joseph P. Barankin, endorsed
  the ICR and urged that it should be approved. Honig, in statements
  that he gave to the press in December 1988, refused the approval;
  but in January 1989 the Department drew back from that decision and
  began to negotiate with the ICR.

  On 3 March 1989, Joseph Barankin and the ICR reached an agreement.
  The ICR would revise its curriculum, purging "ICRGS's
  interpretations" from courses that would count toward degrees. To
  learn whether the ICR had made the revisions, the Department would
  send a new examining committee; one member would be selected by
  the ICR. Despite the agreement, the ICR continued to advertise the
  ICRGS as a "Graduate School of Creationist Science," devoted to
  "scientific and Biblical creationism."

  The new committee visited the ICR in August 1989. Four of the
  committee's five members are scientists from campuses of the
  University of California or the California State University. The
  fifth, evidently selected by the ICR, is from a Bible college in
  Ohio. The committee is being managed not by Roy Steeves but by
  Jeanne Bird. Bird joined the PPED in the spring of 1989, as a staff
  consultant, and became one of the PPED's assistant directors a few
  months later.

  Henry Morris and the other ICR men, according to their own
  statements, expect that the committee will declare the ICRGS
  unworthy of approval, and that Honig will follow the committee's
  judgment. On 31 August, in an effort to win sympathy from the press

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  and the public, the ICR men held a "news conference" to denounce
  Honig and to distribute a fiercely misleading account of their
  transactions with his Department.

  They achieved only modest success, however: Most news organizations
  apparently recognized that the ICR men's only "news" was their own
  desperation. The committee has not yet given its report to Honig.
  I recently asked the Department about the status of the committee's
  work, and I shall tell here what I learned. -- W.B., 14 December
  1989

  NEW ARRANGEMENTS

  On 20 November 1989, Jeanne Bird replaced Joseph Barankin as
  director of the PPED. Bird's title is "acting director"; she
  presumably will manage the PPED through the end of this year, when
  it will go out of business. (See sidebar.) According to the
  Department's public-relations officer, Susie Lange, Barankin now
  has a special assignment and works for Bill Honig's deputy
  superintendent for specialized programs, Shirley Thornton.

  As a part of that assignment, Lange says, Barankin is still
  handling the ICR case. Responsibility for the case, however,
  remains with Jeanne Bird in the PPED, even if Barankin no longer
  works there.

  WHAT'S TAKING SO LONG?

  Early on 4 December I telephoned Jeanne Bird to learn how the case
  was developing. She said that she had to go to a meeting and would
  return my call in the afternoon. The person who called me in the
  afternoon, however, was Gregory Roussere, the Department's lawyer
  who has overseen the ICR case and who accompanied the members of
  the new committee during their visit to the ICR.

  According to Roussere, each member of the committee had submitted,
  in August or in early September, an account of what he had observed
  during the visit. Jeanne Bird then had directed the synthesis of
  those accounts into a draft of the committee's report; and copies
  of the draft had been sent to all the members, in mid-November, so
  that they could offer comments and corrections that would be
  reflected in a new draft.

  Further drafts will be generated until all the members reach a
  consensus and sign a report that can be delivered to Honig. "We'd
  like to finish it as soon as we can," Roussere commented, "but as
  a reality, we probably won't have a final report until the first
  of the year."

  Why, I asked, has the writing of the report proceeded so slowly?
  The chief reason, Roussere said, is that the PPED has been
  preoccupied with preparations for implementing some new legislation
  that will take effect on 1 January 1990. That legislation governs
  the assessment and approval of vocational schools.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  TOPICAL STUFF

  The ICR men, meanwhile, have just distributed another batch of
  religious pamphlets, including the December issues of "Impact" and
  "Acts & Facts". "Impact" offers an end-of-the-world piece --
  "Earthquakes in These Last Days" -- by Steven A. Austin, of the
  ICR's Geology Department. (For a note about one of Austin's earlier
  ventures in pseudoscience, see "A Truth Patrolman Tracks Prof.
  John," in "BASIS" for October.)

  Austin mentions the California earthquake of 17 October 1989, links
  some biblical passages to earthquakes, and then tells how recent
  earthquakes should be interpreted:

      Jesus Christ spoke of them as "signs" of His coming again
      to earth. He said, "There will be earthquakes in divers
      places" (Matthew 24:7; Mark 13: 8), a fact now verified
      by the global distribution of earthquakes recorded on
      seismographs. Furthermore, He said this sign is the
      "beginning of sorrows" (Matthew 24:8; Mark 13:8). The
      word translated [as] "sorrows" in many English Bibles is
      the Greek [word] for "birth pangs." Just as we know that
      a woman is going to give birth to a child because of
      birth pangs, Jesus says we know that the intolerable
      anguish of God's judgment and the return of His Son is
      [sic] at hand.

  Austin concludes that "our basis for understanding earthquakes"
  should be this: They are divine devices for judgment, deliverance
  and communication. An unsigned article in the December "Acts &
  Facts" says that the California Republican Assembly (CRA) last
  October adopted a resolution supporting the ICR' s attempt to get
  approval from Bill Honig.

  According to the article, the resolution accused Honig of intending
  to deny the ICR men's academic and religious freedom; it also
  called for investigations of Honig's actions by the federal Civil
  Rights Commission and by the attorney general, among others. I have
  not yet been able to get the CRA's comment about the "Acts & Facts"
  piece.


  SIDEBAR: SB190 IS NOW LAW

  SB190 -- State Senator Becky Morgan's bill for reforming the
  regulation of unaccredited schools that operate in California --
  was signed into law by Governor George Deukmejian on 1 October.
  The bill had been approved in the Senate (by a vote of 31 to 1) on
  19 June. It then had been amended by the Assembly, which passed
  the amended version (by a vote of 70 to 5) on 13 September. Two
  days later, the Senate accepted the amended text (by a vote of 23
  to 4); and on 20 September the bill went to the governor.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  Since 1977 the responsibility for regulating vocational schools and
  unaccredited, degree-granting organizations has resided, by
  statute, with the superintendent of public instruction -- the chief
  of the State Department of Education. Morgan's law will transfer
  that responsibility to the California Council for Private
  Postsecondary and Vocational Education, a new agency that will come
  into existence on 1 January 1991 and will be devoted entirely to
  overseeing postsecondary schools.

  Concomitantly, the new law will abolish the Department of
  Education's Private Postsecondary Education Division (PPED) and the
  Council for Private Postsecondary Educational Institutions, an
  agency that was established in 1977 to advise the superintendent
  of public instruction. It will not, however, affect the California
  Postsecondary Education Commission (CPEC), an advisory body that
  serves the governor and the legislature. A committee convened by
  CPEC will prepare, by 1 October 1990, a forecast of the new
  council's operating budget, including an estimate of any subsidy
  that the council may need, from the state's general fund, to
  supplement the fees that will be paid by regulated schools.

  The council will have authority to establish "minimum criteria"
  governing the operation of unaccredited, degree-granting schools
  and to grant or deny approval to such schools. No unaccredited
  school will be able to grant degrees, legally, unless it has won
  approval. The council will begin practical operation on 1 July 199l
  and will have 15 members: the superintendent of public instruction,
  the secretary of state, a representative of the California Student
  Aid Commission, six representatives of schools that fall under the
  council's jurisdiction, and six people from the general public.

  (The text of the law adds: "It is the intent of the Legislature
  that the members of the general public . . . have a strong
  interest in developing private postsecondary and vocational
  education, and include representation from businesses that employ
  persons in positions requiring academic, vocational, or technical
  education.")

  Any civil-service employee who may be working for the PPED on 31
  December 1990 will become an employee of the new council; and any
  school that may be holding an approval under current law will have
  its approval extended "for a period not to exceed four years from
  the date of the institutions's last approval review."

  The new law offers a new opportunity and mechanism for policing
  unaccredited schools and for driving bogus outfits from the state,
  but it is not as potent a law as it might have been. One glaring
  weakness lies in the composition of the council: Two-fifths of the
  council's members will come from unaccredited schools -- that is,
  two-fifths of the regulators will be regulatees -- but none of its
  members need come from ACCREDITED ones.

  Hence there is no clear, mandated link between the council and the


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  mainstream academic community, nor any clear, mandated safeguard
  against the council's turning into a mutual-certification club. The
  law's actual effect will depend on the integrity of the council's
  members and technical staff, their diligence in resisting attempts
  by diploma mills to vitiate the law, and the willingness of the
  legislature and the governor to support the council with money. If
  the council must depend entirely on license fees for its funds, and
  must see its own budget shrink when it refuses to approve or
  reapprove a school, then both the intent and the letter of the new
  law may be compromised. -- W.B.


  SAI BABA BABBLING

  The sleight-of-hand cum-psychic, Sai Baba, is so confident of his
  unswerving support that he feels he can be as reckless and carefree
  as he pleases. B. Premanand, head of India's CSICOP-like
  organization, has exposed the Indian guru many times, but his
  followers remain stalwart. (Premanand visited the Bay Area and told
  about the god-men of India, of which Sai Baba is the most
  notorious.

  In July of 1989, another rationalist, Abraham Kovoor, uncovered an
  utterly shameless attempt by Sai Baba to claim he had materialized
  a unique Seiko watch "from thin air" for the head of the Japanese
  watchmaker company when he was on a visit to the god-men in India.
  Sai Baba claimed that the watch in question was locked in a vault
  in the corporate headquarters in Japan, yet he was able to
  materialize the timepiece and hand it to the dignitary during the
  Indian visit.

  Kovoor did some painstaking investigations and found that the truth
  was quite different. He wrote repeatedly to Sai Baba's office for
  details of the miracle, but his letters went unanswered. He then
  wrote to the Seiko company who told him that no Seiko company
  official had visited India near the time in question, let alone to
  Sai Baba. Therefore no watch had been produced. Most significant
  is the simple fact that no such unique watch exists in the first
  place.

  The entire episode from start to finish was a fiction. This
  incident should remind us that when miraculous claims are spouted,
  the FIRST explanation we should consider is that it is simply a
  fabrication.


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Kent Harker, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Kate Talbot, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


  THE NEW SCIENCE FRAMEWORK: WHY SCIENCE WON BIG.

  Dr. Kevin Padian, a professor of evolutionary biology in the
  department of Integrative Biology at U.C. Berkeley, an advisor to
  BAS and a member of the board of the National Council for Science
  Education said that he learned a lot about the political tactics
  used by creationists in the fight over California's science
  curriculum. The public need to know more about the threat to
  science eduction. As a member of the "Science Framework Committee"
  drafting the new guidelines for science education, he discovered
  that it wasn't all rational science or obvious public policy. The
  stakes are high, and the creationists have an agenda.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
  The editor of "The Origin of Birds and the Evolution of Flight"
  (1986) he had to come down to earth and confront these very real
  opponents of sound scientific education. But "science won big," he
  insisted. Find out why, despite last minute compromises and wording
  changes, your children's future as science students took a leap
  forward. Come and hear Dr. Padian's step-by-step analysis of what
  really happened in Sacramento.

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the January, 1990 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1990 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:01]
