{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T13:01:54Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 71567, "source_ctime_ns": 1790207441843589111, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-10.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790207441835198704, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-10.pdf", "source_sha256": "dba48e33dc4aa1dbf103bab98f3a29ccee3140684032f92f1b4a24b032791d80"}

---------------------------------------------------------
  October 1987 "BASIS", Newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ---------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 6, No. 10
              Editor: Kent Harker


  ASTROLOGER TRIPS ON BAS

  [BAS has a remarkably efficient network of ears that keeps in touch
  with up-coming radio and TV shows promoting the paranormal. The
  word goes out to skeptics in the area who then call in to or attend
  the programs. The result is that from 25% to 90% of the callers are
  skeptics, barraging the guests with questions they are unaccustomed
  to finding in their travels.

  Recently on KGO radio, a S. F."talk" format, astrologer Jean Avery
  appeared as a guest on the Michael Krasny show and asserted that
  Michel Gauquelin supported astrology.

  BAS founder and advisor ROBERT STEINER wrote to KGO and has given"
  BASIS "permission to publish his letter to Krasny and to Avery
  before receiving a response from Avery, anticipating that hell will
  be gelid long before that happens.

  For those not familiar with the work of Gauquelin, (which must
  include Ms. Avery) he conducted extensive statistical analyses of
  the birth signs of various groups (politicians, etc.) to see if
  there were any correlation with their professional proclivities.
  He found a significant correlation with athletes and the aspect of
  the planet Mars, which he dubbed "The Mars Effect." That study has
  been roundly criticized by skeptics for years on very solid
  grounds.

  In any event, Gauquelin is an outspoken critic of astrology, but
  the faithful are only familiar with the results of this one study
  and are only too happy to lift the whole thing out of context,
  totally unaware of the Gauquelin's overall position on the
  question. Ms. Avery may have to undergo psychic surgery to have
  her foot removed from her mouth. -- Ed]

  Dear Michael:

  As usual, I enjoyed your show tonight. Your guest, Jean Avery, was
  simultaneously both quite sure and quite wrong in her assertion
  that Michel Gauquelin strongly supports astrology.

  When Don Henvick, of Bay Area Skeptics, called her on this, she
  reiterated her position. She boldly challenged Don to find anything
  showing that Gauquelin doubted astrology at all. She virtually
  dared Don to send in data supporting his position. You assured her


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  that you would forward to her any such forthcoming data.

  Shortly after that segment of the show, Don called me and requested
  that I send the data on to you.

  Enclosed are two copies of the final two pages of Dr. Gauquelin's
  book entitled "Dreams and Illusions of Astrology".

  Please forward one copy to Ms. Avery, along with a copy of this
  letter.

  Sincerely,
  (signed) Robert Steiner


  NOTE TO JEAN AVERY

  Dear Ms. Avery:

  You are obviously sincere in your beliefs. You are just as
  obviously wrong on this one. Since you made your erroneous
  assertion over the radio to millions of people, in all fairness to
  your listening public, I respectfully suggest that you send a
  letter of retraction and correction to Michael Krasny. In continued
  fairness, I would further suggest that you request that he inform
  his listeners of your acknowledgment of your erroneous assertion.

  I am sure that you would not wish to mislead the listeners into
  believing false information. Setting the record straight would be
  a proper gesture for all concerned.

  I look forward to receiving a copy of that letter. When received,
  this letter and your reply will be published in "BASIS", Bay Area
  Skeptics Information Sheet.

  Thank you for your anticipated demonstration of your integrity and
  dedication to truth.

  Sincerely,
  (signed) Robert Steiner


  [The following is excerpted from the conclusion of Michel
  Gauquelin's "Dreams and Illusions of Astrology", pages 157 and 158:

  "Is astrology illusion or reality? There are several possible
  answers. There is no doubt that in our world astrology is socially
  and psychologically much alive. The horoscope is a product that is
  bought and sold, and that leads people to dreams. But the dreams
  of the clientele are answered by the deceptions of the charlatan,
  as well as by the illusions of the researcher who is sincere but
  not very lucid.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  "This psychological reality is based on a firmly rooted scientific
  error. As interesting as it may be, the origin of astrology was
  developed on mythological bases that are not at all compatible with
  modern scientific objectivity, and especially, serious scientific
  examination is never favorable to this ancient doctrine. Electronic
  astrology is no more than a gadget that has no solid basis at all;
  predictions about the future of the world are examples of rather
  pitiful Nostradamian sleight of hand. The horoscope is certainly
  a commercial reality, but it is a scientific illusion, or rather
  just an illusion.

  "The fortune teller and the explainer of dreams of days gone by
  have nothing in common with Freud's or Jung's interpretation of
  dreams.

  "There is no doubt that in a few cases some of the oneiric symbols
  of the old "dream books" cannot be completely stripped of every
  clinical truth. In the same way, it seems clear that the hour of
  birth seems a privileged moment in human life when certain still-
  mysterious cosmic influences can be manifested. That there might
  be a little more than simple chance in this is really impossible -
  - and we have said so.

  "But this is an academic problem that only the historian of science
  will be able to answer later perhaps, if he possesses sufficient
  documentation. Today, the roller of charlatanism, disguised in the
  tinseled finery of modern technology, represents a psychological
  and social danger. And since the most painstaking studies have
  shown the inanity of horoscopes, there should be a strong rising
  up against this exploitation of public credulity. Unfaithful even
  to the cosmic dreams of antiquity and dangerous to the honest
  researcher, this exploitation dishonors those who practice it.

  This is why commercial astrology and its charlatans must be
  struggled against. But they need not be made into martyrs. The
  struggle must be carried on by revealing to the public the
  psychological traps of the horoscopes they buy, and by interesting
  them in the scientific work dedicated to cosmic influences. The
  sorcerer gave way to the doctor, even in the mind of the general
  public; at the dawn of the age of interplanetary travel, it is time
  that the fortune teller leave the stage in his turn, and be
  replaced by a new man of science."


  [Some Bay Area Skeptics will remember Bill Moore who attended our
  May 1985 monthly meeting featuring speakers James Moseley and Kal
  Korff; from the audience he told us a great deal about his findings
  on the alleged "saucer crash" near Roswell, New Mexico. Moore
  claims to have found documents in the National Archives; his
  subsequent investigations turned up much allegedly confirming
  evidence of this claim -- indeed, so much that it looked positively
  compelling -- until it began to crumble. -- Robert Sheaffer]


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  CSICOP PRESS RELEASE

  Recent widely publicized "Top secret" documents which claimed to
  reveal that the U.S. Government secretly recovered a crashed flying
  saucer and four alien bodies near Roswell, N.M., 40 years ago, are
  "clumsy counterfeits" according to spokesmen for CSICOP. "The
  evidence clearly shows that these are hoax documents."

  Designated CSICOP UFO investigator Phil Klass conducted the
  research and included in his report the finding of Jo Ann
  Williamson, an official at the Military Archives in Washington.
  The hoax documents claim that shortly after a crashed saucer and
  four alien bodies were recovered in July, 1947, President Truman
  created a top secret group called "Majestic-12" (MJ-12), consisting
  of a dozen of the nation's top scientists, to study the craft and
  the aliens.

  The MJ-12 documents were released to the news media in late May by
  William Moore and two associate UFO researchers: Stanton Friedman
  and Jamie Shandera. They seemed to confirm earlier claims by Moore
  of a secret government recovery of a crashed saucer.

  According to Moore, photos of the MJ-12 documents were found on an
  undeveloped roll of 35 mm film received by Shandera in 1984 from
  an unknown source. Moore claims that he, Shandera and Friedman
  spent more than two years in trying to authenticate the MJ-12
  documents before recently deciding to make them public.

  Moore recently publicly stated that "it is our considered opinion,
  based upon research and interviews conducted thus far, that the
  document and it contents APPEAR to be genuine. At the very least,
  it is possible to state with certainty that absolutely nothing has
  surfaced during the course of our research which would seem to
  suggest otherwise."

  According to Moore, this research included "many days...spent
  combing through the records at the National Archives as well as
  both the Truman and Eisenhower Presidential Libraries...."

  Moore's claim is challenged by Klass who turned up hard evidence
  in a matter of several weeks to show that key documents are
  counterfeits. Klass wrote to the directors of the Presidential
  Libraries to obtain documents of the same vintage and checked with
  officials at the National Archives who themselves already had
  become skeptical of one key memorandum.

  Moore and Shandera acknowledge that this memorandum is a
  cornerstone of their claims for the authenticity of the MJ-12
  document: "For the first time," according to Moore, "we had an
  official document available through a public source that talked
  about MJ-12." According to Shandera, the memo "gave us an auditable
  trail to a (government) document that referenced MJ-12."

  This document appeared to be an unsigned CARBON COPY of a

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  memorandum dated July 14, 1954, written by Robert Cutler, assistant
  to General N. Twining. The memo informed Twining of a last-minute
  change in the plans for an MJ-12 special studies project briefing
  of President Eisenhower and the National Security Council to be
  held on July 16.

  But Cutler could not possibly have written this July 14 memo,
  telling of very recent changes in Eisenhower's schedule, because
  Cutler had departed Washington 11 DAYS EARLIER ON AN EXTENDED TRIP
  TO VISIT MILITARY FACILITIES IN EUROPE AND NORTH AFRICA AND DID NOT
  RETURN TO WASHINGTON UNTIL JULY 15.

  Suspicions about the authenticity of the Cutler/Twining memo arose
  at the National Archives in the wake of inquiries generated by
  release of the MJ-12 documents. The memo was found by Moore and
  Shandera in July, 1985, in one of 126 boxes of once Top Secret USAF
  intelligence documents, each of which is given a register number
  by USAF before being turned over to the National Archives. The
  Cutler/Twining memo "does not bear such a number," according to
  library officials.

  This prompted the National Archives to dig deeper. On the surface,
  the memo, on onion-skin paper, appeared to be an unsigned carbon-
  copy. But analysis showed that it did not have the characteristic
  "Eagle watermark" of all government onion-skin paper like that
  found on other Curler memoranda in the library. Furthermore,
  indentations from the impact of typewriter keys were visible on the
  back side, showing that it was typed original. The memo bore a
  security classification which did not come into use for a decade.

  Shandera told Klass on June 27 that a very extensive check had been
  run on the authenticity of the Cutler memo. He claimed "we found
  numerous other documents with the same letterhead, same typewriter,
  same type style." But Klass obtained photocopies of authentic
  Cutler memoranda and letters written during July 1954 from the
  Eisenhower Library and they did not bear out Shandera's claim.
  "Even casual comparison of the clean, high-quality typeface on
  these documents with the typeface of the Cutler/Twining memo
  provides further evidence of a counterfeit," Klass said.

  Another key document, found on the 35 mm film roll and released by
  Moore, which appears to be a President Truman letter creating the
  MJ-12 group, also is a counterfeit, according to Klass. It
  authorized Forrestal "to proceed with all due speed and caution....
  Hereafter this matter shall be referred to only as Operation
  Majestic Twelve" i.e., MJ-12. Shandera told Klass that he and Moore
  had carefully checked the Truman letter's authenticity. "We had the
  typing checked, to determine the kind of typewriter [used]."

  Klass challenges Shandera's claim on the basis of other Truman
  letters written in the same 1947 period to other Cabinet members.
  Examination of the typeface and format of these authentic Truman
  letters indicates that the Sept. 24, 1947 letter to Forrestal is
  a counterfeit, created by superimposing a spurious message on a

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  photocopy of an authentic Truman letter.

  For example, authentic Truman letters to Cabinet members begin:
  "My Dear Secretary...," and the full name and address of the
  intended recipient is typed in at the lower-left corner of the
  page. But in the letter in question, the counterfeiter forgot to
  type Forrestal's name, title and address in the lower left portion
  of the page, and used "Dear Secretary Forrestal."

  Klass invited Moore and his associates to join his own efforts and
  expressed the hope that they will now be more responsive than in
  the past to his requests for information in their possession which
  might aid in pinpointing the person(s) responsible for fabricating
  the hoax.

  Klass's detailed report on the counterfeit papers will appear in
  the Winter edition of "The Skeptical Inquirer."


  "THE EMPIRICIST THINKS HE BELIEVES ONLY WHAT HE SEES -- BUT HE IS
  MUCH BETTER AT BELIEVING THAN AT SEEING." -- Santayana


  RAMPARTS

  [Ramparts is a regular feature of "BASIS", and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your local
  scene and send them to the EDITOR. If you want to add some comment
  with the submission, please do so.]

  From a publication aptly named "Twilight Zone" there are
  advertisements of New Age junkets if one is tired of the Club Med
  scene and the Paris routine.

  If current planning is a measure of the true faith of visionary New
  Agers, the magazine staff puts as much stock in this stuff as we
  do. After announcing the impending disasters following Harmonic
  Convergence (August 17th) the article offers a $1777 tour to
  "witness Quetzalcoatl lore and mystique" in late September. For
  $2,222 you can go to Peru and make "Contact with the Star Gods of
  the Andes."

  If you prefer making "direct contact with...the mythic realms of
  the gods," follow Dr. A. Villoldo, or do an Incan tour with an
  honest-to-goodness shaman for $2,450.

  Perhaps a not-too-modest allegation to "claim your immortality
  among psychic energy medicine healers" for the not-too-modest cost
  of $2,850 will fill the bill if our allotted 74 years seems
  inadequate. Meals and airfare included.

  Ever leave your heart in San Francisco? Put your hands over your

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  chest before you consider the Philippine junket. This one is not
  to see Imelda's Shoe Museum, but a "promise of ample opportunities
  for everyone to experience psychic healing at the hands of the
  better psychic surgeons." 2900 bucks a pop. If you haven't the loot
  to indulge yourself for the above fare, only $575 gets you one week
  with Mexico's Huichol Indians. REALLY with the indians: sleep on
  the ground, eat food cooked over an open fire, etc. The rigors of
  this spartan living will be suitably rewarded because ALL of the
  Huichol are prophets. Take along your handy-dandy Berliz Huichol
  Indian phrase book, however.

  JOHN TAUBE clipped some more crystal nonsense from the "Chronicle".
  BAS Board of Director member Lawrence Jerome's June article in
  "BASIS" should be kept near the phone when someone asks about
  crystal power. The rocks are proliferating like underground Big
  Macs in Moscow. These talismans of the New Age spiritual movement
  are alleged to do everything from resolving marital conflict to
  curing AIDS.

  "After a stressful day at the office, I come home to my new
  meditation partner -- a quartz crystal," says a S.F. insurance
  broker.

  For the more practical-minded, a young woman fan "placed a spire
  of clear quartz in front of the stage [during a rock concert] to
  `record' the music's vibration." Others claim a crystal beside your
  car's carburetor improves gas mileage; a quartz in your fridge cuts
  the electric bills.

  Shop owners are definitely tuned in to the power of crystals. The
  business is booming, which is proof that crystals work if you are
  on the right side of the counter. Forbes magazine reported that the
  faithful and hopeful will spend $100 million on the rocks.

  If skeptical balance means anything, the four-column space article
  revealing the power of crystals ended with four paragraphs from
  scientists (whadda THEY know). Dr. Lionel Weiss, a professor of
  crystallography at UCB says, "I think it's more religious than
  scientific; a matter of faith, like touching a piece of the cross."

  Weiss, who must have spent the better part of his life around the
  things, ought to know the spiritual power of those little rascals.

  Well, if Weiss didn't set things aright, John Taube did in a letter
  to the editor of the "Chron". John warned that women might soon
  come forward proclaiming that they got in a family way from the
  crystal in their boudoir. Taube told 'em to contact BAS to see if
  the crystals could take our $11,000 challenge money.


  EDITOR'S CORNER

  What is it about the "good 'ol days" that is so appealing to

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  people? Is it the notion that if something is ancient and venerable
  it is ipso facto true? Astrology, for example, has changed so
  little a modern practitioner can pick up a book written by 1st
  century astronomer Ptolemy and feel right at home.

  The so-called scientific creationists adore old knowledge and want
  to throw biology back at least 150 years to pre-Darwinian thinking;
  all the rest of the life sciences must be dragged kicking and
  screaming in the process. More recently the creationist faction is
  in the process of a FORMAL retrograde movement to Newtonian
  physics.

  The Institute for Creation Research (ICR) (the vast majority of
  creationist "research" is of the armchair variety: sifting the
  literature for statements that may be taken -- preferably out of
  context -- to imply current scientific thinking is unsound or
  incorrect.) announced in its official publication, "Acts & Facts",
  vol. 16, #8, (August 1987) that the Thomas G. Barnes Institute of
  Physics has been established, whose goal is "...to promote research
  supporting a return to classical physics (as opposed to quantum
  physics and relativity theory) in the context developed by Dr.
  Barnes in his recent book, "Physics of the Future", published by
  the ICR."

  An interesting idea, thought I, a Physics of the Future that is
  actually a Physics of the Past? I wondered what it was about modern
  physics that upset creationists so much. Physics seems so "clearly"
  factual -- even less dependent on historical and circumstantial
  evidence than evolution, for example. So I asked around a bit and
  got some interesting answers.

  The crux of the matter turns out to be the concept of relativism.
  Einstein proposed that when it comes to very great speeds, vast
  distances and super masses, classical (Newtonian) physics just
  won't work. In the universe, there is no favored frame of
  reference, e.g., measurement of the speed of light is independent
  of "any" reference point. This runs counter to our common sense
  because we live in a dimension circumscribed by short durations of
  time, tiny distances, and very slow speeds.

  That motion is relative comes not as a giant surprise when one
  thinks about it for awhile. We have all had the experience of
  waiting in a car at a stop light and doing a double-take when we
  hit the brakes, only to find that the car in the next lane was
  moving and we were stationary. What is "fixed" in the universe?
  What is moving relative to what? In short, there is no anchor; no
  "center" of the universe, no Valhalla, no Olympian mountain. Where
  in such a universe does one find the throne of God? If there is no
  center around which the rest of creation revolves, where does that
  place deity? Can God be someplace that has no unique spatial
  orientation or special significance?

  If this seem to be a rather unimportant consideration for your
  basic astrophysicist or cosmologist, fundamentalist are very much

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  troubled with it because it looms large in their theology. In a
  book written by creationist Robert Gentry ("Creation's Tiny
  Mystery"), he throws in an astounding proposal completely out of
  the context of his own book. He alleges he has formulated an
  adequate theory (which he does not divulge) which places the center
  of the universe 100,000 light years from earth! Naturally, that is
  the dwelling place of God, according to Gentry. Our own galaxy is
  about 100,000 LY in diameter, and earth is roughly 2/3 of the way
  from the center. Hence, Gentry places the center of the universe
  in or very near our own galaxy.

  Of course he could not have any natural theory about his
  preposterous conjecture -- it would have to be supernatural. (As
  soon as supernatural propositions are allowed to explain some
  phenomenon, anything goes. The imagination is the only limit.
  Supernaturalism is ok in theology but does violence to science.)
  Other reasons why creationists cannot countenance modern physics
  have nothing to do with physical laws or evidence: it has to do
  with doctrinaire, literal interpretations of the Bible --
  preferably the Authorized Version (King James).

  There are other implications of relativism that are equally dire:
  If relativism is apparent in the physical universe, what
  philosophic ideas might flow from it? A relativistic morality? A
  relativistic ethic? When fundamentalist congregations tire of the
  harangue on the satanic menace of communism and secular humanism
  the air can be freshened a bit with a tirade on the evils of
  Einsteinian physics. The moral decay of the world is due to satan's
  patron C. Darwin who taught us we "came from monkeys" and Einstein
  who instructed us that everything is relative. It makes life easier
  to have one's problems simple and well defined. But there is a
  third prong on the devil's pitchfork -- quantum mechanics.

  Quantum physics runs afoul of the fundamentalists because it
  asserts that, at the sub-atomic level, certain information cannot
  be determined with precision. This inability is not just a
  technological difficulty; i.e., if we only had finer, more precise
  instruments with which to measure more accurately there would be
  no problem -- it is a theoretical barrier that says the information
  is unobtainable no matter what precision is available.
  This idea is articulated in the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle
  (dubbed derisively the Heisenberg Unknowable Principle by
  creationists).

  To the creationists, this is anathema. It builds into the universe
  a degree of absolute "unknowableness" that leaves randomness in the
  purest sense at the heart of basal matter. Such a notion of
  randomness does not sit well in the mind of a strict
  constructionist determinist, and creationists are a heavy cut of
  determinist cloth. To a creationist, every leaf that falls, every
  hair of every head must be accounted for; indeed, the position and
  momentum of every particle in the universe, must be knowable,
  nothing left to chance. The entire course of the universe from
  alpha to omega has been predetermined by Jehovah down to the last

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  quark, according to the fundamentalists.

  Does evidence count? Only if the evidence "proves" that the Bible
  is literally true. Members of the Creation Research Society must
  pledge an oath of biblical inerrancy in order to be admitted to
  the ranks. One starts out knowing what the result must be, it only
  remains to cut and file the facts to make them fit. The poor
  "normal" scientist is hamstrung with natural laws and has to work
  in the dim light of uncertainty with only an occasional flash of
  brilliance, never seeing the entire picture.

  The creationists are thankfully not representative of the
  mainstream of Christianity, but they are militant and have an
  impact far beyond their numbers. The recent resounding defeat
  creationists suffered in the Supreme Court has not thwarted their
  resolve. In their determination to destroy science education, that
  defeat was only a minor skirmish in a Holy War. For human beings
  to advance, we must counter those who would use almost any means
  to stop the growth and expansion of knowledge. Awareness is the
  beginning.


  "There is no error to be named that has not its professors. " --
  Kipling


  MEMES: MENTAL PARASITES
  by H. Keith Henson

  The first half of this article discussed the concept of memes; that
  is, replicating information patterns. They, along with the humans
  they infest, and our communication channels, make up a memetic
  ecosystem (roughly equivalent to "culture"). Memes within this
  ecosystem can grow in influence or die out. Memes have a relation
  to people similar to the relation viruses have to cells.

  Most memes are either symbionts or at least harmless, but some are
  deadly to those they infect. It was proposed that our
  susceptibility to religious and parapsychological nonsense (often
  quite dangerous nonsense) is a side effect of evolved mental
  structures that have been so important in the success of humans
  that we cannot get by without them.

  Is there evidence for these mental structures? If so, why do they
  provide a supportive environment for memes that are potentially
  harmful? One such module was described by Michael Gazzaniga in "The
  Social Brain". He called this module "the interpreter." I think of
  it as an "inference engine." It is closely connected to our verbal
  abilities, but we are not normally aware of its activities, even
  in other people. Gazzaniga demonstrated the activity of this module
  with some very clever experiments on split-brain patients. By
  observing the module failing, we can clearly see how it is doing

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  the best it can with insufficient data.

  What Gazzaniga did is to present each side of the brain with a
  simple conceptual problem. The left side saw a picture of a claw,
  and the right side saw a picture of a snow scene. A variety of
  cards was place in front of the patient, who was asked to pick the
  card which went with what he saw. The correct answer for the left
  hemisphere was a picture of a chicken. For the right half-brain it
  was a show shovel.

  "After the two pictures are flashed to each half-brain, the
  subjects are required to point to the answers. A typical response
  is that of P.S., who pointed to the chicken with his right hand
  and the shovel with the left. After his response I asked him "Paul,
  why did you do that?" Paul looked up and without a moment's
  hesitation said from his left hemisphere, "Oh, that's easy. The
  chicken claw goes with the chicken and you need a shovel to clean
  out the chicken shed."

  "Here was the left-half brain having to explain why the left hand
  was pointing to a shovel when the only picture it saw was a claw.
  The left brain is not privy to what the right brain saw because of
  the brain's disconnection. Yet the patient's own body was doing
  something. Why was it doing that? Why was the left hand pointing
  to the shovel? The left-brain's cognitive system needed a theory
  and instantly supplied one that made sense given the information
  it had on this particular task . . . ."

  The inference engine was a milestone in our evolution. It works far
  more often than it fails. But, as you can see from the example, our
  inference engines will wring blood from a stone; you can count on
  them finding causal relations whether they exist or not. Worse yet,
  the inference engine is too simple to know when it lacks relevant
  data. Even if it did, it has no way to tell to the verbal
  (conscious) modules of our minds that it has constructed a shaky
  theory.

  Even more prone to errors, and harder to imagine how we could get
  along without it, is our ability to learn from others. This is THE
  critical factor that has allowed humans to occupy the widest
  ecological range of any animal. But as a side effect it makes us
  susceptible to all kinds of infectious nonsense, from astrology to
  Marxist economics to faith healers. Our censors of incoming
  information (which may lie in the same part of the brain as the
  inference engine) seem to use instant "plausibility" standards no
  better than the example given above.

  I suspect that the small fraction of us who consider ourselves
  skeptics are not much better off in this respect. I have noticed
  that Bob Steiner finds it no great effort to fool an audience of
  skeptics into making wildly incorrect assumptions with stage magic.
  It is our use of other memes (or meta-memes) such as the scientific
  method as tools to weed out non-reality beliefs that makes us
  successful skeptics.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  "Successful" memes (independent of utility OR of being rooted in
  reality) by definition infect a large number of people. Some induce
  the people they have infected to concerted action. A few of this
  class can be incredibly dangerous. What we call social or political
  movements and cults can be viewed as side effects of memetic
  epidemics, much as a fever is a side effect of an infection by a
  germ.

  Memes-as-infecting-agents provides an interesting way to view both
  current and historical events. The current clash between the Soviet
  empire and the western culture group can be viewed as a conflict
  for minds (meme turf) between the competition-intolerant mono-meme
  of communism and the western meta-meme of tolerance which emerged
  from the Renaissance.

  In this view, the ultimate (though unaware) protagonists of World
  War II were memes such as the Nazi "master race," and the Marxist-
  Leninist meme. And the gruesome self-inflicted genocide that swept
  Kampuchea in recent years can be considered a side effect of the
  spread of a particularly wild variant of the communist meme in an
  unusually receptive society.

  In spite of catastrophic effects on their host, selection against
  these memes can be a slow process. The Shakers persisted for close
  to a century in spite of their ban on having children. Really
  harmful memes of this class either die out or tend to evolve the
  same way parasites do; that is, they become helpful symbionts. This
  is clearly seen in the normal progression of cults to mainstream
  religions. Calvin (who had dozens of people executed over
  theological disputes) would hardly recognize Presbyterian memes
  three hundred years later.

  The development of cultural immune systems can progress much
  faster. Witness the backlash against the cultural revolution in
  China. CSICOP itself could certainly be considered as an element
  of a cultural immune system.

  One of the most difficult things about being a skeptic is
  continually being confronted in our literature, our meetings, and
  in life with "stupid" behavior in people who "should" know better.
  Memetics as a study may allow us to mentally think of
  susceptibility to memes (even those which threaten survival) as a
  quite different parameter from what we call intelligence. We may
  come to see having a belief in UFOs or ESP as bad luck, much like
  the bad luck of catching a cold. We do, after all, need some way
  to explain the wide variety of strange beliefs that infest many
  Mensa members.

  As a field, memetics is just getting started, so the speculations
  and conclusions in this article should be taken with a grain of
  salt. But an understanding of hard-to-avoid human susceptibilities
  and an ecosystem-like model of replicating information patterns
  that have no short-term interest in their host (and indeed no


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  consciousness at all) seems to go a long way in making irrational
  behavior understandable.

  One other thing to consider. Would a rational understanding of why
  and how people are parasitized by magical beliefs decrease the
  number who are infected with such memes? It is possible that
  memetics as a school topic could develop immunity to (or prompt
  avoidance of) whole classes of damaging memes in a way analogous
  to the way the germ theory of disease induces practices (don't
  drink ditchwater!) that contribute to good health. Does anyone want
  to run a large, long-term study and find out?


  WOOOOPS!

  Editor's retraction and apology! I suggested, in my September
  article on logic, that readers "send in their papers for grading"
  on the statement about statistical anomalies and psi. Well, good
  students that "BASIS" readers are, you did much better than that.
  BAS advisor ROBERT STEINER phoned me to point out an error not in
  the statement about psi, but about an assertion that I made that
  he just couldn't swallow.

  If the problems of parapsychology are intractable, the principles
  of logic are not: it is possible to resolve a matter and resolve
  it with a pleasing finality. My erroneous statement was, "If the
  premise is false and the argument ironclad, the falsity of the
  conclusion is guaranteed." In fact, if one begins with a false
  premise anything is possible. My error is a bad one because it
  involves a very elementary principle. My apologies to "BASIS"
  readers and my thanks to Bob for his astuteness; Steiner gets an
  A in Logic 101, and the teacher must repeat the course!


  SKEPTICS IN THE NEWS

  BAS board member SHAWN CARLSON has been making some headlines for
  skeptics in general and BAS in particular. Shawn has been
  interested for some time in the weeping icon phenomenon in which
  statues or paintings, typically of the Virgin, are thought to shed
  human tears. Iconoclast Carlson has used his background of physics
  and his personal ingenuity to make his own weeping pictures.

  A feature story in the "San Jose Mercury" begins with, "A Berkeley
  scientist has done for the Mona Lisa what some believers say God
  as done for certain religious icons: given a lifeless image the
  ability to cry." Although Shawn won't reveal (not even to skeptics)
  the method he uses to make his copy of Mona teary, he says it does
  not take a genius. And his Ms. Lisa can sob away for months.

  Of course Shawn does not suggest that the weeping picture of the
  Virgin in the Greek Orthodox church in Chicago to which throngs

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  are making a pilgrimage is a fake, but until skeptics are allowed
  to make a thorough investigation to rule out a material origin,
  common sense says that a supernatural explanation need not be
  entertained. To date, Archdiocese Bishop Isaiah and other officials
  think it would be "sacrilege" to turn over a religious object for
  testing. "How can the earthly examine the divine?" he said.

  Easy, Your Excellency. Just don't ASSUME it's divine before
  testing.


  ROBERT SHEAFFER, past Chair of BAS and UFO expert, appeared on
  Channel Two's "2 At Noon," a Bay Area news report. The segment
  lasted for about 20 minutes of the one hour live broadcast. The
  topic was, of course, UFOs, and Dr. James Harder, a U.C. Berkeley
  physicist was invited to present the pro side to the viewing
  public.

  Harder began his pitch by asserting that the evidence of an alien
  presence is overwhelming. Robert countered that if it is so
  overwhelming, why is Harder in such sharp disagreement with his
  professional colleagues? (Far less than 1% of the scientific
  community accepts Harder's "extraterrestrial hypothesis" for UFOs).
  Then Harder stated that sightings by those whose position require
  reporting (police, etc.) are above ridicule and they cannot be
  looking for publicity or money.

  Sheaffer reminded us that the average person reporting a UFO is
  not ipso facto a fraud or a liar. The fact that perception and
  recall of anomalous occurrences is complex and subjective is reason
  enough to be cautious about assigning a particular interpretation
  to the events.

  The show hosts had asked for letters from viewers who had UFO
  sightings. The letters with the best experience were selected and
  the writers contacted to have their stories re-enacted on video
  tape for airing and analysis on the show with the two guests. The
  first one shown was the most interesting. One Wayne Totter and some
  friends were on Mt. Tamalpias (one of the highest mountains in the
  Bay Area) near the top at noon on a clear day when they saw,
  approaching land from over the Pacific, a spherical UFO "with rings
  like Saturn."

  At one point, Totter said that numerous smaller craft seemed to
  exit the main vessel and hover in its vicinity. Then all of them
  began to descend, and just at the surface of the water, the smaller
  orbs re-entered the mother ship and all disappeared into the water.
  Harder responded that this was a typical report from what appeared
  to be lucid, normal, honest people; i.e., something that must be
  seriously considered.

  Sheaffer countered that here we have a momentous event of an
  alleged spacecraft entering a major population center at noon on
  a clear day and only one group of people claims to have seen it.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  What about all the people on the beach? The people at sea in the
  area where the craft entered the water? What about all the civilian
  and military controlled airspace that extends for miles out to sea?
  What about all the military surveillance equipment that dots the
  coast? "If a meteor were to pass over, it is observed and reported
  by thousands over a very large area," Sheaffer said.

  In what seemed almost a desperation attempt, Harder flatly asserted
  that the government is involved in a cover-up "to protect society
  from the fear of an alien invasion" and suggested that military
  intelligence has a payroll to fund UFO debunking, "to which Mr.
  Sheaffer would certainly deny any connection!" he taunted. With
  what we have come to know as Robert's characteristic aplomb, he
  countered, "Jim, if you find out about this bankroll, please let
  me know how to sign up, because I'm working on a shoestring!"

  It was not too long ago that there was not even any interest in
  balancing paranormal claims. In the Bay Area we are particularly
  fortunate to have skeptics who are expert and articulate. Thanks
  and congratulations to Robert and Shawn.


  While "BASIS" does not advertise, we like to pass along information
  that you might find valuable or interesting. For those interested
  in the creation/evolution debate, a new booklet is out, titled "The
  Other Quote Book" in answer to a recent creationist publication
  called "The Quote Book".

  Very often, evolutionary writing is the subject of creationist
  sifting for statement that can be made to say, out of context, that
  evolution is in disarray and falling.

  The book can be obtained by writing to: Dr. A. G. Wheeler, Dept.
  of Physiology, University of Queensland, St. Lucia, Queensland
  4067, Australia; cost is $9.00, which includes shipping and
  handling for air mail. U.S. checks are ok.


  HOW SCIENCE REJECTS A THEORY

  Astronomer Norm Sperling of the Chabot Observatory, Oakland, will
  address the October meeting of BAS.

  As science attempts to figure out how nature works, it proposes
  candidate paradigms to fit current data. An elegant and clever
  candidate paradigm that joins fragmentary data may turn out to
  include other surprising aspects. Often the proposer of such a
  candidate paradigm (if an individual) gains great prestige. This
  is the case with Darwinian evolution, Newtonian mechanics, and
  Einsteinian relativity. More often, an equally elegant and clever
  candidate paradigm fails -- that is, new data falsify it. Thus went
  Lockyer's meteoric hypothesis, for example.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  The discussion will delve into the history and philosophy of
  science, the meaning of "belief", pseudoscience, and human
  attitudes.

  Join BAS on Oct. 27 for this interesting topic from an interesting
  speaker.

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the October, 1987 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1987 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
