{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T11:01:34Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 67134, "source_ctime_ns": 1790249260787838667, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-08.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790249260773647005, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-08.pdf", "source_sha256": "8a656299f2fbd1eb4533ec3eb13b0b3082503cec4d6698f57b716124196527b5"}

--------------------------------------------------------
  August 1987 "BASIS", Newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  --------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 6, No. 8
              Editor: Kent Harker


  CREATIONISTS ATTACK SCIENCE EDUCATION

  [The following is a rebuttal written for The National Center for
  Science Education in response to a renewed attempt on the part of
  fundamentalist creationists to foist their conception of origins
  on the public schools. After a sound defeat in the courts they have
  simply turned their efforts in other directions. Used with
  permission of the NCSE.]

  Prominent scientists in several fields have joined with teachers
  to affirm that there is no room for dishonesty in science
  classrooms, and no room for fundamentalist religion disguised as
  science. Articles presenting the scientist's views and warnings
  appear in the new issues of "American Biology Teacher" and "The
  Science Teacher", two important journals for educators. Both
  articles denounce a religious organization's elaborate attack on
  science education. Both tell how the organization has used
  misrepresentation, misquotation, innuendo, false statements and
  other distortive devices to promote the political movement called
  creationism.

  Creationism is a fundamentalist political movement built on narrow
  biblical exegesis. Its political goals are broad, bold and almost
  universally underestimated by the public and the press.

  The originators of creationism, early in this century, sought
  specifically to suppress knowledge of biological evolution and to
  outlaw all discussion of that subject in public schools. Today's
  creationists have more extensive aims: They strive not only to
  eradicate knowledge of biological evolution but to bring all
  science education under religious control and censorship. They hope
  ultimately to evict much of modern science from the schools, and
  to replace it with a system of pseudoscience that conforms to the
  creation narratives and other episodes in the Bible.

  The organization whose campaign for creationism is condemned in
  "American Biology Teacher" and "The Science Teacher" calls itself
  the American Scientific Affiliation (ASA). It is actually a
  religious group. It accepts only Christians, and only those
  Christians who will declare that the Bible is the unerring word of
  God. It does not require that its members have professional
  training or experience in natural science.

  Several months ago, the ASA produced and elaborate, 48-page booklet


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  written explicitly for teachers, and then sent copies of the
  booklet to tens of thousands of teachers throughout the country.

  The booklet distorts various principles of science and
  misrepresents basic topics in paleontology, biology, zoology,
  anthropology and other disciplines. It depicts scientific findings
  about the history of life as flimsy speculations. It promotes
  classic creationist pseudoscience, and it urges teacher to convey
  that material to students. It also urges them to lead students into
  believing that science requires validation by popular culture and
  biblical religion.

  The response to this booklet in the new issue of "The Science
  Teacher" comprises nine short essays by outstanding scientists in
  the fields that the ASA has abused most conspicuously.

  An editorial introduction states two themes that recur prominently
  in the essays themselves. First: In trying to promote
  fundamentalist religion and denigrate science, the ASA writers use
  pseudoscience to encourage and exploit a popular belief that is
  simply false -- the notion that fossils provide the major evidence,
  or the only evidence, of evolutionary relationships among living
  things. ("That notion is wrong," the editor points out, "and it
  never has been right; it is a folktale, but the ASA writers affirm
  it..." Second: Although the ASA booklet is deceptive, it may seem
  respectable to lay people.

  Most of the essayists provide explanations of specific cases in
  which the booklet twists scientific concepts or misrepresents
  scientific literature. For example: Stephen Jay Gould, a
  paleontologist and evolutionary biologist at Harvard, analyzes as
  a "lamentable rhetorical trick" the ASA writers' misleading use of
  a sentence taken out of context that Gould published in "Natural
  History" two years ago.

  Creationists, Gould observes, "do not follow the norms of science
  or the traditions of fair and decent argument -- and must therefore
  be judged as ideologues, not as promoters of honorable pluralism
  in debate."

  Lynn Margulis, Professor of Biology at Boston U, ends her essay
  thus: "We must resist the ASA's charming booklet, for we can deduce
  from their own phrases that the writers are neither driven by
  intellectual curiosity nor concern with an accurate description of
  life on earth. They are committed to biblical religion, and they
  want to impose their values and beliefs on our biology students."

  Michael Ghiselin, a zoologist and historian of science at the
  California Academy of Science, concludes his essay in "The Science
  Teacher" with this declaration: "In science, right conduct consists
  of evaluating evidence honestly and according to the canons of
  scientific reasoning. To misrepresent the evidence and the criteria
  of judgment is not merely to provide misinformation; it is to set
  an example of dishonesty. Telling lies to naive and trusting young

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  persons is bad. Doing so for the purpose of proselytizing is
  worse."

  The response to the ASA's booklet in "American Biology Teacher"
  comes from William Mayer, Professor Emeritus of Biology at the
  University of Colorado. Mayer, who for many years has been a
  prominent defender of integrity in science education, begins by
  calling attention to the ASA's misleading name. Then he describes
  some of the methods by which the ASA writers have tried "to provide
  a veneer of scientific respectability for hyperorthodox Christian
  fundamentalism masquerading as science."

  These methods include, Mayer says, selecting information to support
  a preordained conclusion, misrepresenting the significance of the
  information selected, misrepresenting the nature of biological
  processes, and advancing "a series of non sequiturs and out-of-
  context quotes" to suggest that scientists know nothing at all
  about the origin of humans.

  Mayer observes that the ASA booklet has been written smoothly and
  with restraint, and that it differs in that way from much of the
  literature promoted by creationist groups.

  "Blatantly ridiculous assertions have been muted," he says, "but
  the basic issue is the same. Science that contradicts the
  literalist interpretation of the Bible must be 'corrected' and
  replace by a 'science' that is clandestinely based on revelatory
  supernaturalism.


  FOR THE RECORD

  The following anonymous letter was sent to BAS in response to the
  meeting in which a Dalmatian was to demonstrate knowledge of
  arithmetic. (See the June issue for the story.)

  "After seeing your club/group/ society, et al in action Thursday
  night, May 28th in Campbell may I state that in my opinion you/your
  group must feel that you have reached the highest peak of
  achievement by browbeating and overwhelming an animal -- a poor
  defenseless dog who was unable to answer you in kind.

  "In as much as this was premeditated and planned I am quite sure
  you all enjoyed leading the lamb/dog to slaughter.

  "I am sure this will go down in skeptics history as one of your
  greatest achievements.

  "My suggestion for your next challenge is a defanged rattlesnake,
  at least you would all have something in common. As for your
  gestapo leader I feel that he would be right at home running a
  crippled children's concentration camp.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  "May your goodly deeds go on forever."

  Editor's reply: I doubt that the author of this letter is a
  subscriber to "BASIS", so he/she will probably not see our
  response.

  It is important that the "BAS CHALLENGE" be properly understood by
  the public. We offer a challenge. The claimant offers his/her
  proof. The claimant comes to us -- this was the case with Mr. Todd
  -- not conversely. The $11,000 offer of our small group is not a
  great sum, but significant enough to make it count for putting our
  money where our collective mouths are, and large enough to hurt if
  it is lost.

  If the writer of the letter had HIS money on the line would he just
  fold his arms and smile, being careful not to offend anyone? It is
  a foregone conclusion that a true believer is going to be offended
  upon learning that his/her pet (no pun intended) notion will not
  stand up under scrutiny at least, or that arrant fraud is exposed
  at worst.

  In cases of our investigations, clear exhibitions must be presented
  to reveal the emptiness of a challenger's claim. There must be
  little room for doubt in the minds of the claimant and the
  observers that he/she has either successfully demonstrated the
  putative miracle or that there is no substance to it. There can be
  no middle ground. We cannot award $18.65 of the $11,000 for "pretty
  good."

  The charge that we "browbeat...a poor defenseless dog" is simply
  ludicrous. To be able to browbeat a dog is to accord it with as
  much anthropomorphism as Mr. Todd mistakenly does. The only
  negative reaction the animal seemed to exhibit was confusion.
  "Where is my beloved master?" he seemed to wonder. There was
  clearly some anxiety in the dog when he did not please his OWNER
  (he missed a couple of questions put to him by Mr. Todd). I don't
  think there was a person in the room who was not thoroughly charmed
  by this clever, devoted animal.

  But the dog was not being tested: Mr. Todd's CLAIM was the test.
  Would we have awarded the $11,000 to the dog for a successful
  demonstration? The only one that could be construed to have taken
  a beating was Mr. Todd, and he is neither poor nor defenseless. One
  must remember it was he who came to BAS to show us up and take our
  money. We believe him to be sincere -- sincerely mistaken. If he
  was embarrassed or beaten by the experience he knew beforehand what
  he was doing. He is an adult. He was asked some hard questions
  which would not have been difficult were his claim true. If asking
  tough questions and requiring solid evidence for a spectacular
  claim against $11,000 is too much heat then one ought not enter
  the arena. Tests of fantastic propositions are not for the faint-
  hearted.

  The only premeditation and planning was that we were confident

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  animals of the canine species are incapable of cognition. In fact,
  a preliminary test (which the meeting was) is quite UNstructured
  so as to allow the claimant to "do his thing." The really rigorous
  part comes after, and nobody as gotten that far.

  The epithets of "gestapo" and "concentration camps" do not deserve
  a rejoinder.

  In the final analysis, our challenge stands: successfully show a
  paranormal feat under controlled conditions and you take our money.
  Since it is our money, we set the conditions -- BUT THOSE
  CONDITIONS ARE EXPLAINED AND MUTUALLY AGREED UPON OUT FRONT. Then
  don't complain after the fact that it ain't fair.


  RAMPARTS

  [Ramparts is a regular feature of" BASIS, "and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your local
  scene and send them to the EDITOR. If you want to add some comment
  with the submission, please do so.]

  From the "S. F. Chronicle" we learn that the American Society of
  Dowsers is holding its annual convention on the grounds of U. C.
  Santa Cruz. The activities this year include classes to teach
  dowsing. Presumably if one learns how to dowse on the campus
  grounds of a major university it must be scientific. Pseudoscience
  is wont to throw rocks at the "establishment," but it sure likes
  to be as close as possible in hopes a little credibility will rub
  off.

  When there are no theories for some phenomenon, any idea is just
  fine. Most dowsers tell us there is some mysterious force
  associated with the underground "vein" that causes the witching
  rod to move. ASD officer Carl Bracy, however, says, "You have to
  ask very specific yes-no questions. You get a positive response or
  nothing."

  So, apparently, dowsing rods have mind and ears of their own. If
  you ask them wrong or vague questions they won't listen to you. Be
  careful the next time you pick up some ordinary-looking wire
  because it might be a CIA plant.

  In a demonstration for the "Chron" reporter, Bracy said
  confidently, "There's a stream right down there." as his rod
  quivered excitedly. After asking his stick a few more questions,
  it bobbed, dipped and shook to tell its master that the stream was
  about 110 feet deep. (One might sincerely ask what might happen
  with a moving stream of water eroding the ground out from under
  our very feet. Where would it flow from or to?)

  In a confusing -- and contradictory -- explanation Bracy continued,
  "It amounts to certain energies that everybody is born with, like

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  involuntary muscles like the heart."

  During one of the lessons, student Kate Workman of Aptos was
  unsuccessful in her attempts to find a nickel in the grass. "I must
  be asking the wrong questions. It [the rod] doesn't seem to go
  along well with my energies." She was observed later using less
  esoteric methods to hunt for the nickel: her eyes.

  Another officer of the group, Haney Blassingame, asserts he can
  find gold. He also disclosed that, "some dowsers secretly ask their
  sticks health questions, but most shy away from the topic because
  the AMA frowns on such discussions." Indeed, if the AMA catches you
  in a discussion with your divining stick they might well stick in
  a hand -- to help you into the office of your local shrink. On the
  other hand, they might hit the road for fear that it is contagious.

  Bracy's parting shot is a classic. "People come to me to find wells
  or underground streams because I've found them before. Of course,
  if you tell a well driller to drill in one spot and he doesn't find
  anything, you can be bad-mouthed for a long time."


  The "San Jose Mercury" reports, in a feature article, that one
  CHUCK MIGNOSA, a MAGICIAN, made a 26-mile drive to Palo Alto on
  the El Camino at noon. Blindfolded and hooded. (For readers in
  other areas, the El Camino is a major street, with frequent stop
  lights, that goes all the way down the S. F. peninsula.) Why is
  this newsworthy for Ramparts? Just because it is so rare to find
  the truth.

  Mignosa does not make paranormal claims for the cleverness of his
  feat. In a refreshing tribute to the craft of sleight-of-hand,
  Chuck explains, "I realized I could use magic to help people
  experience something other than words. Magic gives you permission
  to let the child inside you come out and play. It opens up a little
  crack -- to see that maybe there is more to life than what you
  see." Another magician in the hub-hub added, "As many grains of
  sand as there are in the world, that's how many ways there are to
  fool you."

  It is fun to be fooled when you are told you are being fooled by
  honest practitioners.

  There are several psychics who do the same stunt claiming the feat
  is proof of their paranormal powers. Are you listening, psychics?


  The "Sacramento Union" reports that one JOSE BUGARIN, known as
  "Brother Joe" to his admirers has been charged with practicing
  medicine without a license and fraudulently treating cancer
  patients. His attorney said, "He's no different than Billy Graham.
  This...appears to be a witch hunt; a case of religious
  persecution."


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  It's a good thing the attorney didn't say Brother Joe is no
  different than W. V. Grant, which probably would be closer to the
  truth (see the July issue of "BASIS" for the Grant story). In any
  event, the Board of Medical Quality Assurance conducted a sting
  operation, and Joe made the mistake of pulling chicken livers from
  a healthy officer of the BMQA in an unspectacular psychic surgery
  attempt.

  The undaunted Bugarin called upon his many satisfied customers to
  come forth to testify of his many psychic gifts, which, of course,
  has nothing to do with the case. He probably did the real thing
  with all those other people and just fudged on this one case with
  those nasty people at the BMQA.

  But he has learned how well it works to divert attention from the
  clear distortion of reality by calling for "validations," as they
  are know in the craft. Faith healer W. V. Grant used almost the
  same words, as does a well-known Bay Area psychic. Joe only charges
  $180 (of course he doesn't have to pay for all that expensive and
  useless hospital equipment) for a complete surgery visit, and his
  patients don't have those disfiguring scars you get charged $58,000
  for by your local sawbones. The post-op recovery is also much
  easier: rinse the red dye off your cardigan.


  The redoubtable "San Jose Mercury" picked up a story from a court
  in New Orleans in which a couple of aerospace engineers filed suit
  against Oral Roberts. "Their suit insists that he prove his faith-
  healing powers and his declared conversations with God or be
  ordered to air a disclaimer. The public needs protection against
  religious corporations that are perpetrating financial rape across
  America."

  Hear hear. We should soon expect to hear cries of religious
  persecution by those most odious of all scoundrels, secular
  humanists.


  UFOs: THE LATEST FINDINGS
  by Don Henvick

  San Francisco. Mid-April. Just got back from CSICOP conference in
  Los Angeles and I thought I'd check out the Whole Life Expo. Sarah
  Meric of Southern California Skeptics is in town, so we make it a
  joint BAS/SCS project.

  The booths and stuff are fun and I get on everyone's free mailing
  list, but the real attraction is a panel discussion called "UFOs -
  - the Latest Findings." Sounds good. Maybe we can pick up some good
  stuff on the JAL case or give Robert Sheaffer something to check
  out, so we troop over to the Sheraton Ballroom to hear the New Age
  UFO pitch, along with maybe 800 other people. (About what BAS
  meetings draw, right?)

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  We settle down to listen and it turns out these UFOlogists are
  contactees and fellow travelers. Author Brad Steiger is presiding,
  so you know we have gone over the edge.

  First up, a couple explain how they shine lights on the Crystal
  Skull (a computer from Atlantis) and see pictures of UFOs therein.

  Not good enough? Okay, how about the guy who says the Star People
  are bringing Sasquatches to earth for vacations. More? A guy from
  L.A. says his group is working from Star People blueprints and
  busily constructing anti-gravity machines and interdimensional time
  drives.

  Why haven't we been told this stuff before?

  I like the guy who says he can see the UFOlks just fine but they
  won't appear to the rest of the world because it's not vibrating
  at a high enough frequency. Hey, I'm vibrating so fast my fillings
  are shaking loose. The rest of you are slacking off.

  Our favorite is coming up. Dr. Fred Bell has been schmoozing with
  extraterrestrials for a hell of a long time and asks for a
  volunteer willing to take poison in order to demonstrate alien
  technology. Naturally, I raise my hand.

  Up on the stage, he has me hold my arm out straight while he pushes
  down on it near the elbow to check my strength. Yes, the old
  muscle-testing scam. Now it's poison time. He whips out a tube of
  airplane glue and wants me to take a deep breath. I give him my
  best you-gotta-be-kidding look, but he AIN'T kidding. Well, I did
  volunteer. So I open one nostril, take a sniff, close my eyes and
  think of the Skeptics. As my brain cells begin to die from the
  fumes, Bell grabs my arm, near the wrist this time, and easily
  pushes it down.

  Astounding. The Star People have discovered the principle of the
  lever. Can the wheel be far behind?

  Bell now whips out zillions of years of technological development
  in the form of The Amazing Nuclear Receptor. Looks like a cheap
  necklace to me -- but in my present dilapidated condition, what do
  I know? The Receptor goes around my neck and Bell demonstrates that
  because of it, now he can't push my arm down. One reason for this
  might be that he's pushing SIDEWAYS! In fact, his shoving keeps ME
  from pushing my own arm down. The Receptor has made me stronger
  than I realized.

  I am so dazzled by this flim-flam (and stupefied by the airplane
  glue) that I stumble back to my seat, shaking my head.

  Does anybody actually believe this stuff? Even the panelists, when
  they had finished their own bits, looked like they were biting
  their lips to keep from laughing at the OTHER guys on the panel.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  I did learn something useful, however. It was announced that one
  particular date this summer is the last day of the ninth hell of
  the Mayan calendar -- when life as we know it will end and the
  world will step into the unknown.

  The date they mentioned happens to be my birthday. Should be one
  hell of a party.


  CHANGES, CHANGES

  It is said that nothing is so constant as change, and there have
  been some changes around here.

  "BASIS" itself has undergone some obvious modifications, due in
  part to a new laser system but mostly to the much-appreciated eyes
  of our readers and LA CENTRA ADVERTISING, a Palo Alto professional
  graphics company. The president, BRUCE LA CENTRA has donated his
  own time and talents as well as those of his layout artist, PAT.
  They have other ideas in the works for which we anxiously wait.
  Readers' comments are always welcome, and more often than not,
  incorporated.

  The leadership of BAS has changed. Erstwhile Chair Robert Sheaffer
  is writing a new UFO book, writing for the "Skeptical Inquirer",
  trying to raise a family in a new home he is fixing up, and
  advancing in his professional career. He could no longer devote
  the quality of time we have come to rely on. It was Bob Steiner,
  together with Robert whose energy and vision worked to co-found
  BAS. Our great thanks are extended to Robert Sheaffer for his
  selfless contribution of time, energy and money to the cause.
  Thanks, Robert.

  Our new Chair, LARRY LOEBIG, is no stranger to BAS: he has served
  as Vice Chair under Robert; Larry is full of ideas and enthusiasm.
  Steiner and Sheaffer are big shoes to fill, but Larry is certainly
  up to the task. Mark Hodes, a stalwart man will now stand behind
  Larry as Vice Chair. It's a one-two punch.

  Two new board members were appointed to replace those whose time
  and efforts have helped build a strong group. YVES BARBERO, a
  frequent contributor to the pages of "BASIS" and a thoroughly
  dependable man-in-the-trenches, will put his hand with SHAWN
  CARLSON, a U. C. Berkeley Ph.D. candidate to help us. Shawn has
  published some of the most penetrating and disturbing -- to
  astrologers -- analyses of astrology to date.

  SHARON CRAWFORD, who has been giving valuable assistance in rewrite
  deserves more credit for the help she renders. She will be working
  more closely with me and will have a greater voice in the material
  for the newsletter. She brings a desirable different viewpoint,
  excellent skills and experience.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  There is a new determination and vigor in the Board to concentrate
  our efforts more effectively to help stem the tide of
  irrationality. Again, thanks to the outgoing, and congratulations
  and welcome to the new guard. -- Ed.


  FIRE ENGINE STORIES
  by Yves Barbero

  When I was fairly young and making my first Holy Communion, an
  elderly priest told a group of us the following story.

  "A young lad made a good confession prior to taking Communion, that
  is, he didn't hold anything back and his heart was pure (how the
  priest knew the lad's heart was pure, I can't guess). On his way
  out of the church, he was fatally struck by a speeding fire truck
  ...and went straight to heaven."

  In my later years, I asked myself if it really happened or if it
  was just allegorical.

  I decided it probably didn't happen -- the priest had heard some
  version of it in his childhood. Maybe at the time, it was a milk
  wagon (I was pretty young and he was pretty old) and it got updated
  in the priest's mind.

  I'm not saying that the priest lied. In fact, I think he was quite
  sincere and undoubtedly pious. His need to get a point across to
  the seven-and-eight-year-old children in the church and a vague
  recollection of a story he heard in his childhood mixed to form
  this Fire Engine story.

  Although this is a crude example, the phenomenon should jog the
  memory of each of us. Who of us has not changed a story around,
  played with the dialogue a bit -- kind of smoothed out the edges,
  if you will, to get his/her point across? Again, we're not exactly
  lying and if we're intellectually careless, we may not even be
  aware that we're doing it.

  It's the rare saint among us who has not done it.

  To carry this observation over to literature, one of the
  differences between a good yarn and a literary portrait is that in
  a good yarn (such as a popular detective novel or a science-fiction
  story), the hero will always discover the truth and things will in
  general fit nicely (unlike the real world). In a literary portrait,
  the hero may be larger than life but the situation resembles
  realism.

  Without getting into the many nuances of what constitutes good
  literature, it's safe to say that the author who can distinguish
  between a wishful-thinking fantasy and (at least his idea of)


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  realism has got a leg-up over his rivals. Indeed, the clever writer
  will combine a stark realistic background with a larger-than-life
  hero.

  John LeCarre's Smiley immediately comes to mind.

  It is a difficult thing to do in literature, which is why Mr.
  LeCarre is paid so well. Can we expect the person with a sincere
  heart but no training to keep his/her mental hygiene continuously
  on to avoid telling Fire Engine stories?

  If we extend the phenomenon to the world of the psychic believer,
  we can readily explain why so many practitioners genuinely think
  they're on the right track.

  Suppose psychic John Smith hears a story from follower Mary Adams
  about how she feels vibrations every time she passes her dead
  husband's favorite chair. Since it falls into his belief system the
  story becomes real for him and he mistakes it for the truth; that
  is, he mistakes it for an observed phenomenon. It becomes a Fire
  Engine story.

  Unlike the writer, he has no motive to question it. He's not trying
  to present an accurate picture of the world (or even trying to
  create a deliberate fantasy -- the kind good writers of fantasy
  share with their readers) but a picture which fits into a pre-
  existing framework. Unlike science, for instance, the belief-system
  exists first and the observations are made to fit like a glove and
  may be unconsciously tailored.

  In fact, some might think it ironic that the writer of fiction
  turns out to be more realistic than the psychic, because even when
  he deliberately writes fantasy, there is an understanding between
  him and the reader that the work is fiction and only to be enjoyed,
  not believed.

  Modern science has made it possible for us to understand the
  universe without the heavy-handed structures of the past. This is
  not to say that we have all the answers, or even most of them, or
  that it's going to be simple.

  But why hold on to the leaden notions of the past, trying to make
  them work by creating clever Fire Engine stories?


  UFO UPDATE
  by Robert Sheaffer

  UFOs have been in the news a lot lately, and, as usual, much of
  what is reported is wildly unreliable. Let me at least stick one
  finger in the dike in an attempt to stem the tide of nonsense.

  Many (in the Bay Area, at least) saw a TV program this past March

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  19 titled "The UFO Experience". This was obviously a re-run of
  tired old trash: several of the people interviewed in the show have
  been dead a few years.

  What they didn't tell us about the cases pronounced to be
  "unexplained" is that many of them were indeed explained by Philip
  J. Klass in his latest book "UFOs: The Public Deceived". (Great
  news: Phil is busily at work on an all-new book, debunking some of
  the currently fashionable UFO nonsense. It'll be brought out by
  Prometheus early next year.)

  The narrator's assertion that these allegedly unexplained cases
  are so strong that "scientists who dismiss UFOs are simply unable
  to refute them" is blatantly false: Nearly all of them are
  explained in either "UFOs - The Public Deceived" or "The UFO
  Verdict". What gave me the best laugh from this show was the
  backdrop for the narrator, supposedly a photographic darkroom with
  pictures of unexplained objects hung up, as if to dry. One of them
  was my own photo hoax, the Banana-split ice cream dish UFO: it's
  Plate 10 in my book, "The UFO Verdict"!

  You may have seen the newspaper articles proclaiming that UFOs had
  been sighted by National Guardsmen and others in Alaska this past
  March 17. One observer described it as "bigger than a jetliner."
  Another said the object had "a cloud of smoke thrusting downward
  with one red and one white light." Yet a third described it as "the
  size of two football fields with three lights on the side and an
  egg-shaped cloud around it." James E. Oberg, noted space author
  and CSICOP Fellow, looked into this one, and identified it
  conclusively as the launch of the Kosmos 1833 satellite by a
  powerful new Soviet booster rocket.

  What about those size estimates by the observers? What about those
  colored lights, and the other details? Active imaginations, I'm
  afraid. The experience of 40 fruitless years of UFO reports is
  clear: You just CAN'T take eyewitness accounts at face value. Ask
  any investigator of auto accidents.

  Finally, I'm sure that by now many have heard about the alleged
  "secret government document" which supposedly confirms the crash
  of a flying saucer near Roswell, New Mexico in July, 1947, and the
  recovery of the bodies of dead aliens. The document also talks
  about "MJ-12," or the "Majestic 12" (apparently something like "The
  Magnificent 7"), key people involved in investigating the alleged
  saucer crashes. One of them was supposed to be Dr. Donald Menzel
  himself, arch UFO skeptic at the time.

  The "secret document" was allegedly received in a proverbial plain
  brown envelope by one UFOlogist who claims he has no idea who sent
  it. It could have been faked by anyone with a typewriter and a
  camera. When ABC News showed this "document" to the contacts they
  use at various government agencies, all of them pronounced it a
  fraud. Ted Koppel was NOT impressed by it.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  Worse yet, the document lists the supposed MJ-12 members as of the
  fall of 1952, and EVERY ONE OF THEM HAS SINCE DIED. What are the
  odds against this? Take a random group of twelve respected
  scientists and government officials in 1952; what are the odds that
  all twelve would be dead thirty-five years later?

  Contrast this with the then-secret "Robertson Panel" of scientists
  which was convened by the CIA a few months later to inquire into
  UFO reports, and whose proceedings have since been declassified.
  ("Nothing to it" was their conclusion.) It had fewer members --only
  ten -- yet I know that at least three of the ten are still alive,
  and several of the others I'm not sure about. (One of these panel
  members was none other than Berkeley's Luis Alvarez,
  physicist extraordinaire, slayer of dinosaurs, and respected
  Advisor to the Bay Area Skeptics. Other still-living members of
  that panel are Thornton Page of NASA, and Fred Durant of the
  Smithsonian.) It strikes me that this "secret document" must have
  been composed much later than the date it bears, and the fictitious
  "MJ-12" group was populated with people who are all safely dead in
  1987.

  Another interesting question to ponder: if a saucer crashed in
  1947, and the government confiscated the bodies of aliens, why
  would the CIA convene a secret panel of top scientists in 1953 to
  try to find out what, if anything, UFO sightings represent?

  In spite of all the hoopla, and the promises of fantastic
  revelations, the National UFO Conference held in Burbank in June
  reported disappointing attendance, and probably lost money for its
  promoters. No smoking gun has yet been produced -- at least, no
  convincing one -- and the news media is now concentrating its
  attention on the testimony of Oliver North instead of on alleged
  saucer crashes.

  The Great UFO Brouhaha of 1987 is now apparently over. In its wake,
  UFOlogy has been inextricably linked in the public's mind with wild
  claims of dead aliens in pickle jars, and with exceedingly
  implausible alien abductions replete with highly-Freudian sexual
  overtones. This will make it harder than ever for UFOlogists to get
  the respectability they so desperately seek, but have not earned.


  FROM THE CHAIR
  by Larry Loebig

  I would like to thank Robert Steiner and Robert Sheaffer, past
  Chairs of Bay Area Skeptics, for the excellent job they have done,
  and in advance, for all they will do for us in the future. Thanks
  also to Terence Sandbeck for his contributions; and welcome Shawn
  Carlson and Yves Barbero to the Board of Directors. I would also
  like to welcome Sharon Crawford, our new Associate Editor of
  "BASIS".


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  Robert Steiner has recently achieved a long-standing goal: he is
  President-Elect for the Society of American Magicians. He will
  officially begin serving his term in July of 1988.

  Recently I have been traveling -- not exotic places, I assure you.
  Somehow Bay Area Skeptics pops up in conversations and inevitably
  a copy of "BASIS" is handed out or the La Truth Line telephone
  number is communicated.

  From some people's reactions I get the distinct impression we
  appear, on first impression at least, to be somewhat frivolous.

  Testing dogs?

  Yes! Specifically a dog whose owner claims he would publicly
  demonstrate incredible powers in near-test conditions. The Amazing
  Dalmatian, named Sonny, would not only recognize numbers, but would
  perform arithmetic calculations -- not just the simple stuff, but
  higher mathematics. As long as the answer was between one and ten.

  Furthermore, said pooch would perform these marvels faster than a
  human could, even if the human used an electronic calculator. If
  the dog were to fail, a fifty dollar reward would be offered. And
  may I point out, not one skeptic stepped forward with or without
  calculator to take up the challenge for the fifty dollars.

  At the meeting we learned the dog is in touch with the great Harry
  Houdini. On Command, said dog was to answer questions directed to
  the great departed magician and escape artist: responses would,
  however, be limited to questions which could be answered with a
  simple yes or no, appropriately barked out.

  If you are still with me you will admit this is a difficult
  position from which to sound credible.

  In defense of the skeptics let me say the dog was charismatic.

  At one time P. T. Barnum could have filled a large auditorium with
  paying customers, displaying an act no less exotic than, IN PERSON
  ... ONE NIGHT ONLY ... LIVE ON STAGE ... Canine Mathematician
  communicates with famous dead wizards!

  At this point I was asked, "What is your next meeting?"

  "Witchcraft." I replied.

  This month's Bay Area organization in the spotlight is:

      Spiritual Rights Foundation Inc.
      Box 39, 2550 Shattuck Avenue
      Berkeley, CA 94704

  a non-profit organization devoted to promoting and demonstrating
  psychic ability. They publish a monthly newsletter and sponsor the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
  activities of the Academy for Psychic Studies. Send for a free copy
  of their informative and revealing newsletter. Classes and services
  for clairvoyance and psychic healing are offered and all are
  encouraged to attend.

  Here is a sample: "INTENSIVE CLAIRVOYANT TRAINING PROGRAM: For the
  Sincere only! This training leads you through the practical use and
  development of your psychic abilities to a kindergarten state of
  mind..."

  Most education takes one in the other direction. That says it all.


  BAY AREA SKEPTICS PICNIC
  Sesquicentennial Celebration

  On Sunday, August 16, the Bay Area Skeptics will celebrate the
  sesquicentennial of the birth of Johannes Diderik Van Der Waals,
  who in 1910 was awarded the Nobel prize in physics for his work on
  hot air. This achievement was most remarkable because Van Der
  Waals, being Dutch, never served in the U.S. Senate.

  The picnic will be from noon to five p.m. at Juana Briones Park,
  corner of Arastradero Road and Clemo in Palo Alto. This is your
  opportunity to share conversation and gluttony with the Bay Area
  Skeptics. Spouses, kids, and friends are most welcome. Bring a main
  course for yourself and a salad, beverage, or dessert to share. A
  barbecue will be available. See the Calendar for directions.

  There will be some magic demonstrations for the kids (and the kid
  in the rest of us). COME!


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the August, 1987 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1987 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:52]
