{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T12:39:06Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 70796, "source_ctime_ns": 1790290795189965616, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-01.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790290795068496593, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "8d6194734a374e3d10e793c18b91e2c15d5f41d6c64abd0488aee1e652208112"}

---------------------------------------------------------
  January 1988 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ---------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 7, No. 1
              Editor: Kent Harker


  PSY-COP
  by Laura Hagar

  [I think most "BASIS" readers are interested in the personalities
  as well as the accomplishments of BAS board members, modesty
  notwithstanding. Ms. Hagar did a report on out illustrious SHAWN
  CARLSON, which was first published in Express, a Berkeley paper,
  and she has given permission to run it here. -- Ed.]

  Shawn Carlson is a maker of miracles.

  In the cluttered living room of a run-down apartment in West
  Berkeley, he sits in a battered chair looking proudly at an old
  print of the "Mona Lisa." It's not a particularly good
  reproduction, too dark and a bit blurry, but it has a mystery all
  its own, a mystery that has nothing to do with the secret smile or
  the identity of the model. As I watch, tears well up in the
  painting's eyes and spill down the canvas.

  Carlson, who is working on his PhD in particle physics at UC
  Berkeley, sits back and crosses his arms, smiling broadly at his
  creation. At 27, he is one of the most active and controversial
  members of BAS, a group dedicated to the scientific investigation
  of paranormal claims. The weeping "Mona Lisa" is Carlson's attempt
  to duplicate the supposedly miraculous phenomenon known as crying
  icons.

  "Crying icons," he explains, "are paintings or statues of saints
  or Madonnas that seem to weep human tears or blood. I first learned
  about the phenomenon years ago from a friend who was a Russian
  Orthodox seminarian. He said there was no rational explanation for
  them and that it was a miraculous sign from God. I thought to
  myself, well, it could be a miracle, but it could be also very well
  be something else. I decided to find out what.

  "It took me only ten minutes to figure out how to duplicate the
  icon. I made a rough model, then pretty much forgot about it until
  last December, when I heard a report on television about a supposed
  religious miracle in Chicago. Three hundred thousand people flocked
  to this small Albanian Greek Orthodox Church to witness a picture
  of the Virgin Mary weeping. When I saw how seriously all these
  people were taking it, I was stunned. They thought they were
  witnessing a REAL miracle."


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  The church didn't acknowledge his letter or the letters of several
  other scientific groups that made similar requests. "So," Carlson
  Says, "I set out to make a demonstration to prove that their icon
  might indeed not be a miracle. I used the method I'd come up with
  years before to make a picture of the `Mona Lisa' cry."

  Carlson in now attempting to patent his icon, and won't reveal the
  details of the process, but he says the procedure is a simple one,
  using natural ingredients and technologies that have been available
  for hundreds of years. He is already dreaming of its commercial
  applications.

  "I'm thinking of it mostly as a novelty item. You know, tacky
  living room paintings with running waterfalls or portraits of a
  weeping Tammy Faye Bakker with running mascara...."

  Commercial applications for the work of a Bay Area Skeptic are
  rare, however. For the most part, the skeptics are involved in a
  serious hobby; theirs is a singular passion. In the past they have
  investigated such mysteries as UFOs, psychic phenomena, faith
  healing, and reincarnation.

  "Contrary to what a lot of people think," Carlson explains, "the
  Bay Area Skeptics is not an organization hell bent on debunking.
  Real skeptics are not cynics. We have some cynics in our group, of
  course (people who wouldn't believe in a UFO if it landed in their
  back yard, who wouldn't believe in Bigfoot if it walked up to them
  in broad daylight and ate their lunch) but they're not the
  majority.

  "A real skeptic is open-minded. A skeptics says, `I'm willing to
  believe absolutely anything, but you've got to give me good reason.
  Not anecdotal evidence, but a good reason, hard evidence. The type
  of evidence I would require for anything else.'"

  Carlson thinks that the reason most people believe in paranormal
  phenomena is that they have had some kind of personal experience
  that they can't explain. "The problem is most people are not
  sufficiently trained in the methods of skeptical inquiry. They
  don't know how to evaluate these experiences. Human beings are
  basically lousy observers. We don't observe or we `mis-remember'
  critical facts, and we tend not to see things that are inconsistent
  with our world view. This is the same reason, I think, why the
  claims of psychics and astrologers are accepted uncritically by so
  many millions of people."

  "I didn't make the icon to insult any one's religious faith," he
  adds. "I just wanted to show that you can't just accept these
  events as miraculous because many times what appears to be a
  miracle at first glance has a perfectly rational explanation. The
  only way you can tell whether or not a miracle is real is to
  investigate it, and rule out all the known natural explanations.
  But the Orthodox Church claims that to even question a miracle is
  to blaspheme Christ."

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  "According to the Bible," Carlson adds tersely, "it is blasphemy
  to believe in a FALSE miracle."

  Carlson is not religious in any conventional sense. Though he knows
  his Bible tolerably well, he seems to have learned it for the
  purpose of argument rather than faith. Ironically, he looks much
  like a portrait of a medieval saint. He is slender, blond, and
  pale, with fine chiseled features and a thin ascetic mouth. Like
  the saints, Carlson's eyes burn with fervor, but like the
  enlightened philosophers he admires, his passion is for reason, not
  for God.

  "I don't like to talk about science with a capitol `S'," he says,
  going on to talk about it that way nonetheless. He is a Scientist
  the way some people are Artists, and he talks about science as I
  imagine 19th century historians talked about Manifest Destiny as
  if it were an invisible force moving through history, massive,
  unyielding, and inevitable.

  Yet in spite of his love for reason and science, or perhaps because
  of it, Carl son has always felt drawn towards the supernatural and
  mysterious. "When I was younger, I read a lot about the occult and
  did psychic experiments with my friends. I was interested in it in
  a very experimental way. I wanted to know, for instance, if
  paranormal abilities existed, how could you test for them?" Carlson
  began studying stage magic at the age of twelve and at sixteen left
  home to work as a street magician on the streets of Venice,
  California. He still studies stage magic on the side, and
  sometimes, as he talks, a coin flashes between his fingers,
  disappearing and reappearing in his expert palm.

  The weeping "Mona Lisa" is not Carlson's first foray into skeptical
  inquiry. He received worldwide attention in 1985 for his
  experimental test of astrology. The results of that test, published
  in "Nature" (Dec. 1985), proved what the scientific community
  suspected all along: Astrology does not work.

  Surprisingly, Carlson began his astrology experiment almost by
  accident, as the result of a dare made by one of his professors.

  "We were discussing the problems of testing psychic phenomena, when
  he said that the problem with this stuff was that it couldn't be
  tested. Astrology, for instance, he said, couldn't be tested. Now,
  that seemed to me to be really absurd. After all astrologers make
  definite claims about what their abilities are. You ought to be
  able to test those. So my professor challenged me to go home and
  create a test of astrology."

  "[After the test that debunked astrology] the astrologers were not
  happy. After all, astrology is a very big business. It's estimated
  that money spent for counseling alone is a hundred million dollars
  a year. After I published my results, I was immediately libeled by
  several astrological publications, I was accused of all sorts of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  professional and personal improprieties, all of which were
  completely without foundation. They accused me of lying about my
  data, of altering the results after I'd gotten them so as to make
  the astrologers look bad. They now refer to me by putting quotes
  around the word `scientist,' as if I don't qualify.

  "The question is really one of consumer advocacy: Can the
  astrologers provide the services they're charging for? The answer,
  I think, is obviously not. This is especially important because so
  many people take astrologers' advice so seriously. They alter their
  life's course based on the advice of astrologers: People decide to
  get married or not; they decide to move; they decide what career
  to take; how many children to have and when they should have them.
  All sorts of things of fundamental importance. All we demanded was
  evidence that astrologers could do what they claimed, but the fact
  is astrologers have never been able to show anyone that they can
  do what they claim. This is essentially my message. They can't do
  it. Stay away from them."

  There is a fervor in Carlson's voice as he says this. He leans
  forward in his chair, his words clipped and forceful. Though we are
  alone in the room, he speaks as if he is talking to an audience.
  His tone is commanding; his voice resonates with paternal concern.

  Carlson says, "I don't feel any kind of disdain for people who
  believe in astrology or faith healers or trance channelers. I just
  think the whole thing is very sad, because most of these people are
  very sincere. They are, in their own way, seeking for truth. I
  think they're misguided, of course. Maybe, in the heat of passion,
  I say, `Argh, these idiots!' but when I calm down, what I really
  feel is sorrow."

  Like all skeptics, Carlson wishes that the public would learn to
  be more skeptical. He hopes his efforts will inspire people to be
  more critical of claims of the paranormal.

  "It is part of our job as skeptics to educate the public, and to
  alert them to fraud, especially when it involves the public health.
  But people should learn to be more skeptical themselves. The Bay
  Area Skeptics are working towards the day when people will no
  longer fall prey to ancient superstition, New Age fads, and
  charlatanism."


  SOMETHING'S FISHY
  by Ronnie Hastings, Ph.D.

  [Note: For those unfamiliar with the creation/evolution debate, the
  so-called scientific creationists are ever busy trying to establish
  creationism by finding flaws in evolutionary theory. This seems to
  be easier for them since they have no evidence for creationism, so
  they count evidence against evolution as a case for their notions.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  One way to falsify the evolutionary timetable would be to find
  material out of place; e.g., a human bone contemporaneous with
  dinosaur bones. Reverend Carl Baugh is a tireless worker in this
  endeavor, laboring year in and out in the Glenn Rose, Texas area
  in hopes of finding such evidence.

  The following article appeared in the "North Texas Skeptic". --Ed.]

  In what must be seen as a pleasant surprise, Rev. Carl Baugh, of
  recent "Glen Rose Man" fame, found a "human" tooth and took it to
  the Balcones Lab near Austin for identification in early July,
  1987. Rarely does Baugh behave so scientifically, so this action
  alone is to his credit. But his trip probably is indicative of his
  supreme confidence that he has a genuine human tooth from
  Cretaceous deposits, a piece of evidence that would at last topple
  evolution as his man-tracks so miserably failed to do by turning
  out not to be man-tracks at all. Unfortunately for Baugh, once
  again, his evidence does not seem to merit such confidence.

  Communication from paleontologist Wann Langston, Jr. states that
  the other fossilized teeth Baugh brought in addition to the "human"
  tooth were clearly grinding teeth of pycnodonts, Mesozoic bony
  fishes related to modern gars and bowfins. Worn-down incisors of
  pycnodonts, having a couple of cusps, would indeed have a
  superficial resemblance to human dentition in the eyes of the
  zealous and uninformed; his "human" tooth is most likely such an
  incisor.

  Remains of the pycnodonts have been found in the lower Cretaceous
  deposits of central Texas and, though long known, have not been
  widely studied. It is also known that Cretaceous precursors of the
  modern sheepshead fish had broad incisors. Such remains in the Glen
  Rose limestone are compatible with the well-known lower Cretaceous
  ecology of a large, flat marine tidal basin upon which the
  dinosaurs trod at low tide. Baugh's new teeth were allegedly found
  in a marl layer covering a limestone deposit preserving
  unmistakable dinosaur prints (the same layer in which Baugh claims
  man-tracks, rather featureless isolated depressions alongside
  dinosaur trails, some of which were probably made by the dinosaur's
  tail or other appendage).

  As the Nebraska Man tooth turned out to be a pig's tooth, it looks
  as if "Glen Rose Man" will turn out to be a fish's tooth.

  Apparently Baugh had other "out-of-order" fossil samples allegedly
  from the same marl layer, but there is no indication that he left
  them at the laboratory to be identified.


  THE GELLER DEFECT

  Uri Geller is thoroughly entrenched in the fabric of society. This
  shock was brought about by an article that appeared in a

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  professional journal, "International Mining".

  Uri formed a mineral exploration group known as Uri Geller
  Associates (UGA) in London comprised of professional engineers and
  geologists from around the world. (A little enlightenment about
  this later.)

  In what can only be described as stark naivete, the author gushes,
  "What is certain is that he possesses powers that can only be
  described as amazing, that volumes of learned scientific papers
  have been written about him and his talents, and that no one,
  including Geller himself, really understands how or why the things
  that happen in his presence do so."

  Apparently things got under way when Geller visited the offices of
  Clive Menell, chairman of the board of a mining consortium, and
  they rolled out a huge map (of Africa) on a table. Geller "spread
  out [his] hands and moved them around in the air above the map
  until [he] felt magnetic sensation on one of [his] palms. [He] then
  scanned the area directly underneath with a fingertip and pointed
  to a specific location, which the geologists marked."

  Naturally, minerals were found there, so the Jan. 28, 1980 issue
  of "Newsweek" reported that Geller had found coal. On the strength
  of that validation, a Japanese corporation contracted with Geller
  to the tune of $2 million over a six-year period. Uri claims that
  his contract with them precludes him from divulging its name.

  Uri described the methods he uses to find the minerals for the
  Japanese. He "map dowses" with his hands (he says he is more
  sensitive that way than with some other device) to find a general
  area, memorizes the geomorphology when he has strong impressions,
  and then flies over the area for closer sensations, and finishes
  by hoofing it out to fine tune.

  The results? "The corporation eventually examined several of the
  areas I marked on the maps they gave me, and a number of these are,
  I hope, now producing gold," said Geller.

  That's a big hope for $2 million.

  Another mining company hired Uri to dowse diamonds, and, at last
  report geologists said that "the sample indicated a high
  prospectivity of the rocks from that area for diamond bearing host
  rocks."

  Geller said he advised one company not to mine in a particular
  area, that they would be wasting exploration money. They did not
  heed his warning and allegedly lost $50 million.

  It would be interesting to have that confirmed. It is very easy to
  make a blank statement like that for which it is nearly impossible
  to verify.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  How did Uri convince the "IM" staff of his powers, you ask?

  "Geller demonstrated his technique by finding a gold ring secreted
  in the top of a foolscap envelope under a pile of papers, on a desk
  covered in papers. `I close my eyes and I do this (stretches out
  his left arm), I believe that my hand is only a tool, it's nothing
  to do with my hand, I can also probably go like that (folds his
  arms), but I'm not used to doing it that way, I'm just used to
  doing it with stretched hands."

  Uri's other two members of UGA are an amateur dowser and a managing
  director of "Hunter Personnel" in the UK.

  One of the references "for further reading" at the end of the
  article is Charles Panati's, "The Geller Papers". That book is so
  preposterous that reading only a few pages would turn anyone even
  mildly skeptical inside-out. Surely, the editors of "MI" did not
  even scan it.


  HELP?

  MICHAEL SORENS is looking for a few good skeptics to appear on a
  panel with the tentative theme, "What harm can it do to believe in
  UFOs, psychics, faith healers, etc.?" This panel will be held at
  the Bay Area Science Fiction & Fantasy Convention (BayCon) in May
  1988.

  For those who haven't been to SciFi conventions, the participants
  are typically intelligent and articulate. Therefore, one might
  think that they wouldn't need any skeptical enlightenment, but,
  alas, this is not the case. We have seen that intelligence is not
  an insulation from nonsense.

  Michael is on the planning committee and wants to put a panel
  together with people from BAS. Since there are as many as 2,200
  people at these gatherings, this is an excellent opportunity. Call
  Michael at (408) 265-2719, or write hem c/o the editor of "BASIS".


  EDITOR'S CORNER
  by Kent Harker

  What constitutes proof? At what point does one give his or her
  assent and say he or she believes that such-and-such is correct?

  If the question is a scientific one, the scientific method outlines
  the rules of procedure and evidence. If the question is a
  philosophic or religious one, belief is arrived at in a manner that
  may not submit to scientific analysis. This does not diminish the
  value of non-scientific propositions or beliefs -- it just places
  them in another domain. The experience of love, for example, is not

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  insignificant just because it cannot be rationally dissected.

  On the road to truth one experiences many roadblocks, detours, and
  not a few mirages. A common tactic encountered is that of switching
  the responsibility for proof, which usually results in trying to
  prove a universal negative -- and this may be effectively
  impossible. For example, B tells you humans can fly, to which he
  challenges, "Prove they can't!"

  If B offers propositions X and Y, and you accept only X, it remains
  to B to show that his extra belief is warranted. If both you and
  B believe that humans can walk, and B states, additionally, that
  humans can fly by flapping their arms, your natural response should
  be, "That's interesting, please show me the evidence for your
  assertion." You would be amused at least by B's insistence that you
  disprove it. Nor should B's testimonials that he had personally
  witnessed ordinary people flapping their arms and flying move you.
  You might point out that many physical laws would be violated, and
  some rather more convincing evidence must be offered. Personal
  testimony builds faith, but not a scientific case.

  Are we obliged to believe what B says until there is evidence to
  the contrary? B would only have to say you have not tested his
  supposition in the right way, or you have failed to use the right
  words, or some other excuse. No matter what is done, B has only to
  offer excuses to brush aside your counter-examples, and there is
  a never-ending supply of excuses. If ones position is that he will
  continue to believe in unicorns until it is conclusively proved
  there is no such thing he is eternally safe in his belief --
  irrational, but safe.

  Weigh the case of Jim Todd and his arithmetic dog, Sonny (see the
  July issue of "BASIS"). Had the skeptics accepted the burden of
  proof and tried to prove that Sonny could NOT perform mathematical
  miracles, Todd would have only to say that Sonny was tired (which,
  incidentally, is exactly what he DID say.) Todd made a claim that
  he could not support under controlled conditions. That does not
  prove that Sonny could not pass the CPA exam tomorrow. It just
  means that the skeptic is not required to move off his neutral
  position of skepticism.

  The demonstration of Sonny's mathematical abilities was such an
  utter failure, In fact, that one is forced to conclude that Sonny's
  talents lie entirely in Mr. Todd's imagination. But a public
  failure does nothing to move the believers from their position. In
  fact, just last week I heard a sharp "yap-yap" on KGO radio. Jim
  and Sonny were the featured guests on a talk show.

  Another hazard on the way to determining proof is the false
  dichotomy. This is another way of diverting attention from where
  the burden of proof properly rests. A true dichotomy exists when
  propositions X and Y are mutually exclusive and exhaustive, i.e.,
  they are completely independent and together they cover all
  possibilities. (Only Abbott and Costello may be excused when they

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  reason that if today isn't the 4th of July it must be Christmas.)

  For example, the scientific creationists assail evolutionary theory
  as a method of establishing their beliefs. They claim on the one
  hand that evolution is not scientific because it is non-
  falsifiable; they then attempt to demonstrate that evolution is
  false. This is followed by the false dichotomy: they proclaim that
  since evolution is false, therefore creationism is established.
  This is accomplished without a shred of positive evidence being
  presented.

  The unfortunate side to this is that many scientists pick up the
  gauntlet and start defending evolution! Defense of position T when
  the opposition advances X by attacking T is a mistake. If position
  T is demonstrated to be false means only that T is false, not that
  X is established in the process. The establishment of X requires
  that arguments for X be firmly advanced. Evolutionists need only
  fold their arms and yawn when creationists attack evolution. No
  response is necessary in the absence of proof that creationism is
  a better theory.

  The most important fact about a belief based on reason is that it
  can and will be changed in the light of new evidence. Belief based
  on faith or personal experience, however, is not usually shaken by
  any amount of knock-down, staring contradiction. It would seem to
  be just the opposite, in fact. If you have made an idea part of
  your identity, giving it up is very difficult.

  If the Bohr model of the atom turns out to be incorrect, what is
  the consequence? Well, Bohr might be pinched about it, but only for
  awhile. Nuclear physicists would be so thrilled with the new
  discovery they might not leave their labs for months! The rest of
  us would be somewhat less excited, even if we had accepted the Bohr
  model and incorporated it into our view of the universe. The true
  spirit of a skeptic is to acquiesce to new theory when the evidence
  is sufficient, and unceremoniously place the rejected idea on the
  trash heap. Of course there is a certain amount of pain or
  embarrassment when one is wrong, but that's as far as it should go.
  To be wrong is not the end of the world. To lose ones sense of
  identity is.

  When the earth was displaced from the center of the universe, the
  only ones that suffered for it were the clergy and their catechists
  who had tied their system of faith to it. The intertangling of the
  geocentrism and theology had become so intricate that early
  Christian dogma was threatened to the very core with the Copernican
  revolution. The Bishops refused to look into Galileo's telescope
  because to do so would have been an act of heresy -- they knew what
  they MUST see -- whatever else one might suppose was there would
  be in error if it differed from what they accepted as revealed
  Truth. There was no need to place the eyepiece of the scope to
  their brow.

  Logic is a good place to start on a proposition. Most propositions

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  will submit themselves to some form of logical analysis. If it
  turns out that the idea violates the basic canons of formal logic
  it may be unnecessary to proceed further.


  THAT 'OL BLACK MAGIC
  by Bill Bennetta

  David R. Godine, a Boston Publisher, issued in 1983 a facsimile
  edition of "The American Boy's Handy Book," which had been
  published in 1890 by Scribner's. It was a 430-page manual of
  crafts, games and other diversions, and its range was impressive:
  building boats or snow forts or cabins, staging plays or shadow-
  puppet performances, stuffing birds, training dogs, and
  constructing such devices as mole traps, water telescopes and the
  "paradoxical whirligig." Reading it is a genuine delight.

  In one of his expositions on showmanship, the author (D. C. Beard)
  told his young readers how to do fortune-telling. I could not help
  noticing that his concise introduction to that subject is just as
  timely now as it was on the day when he wrote it. It has lost
  nothing, and, I think, might profitably be presented verbatim to
  young people today. Here it is:

  "There exists in all countries a class of people who make their
  living out of the proceeds derived from tricks and deceptions
  practiced upon the ignorant, credulous, or superstitious portion
  of the population.

  "In the by-streets of almost any large city may be seen signs
  posted up on dingy-looking houses, which, if they were to be
  believed, would lead us to think that the gifted race that live in
  these dwellings can, by the aid of spirits, fairies, or by the
  signs in the heavens, give accurate information of all past or
  future events.

  "Some of these so-called mediums make such bungling attempts at
  magic and necromancy that it is a wonder that they are able to
  deceive anyone. Others, however, perform some really wonderful
  tricks.

  "With a little trouble and no expense any boy may fit himself out
  as a fortune-teller, and have an unlimited amount of fun with his
  friends, who may be mystified and puzzled by simple contrivances,
  which, if explained to them, would be immediately understood...."

  Beard then undertakes his instruction for building two such
  contrivances, which he calls the fortune-teller's box and the magic
  cask. I have not yet essayed to construct either, but I suspect
  that each can produce effects that would put any commercial
  astrologer or palm-reader to shame.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  RAMPARTS

  [Ramparts is a regular feature of "BASIS", and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your local
  scene and send them to the EDITOR. If you want to add some comment
  with the submission, please do so.]

  Fresno skeptic MORRIS HUGGINS culled a bit from "Insight", a
  publication from Cal State Fresno journalism dept. about dowsing.
  Don Henvick's November article brought quite a response.

  Time was that water-witchers explained that the "underground
  springs" somehow have an effect on the implements -- usually sticks
  or rods of some sort -- they use. The "Insight" feature shows that
  things are changing. Seventy-three-year-old Carter Hoffman,
  president of the Central California Chapter of the American Society
  of Dowsers, reveals, "I use many different instruments, but mostly
  it's me. The instrument doesn't really mean a thing, really. It's
  the man or the woman. We're the instrument."

  The paraphernalia are as varied as the imagination: "car keys,
  brass rods, clothes hangers, willow branches and pendulums made of
  crystal, brass or wood." That, and a "positive attitude". You have
  to believe.

  "If you say it's not going to work, then it's not going to work",
  declares Hoffman. This same dowser asserts he is 97% accurate.

  If the dowser is the instrument, other statements made by Hoffman
  in the article are baffling: "Instead of using a traditional
  divining rod made of wood, Hoffman uses a nylon one. He said the
  wooden one is too dangerous. `It will just tear the hide right out
  of your hand [i.e., when the rod reacts to the presence of
  water].'" That seems to say very clearly that the rod is acting
  independently of the holder.

  The article was well-balanced, with a discussion of the science of
  finding water by studying geologic features.

  As with all matters of untested faith, disconfirming data only
  elicit excuses, never a turn-around. When a geologist, studying
  dowsing, questioned the dowser who had just witched a dry well to
  find how it happened, he replied, "I finally figured it out. I was
  wearing my boots that day and I insulated myself from the ground."
  Again, this appears that a separate force, independent of the
  individual, is acting from which he or she can be insulated. And
  then why did his device indicate the water was there in the first
  place?

  Surely, there is another excuse to cover that.


  The University of Hawaii campus center was packed to the walls to

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  hear Michael and Aurora El-Legion, "International Directors of the
  Extra-Terrestrial Communications Network."

  The El-Legions gave a film and slide presentation in which their
  UFO pictures "...had been authenticated by top NASA equipment."

  Aurora had an experience with the ETs "where they actually
  teleported her and her car through aa time-space warp during 5 p.m.
  rush-hour traffic." She says that many of the space folk are acting
  as out "Guardian Angels".

  Michael gave his "Akashic Life Readings, which are designed to
  attune a person more closely to who they are and what their mission
  is for incarnation on earth at this time". He accomplishes these
  readings by channeling information from the "Ascended Master level,
  beings on the Christed-Buddhic plane who are also members of the
  Intergalactic Confederation".

  These people are very much concerned about our earth. What
  marvelous fortune we have by living in an era when the great
  channelers are in tune with beings who can explain why Aunt Jessie
  broods about her lost cat.

  Well, about two weeks after the Hawaii stint, the El-Legions were
  indicted in a phone credit-card scam that cost U.S. Sprint
  $500,000. The federal grand jury charges specified that the pair
  sold about 50 unauthorized credit cards for a fee ranging from
  about $65 to $125 per month. That, coupled with their seance fees
  (all tax free, of course) is a tidy fund.

  Of course their alleged credit-card fraud is no indication that
  their channeling stuff is anything but squeaky clean. After all,
  that top NASA equipment checked it out.


  The "Chron." thought the following deserved a headline: "An Oakland
  woman who drove to Reno because she was feeling lucky hit a $1
  million slot machine jackpot".

  The reader was to go to page 3 for the story.

  MS. WERBY, who sent the clip to us, appropriately notes, "How many
  people drive to Reno because they're sure they are going to crap
  out that day?"


  THE REAL MCCOY

  Head of the Minnesota Skeptics, Robert McCoy has moved the press
  to look at some of his efforts in a laudatory article citing the
  work of CSICOP and the Minnesota group.

  McCoy is something of a rascal himself. He delights in the unusual,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  but approaches it with careful skepticism, making light of the
  stream of baloney that parades for reality. He was successful in
  persuading a Morristown man to confess to a 1979 UFO hoax that
  really got out of hand.

  "On a September night that year, David Olson, an admitted practical
  joker, went into cousin Curtis Olson's farm field and commenced to
  mess it up."

  "The prankster tied gunnysacks over his shoes to avoid leaving
  footprints. He trampled cornstalks and singed the perimeter with
  a butane torch to simulate an alien spaceship landing."

  "The prank was perfect. Too perfect. Within days, out-of-state UFO
  investigators and the media converged on the field like so many
  locusts, and Olson, fearing family reaction and maybe even arrest,
  kept the joke to himself."

  "It was only when he saw McCoy's letter to the editor in a
  Minneapolis newspaper, in which the hoaxbuster debunked the
  newspaper's publishing of a UFO photograph, that he contacted McCoy
  and decided to tell it all."

  "`He never told until nine years later, but even after he
  confessed, some people didn't believe it', McCoy says."

  "Olson says his cousin still maintains that something unexplainable
  happened that night in his cornfield. Olson, a 44-year-old chemist,
  says he can understand his cousin's disbelief, if not his logic."

  "`There may be intelligent life out there, but I don't think it's
  going to manifest itself in somebody's cornfield', says Olson, who
  believes people's growing capacity for gullibility has been
  misguidedly linked to rapid advances in high technology."

  "`People see that we've put a man on the moon, they see all these
  other high-tech things being done, so they've come to believe that
  ANYTHING can happen.'"

  McCoy has appeared on the David Letterman Show displaying his
  "collection of vintage quackery devices."


  "If the conclusion determines the reasoning, the reasoning is
  sham." -- Peirce


  NOVEMBER MEETING
  by Norman Sperling

  The task of science is to figure out how nature works. As suspected
  since ancient times, nature appears to work in patterns -- most

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  notably, in the characteristics that can be expressed
  mathematically -- frequently expressed as paradigms. Symmetries and
  patterns illustrated in aspects of nature also point to
  generalizations about "how nature works".

  The development of science involves interplay between observing
  (acquiring data) and theorizing (proposing candidate paradigms to
  fit existing data and predict further data). New data acquired,
  whether or not intended for the current problem, may point the way
  to revise or extend the current candidate paradigm.

  A paradigm may be proposed even when there is no known cause for
  it (Kepler's Laws); or an insight into the reasons things work a
  certain way may suggest greatly extended paradigms (plate
  tectonics). Theoreticians who perceive the grandest paradigms from
  the earliest data make the most celebrated leaps (Darwin's
  evolution, Newton's mechanics and Einstein's relativity). When the
  grand paradigm develops collectively and gradually (as with quantum
  mechanics) rather than quickly by an individual, science advances
  just as much, but there is less popular attention.

  To be acceptable, a candidate paradigm must fit current data. (The
  unfortunate expression "scientists believe that..." is more
  appropriately "current evidence indicates that..."). But science
  has so far found out only a little about nature's workings,
  compared to the vast fields that remain unexplored. Claude Gregory,
  who edited the French science series "Encyclopedia Universalis",
  concluded "that we don't know anything" yet about the true workings
  of nature. Greater understanding of biochemistry would result, for
  example, in eliminating screening tests and in designing, by
  computer, chemicals that react predictably.

  On the leading edges lie topics where a few outlying data points
  can barely be perceived, and candidate paradigms suggested to
  relate to them may be held very tentatively indeed. An analogy
  might be to the way fog obscures things.

  From time to time, an elegant theory (a particularly simple and
  powerful formulation) is demolished by discovery of an "ugly fact".
  This happened with an exciting candidate paradigm that tied
  together several data on the frontier: Lockyer's "meteoritic
  hypothesis" of solar energy and spiral nebulae, circa 1890.
  Individuals who regard a theory as so compelling that they
  "believed" it may react by contesting the new data (successfully
  in the polywater scandal), or by adjusting the theory to
  accommodate the new data (Hoyle's steady-state cosmologies), or -
  - if human attitudes overcome scientific discipline -- by
  psychologically rejecting anything contrary to their adopted
  paradigm (phlogiston). Thus advocates may cling to a paradigm after
  mainstream science passes it by (Arp's non-cosmological quasars).
  Failed candidate paradigms are, fortunately, not utterly forgotten.
  Many make fascinating case studies, many bear lessons for the
  present and the future, and a few turn out to be valid for cases
  not known at the time they were proposed (Hadley vortex, moon

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  volcanoes).

  Can we regard acceptance of pseudoscience -- astrology,
  creationism, UFOs, faith healing, Velikovsky, parapsychology -- as
  adoption of candidate paradigms, accompanied by ignorance or denial
  of contrary evidence? Is the distinction between science and
  pseudoscience a matter of the criteria of evidence?

  [Norman Sperling teaches astronomy and space science at Cal State
  U. Hayward, lectures at Morrison Planetarium in San Francisco, and
  is completing his MA in History of Science at UC Berkeley. The
  latest of his 75 published articles, "Of Asteroids and Quasars",
  appears in the fall issue of "Pacific Discovery". He has been a
  planetarium director and an editor of "Sky and Telescope" magazine.
  -- Ed.]


  WHY THE IRRATIONAL?

  In an attempt to bring understanding to the question of why so many
  of us cling to such clearly irrational nonsense, Mankato State
  University psychology professor Mary Jo Meadow, an authority on the
  psychology of religion, says belief in the bizarre and
  unexplainable is closely tied to religious belief systems.

  "These things (UFOs, psychics, shamanism, astral projection, etc.)
  function as religious beliefs in that they're explaining the
  unexplainable in the cosmos", Meadow says. "To take on a belief can
  give you a lot of security and satisfaction."

  The problem is that when the belief is dispelled, the truth makes
  a poor substitute. "Once a person invests in a belief, it becomes
  much harder to give it up, and he or she starts distorting reality
  in order to hold on to the beliefs."

  Sobering thoughts for the dangers of walking into the unknown or
  ill-understood without a skeptical shield.


  UFO CONTACTS

  Dr. James Harder, professor of Engineering at UC Berkeley, will be
  the featured speaker at the January BAS meeting.

  Dr. Harder is a long-time advocate of the extra-terrestrial
  explanation for UFOs. Specifically, the "nuts-and-bolts" variety
  of UFOs as opposed to "interdimensional" hypotheses advanced by
  some enthusiasts to explain why some UFOs are witnessed by human
  observers but not traced on radar screens when the sightings occur
  in areas covered by radar detection systems.

  Harder is expected to discuss what he calls "the overwhelming

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
  evidence for an alien presence". In addition, Dr. Harder has long
  been an outspoken protagonist of various conspiracy theories. On
  a local TV program in which he appeared with Robert Sheaffer,
  Harder intimated that Sheaffer was a party to the government cover-
  up, probably receiving money to "keep quiet".

  This should be a fascinating evening to spend with a knowledgeable
  and reputable UFOlogist. Get your best questions ready and be
  prepared for a lively discussion!


  "Faith, fanatic faith, once wedded fast to some dear falsehood,
  hugs it to the last." -- Sir Thomas Moore


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the January, 1988 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1988 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 01.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:53]
