{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T11:29:19Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 69333, "source_ctime_ns": 1788520496969922163, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-06.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788520496967345884, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-06.pdf", "source_sha256": "484478ea8ffd1f136b5d087a6f7be43bfa2d74090861ceda04e033d1ff741f28"}

------------------------------------------------------
  June 1988 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 7, No. 6
              Editor: Kent Harker


  WHAT IS REAL?

  [The following was excerpted from a lecture professional magician
  David Alexander gave in a recent meeting at CSICOP headquarters.
  Alexander's impressive credentials are spread over a variety of
  interests including private investigation and publishing. He is
  working closely with the Committee for the Scientific Examination
  of Religion (CSER) investigating the activities of faith healers.]

  How does one determine what is real from what is fake when the fake
  looks so real?

  People generally do not realize, or care to admit, what poor
  observers we really are, and how vulnerable to manipulation we can
  be. Invariably, people describe what they think they saw, not what
  they really saw. Their recollection of what is seen may be
  controlled and shaped by the person who presented the effect. This
  is why eyewitness accounts of the supposed miracles of psychics are
  considered unreliable by any investigator familiar with the
  psychology of the presentation of magic.

  In order to spot the fake, one must have certain kinds of
  knowledge. Being fooled by a magician or psychic is not a case of
  being stupid. It is a matter of not having specific kinds of
  knowledge.

  The great French magician and father of modern magic, Jean Eugene
  Robert-Houdin, stated that a magician is an actor playing the part
  of a psychic.

  A magician's success is in the skill he exhibits in influencing the
  spectator's mind. It is completely a matter of controlling the
  audience's thinking. Misdirection is the single-most-important tool
  in influencing what the spectators sense and perceive. The skilled
  magician is adept at attention control and physical and
  psychological disguise.

  What is the difference between a magician performing and a psychic
  working? They both look the same; that is, they both look "real."
  Since many times both the magician and the psychic employ the same
  physical and psychological methods, how are they different?

  They are different in the context and mind-set in which their
  performance takes place, and in their goals and results. The


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  psychic's ethic is completely different. He uses the same methods
  and psychology as the magician, but in a different context and to
  a different end.

  In both cases, when the objective is realized -- that is, the
  acceptance of the performer's false premise -- careful examination
  almost invariably stops. This happens in a magic show when the
  audience gets caught up in the mystery and good humor. They stop
  examining and simply enjoy the show. With a psychic it usually
  happens at the beginning of the relationship with the client when
  the psychic validates his or her powers quite thoroughly. Once the
  client accepts the "reality" of the psychic's ability, little or
  no further questioning occurs. A leap of faith has taken place.

  We must always remember that the psychic has one additional
  advantage at his disposal: the client's unflagging belief in the
  paranormal and faith in the particular psychic. Faith may move
  mountains, but it also moves a lot of money into the pockets of
  those who would exploit it.

  I once when to a seance and asked for the spirit of my father, who
  had died when I was quite young.

  When he "appeared," I asked his name. I received the answer, "You
  know, son." Well, I knew this was all a crock, yet there was a
  tremendous emotional pull at that moment. It was all very powerful,
  but came from within me, not from any spirit manifestation. In
  order to fully understand why people go to mediums and psychics
  again and again, we must understand the powerful emotional
  component that is within all of us.

  Mark Twain is credited with the line, "A lie can be all the way
  across the country before the truth can get its boots on."

  Much of the credit or blame for the widespread and uncritical
  belief in the paranormal can be laid at the feet of the media. The
  media are very poor at accurately reporting the paranormal, and
  rarely follow up when skeptics become involved.

  Unfortunately, in examining paranormal claims, the media and modern
  society have gotten their methodology backwards. Claims are made
  by almost anyone, and skeptics are then challenged to disprove
  them. Actually, what a skeptic or any rationally inquiring
  individual must do is prove nothing, but dispassionately and
  carefully examine the evidence alleged as substantiating the claim.
  It is not the job of the rational investigator of paranormal or
  supernatural claims to disprove them. The person making the claim
  has the burden of proof.

  Many times, when evidence is presented, it turns out to be nothing
  more than a personal story, told with conviction to be sure, but
  an anecdote nonetheless. We are finding more and more that belief
  in the paranormal is being sold like soap and religion by highly
  personable and charismatic individuals who have books, movies,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  self-development classes or tapes, or some other product to sell
  a public which lacks the specific knowledge necessary to critically
  examine their claims.

  Recently, the L. A. "Times" quoted David Griffin, Director of the
  Center for a Post-Modern World, as saying that he encourages people
  to abandon skepticism of any extra-ordinary phenomena. It is
  frightening to see a theologian at a major seminary accept aspects
  of the paranormal as valid without any critical judgment.

  To encourage people NOT to be skeptical is very sad, when it is
  skeptical inquiry that is the basis for scientific investigation,
  creativity, and the expansion of human thought and understanding.
  If we give up the ability to be skeptical, to inquire, to question,
  we have given up a great part of what makes us human.


  FLOOD THEORISTS SINK
  by Edgar Deacon

  The recent defeat of fundamentalist Christian creationists (FCC)
  in the Supreme Court was a blow, but not a mortal one. The
  principal grounds upon which the appeal was overturned was the view
  that creationism promoted or endorsed a particular religion. That
  is not really how the argument should have been settled, but the
  FCC brought suit, realizing they could not make their case the way
  normal science does: by presenting evidence.

  Australia has no equivalent constitutional provision for the
  prohibition of state-sanctioned preferential religious
  indoctrination. Thus, the eyes of the academic community have been
  focused upon the Land Down Under to see how they fare --
  particularly since they have a very strong and active FCC faction.
  The following article first appeared in an Australian publication,
  "Future Age".

  In Australia, the fundamentalists, have achieved some success,
  particularly in Queensland where the former Minister of Education
  encouraged the teaching of creationism in state high schools. In
  every state in Australia, fundamentalist private schools are
  subsidized by taxpayers.

  The Aussie FCC use the same tack as here in the US: Attack
  evolutionary theory, and, by perpetrating a false dichotomy,
  declare that creationism is thus established.

  A major tactic is to try to show that the methods developed to
  determine the ages of rock formations are unreliable. Many of their
  arguments are designed to be confusing and hard to refute
  convincingly for those not well acquainted with the particular
  branch of science involved. But creationists have been rash enough
  to attribute coal formations to Noah's flood, which, they claim on
  biblical grounds, to have occurred about 2500 BCE. This claim is

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  nonsensical; and it can be shown quite simply without appealing to
  complex scientific issues.

  Before outlining the creationists' ideas on coal formation, it is
  necessary to give the geological account, which holds that coal
  seams are consolidated and modified plant material resulting from
  the growth over long periods in the distant past of vegetation in
  luxuriant swamp forests near sea level.

  Later subsidence of the land covered the deposits with sediments
  such as mud and sand. This deposition, perhaps aided by subsequent
  uplift of the sea floor and changes in sea level, led eventually
  to another period of swamp conditions.

  Many repetitions of this cycle of events sometimes occurred,
  resulting in the formation of various layers of vegetable matter
  separated by layers of sediment.

  In the course of time, heat and pressure from the overlying
  deposits converted the layers of vegetable matter into seams of
  coal.

  The creationist scenario is based on the fact that after the 1980
  explosive eruption of densely forested Mt. St. Helens, a gigantic
  raft of broken logs and stumps floated on nearby Spirit Lake. these
  eventually sank to form a stratum which the creationists maintain
  would soon form coal, after being covered by further deposits of
  volcanic ash and sediments. The conversion, they say, would be
  speeded by heat and the catalytic action of clay mixed with the
  deposits.

  In their 1985 article "Coal, Volcanism and Noah's Flood," published
  by the Creation Science Foundation, the authors conclude that "It
  is entirely feasible that all today's coal seams were formed by the
  volcanism, flooding, erosion, tectonism and hydrothermal activity
  during the global year-long Noah's Flood catastrophe and its
  aftermath."

  Even if a world-wide flood was credible, one obvious objection to
  this story is that broken logs and stumps pack very loosely: even
  if coal could be so formed, it would inevitably contain much
  volcanic ash and mud. But many bituminous coals contain little more
  ash than that derived from the original vegetation -- some as
  little as two percent.

  While some coal deposits give evidence of plant material having
  been carried by flooding into depressions to form thick coal seams,
  there are many other instances where bituminous coal seams of
  fairly even thickness extend over large areas.

  There is reason to believe that they mark the site of the original
  swamps in which the parental vegetation lived and died, and that
  there has been no appreciable influx of plant material from
  surrounding areas -- a view supported by the fact that the clay

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  below such seams is riddled with innumerable rootlets of the plants
  that originally colonized the swamp.

  A well-explored example of an extensive seam is the Pittsburgh seam
  of bituminous coal, which has an average thickness of ten feet
  under some 3,500 square miles around West Virginia. In the 1/2 mile
  below this seam there are a dozen others interleaved between strata
  of sandstone, limestone and shale (consolidated clay). There are
  no layers of volcanic origin.

  The limestone formed by the deposition of the shells of small
  marine organisms along with some precipitated calcium carbonate,
  represent very long quiet periods quite inconsistent with
  creationist catastrophism.

  The orderly sequence of strata, according to orthodox geological
  reckoning, belongs to the Upper Carboniferous period and was laid
  down over a 15-million-year period some 300 million years ago.

  Some realistic idea of the vast extent of geological time can be
  gained if the catastrophic coal theory is rejected in favor of the
  swamp-forest origin. An estimate of the time represented by the
  thickness of a coal seam can be inferred from the amount of
  vegetation produced annually under favorable conditions by a
  complete plant cover in a moist tropical climate, which is of the
  order of 40 tons to the acre of dry plant material. Consolidated
  into a uniform layer, this material would have a thickness of less
  than one-quarter inch. However, much material is lost during decay
  as carbon dioxide and methane (marsh gas).

  After the formation of peat there is further loss. It has been
  estimated that at least three feet of peat is needed to produce 1/2
  inches of coal. So it should be fairly conservative to take each
  measure of thickness of a coal seam to be the product of one year's
  growth of the original swamp forest. Then the 10 feet thickness of
  the Pittsburgh seam corresponds to a lifetime of the swamp forest
  to the order of 3000 years -- a sizable fraction of the age of the
  FCC universe. And, in the half mile below this seam there are a
  dozen others, all representing just one interval in the latter half
  of the Carboniferous period.

  Flood geology cannot account for the absence of fossils of animals
  and birds in the strata that sandwich such coal seams as the
  Pittsburgh one. According to Genesis, the world was well stocked
  with animals and birds at the onset of the flood, but the highest
  forms of life associated with the Carboniferous strata are
  primitive land reptiles, and marine fishes and sharks. Had higher
  forms of life existed their fossils could hardly have been missed,
  because of the great attention given to these commercially
  important strata.

  But fossils of more advanced creatures are found associated with
  the coal seams of later geological periods. For example, in
  Cretaceous seams, were laid down around 160 million years after the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  Pittsburgh seam. The fossils include dinosaurs and birds, but only
  small mammals.

  Cretaceous seams are distinguished from the carboniferous by the
  associated vegetation: they include fossils of flowering plants and
  trees which are absent in Carboniferous seams because they had yet
  to evolve.

  The assumption of a world-wide flood is the major absurdity of
  Flood geology. The FCC choose to ignore the remarkable parallels
  between the Genesis account and the earlier Babylonian legend,
  according to which the flood was also a punishment for sin, with
  only certain favored individuals being saved by building an ark.

  Indeed, a remarkable flood does seem to have occurred during a
  prehistoric period of settlement beside the Euphrates. Excavations
  at Ur, the birthplace of Abraham, according to Genesis, conducted
  by Sir Leonard Wolley earlier this century, uncovered pottery and
  other objects, the period interrupted by a three-foot depth of
  clean water-laid clay. The clay layer is tangible evidence of a
  mighty flood, but there is no reason whatever to suppose it
  extended beyond the lowlands of Mesopotamia.

  Memories of such a flood, embroidered with myth, undoubtedly would
  have persisted into the historic period.

  [Edgar Deacon is a former principal research scientist with the
  CSIRO division of atmospheric research.]


  RAMPARTS

  [Ramparts is a regular feature of "BASIS", and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your local
  scene and send them to the Editor. If you want to add some
  comment with the submission, please do so.]

  From the "Arizona Republic", Tom Haydon mailed us the latest
  exploits of the bankrupt and irreverent Rev. Peter Popoff. Peter
  is trying to reorganize a new ministry in the Phoenix area begging
  $100 donations. His latest pitch is to get money to print Bibles
  for distribution behind the Iron Curtain. (On that score, "Free
  Inquiry" magazine has proof that Popoff is running a scam here,
  too.)

  The article goes on to inform us that "God soon would reveal to him
  the name of the Antichrist. Popoff said he also knows when the next
  world war will commence, and he claimed knowledge of an array of
  other prophecies."

  "BASIS" wonders if his wife, Elizabeth, is still giving him all his
  information.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  C. Baldo forwarded an item from the "Union Democrat" about the
  "vanishing pet" theory; i.e., when the menagerie splits you know
  it is earthquake time.

  Well, some people at UC Davis did some real study, and found that
  there is "no connection between lost-pet ads and the chance an
  earthquake will occur." This contradicts geologist James Berkland's
  notion that animals have some sense of the impending temblors.

  The Davis geologists found that the more likely reason your pets
  leave home is because they are lovesick, been stolen or killed, or
  just don't like you. Most significant is that fact that "pet owners
  often don't place ads until their dog or cat has been missing for
  several days."

  The ever-busy Virgin Mary is adding new ventures to her agenda. Her
  personal interviews with channelers, apparitions in Yugoslavia,
  appearance on tortillas, images on water tanks, and crying in icons
  are never enough. The Holy Mother is gracing the exterior walls of
  a home in Bakersfield so report skeptics Mr. & Mrs. Randy Smith
  from an article in "The Bakersfield Californian".

  The homeowner, Mr. Zamora, has done extensive testing to prove that
  the apparition is not the result of special light bulbs. He has
  replaced them all with K-Mart bulbs, and Mary is still there.

  So as not to daunt the flow of pilgrims that nightly (Mary only
  appears at night when the lights are on the house) trample the
  neighborhood, Mr. Zamora has cemented his entire front yard.

  BAS secretary Rick Moen routed a page from "Insight" outlining the
  exploits of a New Jersey psychic who couldn't let well enough
  alone. This woman told a lady that her dear departed husband had
  a curse that had caused him many years of illness, hard luck and
  operations. Perhaps death is not the curse of all curses. Anyhow,
  the lady paid the psychic a total of $7,000 cash and another $2,000
  in expenses (such as ritual candles).

  Finally, the miracle woman declared the curse removed, to the great
  wonder and happiness of the victim, not to mention the relief of
  the deceased. The trouble began when she apparently did not want
  to let go of this ready source of cash, so she informed her pigeon
  that her mother had a curse, too.

  Attorney time. The mark is seeking repayment of all the monies
  collected by the psychic.


  "Knowledge is choked by its own undergrowth." Anon.


  PANEL DISCUSSION

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  by Julie Stern

  As a film crew from TV station WTTG in Washington looked on, a
  panel of experts discussed the latest controversy concerning UFOs -

  - alleged abductions -- or, in one case, changed the subject. Close
  to 200 people attended NCSA's first general meeting, held on June
  7 in Bethesda, and the Channel 5 new report that night gave the
  fledgling organization a welcome kickoff.

  The event -- billed as a lively discussion of "UFO Abductions: Fact
  or Fantasy?" -- started with a review of the history of such claims
  by moderator James Sharp, director of the Albert Einstein
  Planetarium at the National Air & Space Museum. He started with the
  1961 Barney and Betty Hill case and concluded with several claims
  made in the 1970s, shortly after a movie based upon the Hill
  incident was rerun on television.

  Sharp then asked, "What have the aliens done for us lately?" He
  cited two recent bestsellers -- Whitley Streiber's "Communion" and
  Budd Hopkins's "Intruders" -- that claim that extraterrestrials
  have abducted and experimented on humans. "Are these historic
  claims of UFO abductions fact or fantasy?" asked Sharp of the
  afternoon's speakers, Philip Klass, a founding member of CSICOP who
  has been investigating famous UFO cases for more than 20 years and
  written several books on the subject, and Bruce Maccabee, a
  research physicist employed by the Navy and chair of the Fund for
  UFO Research, who has also been investigating UFO cases for nearly
  two decades and has published widely on the topic.

  Klass began by reviewing Hopkins's claim that hundreds or even
  thousands of people are probably unknowing victims of UFO
  abductions. He asked members of the audience whether they have ever
  experienced some of the three key "Hopkins' criteria" for evidence
  of abduction: "Have you ever experienced missing time (discovered
  that it was either later or earlier than you thought)? Have you
  ever had a nightmare in which you dreamed you saw strange-looking
  creatures, or in which you dreamed strange things happened to you?
  And have you ever looked at the night sky and seen a light that you
  could not immediately identify?" asked Klass. Tongue in cheek, he
  announced that the many members of the audience who responded "yes"
  to all of these questions had probably been abducted by aliens, and
  that, based on this sample, the number of abductees is probably
  much higher than even Hopkins claims.

  Klass went on to provide some insight into Hopkins' methods in
  investigating abduction claims, describing assumptions based on the
  hesitant statements and dreams of troubled people, the further
  assumption that a story must be true because it is similar to a
  story told by another person, and the failure to search for
  evidence that would verify these stories. Klass continued with a
  description of the "Kathy Davis" case, which Hopkins considers "one
  of the most important UFO abductions cases because of the physical
  evidence." Klass, however, failed to see any such evidence, and

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  presented down-to-earth explanations for many of the phenomena and
  experiences described by Davis.

  Maccabee began by stating that he too is a skeptic. He has long
  been skeptical of UFO reports, he said, but he is also skeptical
  of explanations and is bothered by on-sided skepticism. He admitted
  that we have at hand no hard physical evidence, and that there
  certainly have been some hoaxes. But he dismissed the opinion that
  there are no unexplained reports of UFOs, saying that in fact there
  have been many unexplained sightings.

  Maccabee then surprised many listeners by stating, "This discussion
  is concerned with abduction reports. However, I do not intend to
  use my time discussing such reports. Sorry about that. Instead, I
  want to provide a background for understanding." Saying that
  Klass's discussion of Hopkins' work had been brief and trivialized,
  he went on to state that listeners could not understand Klass's
  account and its importance without a background in the subject.
  "You cannot understand where the phenomenon of abduction reports
  fits into the UFO picture without understanding a general history
  of UFO reports," he continued. "I would like to emphasize the point
  that if there were no unexplained `plain-vanilla type sightings'
  I wouldn't be here today, because abductions themselves are not
  particularly interesting to me unless they're tied in to something
  else."

  Maccabee spent the remainder of his time describing several UFO
  incidents, beginning with the 1947 Kenneth Arnold sighting and
  concluding with the November 1986 Japan Airlines sighting, which
  he argued have never been explained. He expressed the view that,
  while scientists have tried to explain these events, they have not
  been skeptical enough, and have accepted explanations that do not
  even match the descriptions of eye witnesses.

  Klass, who looked surprised through much of the talk, began his
  response by apologizing to the audience for Maccabee's failure to
  address the agreed-upon topic. He countered Maccabee's argument
  that the JAL sighting is unexplainable with a brief description of
  his present convictions about what the 747 crew saw: the planet
  Jupiter and reflections of the full moon off clouds of ice
  crystals.

  A lively question-and-answer session followed. When Maccabee's
  responses to several questions evolved into lengthy responses to
  some of Klass's comments, Klass interrupted to ask Maccabee if he
  was giving a second lecture, and both Klass and Sharp cautioned him
  to restrict himself to answering the questions asked. Klass, in
  turn, was chastised by a questioner for his "uncharitable behavior
  to other speakers and UFOlogists."


  "Words are the most potent drugs used by mankind." Kipling


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  QUACKERY'S APPEAL

  ["It beats The Truth" is a first-person account by Samuel Uretsky,
  D. Pharm., of his experiences with several AIDS patients whom he
  has come to know in his work at N.Y.U. Medical Center. His poignant
  account strikes at the sensitivity that we all must have for the
  desperate victims of quackery.]

  AIDS patients don't merely LIKE to talk, says Uretsky, they
  HAVE to talk. AIDS patients collect facts and try to fit them
  together like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle in the hope that enough
  facts will make a truth. He tells of having saved one patient from
  financial exploitation by the promoters of RNA/DNA capsules, but
  wonders if the truth gave him as much as it took away by the
  sadness he exhibited. After helping another victim avoid being
  ripped-off by "catalyst-altered water" he says that the patient
  doesn't come around anymore.

  Other cases of uncertain gratitude conclude with the lament that
  the money doesn't mean very much to the hapless AIDS patient. It
  also reveals that people who are willing to take time and give of
  themselves can provide some comfort to the condemned. Others tell
  us that abandonment is more painful that the prospects of death
  itself.

  (From the "American Journal of Hospital Pharmacy")


  NONBELIEF vs. DISBELIEF
  by Hans Sebald, Ph.D.

  The editorial in the current issue of "The Zetetic Scholar", a
  cousin of the "Skeptical Inquirer") ruminated on the distinction
  between dis- and nonbelief. The distinction was drawn so
  stringently that any statement of disbelief -- denying the reality
  basis of a claim and its believability altogether -- called upon
  the disbeliever to prove the reality basis of his or her disbelief;
  that is, actually to prove that the disbelieved phenomenon does not
  exist. On the other hand, nonbelief presumably assumes a somewhat
  agnostic point of view, a noncommittal attitude, merely expecting
  that the claim made will first have to be proven a fact and
  reality.

  Though I respect the opinion and the writings of Marcello Truzzi,
  the editor of "The Zetetic Scholar" -- after all, we both are
  skeptics and battle irrational and bigoted belief systems -- I
  differ from him on the way he distinguishes between the
  responsibility that ensues from the disbelieving stance.

  Certain claims or assumptions made about the nature of life and the
  universe are absurd. The word absurd means that a statement or


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  assumption is "So clearly untrue or unreasonable as to be laughable
  or ridiculous" ("Webster's"). For example, an assertion that the
  center of the earth consists of one gigantic patriotic apple pie
  is simply unacceptable to me, even as an hypothesis -- regardless
  of whether or not I can PROVE its nonexistence. According to an
  overdrawn definition of disbelief I would have to prove my claim
  of nonexistence.

  I think there are limits to which disbelievers may be held
  responsible to actually prove that certain claims have no basis.
  I do not consider a statement of disbelief as an article of faith
  that has to be defended when absurdity strikes.

  In my view, I draw the line between disbelief and nonbelief
  according to the plausibility or absurdity of the claim. In spite
  of my inability to prove that the inner core of the earth is NOT
  made up of apple pie (so far spared discovery by pie-witching
  dowsers), I do not have to prove it, because the claim is absurd.
  Admittedly, this is a facetious example, but it makes the point.

  And it is not more preposterous than the belief by certain
  fundamentalist Christians, who take the Bible to contain the
  literal story of the creation. While a god-inspired creation story
  (in terms comprehensible to the people of that era) is plausible,
  the literal 6-day creation is absurd knowing what we know now. One
  could argue that the fundamentalist absurdity is greater than the
  apple-pie worshiper's.

  While apple-pie corers at least talk about a center that actually
  exists, fundamentalists talk about things that are verifiably
  incorrect. Both claims -- apple-pie core as well as 6-day creation
  -- are absurd, because whatever reliable and empirical information
  we have about the nature of life and the universe abrogates the
  believability of them. The Bible is more realistically understood
  in the historical context that created its ideas and metaphors.

  On the other hand, if someone asserts that clairvoyance works quite
  well under certain conditions, I would be an interested nonbeliever
  asking for demonstration and verification.

  My point is a simple one; let's not enshrine the sanctity of
  nonbelief in absurd temples. I think there is absolutely nothing
  narrow-minded or dogmatic about disbelieving when it comes to
  claims characterized by such ill logic and absurdity that a
  NON-believing stance would constitute a sham, a fake, and an
  absurdity in itself.

  I am affirming, however, the virtue and advisability of nonbelief
  when we confront claims about observations and anomalies which
  deserve further clarification and explanation. The point is that
  a disbeliever should A PRIORI neither be judged as closed-minded
  nor held responsible to bring proof for the denial of the reality-
  basis of absurdities.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  I see nothing wrong in a strong dose of disbelief for a wide range
  of absurdities which our cultural heritage has imposed on us.

  (Dr. Sebald is Professor of Sociology at ASU, and first wrote this
  article for the "Phoenix Skeptics News".)


  SIN SIGNS
  (Submitted by Dr. Leilani Allen)

  AQUARIUS: You have an inventive mind and are inclined to be
  progressive. You lie a great deal. On the other hand, you are
  inclined to be careless and impractical, causing you to make the
  same mistake over and over again. People think you are stupid.

  PISCES: You have a vivid imagination and often think you are being
  followed by the FBI or the CIA. You have minor influence over your
  associates and people resent you for flaunting your power. You lack
  confidence and are generally a coward. Pisces people do terrible
  things to small animals.

  ARIES: You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt.
  You are quick-tempered, impatient and scornful of advice. In short,
  you are not very nice.

  TAURUS: You are practical and persistent. You have a dogged
  determination and work like hell. Most people think you are
  stubborn and bull-headed. You are a communist.

  GEMINI: You are a quick and intelligent thinker. Everyone likes
  you, because you are bisexual. However, you are inclined to expect
  too much for too little. This means, in short, you're cheap.
  Geminis are known for committing incest.

  CANCER: You are sympathetic and understanding of other people's
  problems. They think you are a sucker. You are always putting thing
  off. That's why you will never amount to anything. Most welfare
  recipients are Cancer people.

  LEO: You consider yourself a born leader. Others think you are
  merely pushy. Most Leo people are bullies. You are vain and dislike
  criticism. Your arrogance is disgusting. Leo people are known
  thieves.

  VIRGO: You are the logical type and hate disorder. This nit-picking
  is sickening to the few friends you have. You are cold and
  unemotional, and have been known to fall asleep making love. Virgos
  make good bus drivers.

  LIBRA: You are the artistic type and have a difficult time with
  reality. If you are a man, you are more likely retarded. Chances
  for monetary gains are excellent. Most Libra women make good
  prostitutes. All Librans die of venereal disease.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  SCORPIO: You are shrewd in business and cannot be trusted. You
  shall achieve the pinnacle of success because of your complete lack
  of ethics. Most Scorpios are murdered.

  SAGITTARIUS: You are optimistic and enthusiastic. You have a
  reckless tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent. The
  majority of Sagittarians are drunks and/or dope fiends. People
  laugh at you a great deal.

  CAPRICORN: You are conservative and afraid of taking risks. You
  don't do much of anything. There has never been a Capricorn of any
  importance. Capricorns should avoid standing still too long, as
  they tend to take root.


  EDITOR'S CORNER
  by Kent Harker

  The early part of May brought the startling and dismaying
  revelations that the President of the United States has at least
  made changes in his agenda to conform to a more propitious
  arrangement of the zodiac.

  There is some good to come out of all this.

  When Ms. Bea Fitzbrood of Minot, N. Dakota says her life has been
  changed by the omenologists it might make a lengthy page-three
  article in the papers. We sigh that the editors are not selective
  or critical of the folderol they purvey and we try to get a counter
  to the article with little or no success. But what has happened
  recently shows, I think, the real mentality of the news-watchers
  and
  writers.

  The presidential astrological dalliance is serious
  business. The world-wide repercussions are not a matter of some
  amusing anecdote. The embarrassment evinced in nearly all quarters
  is enough to make us realize that, despite surveys which
  demonstrate that nearly two-thirds of the population accept
  astrological claims, astrology is still a closet craft held in low
  esteem.

  The good, then, is that astrology has been held up to ridicule with
  this Reagan debacle. Headlines like "Reagan's Star Wars" stick a
  well-deserved needle in the side of astrology. The timing for the
  resurrection of the Nostradamian prediction of a great earthquake
  in the "New City" could not have been more ill-conceived if
  skeptics had engineered the whole thing to embarrass astrologers:
  the front-page headline in the San Jose "Mercury" rails, "A 16th-
  century quack has L.A. quaking." A later article in the same paper
  stabs at the nonsense by relating the antics of an Arizona radio
  station that sent four tubbies (300 pounds+) to L.A. to do jumping


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  jacks on the beach to help Nostradamus's prediction along.

  Look at the reportage now. Critics are being asked to relate the
  problems and meaning of astrology. Locally, the notables of BAS
  have been called to the forefront to explain, not the notables of
  astrology. The astrologers as well as the White House are trying
  to downplay the episode!

  BAS board member (soon-to-be-Dr.) Shawn Carlson, whose extensive
  work on astrology was published in the most prestigious scientific
  journal, "Nature", has been contacted by the media to offer his
  analyses of astrology claims. (Shawn's experiment took a flank
  attack: rather than attempt to show the non-existence of a
  mechanism that would explain how astrology could work, he simply
  showed that astrologers cannot do any better than chance at what
  they claim.)

  Well, Shawn was the guest on KCBS (May 3) radio on a call-in
  program opposite Ms. Pat Brown, prominent Bay Area astrologer and
  member of the American Federation of Astrologers (and dealer in one
  of my pet peeves: "and EC CETERA").

  Although the general public was surprised at the disclosures in
  Regan's book, Shawn pointed out that the First Family's astrology
  predilections are the worst-kept secret in the White House.

  Brown says the whole thing is overblown, and that the Reagans
  really did not make important policy decisions based on the stars.
  She did say something about astrology in general that makes us
  wince: "When the planets are at right angles to each other, they
  `block' the energies of each other." She explained that the block
  then blocks the efforts of those with that astrological arrangement
  in their charts.

  The host added that astrology has been around for a long time, so
  there must be something to it, to which Shawn countered that
  longevity of ideas (prejudice against women, superstitious
  religions, for example) does not guarantee the truth value of their
  claim.

  Brown then cried foul, and said that as an astrologer, "I wouldn't
  bother your field of astronomy, and I don't think you should bother
  us. You should leave us alone."

  Wouldn't it be nice not to have to hear ones detractors?

  She charged that Shawn's study was not valid because it used only
  a very small branch of the astrology community, but Carlson
  rejoined that they were among the most respected, and they all said
  the test was fair before the fact. Only after the results proved
  negative did they howl unfair.

  Brown pulled out the usual "validations" routine: "I have conducted
  my own tests on 44 people I work with, and I have calculated

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
  mathematically their aspects, and I am right all the time."

  I asked myself if there are such things as non-mathematical
  calculations. She did say she had taught herself a great deal of
  mathematics.

  Shawn wrapped up the program with his study: "The bottom line is
  one of consumer advocacy: do astrologers deliver what they promise?
  They do not, and test after test has demonstrated this. Many
  astrologers do harm. There are medical astrologers that give
  medical advice without a license and those that give psychological
  counseling without professional training."

  (Note: Shawn was also appeared as a special guest on channel 4's
  "AM San Francisco" with the Hunters, a man/wife Christian healing
  team. Mr. Hunter performed a miraculous leg-growing routine for the
  cameras in which Jesus grew the leg a full inch to heal "pain in
  the ankle" of a volunteer.)

  The newspapers have been scrambling for comment and information
  about astrology. Here, too, the scientific side has gotten the
  call. Astronomer Andy Fraknoi, director of the Astronomical Society
  of the Pacific, BAS board member, and popular guest on radio shows,
  has been contacted by all the big Bay Area newspapers.

  In a feature article for the "San Jose Mercury", Andy asked the
  reader to ask him or herself some simple questions: What could
  possibly be the rationale for choosing the moment of birth as the
  instant when the stars begin their influence? Why not the moment
  of conception? It is apparent that the time of conception is very
  difficult (or potentially embarrassing) to determine. What is there
  in the layer of skin, water and tissue between the fetus and the
  outside world that protects it from the celestial sway? Andy
  quipped that if the aspects are not entirely favorable for your
  infant at the blessed moment, one could wrap the newborn in
  protective steak until the cosmos lumbers into a more auspicious
  pattern.

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the June, 1989 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1989 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:55]
