{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T10:23:25Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 65773, "source_ctime_ns": 1790237795406712517, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-10.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790237795403007203, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-10.pdf", "source_sha256": "a2f0244c4cba91fdd8d985c5ae81868cd6b318482b0b1a4461af68440aa557d3"}

---------------------------------------------------------
  October 1990 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ---------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 9, No. 10
              Editor: Yves Barbero


  HAPPIE HALLOWE'EN
  by Shillaber Montabue

  [Editor's Note: This piece was picked up from a chronicle published
  in Oxfordshire, England, on October 23, 1594. You will see a review
  on page 7 of "Beyond Beyond Beyond", written by Dr. Shillaber
  Montabue. If the grown-up skeptics can't figure it out, have the
  kids give it a try.]

  'Tis Octobre, the moneth of Hallowe'en. The holidaie name 'tis
  short for All Hallow E'en. There is naught HOLLOW about this
  wondrous holidaie. Prithee saie not "Hollowe'en".

  'Twill be a greate time for magic, witches, puzzles, parties, and
  all sorts of mysterious delights. Venture foorth with us in to the
  land of puzzles. Imagine that thou hast dressed thy selfe in to the
  clothes of royaltie. An thou art a woman, thou shall be Queene
  Elizabeth. As Queen Bess, thou shalt be in thy glorie at the
  partie. An thou art a man, thou art King Henry VIII.

  Nay, nay, thou art not allowed to chop off anie heades during the
  partie. 'Tis plaie time onelie.

  PUZZLE NUMBRE ONE

  Thou art at a Hallowe'en Partie. A man saieth, "I have two
  children, at leaste one of whome is a girl. What is the
  probabilitie that bothe are girls?"

  PUZZLE NUMBRE TWO

  Againe, thou art at the Hallowe'en Partie. All have dressed them
  selves up in to glorious clothes. As thou enterest, all muste take
  a test. There are two doores at the front. An thou goest in to one,
  a pie 'twill be pushed in to thy face. An thou enterest the other
  doore, thou shalt enter the partie.

  Thou dost most hartily wish to enter the partie, and dost not want
  a pie in thy face. As part of the game, out of the doores are two
  witches. One doth all waie tell the truth. The other will all waies
  lie. Each of the witches knoweth which doore is which. Thou knowest
  not which witch is which.

  Thou mayest ask juste one question of just one of the witches. Upon


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  hearing the answer, thou must ope one of the doores.
  What is the one question thou wouldst ask in order to save thy face
  and to enter the partie?

  Enjoie thy Hallowe'en Partie. The answers to these puzzles will be
  published in verie next issue of this chronicle.


  News from Argentina
  CAIRP FORMED

  We are proud to inform you that a new organization has been set up
  in Argentina to investigate and debunk claims on pseudoscience.
  [CAIRP means Centro Argentino Para la Investigacion y Refutacion de
  la Pseudociencia -Ed.]

  Our aims are similar to those of CSICOP.

  This is the first attempt to generate such an organization in this
  country, with a broad field of work, ranging from Astrology,
  Parapsychology, UFOlogy, Paranormal Health Claims, Sects and so on,
  although smaller groups and individuals are already working on
  specific subjects. We hope to be able to centralize and coordinate
  all work done here to debunk fringe science. We felt the necessity
  of such an organization due to the lack of alternative explanations
  offered by mass media on such subjects.

  We are well aware of fraud used systematically in these areas. For
  this reason we have a strong group of professional magicians
  working with us.

  We would like to be in contact with other similar groups around the
  world, and we will be pleased if you could send us newsletters or
  any kind of publications you are editing.

  /s/ Ladislao Enrique Marquez
  Director

  [CAIRP has just been added to our complimentary media list. Those
  interested in communicating directly, write:

  CAIRP
  Jose Marti 35 dto. C
  1406 Buenos Aires
  Rep. Argentina]


  Letter to the Editor
  COSMIC CONNECTION DEPT.

  Dear Sir or Madam:


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  In regard to Astrology, would it be of any interest to the skeptics
  to know that the zodiac forms the basic structure of the Bible?

  It takes some reading skill to see it, but for example the twelve
  sons of Jacob in Genesis 49 correspond to the twelve signs of the
  zodiac, as do the twelve Judges and the twelve minor prophets. The
  zodiac structure persists in various ways from Genesis through
  Revelation. I don't know what is the significance of it. But at the
  very least it is remarkable for having remained so unknown for so
  long.

  /s/ Paul Albertsen
  May 10, 1990


  FRAKNOI ON BLACK HOLES

  Astronomer and BAY AREA SKEPTICS advisor, Andrew Fraknoi will offer
  a NON-TECHNICAL introduction to "Black Holes: Spacewarps, Time
  Machines, and the death of stars" at U.C. Berkeley on Saturday,
  November 3rd.

  Sponsored by U.C. Extension and the ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY OF THE
  PACIFIC, the program will be offered in the Physical Sciences
  Lecture Hall from 9 am to 5 pm and will be illustrated with slides
  from the largest telescopes on Earth and in space.

  For more information about the program, call 415-643-6903.


  FEYNMAN ON ESP
  by Lawrence S. Lerner

  The literature of Richard Feynman anecdotes began to accumulate
  during his lifetime, and has continued to grow since his death.
  However, the oral tradition is far more extensive, and the
  historical gleaners have not come close to exhausting it. This note
  gleans a brief but deeply insightful discourse by Feynman, which I
  was privileged to hear.

  In late 1964 or early 1965, during a lull in one of the long series
  of more or less weekly late-afternoon lectures that Feynman gave at
  Hughes Research Laboratories, someone asked him, "What do you think
  of ESP?" The following is a close paraphrase of Feynman's reply.

  I don't know anything about ESP, so I'm going to answer a different
  question. Suppose I do an experiment, and the output is in the form
  of an x-y recording something like this. [Here Feynman drew a rough
  sketch on the blackboard, something like figure 1.]

  Now there's a lot of noise, but I look at that little bump in the
  middle and say, "Gee, that's interesting: I wonder if it's

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  significant or if it's just noise." Well, I can't tell. So I go
  back to the drawing board, and redesign the apparatus so that the
  signal to noise ratio is improved by a factor of 10. Then I repeat
  the experiment.

  [Here, Feynman drew a sketch like Fig. 2] I look at the little bump
  in the middle and say, "Gee, that's interesting; I wonder if it's
  significant or if it's just noise." Well, I can't tell. But one
  thing I know for sure: It isn't the same thing I thought I saw the
  first time!

  [Note for the electronic version of "BASIS": Fig. 1 had a small
  rise in the middle of an otherwise greatly fluctuating line. Fig.
  2 shows a rise of roughly the _same_ magnitude relative to the
  noise background, even though there had been a 10-to-1 improvement
  in noise discrimination.]

  Feynman's genius for looking at a familiar question from a novel,
  generalized point of view is evident here. Of course, his remarks
  summarize the experience of two generations of ESP researchers, and
  render unnecessary any detailed study of the results.

  I have often quoted Feynman's remark to my students over the past
  two decades. Nearly all the freshmen and sophomores fail to get the
  point (sometimes even after explanation); nearly all junior,
  senior, and graduate physics students get it immediately. I take
  this as evidence that physics majors actually learn something about
  the methods of science.

  [Lawrence S. Lerner teaches at California State University in Long
  Beach. Richard Feynman's best known books are "Surely You're
  Joking, Mr. Feynman!" and "What Do You Care What Other People
  think". You don't need any math or physics to enjoy them but an
  open mind helps.]

  [Reprinted with permission from "Am. J. Phys., Vol. 58, May 1990".]


  BERKELEY SKEPTIC NAMED TO STEERING COMMITTEE

  Joe Anuff, a member of the BERKELEY SKEPTICS and undergraduate
  student at UC Berkeley, has been named to the "Steering Committee"
  to facilitate the upcoming 1991 CSICOP conference in Berkeley.


  OOPS!

  Robert Sheaffer was incorrectly left off our list of members of the
  1991 CSICOP Steering Committee last month. He deserves better
  treatment from us.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  ---------------------------------------------
  | Psychics, call the number below (written |
  | in special psychic fonts) in this box for |
  |      the answer to your dreams!             |
  |                                |
  |                                |
  |                                |
  |                                |
  ---------------------------------------------


  ...OPINION
  CHILD SEXUAL ABUSE
  by Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson

  I am alarmed at the cries of "false accusations" of childhood
  sexual abuse and dismayed by the readiness of people who have not
  looked at the scientific literature (I would especially recommend
  Diana Russell, "The Secret Trauma" and David Finkelhor, "Child
  Sexual Abuse") to credit these cries.

  For hundreds of years child sexual abuse has been common,
  prevalent, and totally denied, throughout the world. Psychiatrists
  have been in the forefront of the refusal to acknowledge a painful
  and somewhat mysterious (what sexual attraction can there be to a
  3 year old child?) reality. Permit me to be skeptical of their
  newly discovered activism in a field whose reality they so
  persistently denied from the beginnings of their "science". Could
  it be that they found religion when they discovered there was money
  to be made in calling themselves experts in the very realm whose
  existence a few years earlier was dismissed with contempt?

  At last, thanks to the persistent voice of feminists, the reality
  of child sexual abuse is being recognized. But the historical
  record teaches us that we should be very wary of people who want to
  stuff it back into the closet, especially when they have any
  financial, legal, or forensic interest in so doing.

  Because the majority of psychiatrists have always been reluctant to
  recognize their own dismal record with respect to the sexual abuse
  of children, we should examine their claims of widespread "false
  accusations" with a healthy dose of skepticism.

  [The author is widely known for his book, "The Assault on Truth:
  Freud's Suppression of the Seduction Theory". His latest effort,
  "Final Analysis: The Making and Unmaking of a Psychoanalyst" will
  appear in October.]


  ...SECOND OPINION
  CHILD SEXUAL ABUSE

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  by Yves Barbero
  As Jeff Masson points out (article on previous page), there is
  child abuse and has been for hundreds of years; there are those
  who'd like to put it back into the closet for whatever purpose and
  many psychiatrists see the public perception of the "crises" as a
  quick way to make a buck despite their dismal historical record on
  the "problem."

  I agree with everything he said.

  Still, there are plenty of "false accusations" (and I'm not
  suggesting Masson doesn't realize this) and we should be wary. Any
  time there is a public focus on an issue fueled by forces that see
  a profit or a way to control people or manipulate a political
  situation, there will be innocents bundled off to jail. Horror
  stories illustrate this. In one case, a significant portion of a
  town had their children removed by the efforts of an over-zealous
  prosecutor. Witch hunting did not end in 17th century Salem or with
  Joe McCarthy.

  The capacity of Americans to vote to jail people who do not see eye
  to eye with a stereotypical majority cannot be underestimated.
  Public policy is just as often a function of hysteria as of
  intelligent public debate. And when an opportunity to control
  people's sexual behavior comes along, few Americans can resist the
  temptation.

  There's plenty of room to recognize the fact of child abuse and
  still be suspicious of measures rushed through legislative bodies
  or pushed by politically motivated prosecutors. Measures offered by
  under-employed professionals seeking a cause with which to offer
  their "expertise" should be viewed with exceptional suspicion. If
  the term "emotional" is offered, it may be okay on the couch or in
  a social worker's office, but keep it out of the law! Child abuse
  should be clearly defined in law. Perhaps some cases will slip
  through the cracks, but generally speaking, bruises can be counted
  and sexual assaults can usually be detected by competent medical
  professionals. "Emotion" is invisible. Besides, in a pluralistic
  society, people can universally be against abusing children but,
  beyond the obvious, few will share a clear definition of what that
  means.

  To have a division of government solely dedicated to child abuse
  will insure that the case load will always reflect the number of
  people hired. Better to have a department of child welfare that
  handles all problems related to children so personnel can move
  about as needed and fewer will be tempted to "discover" a problem
  that may not be there. In this under-budgeted era, there's plenty
  for the understaffed child welfare agencies to do.

  It may not be popular to suggest a balance between digging out
  child abusers and protecting individuals from a passing public
  hysteria but it must be done. Plenty of divorces, for instance,
  suddenly come up with accusations of child abuse. Especially when

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  one spouse wants to prevent the visitation of children by another.
  As a practical matter, however, tight definitions in law will not
  only protect the innocent but are unlikely to offer much comfort to
  real abusers since, as Masson points out, the crime is no longer
  closeted. Child abusers are repeaters. They do it over and over. It
  is a condition of their sexual preference and habit. Even with a
  minimum of vigilance, law enforcement is bound to trip over them.
  The only real danger would be if law enforcement, as in the past,
  ignored it.

  Our legal system is mostly oriented around punishment and the
  redistribution of property (civil law). Even family courts handle
  guardianship as a "possession." The welfare of children is mostly
  mandated by popular morality which is, at best, a hodge-podge of
  notions, good and bad. A lot of good people work for child welfare
  agencies and, except for a few politically motivated individuals,
  they say very little in public about child abuse. Laws to handle it
  are well established. When refinements are needed, these
  individuals approach the legislature through normal governmental
  routes and get it done efficiently.

  We've come a long way from the day when a patriarch could mandate
  the life or death of a child (or a wife for that matter) and
  children are no longer "economic" units in our enlightened society
  but are offered a chance to develop and become educated. Best of
  all, modern society has designed the concept of sheltering them
  from harsh adult realities for a time so they can also develop
  personalities through play and other childhood activities.

  This is all to the good. But it shouldn't impose an atmosphere on
  adults of avoiding contact with children for fear that some
  "expert" will deem it outside of the "normal" and condemn a person
  to jail on some abstract concept of sexuality. To paraphrase a
  popular local columnist, "Remember the good old days when you could
  pat someone's little girl on the head and they didn't think you
  were a child molester."

  Whether child abuse, sexual or physical, should be handled by
  treatment of the offenders and/or punishment (and I certainly see
  a case for a mix of these methods), the law should be clear.


  From the Creation Front
  ICR AMENDS LAWSUIT AGAINST HONIG

  The State of California has moved to withdraw approval for the
  Institute for Creation Research Graduate School (ICRGS) to grant
  masters degrees in science.

  As a result, ICRGS filed suit against the California Department of
  Education and Superintendent of Public Instruction Bill Honig in
  the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California to
  block disapproval. On May 15th, the ICRGS amended it's filing.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  In the original suit, the Institute was the only plaintiff. Three
  more were added:

  => Kenneth B. Cumming, dean of ICRGS, who might lose his job.

  => S. Harris Rugg, a student at ICRGS, who will be unable to find
  another school like ICRGS.

  => Woodside Christian Elementary School, Inc., which will be unable
  to hire teachers graduating from ICRGS.

  Though the amended complaint still denies it, the scientific
  validity of creationism is a central question in the suit. For
  example, wording added under the heading "Abridgement of the Free
  Exercise of Religion" argues that denying ICRGS approval to grant
  science degrees for creationism amounts to "overt discrimination
  against the plaintiffs, seriously penalizing their beliefs through
  state hostility..." Implicit in this argument is the claim that the
  state is obliged to recognize as science whatever religious
  believers declare to be science.

  Since filing the amended complaint, ICR attorney Wendell Bird has
  been busy distributing subpoenas for depositions. Among those
  reportedly served so far are National Center for Science Education
  board member Kevin Padian, Committee of Correspondence members
  Lawrence S. Lerner and William J. Bennetta (also a BAS advisor) and
  Richard E. Dickerson, a NCSE supporter.

  Padian served on the Science Framework Committee, which ICR views
  as part of the "conspiracy". Lerner and Dickerson were on the 1989
  site visit committee. Bennetta, as regular readers of "BASIS" know,
  wrote a series of hard-hitting articles in these pages on the case.
  He was ordered to bring copies with him.

  [Liberally paraphrased and digested from a longer piece in "NCSE
  Reports"]


  MINI BOOK REVIEW

  "The Rise of Life", by John Reader and illustrated by John Gurche.
  (Knoff 1986), 192 pages. $15.95.

  At the suggestion of Eugenie C. Scott, director of the National
  Center for Science Education, I took a look at this oversized
  paperback and instantly liked it.

  The illustrations alone make this book worthwhile. They are
  oversized and, for the most part, in color and add greatly to what
  is already a well-written generalized account. The book is ideal
  for teenagers and, I must admit, it filled in a few holes in my own
  education.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  I gave it to an adult friend of mine who casually follows the
  creation/evolution debate and has an expert eye for graphics. He
  said it looked great and, in reading some sections of it, he
  determined the work "propaganda" for evolution. He is a Christian.
  With such a glowing endorsement, I recommend the book.

  -- Y.B.


  SUDANESE BIOLOGIST JAILED FOR TEACHING EVOLUTION

  FAROUK MOHAMMED IBRAHIM, professor of biology at the University of
  Khartoum, has been jailed and tortured for teaching students about
  evolution. According to Andy Coghlan ("Sudan Jails Biologist for
  Teaching Darwinism,", in "New Scientist", 17 March 1990, p. 21)
  "the fundamentalist Muslim government of Lieutenant-General Omar
  Hassan has jailed hundreds of political opponents without trial"
  since seizing power in June 1989. Among those arrested are numerous
  academics detained for political activity, but Professor Ibrahim is
  apparently the first to be jailed for his scientific views.

  A letter from Ibrahim, smuggled out of prison, describes how he
  endured days and nights of torture -- including whipping, kicking
  and beating -- accompanied by death threats and verbal abuse. He
  was also prevented from washing and praying. One interrogator, a
  member of the ruling council, made it clear that Ibrahim's crime
  was teaching evolution.

  The Muslim community in Britain was shocked and outraged by
  Ibrahim's treatment. Goghlan reported that international efforts
  were under way to secure his release.

  Most Islamic scholars find no contradiction between evolution and
  the Koran, although the latter's story of creation closely
  parallels Genesis. The growth of fundamentalism among Muslims could
  change that.

  National Center for Science Education's President John R. Cole made
  several futile calls to the Sudanese Embassy but learned nothing of
  Ibrahim's situation. Cole wants to be contacted by anyone who can
  shed light on the scholar's fate. Call 415-843-3393 in Berkeley.

  [Courtesy NRC Reports]


  Letter from the Northern Wilderness
  GREETINGS FROM THE SISKIYOU HUMANISTS

  The SISKIYOU HUMANISTS, California's northernmost skeptic/humanist
  group, became active a couple of years ago in response to local New
  Age quackery and a concerted fundamentalist intrusion in the area


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  schools. Started by Siskiyou County residents Michael Roesch and
  Ken Goehring, the group has produced a videotape of Harmonic
  Convergence activity on Mt. Shasta, debated creationists on the
  radio, and presently edits a newsletter that is mailed out to 150
  subscribers.

  The quarterly newsletter, began in November 1988, offers both a
  humanist philosophical perspective and a skeptical examination of
  claims made by Siskiyou area charlatans and religious dogmatists.
  As a regional voice of reason the editors have critiqued dental
  faith healers, crystal stores, reports of Satanic sacrifice,
  Bigfoot sightings, graduation invocations, and pro-life propaganda.

  Currently, the group is embroiled in a controversy that may well
  have statewide significance. For the last fifteen or so years Weed
  Elementary School has invited a member of the Weed Ministerial
  Alliance into the science classroom to provide equal time for
  creation "science." Challenging this practice, Siskiyou Humanists
  have asked the WES Board to stop this religious activity and adhere
  to the California State Board of Education Science Framework. On
  the other hand, vocal fundamentalists are pressuring the Board to
  maintain the practice. As of the end of August, the WES Board has
  not made a policy decision on this portentous issue.

  [Last month, we sent a complimentary copy of BASIS to each of our
  Siskiyou brethren to keep them warm during those cold Northern
  nights.

  Information on the SISKIYOU HUMANISTS and their monthly newsletter
  can be obtained by writing to P.O. Box 223; Weed, CA 96094.

  If you would like to have a free copy of "BASIS" sent to your group
  and have a statement like the one above printed unedited, please
  contact the editor at 415-285-4358. Since additional printing is
  required and other arrangements have to be made, some planning is
  necessary. BAY AREA SKEPTICS would enjoy helping and being helped
  by like-minded groups (and we don't expect strictly parallel
  policies) but such arrangements must be mutually satisfactory and
  either organization may turn down an arrangement for strictly
  arbitrary reasons. -- Ed.]


  Letter to the Editor
  INESCAPABLE RELIGIOSITY
  from Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D.

  "BASIS" (July 1990) has published a long, rambling criticism by
  Walter Hearn, "Bennetta vs. ASA: Misguided Zeal?" Hearn's extensive
  personal attack on Bennetta is filled with trivialities and ad
  hominem remarks, and not worth comment. Hearn gives pertinent
  information on his American Scientific Affiliation (ASA). ASA
  members must sign ASA's Statement of Faith. The Institute for
  Creation Research (ICR) has a similar requirement. Despite Hearn's

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  assertion to the contrary, I do not agree that real scientists will
  sign such statements. There is a hymn about Thomas who doubted the
  word of the other apostles. He lacked faith. The final verse is:

      How blest are they who have not seen
      But yet whose faith hath constant been
      For they eternal life shall win.
                    Alleluia!

  Science does not thrive on a belief in the unseen, or on reward
  systems for constant faith in the unseen. Hearn emphasizes that
  there is a difference "between taking the Bible SERIOUSLY in
  matters of faith (ASA's position) and taking it LITERALLY in
  scientific matters" (ICR's position), but he does not reveal this
  difference. What is it?

  On page six, Hearn quotes Robert Root-Bernstein with strong
  approval, which I do not share. Root-Bernstein says that
  "evolutionists clearly have as much to learn as do creationists."
  Root-Bernstein is an advocate of what may be termed, "equal time
  for nonsense," a favorite creationist position.

  Hearn shows glimmerings of comprehension: he says that he has
  "learned enough about biological evolution to take it seriously."
  Darwin would have been grateful for this ringing endorsement. But
  then Hearn says (page six) that "ASA takes pains to support
  evolutionary science while opposing evolutionism (evolutionary
  naturalism)." This is double-talk. He launches an unprovoked and
  irrelevant attack on William Provine, whom he calls a "scientific
  ideologue." Hearn counters a quotation from Provine by saying that
  he, Hearn, worships God "on whose purposeful activities we consider
  the world to be always contingent." Provine, unsurprisingly does
  not go along with this frankly religious construct, and therefore
  incurs Hearn's disapproval, but why Hearn brought Provine into his
  treatise is not clear.

  Hearn recites (page seven) four major conclusions listed in the ASA
  booklet "Teaching Science in a Climate of Controversy". This
  booklet has been mailed by ASA to forty thousand high school
  biology teachers. ASA's fourth major conclusion in the booklet was
  that it is too soon "to say with certainty that we share a common
  ancestry with apes." Too soon? This common ancestry question was
  settled in the days of Darwin, T.H. Huxley and Bishop Wilberforce.

  The ancestral relationship of humans and apes is overwhelmingly
  supported by studies in molecular evolution as well as by all other
  scientific criteria. Yet Hearn sees "no reason (for ASA) to change
  our major conclusion." This is why we see no reason to change OUR
  major conclusion that ASA is a creationist organization. One of the
  main creationist hang-ups is the human-ape ancestry -- "if you
  teach children they are related to monkeys, they will act like
  monkeys." And how can we forget Seagraves's 1981 denunciation of
  the San Diego school teacher who made his kid dress up in a monkey
  suit? (Subsequent information revealed that the child asked to be

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  a monkey in the skit).

  To summarize: Hearn's views show, in the words of Judge Overton,
  "inescapable religiosity" to the extent that they are incompatible
  with science.

  [THOMAS H. JUKES is professor of Biophysics at UC Berkeley and has
  done extensive research in molecular evolution. He is a long time
  advisor to BAY AREA SKEPTICS]


  BOOK REVIEW AND SHAMELESS PLUG
  by Indigo Blinkin'

  "BEYOND BEYOND BEYOND" by Shillaber Montabue, Wide-Awake Books, Box
  659, El Cerrito, CA 94530. $9.95 (add $2 P&H and, if unfortunate
  enough to be a resident of California, tax). Edited with
  explanatory notes on Renaissance English by Robert A. Steiner.

  [Steiner's at it again. This time he's unearthed a Sixteenth
  Century masterpiece of Foresight. Forget Nostradamus. Montabue had
  all the answers. I contacted Professor Jo-Anne Boche of the
  Department of Sort-of-Renaissance Philosophy, University of the
  Very Low Countries in Europe, to verify the authenticity of the
  manuscript. The good doctor supplied me with a translation from the
  Dutch of the time of a contemporary book review (c. 1603) by an
  English scholar, who being out of favor at home for over-bleeding
  a rich client, was lying low in the Low Countries. -- Ed.]

  Bah! Another philosopher abandons the traditional ways and the
  wisdom of the Ancients to look at the rational world and pretend
  the spiritual world is unconcerned with mankind.

  It's a mark of sloth to oversimplify the cosmos by ignoring the
  rich world of evil and helpful spirits as explanations for the
  illnesses and desperations of mankind. To give honor to a woman
  [Montabue's mentor was the first woman philosopher at Oxford --
  Editor] as teacher is to deny her as the mother of evil. The
  intellect belongs to man alone. For a woman to behave as
  philosopher is to honour Satan. For Oxford to deny me in her favor
  is to honour Satan and all his hordes.

  For anyone to read this modern horror is to waste his penny and
  threaten his physique with plagues and witchery, for the advice is
  not sound. Denying meat for vegetables is to weaken the man.
  Exercising will open the humours to invasion by the spirits of
  fatigue and pain. Ignoring the invisible world of magicks will
  certainly put the soul in jeopardy.

  Worst of all, this shameless Shillaber Montabue suggests an
  equality exists in the intercourse of the sexes. Surely he will be
  burned for this alone. Better to read my book, "A Thousand Ways to
  Make Friends and Influence Spirits".

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  [A copy of Indigo's 1601 manuscript was forwarded to Bob Steiner.
  He has not yet indicated if and when he'll publish it. First he has
  to learn Renaissance Dutch. -- Ed.]


  SKEPTICS SAFE

  The "S.F. Chronicle" (9-1-90) reported that Texas evangelist Larry
  Lea, "God's Green Beret," is due in the Bay Area on Halloween to do
  battle with Satanic forces.

  According to one of Lea's local warriors, San Jose pastor Dick
  Bernel, San Francisco is ruled by the "Spirit of Perversion,"
  Oakland, by the "Spirit of Murder," San Jose by the "Spirit of
  Greed," Watsonville by the "Spirit of Poverty" and Marin by the
  "Spirit of the New Age" (This powerful spirit apparently rules over
  one of the richest counties in the world rather than a mere city).

  The article quotes C. Peter Fuller, a professor of church growth at
  Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena, as saying that the idea of
  "territorial spirits" ruling over specific cities is being taken
  seriously by many Pentacostals and other conservative evangelicals.

  Bernel added, "This area has been a launching pad for a lot of
  things we consider unbiblical -- free sex, the homosexual movement,
  acid rock."

  According to religion reporter Don Lattin, who wrote the piece,
  "During the next two months, Lea will be promoting his San
  Francisco prayer blitz on his daily `Change Your Life' television
  show, which is aired on 40 independent stations across the
  country."

  Lea is reported to have signed 280,000 prayer warriors through this
  T.V. ministry. He promises a goal of 300,000 "intercessors" by the
  opening of the three-day Halloween crusade.

  Lea, who distributes "prayer army dog tags," has apparently limited
  the campaign to fighting the spirits of witchcraft, drugs and
  sexual perversion and said nothing about going after the "Spirit of
  Skepticism" so we're probably safe for another year.


  THE SKEPTIC'S ELECTRONIC BULLETIN BOARD
  => 2400 Baud, 415-648-8944
  => 24 hours, 7 days a week
  => Rick Moen, Sysop


  BAUMGARTNERS COME THROUGH AGAIN

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  Carol and Ben Baumgartner, pictured here with founder, Bob Steiner
  (right), hosted the annual Bay Area Skeptics picnic August 18th.

  Without question, the company was excellent and the features,
  including a demonstration of psychic surgery by founder/magician
  Bob Steiner, were superb.

  But the food was the real attraction, and the quality was to be
  savored. The quantity was more than a skeptic could ever imagine.
  For those of us who gave in to the temptation of overeating, we can
  justly blame the Baumgartners, who made the best-disciplined among
  us fall from grace.

  [Prentiss Willson contributed to this report.]


  WELCOME TO SWINDLEVILLE!
  (October meeting)
  by Robert A. Steiner

  All of you who think no con-artist can swindle you in one of his
  confidence games, raise your hand!

  Good! Those who raised your hands are the ones that the con-artists
  are primarily looking for. Those confidence game practitioners are
  knowledgeable on psychology, and use it in their operations. Those
  who think they cannot be "taken" are easy prey. Confidence game
  practitioners' expertise is preying on your morals, civic duty, and
  your desire to make a little extra money.

  This is an excellent opportunity to learn how the unscrupulous,
  fast-talking con-artists work. They not only work on the self-
  confident, but also on the poor and elderly. Steiner's skill as a
  magician is such that as you learn, you will be entertained at the
  same time.


  CALENDAR
  October meeting...

  Welcome to Swindleville
  by Robert A. Steiner

  Tuesday, October 23, 1990 7:30 pm
  El Cerrito Public Library
  6510 Stockton Avenue
  El Cerrito

  Watch for coming events in the BAS CALENDAR, or call 415-LA-TRUTH
  for up to the minute details on events. If you have ideas about
  topics or speakers, leave a message on the hotline.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  WARNING: We STRONGLY URGE that you call the hotline shortly before
  attending any Calendar activity to see if there have been any
  changes.


  --------------------------------------------
  |             WANTED                     |
  |                               |
  | => Original and appropriate graphics. |
  | => Someone who can accurately transcribe |
  | interviews from cassette tapes.            |
  | => A good photographer.                    |
  |                               |
  | THE HOURS are lousy, there is no pay |
  | (except that we quickly if grudgingly |
  | pay expenses) and you have to put up |
  | with our company.                        |
  |                               |
  | A sense of humor is helpful but not          |
  | required.                         |
  --------------------------------------------


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  "BASIS" STAFF:
  Yves Barbero, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Wilma Russell, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation;
  Kate Talbot, meeting coordinator; John Taube, media watch.


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the October 1990 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1990 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
