{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T18:14:30Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 74091, "source_ctime_ns": 1788550715794194606, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-11.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788550715791634344, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-11.pdf", "source_sha256": "32ee7345bc3135281728e1811c98768eae3738dd425c4761a2014065a8a21f14"}

----------------------------------------------------------
  November 1990 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ----------------------------------------------------------
          Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                 Vol. 9, No. 11
               Editor: Yves Barbero


  THOUGHT REFORM PROGRAMS AND THE PRODUCTION
  OF PSYCHIATRIC CASUALTIES
  by Margaret Thaler Singer, PhD and Richard Ofshe, PhD

  The term "thought reform" was introduced into the psychiatric
  literature by Lifton and the term "coercive persuasion" by Schein.
  Both described the organized "ideological remolding" programs
  introduced by the Chinese Communists after their 1949 takeover.

  Thought reform programs were used in the "revolutionary
  universities," other educational settings, and prison environments.
  Lifton, Schein, and other authors wrote about psychological effects
  in military and civilian prisoners, as well as in individuals
  exposed to thought reform programs in nonprison settings. These
  authors called attention to the manipulation processes that had
  been organized into effective physiological and social influence
  programs aimed at changing the political beliefs of individuals.

  As early as 1929, Mao Tse-tung was waging a "thought struggle" to
  achieve unity and discipline in the Chinese communist Party.
  Following the proclamation of the People's Republic of China in
  1949, hundreds of thousands were exposed to thought reform programs
  to achieve "ideological remolding." "Group struggle sessions"
  convinced individuals to denounce their past political views and to
  adopt the new state-approved political outlook.

  Neither mysterious methods nor arcane new techniques were involved;
  the effectiveness of thought reform programs did not depend on
  prison settings, physical abuse, or death threats. Programs used
  the organization and application of intense guilt/shame/anxiety
  manipulation, combined with the production of strong emotional
  arousal in settings where people did not leave because of social
  and psychological pressures or because of enforced confinement. The
  pressures could be reduced only by participants' accepting the
  belief system of adopting behaviors promulgated by purveyors of the
  thought reform programs.

  There have been two generations of interest in extreme influence
  and control programs. The first generation of interest was in
  Soviet and Chinese thought reform behavior control practices that
  were studied 20 to 30 years ago. The second generation of interest
  is in thought reform programs either currently operating or that
  have been in existence during the last decade in the United States
  and the Western world.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  Far more of these program exist than most nonspecialists realize,
  and these newer programs are more efficient and effective. They
  also may be more psychologically risky for individuals exposed to
  them than research suggest first-generation programs to have been.
  Second-generation programs use influence techniques long recognized
  as essential elements of thought reform programs, as well as a
  variety of new influence techniques. Such programs can and
  regularly do produce psychiatric casualties.

  Psychiatric casualties appear to result from errors in the
  application of these attitude-change programs. The subject person's
  motivation to adopt the manipulator's position and to become
  obedient is manufactured by inducing extreme anxiety and emotional
  distress. Lifton reported that the managers of first-generation
  programs attempted to closely monitor subjects so that when they
  reached the brink of decompensation, pressures could be reduced.
  The goal was to hold the subject at the point of maximum stress
  without inducing psychosis. Second-generation programs have
  increased room for error because subjects tend to be less well
  monitored, the techniques used to induce anxiety and stress are
  more powerful and less predictable in the magnitude of their
  effects on an individual, and often these programs attempt to
  induce conformity more rapidly than did first-generation programs.

  Second-generation thought reform programs also pose psychological
  risks to subjects because of the sophistication of the influence
  tactics employed. Attacking a person's evaluation of the self is a
  technique present in both older and newer programs. However, in
  first-generation programs, primary attack was made on the political
  aspects of an individual's self-concept -- a peripheral aspect of
  more people's sense of self.

  In the newer thought reform programs, attacks appear to be designed
  to destabilize the subject's more central aspects of the experience
  of the self. The newer programs undermine a person's basic
  consciousness, reality awareness, beliefs and world view, emotional
  control, and defense mechanisms. We suggest that attacking the
  stability and quality of evaluations of self-concepts is the
  principal effective technique used in the conduct of a coercive
  thought reform and behavior control program.

  Second-generation programs induce changes in expressed behavior and
  attitudes such as the earlier versions did by manipulating
  psychological and social influence variables within a format that
  generally follows a symbolic death and rebirth theme.
  Second-generation programs often included techniques similar to
  those found in first generation programs, eg, group pressure,
  modeling, accusations, and confessions.

  Additional sophisticated techniques to destabilize a person's sense of
  self and to induce anxiety and emotional distress are also employed.
  Second-generation programs often incorporate technical advances in
  influence production, such as hypnosis to intensify recalled or


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  imagined experiences, emotional flooding, sleep deprivation, stripping
  away of various psychological defense mechanisms, and the induction of
  cognitive confusion. Second-generation programs are illustrated by
  certain cults, in therapeutic communities gone astray, and in some
  large-group awareness programs.

  WHAT IS A THOUGHT REFORM PROGRAM?

  In essence, a thought reform program is behavioral change
  technology applied to cause the learning and adoption of an
  ideology or set of behaviors under certain conditions. It is
  distinguished from other forms of social learning by the conditions
  under which it is conducted and by the techniques of environmental
  and interpersonal manipulation employed to suppress particular
  behavior and to train others. Six conditions are simultaneously
  present in a thought reform program

  => Obtaining substantial control over an individual's time and
  thought content, typically by gaining control over major elements
  of the person's social and physical environment,

  => Systematically creating a sense of powerlessness in the person,

  => Manipulating a system of rewards, punishment, and experiences in
  such a way as to promote new learning of an ideology or belief
  system advocated by management,

  => Manipulating system of rewards, punishments, and experiences in
  such a way as to inhibit observable behavior that reflects the
  values and routines of life organization the individual displayed
  prior to contact with the group,

  => Maintaining a closed system of logic and an authoritarian
  structure in the organization, and

  => Maintaining a noninformed state existing in the subject.

  The last two conditions work because there is no effective way for
  the subject to influence the system and because the program moves
  along in such a way that the subject is unaware of being changed
  for a hidden organizational purpose. In a closed system of logic,
  criticism or complaints are handled by showing the subject that he
  or she is defective, not the organization. Observations may be
  turned around and argued to mean the opposite of what the critic
  intended.

  When a subject questions or doubts a tenet or rule, attention is
  called to factual information that suggests some internal
  contradiction with what the subject has been told; the criticism or
  observation is "turned around" and the subject made to feel he or
  she is wrong. In effect the subject is told, "You are always wrong;
  the system is always right." The system refuses to be modified
  except by executive order. In addition, by keeping a subject in a
  noninformed state, he or she functions in an environment to which

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  he or she is forced to adapt in a series of steps, each
  sufficiently minor so that the subject does not notice change in
  him- or herself and does not become aware of the goals of the
  program until late in the process (if ever).

  The tactics of a thought reform program are organized to
  destabilize individuals' sense of self by getting them to
  drastically reinterpret their life's history, radically alter their
  world view, accept a new version of reality and causality, and
  develop dependency on the organization, thereby being turned into
  a deployable agent of the organization operating the thought reform
  program.

  TYPES OF PSYCHOLOGICAL RESPONSES

  Not everyone who is exposed to a thought reform system is
  successfully manipulated nor does everyone respond with major
  reactive symptoms. Some authors described the psychological
  responses and casualties seen in the first-generation. No
  definitive figures about casualty rates for second-generation
  programs can be offered. However, scattered anecdotal reports in
  the psychiatric literature, the number of people seeking treatment,
  counseling, and other forms of help after leaving thought reform
  programs, and the growing number of persons seeking compensation
  for damages through litigation suggests that many experience
  different degrees and durations of distress, disability, and a
  dysfunction following such programs.

  Actual rates of damage may be far higher than estimations made from
  the sources cited above. The sole experimental study of the
  destructive potential of encounter groups reports psychological
  casualty rates higher than 10% for those groups that use intrusive
  and high confrontation techniques with aggressive leaders. These
  damaging techniques have much in common with the destabilizing
  techniques of second-generation programs. The full range of
  personality and situational factors that predispose individuals to
  be become psychological casualties are not known at this time.

  Second-generation thought reform programs expose participants to
  exercises and experiences that disrupt psychological defense
  systems, causing some individuals to be flooded with emotions and
  others to dissociate and split off parts of their awareness.
  Psychological decompensations and the onset of other symptoms
  appear related to the combined effects of features described
  earlier, especially to rapid, intense arousal of adversive
  emotional states and to dissociation- producing techniques.

  CASE EXAMPLES

  Both of the following cases illustrate the production of
  psychiatric casualties in individuals exposed to thought reform
  programs. Neither individual described below had a history of
  personal or family mental disorder.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  KIRK

  Kirk illustrates the splitting or doubling of the self that occurs
  when one drops an ordinary world view and accepts the alternative
  world view trained through exposure to a thought reform program.
  Professionals who treated Kirk diagnosed his condition as
  relaxation-induced anxiety that evolved into panic attacks and
  atypical dissociative states.

  He affiliated with a mantra meditation group initially attempting
  to "empty the mind" of all reflective thoughts for a few minutes
  each morning and evening. The mantra, supposedly a meaningless
  word, is the Sanskrit name of a Hindu deity.

  Kirk has an advanced degree in a physical science from a
  prestigious university. A friend took him to a free lecture on how
  to reduce stress in one's life. Kirk was not stressed, but
  responded favorably to the lecturer's charts and graphs alleging
  scientific proof that meditation was accomplishing feats unknown to
  mankind -- except through the group leader's methods. Because of
  its seemingly scientific basis, Kirk paid his fees and began
  meditation lessons. These lessons began with short periods of
  meditation, which soon lengthened and were combined with prolonged
  periods of chanting and hyperventilation.

  After a few months he began to have bouts of chest pains, fainting
  spells, palpitations, and lassitude. When he complained at the
  meditation center of his symptoms, he was assured these were normal
  signs of "unstressing" and evidence that he was reaching a higher
  state of consciousness. Hence, Kirk discounted his distress,
  accepting it as the price he had to pay to reach the leader's
  promised goal. Had Kirk not been following the meditation practice
  with simultaneous involvement with the group, he probably would
  have abandoned the practice as soon as he started having adverse
  reactions.

  During one panic attack, he was taken to an emergency room where a
  physician attributed his condition to "stress and pressure." He
  stopped meditating for a few days, and the symptoms disappeared.
  However, the group instructed him to increase the time he chanted,
  hyperventilated and mediated. Over the years, his condition
  worsened. Panic attacks continued, he reported he felt "space out"
  and forgetful, and he began to let his career, social life, and
  intellectual development decline. Upon advice from the group
  leader, to help his deteriorating condition, he frequently spent 8
  hours a day for an entire week, chanting hyperventilating, and
  mediating. He spent several individual months on such a regime.

  His distress increased. He was markedly dizzy and objects seemed to
  swirl, float and waver in the air. He felt nauseous, disoriented,
  distraught, and confused. At work he began to lose confidence in
  his abilities and worried that he had slipped into insanity.

  He soon found himself unable to focus on his surroundings; when he

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  did, things appeared distorted, obscure, and foreign. He felt
  overwhelmed by anxiety, depression nausea, and debilitation. He
  took a week off from work and sat crying in his apartment in an
  apparent state of depersonalization and derealization, accompanied
  by a multitude of odd sensations and mental contents. He visited
  several general practitioners who could not diagnose his symptoms.

  One day while driving he lost his memory. He was unable to recall
  who he was or where he was going. He parked and went into a
  restaurant. When he left, it took him 2 hours to find his car
  because he had forgotten where he had parked. Soon after this
  transient but alarming amnesic episode, he resigned from his job
  because he could no longer instruct workers as part of his
  technical job. When he had to speak he felt faint, lost track of
  what he was saying, and was unable to function.

  BEVERLY

  Beverly, now 27, was in a cult from ages 15 to 24. For 2 years
  after leaving the cult she was too frightened to seek help or to
  tell anyone what had happened during the 9 years she was in the
  group. Finally, she saw a psychologist over a prolonged period.
  Initial symptoms were severe depression, anxiety, multiple phobias,
  and identity diffusion. After story unfolded during therapy, a
  diagnosis of posttraumatic stress disorder was made. The following
  is abstracted from a report written by her therapists.

  The group Beverly joined was started by an immigrant who conferred
  upon himself the titles of guru, yogi, and teacher after reaching
  the United States. He began to collect a small following by
  advertising himself as an exercise and diet specialist.

  A relative of Beverly's had lived for some time in the commune he
  developed. The relative asked 15-year-old Beverly to spend the
  summer in the commune; she remained in the commune for 9 years.
  Beverly was an easy mark for the leader and his assistants to
  completely dominate. His indoctrination and influence program led
  her to believe all his claims -- that he was the most learned man
  alive, that he knew hidden health and living secrets which he would
  reveal to her. The group practiced bizarre and ever-changing diets.
  Beverly came to think the leader was omniscient, omnipresent, and
  omnipotent. He treated her as his protege, subjecting her to
  endless sessions of indoctrination and withdrawing alternative
  sources of social support until she became totally dependent on
  him.

  She believed that he knew all the secrets of the universe. She
  believed that he held the power of life and death over her and her
  family because he claimed that he was above the law and that he
  could order the execution of anyone who displeased him. He
  repeatedly stated that he would have her and her family put to
  death if she ever left him. Eventually when she did attempt to
  leave after almost 9 years, he put her under armed guard and
  prevented her from leaving. The most traumatic episodes which the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  leader began after Beverly had been in the group several years. He
  told her that he was going to cure her of what he termed her sexual
  neurosis. He proceeded to rape her while she became stunned,
  depressed, withdrawn, and suicidal.

  For nearly 3 years, she was anally and genitally raped repeatedly
  and given gratuitous brutal beatings by the leader. She became
  pregnant twice; each time the leader ordered her to have an
  abortion. Hours after undergoing one of the abortions, he raped
  her. Beverly eventually ceased to regard him as divine after she
  developed herpes and chronic kidney and bladder infections; she saw
  him only as a violent, brutal rapist. At this point, the leader
  assigned armed guards to restrain her from escaping. She remained
  a virtual prisoner for over a year. She finally escaped several
  years ago still believing the leader or his helpers would find and
  kill her and her parents. This fear continues.

  Beverly has a driving phobia. This appears related to the leader
  telling her that if she ever left him she would die in an
  automobile crash. After a year of treatment, she is able to drive
  short distances, but only at the expense of considerable anxiety.

  Beverly becomes excruciatingly anxious over what she calls
  "flashbacks." She vividly reexperiences how she felt when she had
  to sit for endless hours listening to the rambling, nonsensical
  lectures given by the leader. During those lectures, she resented
  having to sit for so long, yet she was unable to move or leave. She
  feared that the leader had magical powers and that if she incurred
  his disfavor, she would come to harm or even die as he claimed
  happened to those who defied him. Because of these negative
  associations with prolonged sitting, she has been unable to attend
  classes, church services, or similar events. Thus, her educational
  level remains as it was at age 15 when she entered the cult.

  She has panic attacks with agoraphobia in which she has to abandon
  whatever she is doing and return to her apartment to feel safe.
  These attacks have prevented her from maintaining employment and
  reliably enjoying recreational activities. She has an ever-present,
  free-floating sense of foreboding and dread.

  Beverly has trouble going to sleep, as fearful images of the leader
  intrude, arousing fear. When she does sleep, she has nightmares
  involving his attacks on her. She sleeps fully dressed because she
  fears she may have to flee the leader's guards. This is not without
  foundation as such happened before she escaped from the commune.
  Her numbed, stunned state seen at the start of therapy has
  declined, but the rest of the posttraumatic stress syndrome
  remains. She feels her life is ruined and suffers generalized
  anhedonia.

  SUMMARY

  The techniques used to induce belief, change, and dependency by
  various thought reform programs appear to be related to the type of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  psychiatric casualty the program tends to produce. Large-group
  awareness training programs appear more likely to induce mood and
  affect disorders. Groups that use prolonged mantra and empty-mind
  meditation, hyperventilation, and chanting appear more likely to
  have participants who develop relaxation-induced anxiety, panic
  disorder, marked dissociative problems, and cognitive
  inefficiencies. Therapeutic community thought reform programs
  appear more likely to induce enduring fears, self-mutilation, self-
  abasement, and inappropriate display of artificial assertiveness
  and emotionality.

  Many people subjected to thought reform programs of sufficient
  duration report transient to longer lasting cognitive
  inefficiencies with impaired concentration, attention, and memory.
  Most are self-reported observations; others come from family and
  friends who note the inefficiencies either were not present prior
  to the thought reform program or are exacerbations of preexisting
  tendencies.

  There is an interactional-transactional interplay between a
  program's philosophical contents, exercises, and practices, and
  each person exposed to it. The thought reform program impinges on
  cognition, defenses, affects, values, and conduct. Additionally
  each person's genetic-biological makeup, life experiences,
  personality, and mental make-up interact with the stressors induced
  by the interface of the person's old value, belief, and behavior
  codes with the new beliefs and behavior promulgated by the program.

  Prediction of any one person's responses to anyone thought reform
  regime is difficult, if not impossible. However, as with all
  stressful, conflict-inducing, and intense negative emotionally
  arousing situations, certain forms of behavioral pathology are more
  likely than other types to occur among individuals exposed to
  certain combinations of stressors.

  [DR. SINGER is Adjunct Professor, Dept. of Psychology at UC
  Berkeley and our November speaker. DR. OFSHE is Professor, Dept. of
  Sociology, UC Berkeley and an advisor to BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Used
  with permission.

  Please Note: The purpose of reprinting the above article is to give
  our readers an overview of "Thought Reform Programs." The article
  has been substantially edited and cut. The footnotes are missing.
  Those interested in the material for clinical or legal reasons
  should refer to the original. Reprints may be obtained by writing
  to Lester J. Robeson, SLACK Incorporated, 6900 Grove Street,
  Thorofare, NJ 08086. Published in Psychiatric Annals
  20(4):188-193.]


  Review
  LIFE THROUGH TIME
  by Tom Woosnam

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  In the unlikely event that you've ever needed an additional reason
  to visit the California Academy of Sciences in Golden Gate Park,
  the latest exhibit, "Life Through Time," more than serves.

  The purpose of the exhibit is to present the evidence for evolution
  based on fossils and comparative anatomy and to give a brief
  history of life itself. A short videotape presentation in the
  antechamber gives the visitor an overview of the ideas of evolution
  but the fun really begins as the visitor almost literally walks
  into a wall of rock strata, a geological column of fossils
  stretching to the ceiling.

  As if to emphasize the entire revolutionary jump, the facing wall
  features "Lifemap," a bank of eight computers linked to interactive
  laser video disks, each showing a different major group of closely
  related organisms. The paths to the computers are marked by lights
  embedded in the floor whose colors demonstrate the shared features
  of the groups. Red lights, for instance, stand for DNA so all the
  computer stations are connected by red. (One small quibble here --
  there was no indication that I could find out what the other
  colored lights really stood for. Since this part of the exhibit is
  still under construction, I imagine that this information will be
  added later.)

  From Lifemap, one follows the evolutionary trail from room to room
  -- "Early Life in the Sea," "Transition to Land," "The Age of
  Dinosaurs," "The Age of Mammals," and "Lines of Evidence."
  Highlights for me included the full size flying dinosaur,
  quetzalcoatlus, with its enormous beak, the full scale allosaurus
  attacking a camptosaurus (both are skeletons) and the largest and
  most stunning hologram I have ever seen -- the full size skull of
  the tyrannosaurus rex.

  A favorite attraction for the kids in the crowd was the "Fish out
  of Water" interactive video, which involves the viewer in deciding
  which evolutionary paths a fish should take to survive as a land
  creature complete with consequences for the wrong decisions (keep
  eating bugs dude and you're not going to have the energy to escape
  that big guy on your tail who wants you for lunch). One subtle
  feature that I appreciated throughout was the placement of rotating
  globes showing the relative position of the Earth's land masses due
  to the continental drift at each evolutionary transition.

  Some questions came up during the tour concerning what could be
  added to make this a solid educational experience for those kids
  who tend to spend little time at each area before they rush to the
  next attraction. It would be good to see a worksheet of some kind
  that school groups could use to ensure that some pattern could be
  extracted out of the mass of information that is presented.

  As to the ongoing struggle with anti-evolutionists, it also might
  have been useful if typical creationist arguments could have been
  posted along the way with evolutionist rebuttals. This would have


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  fitted in the overall reason for the exhibit and could have
  provided concise, valuable and much needed information for parents
  and teachers who are often stymied by the convolutions of
  creationist logic (an oxymoron?)

  But these are nitpicks. The whole presentation is visually
  stunning, superbly organized and a treasure that is unique to the
  Bay Area.

  [Tom Woosnam teaches physics at the Crystal Springs Uplands
  School.]


  THANKS!

  Our thanks to Eugenie Scott, Raliegh McLemore, and John Taube for
  their efforts in making this tour work!


  "LIFE THROUGH TIME" TOUR A SUCCESS
  by John Taube

  How fortunate we are that Bay Areas Skeptics has EUGENIE (GENIE)
  SCOTT, PhD as one of its directors. Genie was our tour guide
  September 22nd for the California Academy of Sciences'
  breath-taking exhibit of evolution, LIFE THROUGH TIME. The exhibit
  is organized so artistically and professionally, that you can see
  life passing through time with all its fascinating evolutionary
  changes. The exhibit makes it obvious that life is evolving.

  Acting as guide, Genie was put to a great disadvantage. There was
  plenty of distraction from the noise of the over-flowing crowd. But
  Genie's pauses in talking and her use of an ingenuous home-made
  megaphone, made the very best of a difficult situation.

  Combining her thorough understanding of physical anthropology with
  an exciting manner of teaching, Genie came well prepared for this
  tour. She had made a special pre-tour trip to the Academy to
  familiarize herself with all of the exhibit's details. First Genie
  took the group to a video demonstration of evolution and, after the
  group viewed the video, she outlined the main points of evolution.
  Her comments on the inconsistency of creationism showed the
  problems that the pseudo-science holds. She guided the group
  through the various rooms, spelling out the highlights that the
  visitor should look for in a particular exhibit. The group was then
  on its own, to explore details. As questions arose, Genie was there
  to answer them.

  The tour was unfortunately limited to 40 and some subscribers had
  to be turned down. No arrangements have been made, as yet, to do
  another tour, but those who are interested in one, should make
  their requests known.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  Letter to the Editor
  SECULAR RELIGIOSITY
  by Walter R. Hearn

  In a letter to "BASIS" (Oct. '90), Thomas H. Jukes responded to an
  exchange between William Bennetta (Apr. '90) and myself (July '90
  concerning the American Scientific Affiliation (ASA) and ASA's
  booklet, "Teaching Science in a Climate of Controversy". Jukes
  could see no difference between ASA's statement of faith in God as
  "the Creator of the physical universe," and the "scientific
  creationist" position that God created everything some 6,000 to
  20,000 years ago. To me the degree of difference is roughly
  analogous to the difference between concluding that Walt Hearn and
  Tom Jukes must be genetically related and asserting that Walt Hearn
  and Tom Jukes had the same grandfather.

  True, the ASA and "creationist" positions are both statements of
  religious conviction, which may be what Jukes meant by lumping them
  together: "I do not agree that real scientists will sign such
  statements." Yet he couldn't see why Cornell biologist William
  Provine was bought into the discussion. Surely the personal credo
  that Provine signed HIS name to ("No inherent moral or ethical laws
  exist, nor are there absolute guiding principles for human society.
  The universe cares nothing for us and we have no ultimate
  purpose.") is as much a "frankly religious construct" as ASA's
  theistic credo. Professor Provine is one "real scientist" who has
  used his name to back a religious position.

  Opponents of theism sometimes resent having their positions
  designated as religious, so I referred to Provine's atheistic credo
  as IDEOLOGICAL, a broader term that includes the "secular
  religiosity Langdon Gilkey warned about in "Creationism on Trial"
  (Winston Press, 1985) after testifying for the ACLU in Arkansas
  "Balanced Treatment" trial. Gilkey urged members of the scientific
  community to become clearer on the "limits" of science ("the kinds
  of questions it asks and those that it does and can NOT ask"), lest
  "in witnessing to their own secular religiosity," they "breed
  creationists as fast as they encourage humanists" (pp. 135-6).
  That's the kind of non-scientific point Robert Root-Bernstein said
  must be learned by both sides to end the educational battle.

  Jukes called ASA's distinction between evolutionary science and
  evolutionary naturalism, "double-talk." But ("in the words of Judge
  Overton"), "Evolution does not presuppose the absence of a creator
  or God." When it DOES, it has become scientism. The real double-
  talk consists of using the same word, EVOLUTION, for scientism as
  well as science, a confusion that lies at the root of much of the
  current public controversy. To me, "taking evolution seriously" as
  science includes defining the term carefully and guarding it
  against misuse.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  That CERTAINTY Jukes wants to claim for a common ape-human ancestry
  is neither mathematical nor forensic. As I understand it, in
  tracing "disappeared" children in Argentina, molecular evidence of
  descent is not "overwhelming" beyond a couple of generations. At
  present what scientists have, thousands of generations back, is an
  INFERENCE or HYPOTHESIS of ancestry. To avoid offending the
  ideological certainty of people like Jukes, however, in 1989 the
  ASA authors changed the question in "Teaching Science..." to "What
  is known of the Earliest Hominid?" and restated our conclusion:
  "Too many problems remain unresolved and too many pieces of
  evidence are missing to say that the search for human origins is
  over." As Jukes says, "in the days of Darwin, T. H. Huxley and
  Bishop Wilberforce," many people thought evolutionary biology had
  settled the basic questions. But they also thought that of
  Newtonian physics.

  [Walter Hearn is a former biochemistry professor who now edits the
  "ASA NEWSLETTER". He is a coauthor of "Teaching Science in a
  Climate of Controversy".]


  A HUMBLE SUGGESTION
  by Yves Barbero

  As "BASIS" was headed for press, the TV news announced that a
  museum and its director had been absolved of obscenity for
  displaying photographs, some of which depicted homosexual acts and
  naked children.

  I wondered what the fuss had been about in the first place. Such an
  exhibit has no attraction for me so its unlikely that I'd ever go
  (except from morbid curiosity due to the notorious publicity). But
  if someone else wants to see it, what business is it of mine? I
  probably wouldn't listen to "rap" lyrics, whether sexually explicit
  or not. That's not my idea of poetry. But then again, I love folk
  music and have been known to listen to some pretty lewd lyrics from
  Merrie 'Ol England. Why shouldn't others listen to that metronome
  nonsense if they want to.

  Borrowing paper and pencil from Einstein, I decided to conduct a
  short thought experiment and asked myself three questions.

  => What is a community standard (or more accurately, how is it
  measured)? A community standard is whatever a prosecutor or police
  agency says it is until modified by a judge or jury if it comes to
  that. Ultimately, one to twelve people decide after having to
  listen to "experts" and the accused. It's possible that some people
  think there is a group mind but as skeptics, we would require some
  extraordinary proof to accept that.

  => At what point would I allow the government to act as censor?
  Giving this grave thought, I decided that I would allow the
  government to prohibit the publication of ship schedules in time of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  war.

  => What is obscenity? Obscenity is whatever the dominant group says
  it is. Japan does not permit the publication of pubic hair.
  Imported "Playboy" magazines are individually airbrushed by
  teenaged boys on the theory that they're too young to be affected
  by such a sight. A minority (Fundamentalists) with a heavy
  influence on local police agencies had members of a another
  minority group (African Americans) arrested for "dirty" lyrics in
  Florida. In San Francisco, where African Americans hold more
  influence, it could not have happen.

  The conclusion is that community standards are not really
  measurable (a legal guess at best) but that community interests are
  (a ship schedule in war time) and that the concept of obscenity is
  meaningless since it differs from society to society and groups
  within society.

  Add to this the problem of having influential groups (minority or
  otherwise) using their political strength to put down other groups
  or more probably, to build up their own groups for control and/or
  fund raising purposes by an appeal to internal prejudices.

  The solution is really simple. Drop the concept of a community
  standard and settle for a multiple of individual standards. I, as
  an individual, can decide what I will tolerate for myself. In the
  name of community interest, I would have no problem with an
  arbitrary legal requirement that a museum exhibit specify that some
  of the material portrayed might offend some people. We already give
  the government power to tell us cigarettes are bad for us. Common
  sense will make such a system work. I don't foresee a runaway
  situation whereby the government would warn us that certain color
  schemes don't work for obese persons.

  So long as Big Brother does not put us in jail for expressed ideas.


  CENSORSHIP

  To censor is to imply that one person's judgement is somehow better
  than another's. It is a fear that information will somehow corrupt
  the character of the person absorbing it. The censor, however, is
  somehow immune.

  In this country, censorship has usually taken the form of
  controlling emotion rather than politics. Erotica is usually the
  subject of censorship. A legal fiction has made a distinction
  between erotica and pornography. This allows art, which is erotic
  by its very nature, to exist while allowing the prosecution of
  "non-art" pornography, usually defined as the "commercial" use of
  sex.

  This is all complicated by the notion by some ethical and/or

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  religious groups that their vision of "natural law" is somehow
  universal.

  Since Americans do not trust each other to behave "morally" without
  a law and cannot accept that sexuality in all its diverse forms is
  somehow part of the human condition, censorship will plague us in
  one form or another for a long time. -- Y.B.


  LOOSE ENDS

  The AUSTIN MILES June 26th talk, sponsored the BAY AREA SKEPTICS,
  has been shown on San Francisco Cable, channel 25. If you subscribe
  to cable outside San Francisco and would like to have it shown
  locally, call your cable company. Paul Bernadino, (415) 673-4609,
  will arrange the loan of a copy of the tape.

  Pictures were taken at the BAY AREA SKEPTICS' Gala Barbecue/Picnic.
  These photos will be at the upcoming November meeting. If you are
  in a picture, you may take a copy (on a first claim basis).


  THE SKEPTIC'S ELECTRONIC BULLETIN BOARD
  => 2400 Baud, 415-648-8944
  => 24 hours, 7 days a week
  => Rick Moen, Sysop


  ANSWERS TO HALLOWE'EN PUZZLES

  [In last month's issue, we printed puzzles published in 1594 by
  Shillaber Montabue. Since we could not locate the following issue
  of the chronicle in which they were published, we do not have Dr.
  Montabue's answers. We have asked Bob Steiner to psychically
  project over the centuries and come up with the answers. Despite an
  overheated crystal ball and psychic exhaustion, Steiner came
  through again. -Ed.]

  ANSWER TO PUZZLE NUMBER ONE

  The probability is one in THREE that his children are both girls.
  Following are the four possibilities when one has two children:

  Possibility Number                 First Child Second Child
      1                       Girl          Girl
      2                       Girl          Boy
      3                       Boy           Girl
      4                       Boy           Boy

  The speaker at the party is not possibility number four; that is,
  he does not have two boys. Anyone whose children were born under

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  possibility numbers 1, 2, or 3 could make the statement spoken in
  Dr. Montabue's puzzle. Therefore, there is a one in three
  probability that the speaker has two girls.
  ANSWER TO PUZZLE NUMBER TWO

  You ask either witch: "If I were to ask the other witch which is
  the door to the party, what would she answer?" Enter the door NOT
  indicated in the answer.

  OR you may ask either witch: "If I had asked you an hour ago which
  is the door to the party, what would you have told me?" Enter the
  door that IS indicated in the answer.

  I hope you all enjoyed the party and the puzzles.

  -- Bob Steiner


  MODERN BRAINWASHING TECHNIQUES

  If you isolate an individual long enough, have complete control
  over what that individual hears and sees, and the individual has
  weak self-esteem, you have all the ingredients necessary to mold
  him or her to your will.

  But do you?

  Maybe it's not the individual with weak self-esteem. Perhaps it's
  the individual who is sure, so sure that a mere doubt has to be
  planted. Maybe there's more than one way to change a person.

  How do modern cults do it?

  What is the history of political brainwashing? How do they relate?
  Are certain people marked for brainwashing by their personality?
  How are they spotted?

  Can YOU be brainwashed? Is intelligence and/or skepticism a shield?
  Is sense-deprivation necessary? Starvation? Sexual abuse? Beatings?
  Maybe not!

  Dr. Margaret Singer will discuss both the myths and realities of
  thought reform. Be prepared to have illusions shattered.

  BAS advisor and co-founder Wallace Sampson, MD, will introduce Dr.
  Singer.


  CALENDAR
  November meeting...
  GULLIBILITY, GUILT, AND CULTS

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  by Margaret Thaler Singer, PhD

  Tuesday, Nov. 20, 1990, 7:30 pm
  The Planetarium, College of San Mateo
  1700 W. Hillsdale Avenue
  San Mateo

  Directions: From US 101 or 280, turn onto Hwy 92. Go to West
  Hillsdale Blvd. to CSM Dr. and go to Parking lot #15 or #2. Have 75
  cents in exact change for the machine.

  Watch for coming events in the BAS CALENDAR, or call 415-LA-TRUTH
  for up to the minute details on events. If you have ideas about
  topics or speakers, leave a message on the hotline.

  WARNING: We STRONGLY URGE that you call the hotline shortly before
  attending any Calendar activity to see if there have been any
  changes.


  CALENDAR
  December meeting...
  POT LUCK PARTY
  Kate Talbot's House, 479 Ebken, Pacifica, 359-5555
  Sunday, December 9, 1990, 5 pm

  Bring a "pot" of salad, main course, or dessert, and optionally
  BYOB.

  Directions: From CA Rte. 1, west on Fassler and first left on
  Ebken.


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  "BASIS" STAFF:
  Yves Barbero, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Wilma Russell, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation;

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
  Kate Talbot, meeting coordinator; John Taube, media watch.


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the November 1990 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1990 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:05]
