{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T16:01:25Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 68816, "source_ctime_ns": 1788559039841051286, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-08.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788559039838153086, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-08.pdf", "source_sha256": "454a6d130f49309d5bf52b358d8d0052e2684fa0fb59f647c6c5dfe547aa686b"}

--------------------------------------------------------
  August 1988 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  --------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 7, No. 8
              Editor: Kent Harker


  BIG SOOTHSAYER BYTES APPLE
  by Don Henvick

  A friend calls a while back and tells me about a demonstration a so-
  called psychic is gonna give down the S.F. peninsula. I've seen this
  particular guy do his mumbo-jumbo before, but two aspects of this
  thing promise for some interesting developments. The psychic is gonna
  take questions from the audience after he does his thing, and the
  venue, far from being Madame LaZonga's Meditation Parlor, is part of a
  lecture series given by and for the employees of a very biggish
  computer company named for a popular and very distinguished fruit. So,
  this lot of hard-headed, scientifico-technical types will be less
  likely than most to get goo-goo eyed over what our miracle boy will
  have to offer. We shall see.

  The auditorium is packed with several hundred assorted folk eager to
  see what an enlightened mind has to offer that their mere-mortal types
  don't, and that maybe even their favorite computer brain can't match.

  Our Boy Seer is introduced and goes into his routine. I'm particularly
  fond of this guy because he doesn't do too much of the dreary cold
  reading which usually sends yours truly off to nap land in short
  order. His stuff is more visual, a combination of psychological arm-
  twisting and outright, though nicely camouflaged flim-flammery.

  He starts out with seeing how the power of suggestion can affect some
  folks in the audience more than others. The most suggestible are
  praised for being more sensitive and psychic than the rest of us
  clods, and the Bogus Seer makes it a point to go back to these more
  pliable ones as the show progresses. Much of what he does is
  "explained" in terms of psychology and subtle body reactions for the
  benefit of those who may be less receptive than others to the astral-
  spirit explanation. But then the B.S. cheats like hell to make sure
  that his impressions are correct.

  I'll give you an example. Twice, not once, but twice, he gets the
  audience to believe that by watching their reactions or taking
  someone's pulse he can tell if someone is lying or not. Those of us
  with some notions about psychology know this is true -- to a point.
  But the B.S. stretches it beyond the point of credulity, especially
  for those of us with some smarts in magic, when he ensures the outcome
  of his "Clever-Hans" experiment by engaging in some sleight of hand.

  His demonstration of the power of the mind is nothing more than a


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  cheesy magic trick, though it seems like very few in this august
  assembly are aware of it. It makes no difference that these folks
  spend their days calculating and such like that, they're just as
  eager, if not more, to lap this stuff up, so the Bogus Seer really
  starts to dish it out. The B.S. hits 'em with stuff right off the
  shelf of every magician's mental magic library.

  Picture this: he holds up a newspaper column and moves a pair of
  scissors up and down while a (randomly-selected) member of the
  audience tells him when to cut. The top line where the cut was made
  reads as he predicted, in writing, before the show. Strong stuff?
  You bet. Fake stuff? You bet. How about being able to figure out one
  line out of a whole book that a spectator is thinking of? How about
  letting a spectator he's never seen before choose one card out of a
  pack and that one card happens to have her name written on it!

  The B.S. has started off slow with stuff maybe anybody can do -- maybe
  it's coincidence -- and has imperceptibly swayed into more amazing
  stuff, taking the audience along with him. The more skeptical in the
  audience aren't asked to swallow the whole thing at once, just slowly
  invited to let their minds accept something a little improbable,
  'cause after all, "science hasn't figured out everything; maybe there
  are some things we don't understand, so don't be closed-minded." Once
  they've given this guy the benefit of the doubt, once they've
  surrendered their skepticism, he takes more and more advantage 'till,
  at the end, while I'm saying "Phooey!" they're saying, "Maybe!" and
  everybody else is saying, "Wow!" They should have just said "No!" to
  the Bogus Seer.

  The demonstration finally winds up and I'm looking forward to the
  question period, but first the lecture organizer has an announcement.
  I'm not too surprised to hear it but I think the audience is and maybe
  you will be, too. The announcement is, "You've been had!" The B.S. is
  our own B.S., Bob Steiner, doing his fake-psychic bit and doing it
  very nicely, thank you. Patiently, Bob explains that he is a phonus-
  balonus, doing his thing in an effort to see if the employees of
  Unnamed Fruit Computer Company are as gullible as everybody else. They
  are. Which is not to say they are dumb -- not at all -- but if they
  accept demonstrations of the paranormal without proper controls,
  there's no telling where they might let themselves be led.

  Questions follow a familiar pattern: "How did you do it?" "Maybe
  ghosts are not real, but how about UFOs?" "How DID you do it?" My
  favorite is from a seemingly intelligent young woman who asks Bob if
  he mediates, and if not, how can he get those powers that he uses?

  Some people never get the message no matter how clear.


  POP GOES PSI

  S.F. Examiner science writer Keay Davidson, critic of psi and very
  sympathetic to the goals of CSICOP did a wonderful piece on the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  current state of parapsychology.

  It seems that the Bottom Line is probably going to be the determining
  factor for the immediate future of parapsychology. In the ever-
  tightening fiscal realities of the '80s, the "'70s high has become the
  '80s low," observes Davidson. Due to the dismal failure of some of the
  most prestigious parapsychology institutions to produce anything
  significant, government grants have dried up, and private grants are
  also on the wane. The Pentagon has suffered some embarrassment from
  some of the kooky projects begun to counter the alleged "psi-gap," and
  has withdrawn funding from a two-year, $425,000 study. To this
  economic crunch was added a crushing blow from the prestigious
  National Research Council (NRC), "which has concluded there is `no
  scientific justification, from research conducted over a period of
  130 years, for the existence of parapsychological phenomena.'"

  Here in the Bay Area, the most important center of parapsychological
  research is J. F. Kennedy University in Orinda, and it is on the brink
  of closing its parapsychology laboratory. Elsewhere well-know
  researcher Charles Honorton announced that his Princeton, N.J. lab
  just lost a $300,000-a-year private grant. Honorton et al. blamed the
  NRC in a searing press release for the funding crisis, charging the
  NRC with "bias and unfairly lumping parapsychology with a wackier fad
  -- people who try to communicate with plants."

  One of the principal architects of the NRC summary is CSICOP's Ray
  Hyman from the University of Oregon. For his part Hyman has become the
  focus of a concerted attack from the circling wagons of the 300-member
  Parapsychological Association of North Carolina.

  "You can't believe what venom has been directed at me," Hyman said.
  "I've been called everything -- a hatchet man, a religious zealot,
  everything."

  Probably the most telling comment came from Brendan O'Regan of the
  Institute of Noetic Science in Sausalito. "The field has been
  demoralized by CSICOP's activities, starved to death by the lack of
  funding, and flogged to death by researchers pursuing the same old
  questions."

  For the first 120 years the parapsychologists had the stage all to
  themselves -- there lacked a cohesive, united front to confront the
  hemorrhage of irrationality. CSICOP is now the vehicle, and it has
  proved to be the truncheon that has breached the gates.

  Who says we aren't making a dent?


  A WORM IN THE APPLE

  Steiner's presentation at Apple was not met with universal elation.
  When you pry the lid off psychic nonsense, the believers just don't
  take too kindly to the light in which they are suddenly bathed. At the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  end of Steiner's exhibition, organizer Joe Wujek announced to the
  startled crowd that, "You've been had. This was a hoax." (See Don
  Henvick's article about the presentation.)

  A disgruntled employee posted the following diatribe on the AppleLink
  electronic mail, edited for space but otherwise left in its pristine,
  garbled original, misspelling, punctuation and all. Instead of filling
  the thing with a bunch of "sic", an asterisk will serve to note it is
  not our poor proofreading. All ellipses are original. (Permission to
  print was granted by Mr. Wujek.)

  "To: WUJEK

  "Unfortunately, you're right...this was was a hoax. Instead of hearing
  what we thought and what was advertized* to be, as a lecture by a
  psychic investigator, we got magic tricks! Does this make sense? What
  happened to the lecture, the experiences and common ways people are
  influenced or tricked.* He was asked more than three times to explain
  a particular item `the birthday game', and he had difficulty in
  communicating probability I can understand; his mumbo-jumbo and
  explanations and yours, frankly, were not communicated well at all.

  "He didn't even feel he could devulge* some of his basic magic
  tricks... what a joke. My brother did magic and I've always enjoyed
  it. I've seen great magicians.... Most of them were enjoyable and
  entertaining and I was a willing participant whether I new* how it was
  done or not.

  "We came and were asked to listen patiently and to particpate* in a
  demonstration. At the end of the demonstration, instead of being asked
  whether we believed his demonstration to be of a psysic* nature or
  involving ESP, we were asked whether we believed in ESP. I feel these
  are two entirely different questions. Mr. Steiner chose to believe his
  own illusion, that people don't know the difference between his work
  and possibly something they would call an extra-sensory perception
  experience. His work was well done, but by no means would I have
  called it an ESP experience. And he was entertaining, except the
  audience this time was left with a bad taste in their mouth.

  "And what's most unfortunate, instead of helping people remove the
  veils of darkness from a particularly difficult experience they feel
  they might have had, he forces people to shut the doors and not talk
  or come to understand the issues and reasons behind some events.

  "What amazed me was your act was worse than the `charlatans and faith
  healers' you propose to uncover.

  "Isn't it possible that people are growing in their degree of
  sensitivity and perceptions and just maybe, sometime in their life,
  something might happen to them that is perceived as beyond their realm
  of understanding? Things happen all the time, we don't understand the
  reasons, but we somehow know them to be true. And sometimes, amazingly
  enough they are.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  "Thanks for your sense of enlightenment, it sure opened my eyes...the
  dark ages are still here, and so is prejudice and misunderstanding."

  Steiner, not one to let such nonsense pass, replied and has given
  BASIS permission to print his response (also edited for space).

  "While it is clear that you were upset by the presentation, I believe
  that the anger and outrage in your reply were all out of proportion to
  what was presented. "You state about me: `He didn't even feel he could
  devulge* some of his basic magic tricks....' You proceed to tell that
  your brother was entertaining, and that you enjoyed the magic he
  performed. Question: Did your brother ever divulge the secrets of
  magic from the stage to a large audience, thereby not only violating
  the oath of the craft, but destroying a substantial part of the
  entertainment art form of magic?

  "You claim that you have seen great magicians. Did they ever divulge
  the secrets of the craft from the stage to a large audience? "You
  state that `the audience this time was left with a bad taste in their
  mouth.' Much as you would like to believe that, I must remind you that
  you do not speak for the audience. Based upon the experience of over a
  decade of making such presentations, I am happy to report that your
  opinion is a tiny, tiny minority view of the event.

  "Furthermore, the considerable applause at the conclusion of the
  presentation and the large number of people who personally
  congratulated and thanked me belie your assertion of a bad taste left
  in the mouths of members of the audience.

  "You claim that my act was `worse than the charlatans and faith
  healers [I] propose to uncover.' Do you truly consider what I did at
  Apple Computer to be worse than the effect on an eight-year-old boy on
  crutches who left a `faith-healing crusade,' still crippled, with
  tears streaming down his cheeks? Do you consider my presentation to be
  worse than the self-proclaimed `psychic' who takes money from people
  to have them allegedly communicate with their dead loved ones?

  "It is this type of thing, which goes on all the time that make me
  believe that it is worth the risk of a tiny, tiny shock to the
  outrageous and angry sensitivities of the likes of you, in order to
  alert the majority to the potential danger of irrational belief."

  Joe Wujek sent a note with Bob's letter to the employee in question
  praising the public efforts of BAS in general and Robert Steiner in
  particular.

  (Editor's note: At the time this issue is in your hands, Robert
  Steiner is being installed as President of the Society of American
  Magicians, a world-wide organization founded in 1902. Bob is not busy
  enough with is professional accounting business, his duties as
  President of SAM, and his performances and lectures, so we installed
  him on the board of BAS.

  We're glad to have you back in a more direct, active role, Bob.)

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  EDITOR'S CORNER

  We skeptics have been naive and shortsighted in our response to the
  creationists -- seen for the most part as nettlesome, though minor,
  pests. We have assumed they would go away if ignored. We have waited
  for them to run out of steam or be humiliated out of existence because
  they are opposed not only by secular groups, but mainstream
  Christianity (and certainly non-christian religions) too.

  This has not happened, and could represent a potentially costly error
  in terms of the advancement of science and pluralism in a democratic
  society.

  Creationists make their public appeal under democratic slogans like
  "equal time," "open mindedness," "alternative views," and talk of the
  "marketplace of ideas." This is their public approach, but when
  speaking to each other, their aims are stated very differently. They
  sell tolerance as a substitute for the hard evidence their viewpoint
  lacks.

  This became clearer than ever to me after I read Ken Ham's "The Lie:
  Evolution". Ham is an Australian and recent adjunct to the Institute
  for Creation Research (ICR) near San Diego. His prosy book, which
  includes 31 pages of sophomoric cartoons depicting the evils of
  evolution, begins by warning FCs (fundamentalist Christians) that the
  creation/evolution debate is the most important issue they face,
  because the problems of society -- "lawlessness, homosexuality,
  pornography, Nazism, racism, drugs, male chauvinism, war and abortion"
  -- find their roots in evolution. If I was surprised to discover that
  all the ills of the world originate with evolution, I was
  flabbergasted to read that "In fact, I [Ham] have not yet met one
  informed evolutionist who has disagreed with me concerning the
  relationship of evolution to these particular moral issues. [p. 84]"

  Ham begins his thesis by saying that evolution is not science because
  "we cannot DIRECTLY test the past using the scientific method, [p. 5,
  my emphasis]" and then says one page and two cartoons later that "the
  evidence for creation...[is] what the Bible says concerning Noah's
  Flood, the Tower of Babel and other related topics. [p. 8]" Ham
  acknowledges that creationism is not science: "The reader needs to be
  aware that, when we discuss creation/evolution, in both instances we
  are talking about beliefs, that is, religion. Creation is a religious
  position based on the Word of God.... [p. 12]"

  If science consists only of that which we can DIRECTLY test there is
  no such thing as science because there is no such thing as a DIRECT
  test of anything. Even looking at something two feet away is indirect,
  because what we see happened a very short time ago -- the time it
  takes for the light to travel from the object to our retina to be
  passed (and processed) by the optic nerves and the visual centers of
  our brain. There is no direct connection even with our own


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  consciousness. All science is historical in this strict sense.

  Probably the most common logic error in Ham's book -- and a linchpin
  of creationist logic -- is the false dichotomy. Everything is black or
  white. All of the complex scientific and sociological issues in our
  experience are grandly simple in the world according to Ham. All
  matters can be sifted by Scripture into sheep or goats. In what
  amounts to a colossal misunderstanding of science, he hangs his
  readers on the manufactured dilemma of distressing uncertainty:
  "Unless we know every bit of evidence is available, we can never
  really be sure that any of [our] conclusions were right. This is a
  real problem for any human being -- how can he ever be one hundred
  percent sure about anything? [p. 19]"

  How to solve this problem? Do not despair. Though there may be
  uncertainty on one side, on the other is the "irrefutable evidence of
  the Scriptures,... This ends our dilemma. We are in no doubt.... [p.
  20]"

  A cartoon on page 25 sums it up: a smiling, suited-and-tied man (the
  evolutionist counterparts are usually ill-clad, scowling, long-haired
  and dirty) holds a sign which reads, "OUR THINKING IN EVERY AREA" as
  the character points to the Bible on which he stands. To this is added
  the declaration, "If the Bible is not the infallible word of the One
  who knows everything, then we have exactly nothing. [p. 25]"

  With such thinking, of course, the FCs are in an all-or-nothing
  position. Ham states that "...if you do not have a believing
  understanding of that book [Genesis], you cannot hope to attain full
  comprehension of what Christianity is all about" and accompanies it
  with an illustration of a crumbling block of Christianity resting on a
  crumbling block of Genesis -- i.e., if a literal Genesis a la FC is
  not the foundation of Christianity, it will crumble.

  If one ever had any doubts about the real purposes of the scientific
  creationists they are abruptly dispelled in Ham's excitement about the
  success of their "creation ministry." Relating his experiences of
  teaching creationism (in Australia) to non-Christians, he says, "The
  results [teaching creationism] have been astounding. Many, many
  students have listened to the claims [of creationism] and have shown
  real interest in Christianity with a number of conversions as a
  result. [p. 31]"

  FCs have established centers for creation "research" in the guise of
  science. These are really launching platforms for "creation
  ministries." Since evolution is the root of all evil, teaching it
  turns souls away from the Truth, so it must be destroyed. The real
  agenda has nothing to do with equal time: "This is the real problem.
  If we want to see... humanism collapse (which any thinking Christian
  must), then we have to reaim [sic.] the cannons at the foundation of
  evolution. It is only when the foundation is destroyed that the
  structure will collapse. The foundation of evolution needs to be
  destroyed and the foundational basis of creation restored to its
  rightful place of importance. [p. 93]"

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  Increasingly, FCs are urged to remove their children from schools and
  teach them in the home. The burgeoning home-school program is bringing
  significant problems to public education in some areas, and we can be
  assured that there is no such thing as equal time for evolution in
  these home schools.

  Any who think creationists support such fuzzy-headed notions as free
  speech or the "marketplace of ideas" had better stop dreaming and
  realize the FCs have declared war. The militaristic lingo they use is
  combined with a potential for violence expressed in the bombings of
  abortion clinics around the country.

  FCs cannot tolerate any form of dissent because it threatens the very
  foundation of their being. Those Christians that see metaphor or
  mythology in Genesis are denounced and condemned to The Pit. FC
  exegesis, like their science, is simple: "When Scripture is meant to
  be taken symbolically or metaphorically, it is either obviously so
  from the context or we are told so. [p. 80]" Theistic evolution, they
  say, is just another of the wiles of the Prince of Darkness, perhaps
  even more evil than more conventional forms of wickedness because it
  has the appearance of religion.

  What is to be done?

  First, let's get off our duffs and take this attack seriously. FCs
  have declared that the only thing that will stop them is the 2nd
  Coming, so we are truly in this thing for the long haul.

  The keys are education and vigilance, and organization is the
  necessary follow-up. There is a growing list of resource books and
  information as more and more scientists rise to the once ignored
  threat.

  Watch what is happening in your schools very closely, and be prepared
  and willing to confront school boards and administrators. Find out
  what your local science teacher is presenting, especially in the 5th
  to 8th grades. Concerned science educators have banded together to
  form Committees of Correspondence (BAS advisor Eugenie Scott heads the
  Northern California group) for clearinghouse activities. If you detect
  FC attempts to unlawfully foist their doctrines in the public schools,
  immediately contact Dr. Scott's organization at Box 9477, Berkeley, CA
  94709. If you wish to assemble a group of concerned parents, again
  Eugenie's group can provide speakers seasoned in the political, social
  and scientific issues.

  Don't take it lying down. Don't take it standing up. Don't take it at
  all.


  PSYCHICS DON'T FIND CRASH

  Morris Huggins sent us the story reported in the Fresno Bee in which

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  National Park Service Ranger Paul Fedor received an anonymous phone
  call around midnight about a plane that had been reported missing for
  a week. The aircraft was last reported in an area near Sequoia
  National Park.

  The caller, alleging psychic powers, said that two of the four people
  were still alive -- she "saw" them "standing on a two-foot slab of
  concrete," and described in great detail what they were wearing.

  Later that same day, Fedor felt a chill up his spine when a relative
  discussed the case with him by phone and inadvertently verified some
  of the description of the clothing. Most people are not aware that
  this tactic is a common trick of psychics: a detailed description of
  clothing for several people is almost certain to hit something on
  SOMEONE. Because of the detail, it will seem striking if anything
  fits, and that's all the victim is likely to remember.

  Search efforts were diverted to the area best described by the psychic
  and proved fruitless. A police helicopter then began work along the
  route last reported by the Oakland radar center when Emergency Locator
  Transmitter (ELT) signals were picked up (these devices are required
  to be installed in all aircraft and are automatically actuated upon
  impact) from the crash site. The terrain was so rugged that rescue
  crews had to be helicoptered in two days later.

  The psychic had said the wreckage would be found in the Mineral King
  area by Crystal Lake near chaparral, in heavily forested terrain,
  close to a bridge near a road.

  The wreckage was located about 100 miles from the closest description
  the psychic gave; there were no roads, and the nearest thing to a
  bridge was a horse bridge about 5 miles away. The aircraft had flown
  at high speed into a vertical rock mountainside at a fairly steep
  angle and disintegrated to the point that the engines could not be
  found. All aboard were evidently killed instantly.

  So, radar and other "normal" means are still the best way to find lost
  aircraft.

  Officials confirmed that they have "never had a case where [a psychic]
  provided them with information that was critical in finding a plane."
  Of course, the problem comes that sometime one of them is likely to
  give some information that will be helpful, and it remains to be seen
  if those same officials will be able to remember all the duds and
  chalk it up to the law of averages.

  The tragedy could be, however, that while serious efforts to locate a
  crash are diverted to follow the psychic crapola someone could be
  dying. The psychics usually make their calls anonymously so they won't
  have to take the heat when they are wrong. But if it can somehow be
  construed that they aided in the case they come out to bask in the
  warmth of their claimed successes.

  BASIS thinks that alleged psychics should be required to register in

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  person and to have their information taped, and when efforts are
  fruitless following their leads the bums should have to pay for all
  the investigative expenses that were diverted on the false
  information. Those are our tax dollars at work.


  PLEASE NOTE: BAS Secretary Rick Moen has moved -- and with him the
  mailing address. Please do not send material for BASIS to the S.F.
  address; use the San Jose P.O. box. All proper addresses can be found
  in the "Calendar."


  ROUND TWO

  In the June issue of BASIS we reported Shawn Carlson's debate on KCBS
  radio with astrologer Pat Brown. In that exchange, Ms. Brown asserted
  that she had conducted a rigorous test of her astrology forecasts in
  which she kept records on 44 people.

  Shawn obtained a tape of the broadcast and transcribed it for BASIS
  because he was not going to let some of her assertions go
  unchallenged. From the tape:

  Brown: "[I] have 44 people who keep a dairy who I do what I call a
  `mental cage' where I mathematically calculate every planet in motion
  to every planet their chart. They then determine if this is exacting
  or not. So far, it has not missed on any one of the 44 people that I
  am working with. This is a test that I am using with all the people
  essentially that I know. You can't get any closer than that...."

  Shawn: "Her `test' is so poorly controlled that no reputable
  scientific journal would publish it."

  Brown: "I am doing this research project with Dr. Harry Gorden. He's
  vice president of Dell Laboratories. He is a scientist that has been
  considered for the Nobel peace prize. He did the first papers that
  have been written up in the scientific journals on DNA. He finds this
  study to be very accurate. I am doing it with other people that he has
  sent to me of who I do not know, and he is also checking with them.
  And he is conducting research as a scientist."

  When you go up against Carlson, you'd better have your facts straight,
  because they will be checked out. Here is the reality after Shawn
  contacted Dr. Gorden.

  Dell labs is a pharmaceutical company, and Dr. Gorden is a
  pharmacologist working there. He has never been considered for the
  Nobel peace prize or the Nobel prize in any other field. He does not
  endorse Pat Brown's "research" project in any way. He indicated that,
  as a scientist, he did not wish to pass judgment on any field, even
  astrology, before evaluating the evidence. He further clarified that
  he wasn't aware of any evidence either for or against astrology.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  (Carlson sent him a copy of his "Nature" article as well as his
  complete review, recently published in the European journal
  "Experientia", of the experimental research into astrology and
  astrologer's claims.)

  As to his feeling about the scientific validity of Brown's project, he
  said that she explained to him what she was trying to do and he told
  her that if the proper double-blind controls were followed then her
  results MAY be indicative of whether or not there was something to
  astrology. He also stated that her public assertions constituted
  improper use of his name.

  This is an endorsement?

  BASIS then tried to contact Ms. Brown to see what she had to say for
  herself.

  Three separate messages left on her phone recorder did not produce a
  return call.

  When you hear astrologers tout the alleged scientific evidence for
  their pronouncements, get the specifics and challenge them.


  MARCH MEETING
  by Ivan Linderman

  Mr. Peter Bishop, President of the Humanist community of the San Jose,
  began his presentation with a short history of ESP experimentation.
  Harry Houdini, the famous early Twentieth-Century magician, was one of
  the first spiritualist skeptics. Having performed spiritualist tricks
  as a youth, Houdini was familiar with the techniques employed by
  spiritualists. When his mother died, Houdini wanted to contact her
  after her death and sought the aid of spiritualists, but he observed
  they were only using the same tricks he had used as a boy.
  Disappointed, Houdini wrote several books unmasking spiritualists:
  "The Unmasking of Robert Houdin", 1908 (from whom Houdini took his
  stage name), "Miracle Mongers and Their Methods", 1920 and "A Magician
  among Spirits", 1924. Houdini also cooperated with "Scientific
  American" to evaluate paranormal claims.

  Prior to Houdini's death on Halloween 1926, he agreed with his wife
  that he would try to communicate with her after his death. Ten years
  later, in 1936, having received no legitimate post-mortem
  communication from her husband, Mrs. Houdini declared the experiment a
  failure.

  Even though Houdini's efforts as a skeptic were widely publicized, J.
  B. Rhine began his famous ESP research during the 1930's. Mr. Bishop
  judged Rhine's intentions to be without fraudulent intent, even though
  the early work with Zenner cards had many problems. By 1937, one year
  after Mrs. Houdini declared her ten-year attempt to communicate with
  her dead husband a failure, Rhine started publication the "Journal of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  Parapsychology".

  In the opening issue, Rhine invited skeptical criticism and declared
  high standards for published articles: "The need for multiple
  replications by different observers...is greater in this field... to
  convince a skeptical public."

  During the 30's and 40's, experiments reported in "JP" were flawed,
  but improved during the 50's and 60's. During the late 60's however,
  members of Rhine's laboratory were discovered to have reported
  fraudulent results. By the 70's, interest in such figures as the now
  defunct Uri Geller revitalized the field.

  Charles Honorton (Psychophysical Research Laboratory at Princeton
  University) then developed the general protocol for what would be
  called the Ganzfeld PSI Experiments. The first base upon which these
  experiments was founded was a tacit assumption that even though
  popular psychics were known to be fraudulent, researchers should
  examine what they do and try to emulate their results in a non-
  fraudulent manner. Second, since all the experiments of Rhine and his
  group showed only minimal effects, a technique to amplify these
  effects was sought. It was hypothesized that ESP was related to
  dreaming, hypnosis, relaxation and general "perceptual restriction."
  By perceptually isolating subjects, background "noise" which
  interfered with the demonstration of psychic abilities would be
  eliminated; i.e., psychic abilities would be enhanced by perceptual
  isolation.

  The Ganzfeld (german for "whole field") have the following general
  protocol:

  1. A Sender of telepathic messages and a Receiver of these messages,
  attain a state of deep relaxation.

  2. The Sender and Receiver are separated by a barrier, which can be as
  inconsequential as a wall or as substantial as separate rooms or even
  on the other side of the planet.

  3. Both the Sender and the Receiver have access to an identical pool
  of items. The pool of items may be Zenner cards, photographs of
  different locales, etc.

  4. The Sender selects one item from the pool and sends that image to
  the Receiver telepathically.

  5. Having received the telepathic message, the Receiver selects the
  corresponding item from their identical pool of items.

  6. Ostensibly, when the Sender and Receiver select the same Item,
  telepathic transmission is scored as a hit. Otherwise, it is a miss.

  7. The hypothesis that ESP exists would be confirmed by a proportion
  of hits statistically significantly greater than chance.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  Between 1974 and 1981, 42 different Ganzfeld PSI experiments in 34
  separate reports (10 by Honorton) were generally praised as showing
  good design against fraud. In 1978, Honorton published a paper
  claiming 55% of all Ganzfeld PSI experiments demonstrated ESP at p =
  0.05. Blackmore and Sargeant claimed 50% replication rates for
  Ganzfeld PSI experiments. The seeming scientific proof of ESP was
  picked up by the popular press. Scott Peak, in "The Road Less
  Traveled", concluded these experiments had clearly proven ESP exists.
  A recent NOVA program on PBS also concluded the Ganzfeld PSI
  experiments demonstrated ESP probably exists.

  In 1981, Dr. Ray Hyman, was asked to assess the status of PSI
  research. Hyman selected the Ganzfeld PSI experiments as the most
  likely series of research to have a chance of passing close scrutiny.
  Hyman asked Honorton to help gather data to evaluate from this field.
  Two articles were eventually published, and a series of nine separate
  articles in the March 1986 issue of "JP", which included "A Joint
  Communique: The PSI Ganzfeld Controversy" by both Hyman and Honorton.

  Hyman's initial 1985 paper noted the following criticisms of Ganzfeld
  PSI experiments:

  1. Sensory Leakage. The Barrier may not have completely excluded
  contact between Sender and Receiver; e.g., if Sen der handles items in
  pool before they are provided to Receiver. Honorton agreed this was a
  possible problem in early experiments that had been solved by
  providing two separate pools of items. To their credit, no higher
  incidences of purported ESP occurred in earlier experiments where
  sensory leakage may have occurred. Experimenters tested this
  hypothesis and discovered subjects of experiments did not use channels
  of communication when they were provided.

  2. Feedback or Improper Randomization. Once an item is removed from
  the pool, the degrees of freedom decrease by one. That is, it is more
  likely Sender and Receiver will select same item by chance alone.
  Therefore, when Sender selects an item, scrupulous care must be taken
  to return the item to the pool and randomize all Items in the Pool
  such that probability of selecting any Item is same as before Item was
  selected. Hyman noted some correlation between feedback (i.e.,
  improper randomization) and reported positive ESP and concluded 28% of
  studies suffered from improper randomization.

  3. File Drawer Problem. Hyman noted it was unclear exactly what
  constitu ted a study to be included in Honorton's summary of 42
  experiments. Hyman noted many studies were informal and suggested
  experimenters began informal studies and if they obtained positive
  results published. Otherwise, negative studies went unreported. By
  eliminating some of the more informal studies, Hyman showed
  replication of positive ESP in only 30% of studies vs. 43 - 55%
  reported by Honorton.

  4. Number of Trials. The most serious objection by Hyman was the
  observation that studies which demonstrated positive ESP had the
  fewest number of trials. Seven of the 42 experiments had only 5 - 19

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  trials, and these 7 studies showed the most positive ESP; 5 of 7 were
  statistically significant at p = 0.05. Studies have larger number of
  trials had lower levels of replicability and were less likely to
  demonstrate positive ESP. This observation lends credence to the File
  Drawer phenomenon since it appears to indicate researchers were quick
  to report positive results rather than continue performing additional
  trials.

  5. Multiple Testing. Techniques for scoring hits were not limited to
  simply determining whether Receiver picked same item as Sender.
  Techniques for scoring hits varied from concluding negative ESP was
  demonstrated if Receiver picked fewer items same as Sender (24% of
  studies) to scoring a hit if Receiver picked an item from same half of
  pool as Sender. In some cases (e.g., when items were geographical
  locations) a panel of judges was used to determine whether a hit had
  been made.

  6. Statistical Errors. Hyman noted many statistical errors primarily
  concerned with type of statistical test to be applied; single- vs.
  double-tailed, etc. Hyman also noted a good correlation between
  studies with statistical errors and purported demonstration of
  positive ESP.

  7. Experimenter Effect. Two experimenters, one of whom was Honorton,
  accounted for most of the studies in the group.

  8. Inadequate Documentation. Many studies were simply abstracts rather
  than formal papers. Examination of laboratory notebooks from these
  studies revealed even more problems.

  Hyman's position can best be summarized as follows: Experimental error
  was being concluded as proof of the existence of ESP.

  In the 1986 joint communique, Honorton appeared to agree with Hyman
  (although differing on several issues) that Ganzfeld PSI experiments
  to date had not yet demonstrated ESP. The final verdict is still out.
  Both Hyman and Honorton noted past experiments had deviated from ideal
  conditions and that future experiments would have to be more
  scrupulous. The interesting point was also made that even if these
  experiments never yield any results, the lessons in experimental
  design will help science as a whole.

  After the formal presentation by Mr. Bishop, the discussion centered
  on two topics: Humanism and ESP. The general consensus was there was
  little hope of ever convincing believers there is no such thing as
  ESP, and an equally unlikely probability of convincing skeptics there
  is.


  Gerald Straub, author of "Salvation for Sale: An Insider's View of Pat
  Robertson" (Prometheus Books) will be in the Bay Area to speak on
  "Religion and Politics" with an update on the significance of
  Robertson's presidential campaign in October. We will have detailed

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
  information next month.

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the August, 1988 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1988 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:56]
