{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T15:43:13Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 76117, "source_ctime_ns": 1790262032743599487, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-06.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790262032561341053, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-06.pdf", "source_sha256": "c291a4f0c77cd6cd231aa6c786bae57ed8ac0cc58f5f5c011e21d385ea9804ec"}

------------------------------------------------------
  June 1990 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 9, No. 5
              Editor: Kent Harker


  SAMPSON AND DELIGHTFUL THOUGHTS

  [BAS advisor Dr. Wallace Sampson, M.D., spoke to our March meeting
  in the South Bay. His topic was whether positive thinking has any
  medical effect on cancer. Dr. Sampson is an oncologist and teaches
  at Stanford medical school, besides his private practice.]

  Dr. Sampson's wide range of interests includes medical research,
  but not exactly in a direct way. Early in his career he worked as
  a researcher, but he decided that he didn't have what it took; he
  even went so far as to say that he is not a scientist. Then he
  began to show us that if he isn't a scientist few of those in the
  medical community using the title deserve it. After he left the
  field of active research, he became interested in the work of
  others. He pours over papers and systematically shows how
  unscientific many of them are. If that doesn't represent good
  scientific ability one is at a loss for how one should classify Dr.
  Sampson.

  As an oncologist, Wally must confront the popular claims of the
  booksellers. His patients bring their books and articles to his
  office, so read them he must. One cannot overlook the possibility
  that maybe there could be something of value for his patients, and
  he must always be ready to respond. What he discovered is
  discouraging for its shallowness.

  A good scientist, upon observation of some unusual phenomenon,
  looks first to isolate the variables. Then he or she tries to
  replicate the finding and begins to look for a theory to explain
  why the event is happening. If one does not follow this general
  procedure one may not properly be called a scientist. Wally's
  ability as an investigator consists of two parts, both of them
  preeminent scientific essentials: (1) he is able to cut to the core
  of the problem and throw a flood of light on the confusion, and (2)
  he is masterful in his ability to simplify and explicate the
  problem. It is as important to discover the flaws in a proposition
  as to devise it in the first place.

  A capable researcher asks hard questions and will not rest until
  they are answered. Evidently, many of the researchers aren't even
  asking the simple or obvious questions. A competent researcher
  invites criticism and collaborates with others in the field,
  sharing ideas and data. Almost none of this has happened in the
  studies about meditation, positive thinking, etc., as they may


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  affect cancer. Neologisms are a substitute for sound theory, and we
  hear things like the "magnetic resonance" of the body being "out of
  balance."

  IMMUNE RESPONSE?

  Dr. Sampson started with a question: What brain function set up by
  meditation could cause the immune system to effectively attack a
  malignant cell?

  There are as many as a thousand different kinds of cells in the
  body (muscle, corneal, blood, bone, etc.). Purveyors of positive
  thinking postulate that somehow the immune system can be "boosted"
  so it can better combat disease. That may sound plausible to the
  average person, but to one who has -- or should have -- a
  dependable knowledge of physiology there are some serious problems
  to overcome, especially as the question relates to malignancy. The
  first problem is the very notion of "boosting" the immune system:
  an increased immunologic response is more often HARMFUL. Toying
  with the immune system can have disastrous effects. For example,
  auto-immune conditions are those in which the system is "boosted"
  to the point that it attacks everything, including the tissue of
  one's own body.

  The second problem is that cancerous tissue is NOT foreign tissue.
  A cancerous cell is one of our own cells gone haywire. The idea
  that our immune system could be able to conduct a selective siege
  on its own tissues because of some positive thinking requires some
  powerful explanation. How could this degree of SPECIFIC instruction
  be sorted and carried out from the incipient thought during
  meditation to the immunological response? What kind of mechanism
  could possibly work this way? This is where research should be
  concentrated if those who allege such fantastic results are to have
  any credibility with the medical community.

  Instead of sound medical research and penetrating peer review, the
  proponents take the easy -- and profitable -- way out: publish
  directly to the public. A medically ignorant and hopeful public
  doesn't offer the proper ground base for rigorous, skeptical
  analyses.

  Dr. Sampson explained how the immune system works against
  pathogenic invasion. An invading foreign body has antigens on the
  surface of its molecules that form a unique pattern. The host
  body's immune system sends out coded identifiers (antibodies) to
  see if the substance is foreign by a lock-in-key matching mechanism
  of the antigen pattern. If there is a match, antibodies attack and
  destroy the alien substance. One's own tissues are not coded for
  attack except in rare cases of auto-immune disorders like multiple
  sclerosis and lupus -- a case of the immune system run amok.

  WHERE DID IT START?

  Wally wanted to know where the idea of positive-thinking-cures-

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  cancer started. He dug out the earliest papers and found that they
  were almost all done by psychologists. PSYCHOLOGISTS? What does a
  Ph.D. psychologist know about anatomy and immunology? They are
  simply not qualified. Those early papers were taken uncritically
  and a whole industry was built on their flimsy backs.

  The most notable author in the genesis of the idea is psychologist
  Lawrence LeShan, who identified personality traits that he claimed
  would lead to cancer. Depression, at base, was the bogeyman
  according to him. The blockbuster book that really went around the
  popular appearance circuit was Norman Cousin's "Anatomy of an
  Illness" in which he asserted that he had literally laughed himself
  from the scythe's sweep of the Grim Reaper. The proof? He was
  alive. He gave no credit -- or presumably thanks -- to his surgery
  and post-op therapy. He said he had had a fatal disease, not
  grasping the fact that a disease is fatal only if one dies.

  Dr. Stuart Simenton, one of the first M.D.s to get into the water
  with his book "Getting Well Again" stretched this kind of thinking
  into a nice scientific-sounding linear sequence by the following
  progression (read "=>" as "stimulates"):

      Psychological stress => depression and despair => limbic
      system => hypothalamus => pituitary gland => endocrine
      system => immune system => abnormal cell production =>
      CANCER.

  The first two steps might be reasonable, but it is all pure
  supposition after that. Mainstream M.D.s cringe at every page.
  Simenton does not give so much as a hint about a mechanism to make
  this ad hoc series work, and his treatise is suffused with
  Christian Science ideas.

  Dr. Sampson raised some very simple counterexamples that should
  serve to reduce Simenton's scheme to rubbish: AIDS patients,
  holocaust survivors, WWII POWs, death-row inmates, and the
  clinically depressed. In each of these cases the subjects were
  clearly under severe emotional and psychological stress and
  suffered deep depression and despair. In each of these cases the
  incidence of cancer was well BELOW average.

  The single most popular book -- it was the number-one best-seller
  for over a year -- is Dr. Bernie Siegel's "Love, Medicine &
  Miracles". Siegel, a practicing M.D., made several million dollars
  from the book and, unfortunately, may have turned hundreds or
  thousands of cancer victims away from scientifically demonstrated
  life-saving therapies.

  This attitude-can-cause-disease folderol is right up the New Age
  alley. The movement quickly co-opted the thinking and mixed it with
  popular meditation. Guru's jumped on the bandwagon and soon swamis
  and yogis were offering seminars and writing books teaching cancer
  patients how to meditate themselves right into perfect health by
  simply starting at the top of the "cancer chain" with happy

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  thoughts, which should result in a DECREASE of abnormal cell
  production. How this was supposed to destroy the existing cancer
  cells is not discussed, and few bothered to ask.

  THE REALITY

  So what about material from respectable research work? Wally had to
  dig deep -- this side, as we in the skeptical community find all
  too often, does not get very good coverage. In all the best
  studies, one can guess the outcome when the variables are tightly
  controlled. The four best studies conducted, all published in the
  "Journal of the American Medical Association", found no significant
  correlation between one's state of mind and the incidence of or
  cure of cancer. The numbers just aren't there. In the largest group
  studied -- 1,000 patients -- there was no association whatever. The
  studies that showed the most significance were invariably those
  that used the fewest subjects and had the worst experimental
  controls.

  Dr. Sampson began to realize something peculiar in some of the
  smaller, less-controlled professional journals: none of the
  competing researchers took each other to task. They were unusually
  nice to each other. This is uncharacteristic in the halls of
  scientific research. The scientific method itself invites sharp
  dissent from competing researchers on controversial matters.

  Typically, when one researcher finds flaws in another's work he or
  she is only too happy to dig them out and publish a counter or a
  refutation. There appeared to be a buddy system working with the
  meditation-will-cure-you crowd, a kind of if-you-don't-knock-me-I-
  won't-knock-you gentleman's agreement. Normal science is combative.
  It is not for the weak-hearted.

  CONCLUSION

  The real problem is the same one we, as skeptics, always face:
  reality versus belief, reason versus emotion. We have all had the
  experience of physical suffering from emotional stress. From that
  it is not hard to see how one can extrapolate from some physical
  manifestation like ulcers to cancer. When pop terminology like
  "natural," or "organic," are related to the whole process the
  emotional case is made all the stronger. And, after all, meditating
  is much more pleasant to contemplate than debilitating surgery and
  the powerful side effects of chemo- and radiation therapy.

  Alas, positive thinking appears to be the laetrile of the 90s.


  CONSUMER ADVOCACY
  by Shawn Carlson

  Bay Area Skeptics is, among other things, a consumer advocacy
  group. We contend that people have the right to know that they are

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  getting the services for which they are paying, especial when those
  services, improperly applied, might endanger the public health.

  Psychics and astrologers pander their secret "occult gifts" under
  the guise of psychological and life-guidance counseling. They offer
  counseling on all matters of their patients' lives. Since the
  advice occultists give often has profound effects on their clients'
  wellbeing we believe that all occult counselors should be
  considered health care professionals and held to the appropriate
  standards.

  This means two things. First, that they obtain state certification
  in counseling. And second, that they be required to demonstrate
  that they really do posses the occult abilities which they often
  charge their patients large sums to perform. This second condition
  would require every occultist to pass a test of psychic skills
  (administered under controls that would preclude the possibility of
  cheating before they are permitted to run barefoot through their
  patients' troubles). Considering the enormous potential for harm
  that occult advice may bring, doesn't the protection of the public
  health demand that we hold occultists to the same reasonable
  standards to which we hold other counselors?

  Astrologers and psychics alike have been given every opportunity to
  show that they can provide the services they advertise. They have
  been willingly tested numerous time at tasks that they agreed were
  fair tests of their powers, yet they have failed each time. We
  insist that all occultic counselors come out from behind their
  self-woven veils of mystery and be required to either step into the
  light of public scrutiny, or give up the business of public and
  self-deception.


  OF ALL THE PLACES!

  BAS secretary RICK MOEN has something to his credit few of us can
  enjoy. He was quoted in the "National Examiner", a weekly tabloid.
  No, Moen hasn't gone off the deep end with his new hollow-earth
  theory, and he didn't tell those folks about his recent UFO
  abduction experience.

  There is a group in the Bay Area that calls themselves
  "Californians for Earthquake Prevention"; they believe a "massive
  build-up of sound waves caused by screeching car alarms and
  millions of pounding feet" caused the October 17 quake.

  The last word in the article was given by Rick: "`These ideas are
  ludicrous,' said Rick Moen, a spokesman for Bay Area Skeptics, a
  scientific think-tank."

  We are a scientific "think-tank" yet. We'll take that, thank you.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  GET READY!

  For those of us who attended last year's BAS annual picnic, there
  is no need to elaborate. For the rest, we elaborate: it was
  fabulous. Ben and Carol Baumgartner have agreed to do it again this
  year but we told them we cannot have them provide the food. They
  said that about $5 per person should be enough to cover expenses
  and they will do the rest (BYOD).

  We will have the picnic in August, and we invite you to join us for
  a truly memorable repast. Notify us that you intend to come so we
  can begin to make some estimates of how many will be there. Last
  year we had four entr‚es, three vegetable choices, three kinds of
  salad, and sumptuous desserts. The whole thing was capped off with
  door prizes and entertainment.

  To get the ball rolling now, send a $5 (or more if you want to help
  with expenses) check payable to BEN BAUMGARTNER at 2467 Betlo Ave.,
  Mountain View, CA 94043. If you can help out please enclose a note
  to that effect. You can talk to Ben or Carol at (415) 968-1535.


  DEGREES OF FOLLY: PART XI
  by William Bennetta

  Parts I through X of this article ran in earlier issues of "BASIS",
  starting in February 1989. Here is a summary:

  By law, no unaccredited school in California can issue degrees
  unless the school has been assessed and formally approved by the
  superintendent of public instruction -- the chief of the State
  Department of Education.

  In August l988, the Department's Private Postsecondary Education
  Division (PPED) staged an assessment of the ICR Graduate School
  (ICRGS). The ICRGS is an arm of the Institute for Creation
  Research, a fundamentalist ministry that promotes the religious
  pseudoscience called "creation-science."

  The founder and president of the ICR is Henry Morris, a preacher
  and former engineer who poses as an expert in geology, biology,
  paleontology and various other fields in which he has no detectable
  credentials. The Department's assessment of Morris's school was
  made by a five-man committee that had been chosen by, and was
  managed by, a PPED officer named Roy W. Steeves.

  The committee's report was bogus: It hid the real nature of the
  ICR, promoted the ICR's scientific pretensions, and said that the
  superintendent of public instruction, Bill Honig, should approve
  the ICR as a source of masters' degrees in science and in science
  education.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  Two of the committee's members then sent separate reports to Honig,
  telling the truth about the ICR. But Roy Steeves, in memoranda to
  the PPED's director, Joseph P. Barankin, endorsed the ICR and urged
  that it should be approved.

  Honig, in statements given to the press in December 1988, refused
  the approval; but in January 1989 the Department drew back from
  that decision and began to negotiate with the ICR. In those
  negotiations, the ICR was represented by Wendell R. Bird, a lawyer
  from Atlanta. On 3 March, Bird and Joseph Barankin reached an
  agreement. The ICR would purge "ICRGS's interpretations" from
  courses that would count toward degrees. To learn whether the ICR
  had made the revisions, the Department would send a new committee;
  one member would be chosen by the ICR.

  Despite the agreement, the ICR continued to advertise the ICRGS as
  a "Graduate School of Creationist Science," devoted to "scientific
  and Biblical creationism."

  The new committee examined the ICR in August 1989. It was managed
  not by Steeves but by Jeanne Bird. Bird had joined the PPED in the
  spring of 1989 and had become an assistant director a few months
  later. Four of the committee's five members were scientists from
  campuses of the University of California or the California State
  University. The fifth, Leroy Eimers, came from Cedarville College,
  a Bible college in Ohio. He was the member who had been chosen by
  the ICR, in accordance with the agreement reached in March.

  After the committee's visit, Henry Morris and the other ICR men
  feared that the committee would declare the ICRGS to be defective
  and unworthy of approval, and that Honig would follow the
  committee's judgment. On 31 August, in an effort to win sympathy
  from the press and the public, the ICR men held a "news conference"
  to denounce Honig and to distribute a fiercely misleading account
  of their transactions with his Department.

  The committee's report was submitted on 12 January 1990. As a
  whole, it was candid, precise and rich in examples showing the
  bases for the committee's conclusions: The ICR, despite its name,
  was not a scientific institution and did not offer proper education
  in science. But the last paragraph of the report was vapid fluff:
  It said that Leroy Eimers had not agreed with many conclusions
  drawn in the report, but it did not suggest that he had any
  evidence to support his position, or that he had tried to challenge
  even one of the detailed findings that the report set forth.

  Five days later, on 17 January, the ICR men -- saying that they had
  not yet seen the report -- issued another "news release" to
  denounce Honig and his Department.

  In March, as I shall tell here, the Department formally refused to
  reapprove the ICRGS as a source of masters' degrees in science and
  in science education. -- W.B., 10 May


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  THE COUNCIL CONCURS

  When the superintendent of public instruction intends to deny
  reapproval of a degree-granting school, he first must notify, and
  obtain advice from, the state's Council for Private Postsecondary
  Educational Institutions. On 13 March, after examining the record
  of the ICR case, the Council's Review Committee recommended that
  the full Council should affirm Bill Honig's intention to deny
  reapproval to the ICR. Later on the same day, the full Council did
  so.

  On 16 March the Department's general counsel, Joseph R. Symkowick,
  sent a letter (signed by Gregory J. Roussere, one of Symkowick's
  staff lawyers) to Henry Morris. Here, with some minor typographic
  changes, is the letter's full text:

      Dear Dr. Morris:

      Re: Final notice of denial of authorization to operate
      under Education Code Section 94310.2

      Following the hearing before the Review Committee, the
      Council for Private Postsecondary Education[al]
      Institutions, on March 13, 1990, advised the Private
      Postsecondary Education Division (PPED) of the State
      Department of Education to proceed with its proposed
      denial action against your institution.

      This letter represents the Department's Final Notice that
      the application filed by the Institute for Creation
      Research for authorization to operate under Education
      Code Section 94310.2 is denied. Denial is for the reasons
      stated in the visiting committee's final report, a copy
      of which was sent to you previously.

      You may appeal this denial to the Superintendent of
      Public Instruction in accordance with the regulation
      procedures described in Section 18827 of Title 5,
      California Code of Regulations. A copy of that section is
      attached. If a timely appeal is filed, the matter will be
      heard by an independent hearing officer pursuant to the
      Administrative Procedure Act, the details of which would
      be explained later. In order to expedite the appeal, your
      letter may be sent to me AND a copy to Jeanne Bird,
      Assistant Superintendent of Public Instruction and
      Director, at the Private Postsecondary Education
      Division.

  A CURIOUS TACTIC

  The ICR did indeed issue a notice of appeal, including a request
  that the pertinent hearing be held in San Diego County. The notice
  was filed with the Department on 13 April by Loren E. McMaster, a
  lawyer from Sacramento.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  On the same day, the ICR sought to institute a lawsuit by filing a
  complaint in the United States District Court in Los Angeles. The
  lawyers representing the ICR in that action were Wendell Bird,
  David J. Myers (a partner in Bird's law firm in Atlanta), Thomas T.
  Anderson (see "Creationists Issue a Phony Schoolbook," in "BASIS"
  for April 1990), and Loren McMaster.

  The filing of the lawsuit was a curious tactic, because the ICR had
  not (and still has not) exhausted the appeal process by which it
  might obtain redress of its alleged grievances. By that standard,
  the lawsuit seems premature. Perhaps the ICR is merely trying to
  intimidate the Department; perhaps the ICR does not really expect
  the federal court to entertain such a suit while administrative
  remedies remain available.

  The complaint names Bill Honig, Joseph Barankin, Jeanne Bird and
  the Department as defendants. It alleges that those defendants, in
  their "revocation" of the ICRGS's approval to grant degrees in
  science, have violated the ICR's rights to (among other things)
  academic freedom, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, due
  process and equal protection, as established by the federal
  Constitution. It asks the court to declare that the defendants'
  actions were unconstitutional, and to enjoin the defendants from
  denying approval to the ICRGS; as an alternative to the injunction,
  it asks for damages that will compensate the ICR for "lost
  investment in establishing and operating the [ICRGS]" and for other
  losses.

  The text of the complaint, purporting to set forth many facts of
  the ICR case, is predictably absurd. It begins by misrepresenting
  the case's central issue, which is that the ICR wants to award
  degrees and does NOT, as the complaint falsely suggests, merely
  want to "teach science courses in peace and without government
  interference. . . ." After that, it just gets worse. It even
  suggests that "science" has something to do with, or can be
  legitimated by, popular culture -- "the view of a majority of the
  American public."

  In short, the complaint retails a lot of the ICR's customary
  nonsense. This includes a badly misleading account of the ICR case
  itself, comparable to the accounts that (as my readers will recall)
  the ICR has been giving to the press.

  THE BROTHEL BROCHURE

  The ICR men evidently alerted the press to the filing of the
  complaint on 13 April, because the "Los Angeles Times" carried a
  story about it, written by Amy Wallace, on the following morning.
  The ICR's spokesman was Henry Morris's son John, who seemed not to
  care anymore about the ICR's "scientific" pretensions. He said
  explicitly that the ICR was teaching "Christian doctrine"; then he
  made a charming excursion into the subject of homosexual brothels.
  Here are some excerpts from Wallace's story:


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
      "If the state can tell a private Christian school that
      they can't teach Christian doctrine, then the state has
      too much power," said John Morris, administrative vice
      president of the institute. "We're not asking the state
      to rule that creationism is the valid scientific
      entrepretation, and we're not aksing for inclusion of
      creationism in the public schools. We are asking for
      freedom of speech."

      Morris and others allege that [Bill] Honig's aim is to
      shut down the institute, which has granted about 20
      master's degrees in biology, geology, physics and science
      education since 1981.

      But William L. Rukeyser, special assistant to Honig,
      disputed that.

      "ICR's continued existence is not at question. Nobody is
      trying to shut down ICR," said Rukeyser.

      "But we cannot legally describe ICR's current curriculum
      as qualifying for a master's of science degree. . . . If
      they wish to grant master's of creationism degrees, that
      would be fine with [Honig]. If they want to describe it
      as a degree in a system of beliefs, that would be fine.

      "What is at question is essentially truth in advertising.
      . . ."

      Morris said endorsement [of the ICR's beliefs by the
      Department] is not the issue: "There are approved by Mr.
      Honig's office homosexual brothels that teach homosexual
      technique. Do they endorse that? The brochure is full of
      nude men doing things to each other. So hopefully we're
      not talking about endorsement here."

      Rukeyser retorted: "Does he claim that any of those
      institutions are claiming to offer master's of science
      degrees? I don't think so."

  At this writing, on 10 May, no date has been chosen for the ICR's -
  administrative appeal, nor has the Department responded to the
  ICR's complaint in the federal court. The Department has asked the
  court to extend, until 22 May, the deadline for filing an answer.


  THINK POSITIVELY

  Before proving that psychotherapy lengthened the lives of advanced
  breast-cancer patients, psychologist David Spiegel of Stanford had
  a strong prejudice against health-care providers he calls the
  "wish-away-your-cancer crowd."


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  "False hopes are raised," Spiegel complains.
  He still has little tolerance for those who encourage the gravely
  ill to engage in "visualization" and other mental exercises leading
  patients to believe they should be able to destroy killer cells by
  thinking positively.

  But the difference now is that Spiegel, too, is convinced that a
  purely mental activity -- participation in group therapy -- not
  only improves the quality of remaining life, but prolongs it.

  In an unprecedented study of 86 Santa Clara Valley women with
  metastatic breast cancer reported in the British medical journal
  "Lancet" Spiegel and co-researchers at Stanford and UC-Berkeley
  showed that a year of group therapy and instruction in pain control
  added a year and a half of life.

  "We didn't make cancer go away. We extended survival," Spiegel
  said. "The fact that you can do something with people who have a
  terminal illness that increases life and that is clinically as well
  as statistically significant means we have a robust effect here
  well worth looking at further."

  Spiegel believes survival was extended because therapy curbed
  patients' depression, allowing them to follow the best diets and to
  comply better with medical treatments.

  "It's possible," he added, "that there was some enhancement of
  immune function." [Note: see the summary of Wallace Sampson's
  address to BAS in the May issue of "BASIS". -- Ed.]

  Dr. Sandra Levy, a specialist in behavioral immunology at the
  University of Pittsburgh, said the study was the best thus far to
  have shown "fairly indisputably" that psychosocial intervention
  helped cancer patients.

  Levy has examined links between behavior and immune function in
  people with cancer in its early stages. She suspected that
  participants in Spiegel's study lived longer because therapy had a
  positive physiological effect even relatively late in the course of
  the disease.

  Ronald Glaser, Ohio State University psychoimmunologist, speaking
  for himself and co-researcher Janice Kiecolt-Glaser, said:

      "Along with other studies, this study is consistent with
      the hypothesis that what can [have an] impact [on] the
      central nervous system can have implications for disease.
      If it's stress, it's negative. But if there's something
      else that makes the system react other ways, it might
      have a positive effect."

  Berkeley psychologist Neal Fiore, a former cancer patient himself
  and the author of "The Road Back to Health", said Spiegel's work


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  was especially important because it countered bogus New Age
  theories holding cancer patients responsible, somehow, for their
  disease. Spiegel's study showed that improved health "has nothing
  to do with previous attitude of character," Fiore emphasized.

  "What the paper does," said Tom Coates, chief of UC-San Francisco's
  Behavioral Medicine, "is give hope."

  The study also was praised in "Science", the publication of the
  American Association for the Advancement of Science, by Boston
  University Psychologist Bernard Fox, a critic of psychosocial
  treatments, and Jimmie Holland, chief of psychiatry at New York's
  Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. Holland's praise was
  presented with the caveat that psychotherapy not be viewed now as
  a substitute for standard treatments.

  Spiegel originally set out to disprove the idea that non-medical
  treatments could help cancer patients.

  In 1976, Spiegel and Stanford psychologist Irv Yalom -- author of
  the critically acclaimed new book, "Love's Executioner and Other
  Tales of Psychotherapy" -- tried to determine how those destined to
  die from cancer could be made to feel better in the time left.

  The 86 women in the initial study generally were upper middle-class
  and well-educated; they averaged 55 years of age. Fifty were
  selected at random to participate in weekly 90-minute group therapy
  sessions with eight to ten patients and two therapists; the -
  remainder, like the fifty in therapy, received only standard
  medical care.

  The 86 were also given a battery of tests at four-month intervals
  to assess moods, coping styles, family environments, degrees of
  pain and phobic responses, (if any) to their conditions. By year's
  end, Spiegel said, the treatment group had half the pain of the
  control group, less mood disturbance, fewer phobic reactions and
  fewer maladaptive coping behaviors.

  "We helped them face their years of dying," Spiegel said. "One
  woman said, `Talking about dying in the group is a bit like looking
  into the Grand Canyon. I know that if I fell in, it would be the
  end. But I feel better about myself because I can look.'"

  SURPRISE FINDINGS

  Several years ago, however, Spiegel, having grown extremely
  irritated by the "wish-away-your-cancer crowd," resolved to rebut
  its claims. He remembered, with anger, patients who had been
  counseled that the "right mental attitude" might enable them to
  quit chemotherapy, and others led to believe they were at fault for
  the spread of their disease.

  "I thought, `I have the perfect negative study. I have a patient
  population we know we helped psychologically. If we can show

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  there's no difference in survival time, that well really put this
  to rest,'" he said. With a grant from the American Cancer Research
  Fund, Spiegel obtained data on the 86 women in the original study
  group. It came as no surprise that all but three had died. But
  Spiegel said he was shocked to discover that women in the treatment
  group had lived 18 months longer, on average, than women in the
  control group.

  With a Sanford biostatistician, Spiegel spent three years analyzing
  the data. Variables such as medical treatment, age and length of
  time from diagnosis to metastasis were examined closely.

  "We simply could not find any differences that would make the
  finding go away." he said.


  EDITOR'S CORNER

  It is wonderful to be found wrong in something. When an honest
  person discovers error in his or her thinking, he or she can only
  be happy to jettison some cumbersome baggage. Mainstream science
  unceremoniously throws discredited hypotheses on the trash heap of
  tried-and-failed ideas. Progress in science comes through discovery
  and correction of error, and there are great incentives to find
  mistakes. One could easily say that the goal of science is the
  search to root out error more than it is the search for truth. In
  this way, progress is automatically truth-converging. When there
  are fakes and frauds, there is every reason and effort to excise
  them from the scientific body to eliminate the infection.

  PSEUDOSCIENCE CONTRAST

  Contrast this when one discovers error in the closet of
  pseudoscience and committed believers. The reaction is vastly
  different. For them it is not just a simple matter of expunging
  wrong. Error is a disaster, a crisis, so there is a powerful
  disincentive to pry.

  Even minor error is a crack in the dike. Pseudoscientists hide
  their fakes and frauds for fear of casting doubt on the body.
  Screwball notions from anyone, trained or not, can flash into
  prominence if there is the least hint that the idea might give
  support to the party line. If critical evaluation exists at all,
  the body usually suppresses it from within.

  Such are the dangers of committed dogma -- it must be flawless.
  Acknowledgement of even the tiniest scratch bodes evil for the
  whole edifice. Mistakes are far more than losing face -- they could
  mean the loss of identity, so every form of protectionism emerges,
  most notably denial and cognitive dissonance all the way to
  complete withdrawal.

  AN EXAMPLE

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  In issue XXV of "Creation/Evolution", a journal devoted exclusively
  to study of the creation-evolution controversy, a classic example
  of this inability to acknowledge error was illustrated in the form
  of a response by Norman Geisler to a previous article. The question
  of the debate turned about a quote: "It is bigotry for the public
  schools to teach only one theory of origins." attributed to
  Clarence Darrow from the Scopes trial. A skeptical Tom McIver first
  saw the quote in creationist literature and decided to look into
  it. He got the transcript of the trial and found that there was no
  such quote, so he wrote about his findings in edition XXIV of
  "C/E".

  Geisler, the director of Liberty Center for Research and
  Scholarship at Liberty University (Jerry Falwell's school), a
  frequent correspondent in the pages of "C/E", then wrote to
  "explain" the origin of the misquote: "Wendel Bird [chief attorney
  for the creationists in their Supreme-Court bid requiring
  creationism to be taught in the schools], whose "Yale Law Review"
  article (1978) was the source of many of the citations, has
  subsequently recognized that the quote is probably not authentic.
  So much for trusting Ivy League publications!"

  The cognitive dissonance flows, even erupts, from the very print on
  the pages of Geisler's reply. McIver exposed a clear, unequivocal
  error, but do we get an equally clear, unequivocal retraction? Of
  course not, we get a "probably not authentic." Worse, Mr. Geisler
  prepares us for round II of this circus when he and his comrades
  will use McIver's revelation to turn and kick us in the behind.
  Look carefully: Geisler cites Wendell Bird's "Yale Law Review"
  article as the source for the false quotation and then says,
  astonishingly, "So much for trusting Ivy League publications!"

  Wendell Bird's derelict scholarship is not to be questioned.
  "Yale's" credibility is suspect. Yale's cancer metastasizes at
  light speed and immediately consumes Brown, Columbia, Cornell,
  Princeton, Dartmouth and Harvard so that we can no longer trust any
  of their communications, either. Alums, pull your card to save
  yourselves. Say, didn't Stephen Gould have something to do with
  Harvard? Since we already know Harvard to be a den of humanist
  snakes, this is only further confirmation that we cannot give any
  credence to anything coming from there.

  The cognitive dissonance and denial continued in Geisler's response
  as he stated that though the quotation "probably is not correct,"
  Darrow did, after all, use the word bigotry. Presumably Geisler
  wants us to believe that it is not without good reason that Darrow
  MIGHT have said such a thing or possibly intimated as much.

  A similar incident happened recently at the Paluxy river in Texas.
  Creationists, notably a man named Glen Baugh, claimed they had
  found dinosaur prints alongside human footprints in the same
  strata, thus falsifying evolution (this, while saying out the other
  side of their mouths that evolution is not scientific because it is


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  not falsifiable).

  Glen Kuban and a crew of knowledgeable researchers spent about a
  year (in 1988) working at the Paluxy banks and produced proof that
  the "mantracks" were misidentified prints of a small, three-toed
  dinosaur. (See issue XII for the story.) Creationists are still
  mucking around in the Paluxy mire trying to find Fred Flintstone's
  tracks alongside those of his pets. There has been no clear,
  unequivocal renunciation of Baugh's slapstick farce in spite of the
  staring, knock-down evidence that demands it.

  THE CREATIONIST THREAT

  What the man on the street does not understand is that the
  creationists are a very dangerous lot. They have an agenda, are
  well financed, and have political clout far beyond their numbers.
  They have learned that they cannot make their way by the ordinary
  scientific processes of hard research and presentation of evidence
  subject to peer review, so they grab the lapels of the executive,
  legislative and judicial branches and shake out concessions to
  which they are not entitled.

  The creationists have shown us they are not above the most
  unscrupulous tactics including, but not limited to, lying,
  cheating, and manipulation. The flagellant fruitcakes in Iran
  chanting "Allah is great" are only a step in degree from some
  fundamentalist fanatics among the scientific creationists.
  [The journal "Creation/Evolution" is available at P.O. Box 146,
  Amherst, NY 14226. The cost is $12 for four issues. It is not
  published on a particular schedule.]


  "The more unnatural anything is, the more it is capable of becoming
  the object of dismal admiration." -- Thomas Paine


  RINGMASTER EXPOSES RING LEADERS OF SPIRITUAL FRAUD
  by Austin Miles

  Austin Miles is the author of "Don't Call Me Brother", a book about
  his experiences as a former Pentecostal pastor with the PTL
  ministry. Miles is an internationally famous circus ringmaster, his
  profession before the PTL. He will show how a bunch of con-men
  exploited the faith of millions of people to get millions upon
  millions of dollars from them.

  The PTL took advantage of laws designed to protect the freedom of
  worship. The responsible individuals were accountable to no one.
  They built a huge machinery of lobby groups and tax dodges to
  enrich themselves at the expense of the elderly, the poor and the
  genuinely pious.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  Mr. Miles will expose the internal workings of such fund raising
  schemes as nonexistent "financial crises", telethons and a level of
  immorality that makes an honest preacher blush.
  Come and hear this first-hand report from a man who traveled in the
  inner circles of the PTL Club and who watched Jim Bakker's
  corruption grow as the cash flowed in.


  KEEP IN TOUCH!

  with the BAS BBS: 300/1200/2400 baud. Lively exchange, current
  events, updates on skeptical happenings, relevant TV and radio
  appearances of BAS notables and rationality are a dial away.
  415-648-8944


  CALENDAR
  June Meeting
  LIVE AT THE PTL
  by Austin Miles
  Tuesday, June 26th, 7:30pm, El Cerrito Public Library

  The El Cerrito Public Library is at 6510 Stockton Ave. From Route
  80, take the Central Ave. exit (the third exit north of University
  Ave.). Go east about three blocks and turn left on San Pablo Ave.,
  continue three blocks and turn right on Stockton. The library is on
  the right in the third block.

  Watch for coming events in the BAS CALENDAR, or call 415-LA-TRUTH
  for up-to-the-minute details on events. If you have ideas about
  topics or speakers, leave a message on the hotline.

  WARNING: WE STRONGLY URGE that you call the hotline shortly before
  attending any Calendar activity to see if there have been any
  changes.


  RINGMASTER EXPOSES RINGLEADERS OF SPIRITUAL FRAUD
  by Austin Miles

  Austin Miles is the author of "Don't Call Me Brother", a book about
  his experiences as a former Pentacostal pastor with the PTL
  ministry. Miles is an internationally famous circus ringmaster, his
  profession before the PTL. He will show how a bunch of con-men
  exploited the faith of millions of people to get millions upon
  millions of dollars from them.

  The PTL took advantage of laws designed to protect the freedom of
  worship. The responsible individuals were accountable to no one.
  They built a huge machinery of lobby groups and tax dodges to
  enrich themselves at the expense of the elderly, the poor, and the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  genuinely pious.

  Mr. Miles will expose the internal workings of such fund-raising
  schemes as nonexistent "financial crises", telethons, and a level
  of immorality that makes an honest preacher blush.

  Come and hear this first-hand report from a man who traveled in the
  inner circles of the PTL Club, and who watched Jim Bakker's
  corruption grow as the cash flowed in.


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Kent Harker, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Kate Talbot, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the June, 1990 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1990 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:03]
