{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T12:36:02Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 70669, "source_ctime_ns": 1790085498876902836, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-04.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790085498873949949, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-04.pdf", "source_sha256": "d0dbb8a6da358a0de6cada232c3296c109a8cba68b99e5e32e4fd62ef750dbb1"}

-------------------------------------------------------
  April 1990 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 9, No. 4
              Editor: Kent Harker


  SKEPTICS STING CREATIONISTS
  by Ian Plimer

  This article (edited for space) first appeared in Vol. 9, #3 issue
  of "The Skeptic", publication of the Australian Skeptics. Dr.
  Plimer is head of the department of geology at the University of
  Newcastle. He is a self-confessed creationist basher.

  On 6-23-88 I sent -- unsolicited and anonymously -- a rock specimen
  composed of a fibrous clay mineral which looked like paper to the
  Creation Science Foundation.

  Without examining, testing, or soliciting mineralogical opinion,
  Andrew Snelling (director of CSF) published an article about the
  specimen in the October 1988 issue of "Creation Science Prayer
  News" under the title "Paper in Rock." The article announced: "This
  wouldn't matter much, except the rock is supposed to be more than
  200 million years old. Consequently the evolutionary geologists
  can't allow it to be paper because man supposedly wasn't around
  then. They conveniently ignore it as an oddity."

  The credibility of the Australian creationist movement was also
  exposed and the results are described below.

  CHRONOLOGY

  => July 23, 1988: A safe, anonymous source sends a specimen of
  "paper in rock" to CSF.

  => October 1988: Andrew Snelling (Ph.D. in geology from the
  University of Sydney) publishes the results of his "discovery" in
  CSF's own broadsheet in a section titled "Getting It Right."

  => April 19, 1989: Snelling presents his [usual] creation-science
  case at a creation-science conference. Plimer arranges for Patrick
  Lyons, a Western Mining Co. geologist, to challenge Snelling at
  question time about the paper in the rock. A vigorous exchange
  results. Plimer had anticipated this exchange and arranges for
  Lyons to present yet another sting on the same specimen: Lyons
  tells Snelling that the rock is the mineral palygorskite [a
  paperlike substance].

  => May 1989: "Creation Science Prayer News" publishes an article
  under the heading "Research News." In it, there is no admission of


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  or apology and retraction for a gross, careless mistake. Instead
  they say: "Because the sample contained what definitely looked like
  thick paper or cardboard, there was always the temptation to rush
  into print and sensationalise the discovery. However, information
  now to hand suggests that it is highly likely the `paper' [is] the
  mineral palygorskite. . . ."

  CREATIONIST CREDIBILITY

  The specimen . . . contains neither paper nor the clay mineral
  palygorskite. It consists of attapulgite, a clay mineral very
  similar to palygorskite. Attapulgite is used as cat litter. It
  would be tempting to write that the creationists are up to their
  necks in it.

  Simple hand examination can easily demonstrate that the specimen is
  not a "paper rock," but an attapulgite-palygorskite group mineral.
  The technique for differentiating the two is a simple, inexpensive
  ($20), well-known technique: X-ray diffraction. Dr. Snelling has
  presumably learned and used these procedures in his training at the
  University of Sydney.

  CONCLUSION

  It is clear that at no time was any real research carried out on
  the rock sample. A simple test would have revealed that [it] was
  not paper. A slightly more complex test would have shown it was not
  palygorskite.

  If we consider that the discovery of paper in a rock sample 200 MY
  old would have provided astounding evidence for the fundamentalist
  hypothesis of a young Earth, it is incredible that no research was
  conducted. Failure to do this research support[s the] contention
  that CSF is not interested in science, research, or facts. It is
  merely concerned with the publication of anything that fits a
  preconceived dogmatic position.

  CSF has been stung twice by the same sample. It has proved that it
  is unable to distinguish between cat litter and paper, which might
  suggest to the more perceptive of its supporters an alternative use
  for CSF's many publications.

  Of itself, it is unimportant that CSF is so ignorant of scientific
  procedures that it can be fooled so easily (scientific illiteracy
  is not a crime -- it is just a shame). It isn't even of much
  importance that CSF should choose to promulgate specious facts to
  its subscribers, who always have the option of not renewing their
  subscriptions.

  What is of concern to the rest of us is that CSF should publicly
  proclaim itself to be a body involved in scientific research and
  that it should seek, using political tactics, to have its peculiar
  brand of pseudoscience included in the science curricula of [our]
  schools.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  (Note: Australia has no equivalent Establishment Clause in their
  constitution, so the legal issues are very different from those in
  the U.S. -- Ed.)


  BAS INFLUENCE
  by Robert Sheaffer

  The following was broadcast on ABC-TV's popular show "Entertainment
  Tonight," 6 February, reaching an audience of millions:

      The E.T. Insider begins today with the news that did NOT
      happen, the predictions of those tabloid sages who can
      see the future. According to a San Francisco publication
      called the "Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet",
      psychics made the following predictions for 1989 which
      did not come to pass:

      Eddie Murphy did not get married. Prince Charles did not
      have a nervous breakdown. Ted Kennedy didn't marry Donna
      Rice. And, a UFO did not crash in Kansas.

  Newspaper coverage for the "BASIS" article was picked up by the
  "Oakland Tribune" of 5 February in which it ran a line "Unhappy
  Mediums: Here's one prediction that came true in 1989: Bay Area
  Skeptics said the nation's psychics would make fools of themselves,
  and they did."


  ESP AND dQ OVER T
  by Harold Morowitz

  ESP, "extrasensory perception," has become the most widely known
  term from the general field of psychical phenomena. Of all the
  borderline effects, ESP comes closest to scientific respectability
  by being perceived as similar to the paradigms of normal science.
  However, confusion exists because ESP has two quite different
  meanings.

  One school of thought believes that information may be transmitted
  from one individual or object to another individual or object by
  means of physical signals that we have not as yet discovered. These
  carriers may be electromagnetic waves in some little-studied
  spectral range, or gravity waves, or some other type of
  ill-characterized energy transmission. Such a postulate has the
  virtue of being within the framework of contemporary physics. Other
  advocates of ESP believe that transmission involves methods that
  are totally outside the range of measurement of physical devices
  and are not energy dependent in the thermodynamic sense.

  The first concept of ESP does not fit the ordinary meaning of the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  words, for if a physical signal is sent from a source with a
  sending device to an individual with a receiver, there is nothing
  extrasensory about the process. It is de facto sensory; we have
  only failed so far to locate and characterize the sense organ. Such
  phenomena may be very interesting, but nothing revolutionary is
  being explored that is likely to change our philosophical concepts
  or science. I would suggest that we use the term USC, "unidentified
  sensory communication," to describe such phenomena. This may cause
  some confusion with the University of Southern California, but
  usage doubtless will make clear which USC is intended.

  The second type of ESP, or true extra sensory perception, is an
  entirely different kind of idea. If it is proved to exist, it will
  seriously alter our ideas about physics and biology. This kind of
  ESP would, as we will show, violate the Second Law of
  thermodynamics and force a basic reformulation of most of science.

  To examine this discrepancy between psychic phenomena and normative
  science, we go back to the mid-1800s. The Second Law of
  thermodynamics states that spontaneous processes always tend toward
  maximum disorder. The measure of this submicroscopic chaos is
  called "entropy", and changes in this quantity are computed from
  the changes in the heat, dQ, divided by temperature, T.

  Shortly after the original findings about entropy increase, James
  Maxwell posed the following paradox. He imagined two boxes of the
  same gas of equal volumes and equal pressure with a wall between
  them. In the wall he assumed a tiny trap door operated by a
  minuscule creature. When the being saw a molecule approaching the
  door from the right and no molecules approached from the left, it
  opened the door; otherwise the door was closed. As this process was
  repeated, an excess of molecules was built up in the left-hand
  chamber and a deficit developed in the right.

  Carrying this out from sufficient time would result in all of the
  molecules on the left and none on the right. The hypothetical
  creature became known to science as Maxwell's demon. His
  devilishness consisted of defying the Second Law of thermodynamics
  by spontaneously changing the state of the gas from the disordered
  uniform distribution to the more ordered state showing a
  concentration difference.

  DEMON EXORCISED

  The annoying demon hung around in physics for a long time, until he
  was exorcised by using the powerful methods of information theory
  that had just been developed by C. E. Shannon. In order to know
  when to open the door, the demon would have to make observations,
  that is take measurements on its environment. The demon would
  require photons or some other physical signal to see the molecules.
  Such signals require the expenditure of energy. This power
  expenditure leads to at least as much molecular disordering in the
  measurement as can be gained by opening and closing the door at the
  appropriate times.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  The crux of this scientific argument is that you cannot get
  something for nothing, EVEN INFORMATION. Energy must be expended in
  learning about the state of the system. This reasoning, which was
  put in more detailed mathematics by information theorists, resolved
  the problem that Maxwell had set over half a century.

  Now assume the possibility of extrasensory perception. In the
  problem set by Maxwell it would correspond to a demon who would
  know the state of approaching molecules without any accessory
  disordering reactions. This would of course violate that revered
  Second Law. And as everybody who remembers that PV = nRT will be
  quick to see, a difference in the number of molecules in the two
  boxes is equivalent to a difference in pressure. Such a pressure
  differential allows a force to be exerted on a piston and permits
  mechanical work to be done.

  After one round of such work the demon could once again engineer a
  pressure difference and power could be generated. Thus if true ESP
  exists, we can design a device to continuously convert the heat of
  matter into work. Among other benefits to mankind the energy crisis
  would immediately be solved.

  By this time you are probably looking at your leg to see if some
  demon author is pulling it. Not so! In plain old-fashioned physics
  extrasensory perception, if it exist, could counter the laws of
  thermodynamics and usher in a golden age of energy. The Maxwell
  demon is not an essential part of the argument. Any knowledge of
  the state of a system obtained without taking a physical
  measurement lowers the entropy and opens up the previous
  possibilities. All right, supporters of ESP, the ball is in your
  court.

  While musing over these matters, I chanced upon an article
  reporting on a number of secret CIA memos from the 1950s that had
  just been released under the Freedom of Information Act. One such
  document revealed the secret agency had considered using ESP to spy
  on unfriendly powers. This suggests limitless possibilities, a
  "mind tap" without a court order and countless other invasions of
  privacy. In any case, this memo demonstrates how far psychic
  thinking has crept into the establishment mentality.

  Come, come, gentlemen, I thought, are we to be a nation of "Second
  Law and disorder," or are we going to flirt ideologies, alien even
  to the laws of physics? With ESP and the laws of thermodynamics, we
  can only have it one way or the other. There is no happy medium.

  (From "Mayonnaise and the Origin of Life," Bantam, courtesy J.
  Taube.)


  OH MY, OMARR


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  Who is the best-know astrologer in the United States? Sydney Omarr,
  whose daily horoscope is syndicated nationally in more newspapers
  than any other column save Ann's and sister Abigail's.

  This most popular of all astrologers polished his crystal ball,
  looked up the charts of the opposing Super Bowl contenders and made
  a nice pile of horse puckey so soft and full of innocuous gas that
  any way you smelled it was posies: "[Joe Montana] is on a high
  cycle." "An upset is not outside the realm of possibility." Etc. .
  ..

  However, there was one little ragweed in the pile. The entire
  feature article ("San Jose Mercury", January 19, 1989), after a
  numbing, mumbling, bumbling mish-mash, said only one single thing,
  the second half of which could rightly be classed as a prediction:
  "If San Francisco wins, IT WON'T BEAT THE POINT SPREAD" (emphasis
  added).

  Oh Sid, we do so hope that all your astrology junkies who ran to
  their bookies to cash in on the best advice the aspects have to
  offer called you after the game. They should ask you to open your
  coffers -- filled from the purchase of your books and horoscopes --
  to reimburse them for the bum counsel you gave.

  If you don't think you owe them anything for accepting your
  stinkers, you might act more responsibly by adding a P. T. Barnum
  caveat in 36-point bold print at the front of your soothsaying. Or
  you might refer your worshipers to the "Mercury" comics page next
  to "Robotman," where your daily horoscope appears.

  Omarr is probably safe. The faithful are very long on patience and
  very short on memory.


  TRUE HERBALISM
  by Dan Dugan

  I don't usually read the garden column in the paper, but the
  headline caught my eye: "10 false beliefs damaging image of true
  herbalism." Marie Hammock, writing in the "S. F. Examiner" of
  August 6, 1989, reviewed a talk given by Verro Tyler of Purdue U.
  to the Herb Growers and Marketers Association in late July.

  Tyler really worked over the belief system of what he calls
  "paraherbalism," the unscientific use of herbs. He named ten false
  beliefs: 1) A conspiracy by the medical establishment discourages
  the use of herbs; 2) Herbs cannot harm, only cure; 3) Whole herbs
  are more effective than their isolated active constituents; 4)
  Natural and organic herbs are superior to synthetic drugs; 5) The
  doctrine of signatures is meaningful (significance of form and
  shape); 6) Astrological influences are significant; 7) Reducing the
  dose of a medicine increases therapeutic potency (homeopathy); 8)
  Physiological tests in animals are not applicable to human beings;

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  9) Anecdotal evidence of therapeutic value is highly significant;
  10) Herbs were created by God specifically to cure disease.

  He concluded that "More misinformation regarding the safety and
  efficacy of herbs is currently being placed before the public than
  at any previous time, including the turn-of-the century heyday of
  patent medicines." Tyler says that true herbalism is "the wise use
  of safe and effective herbs by an interested and informed public,
  the scientific study and testing of herbs and the honest reporting
  of such results in the literature the public reads. It also
  includes the production and ethical marketing of herbs."

  It seems to me that when you take away the ten false beliefs you
  don't have much left to call "true herbalism." In any case, kudos
  to Marie Hammock and the "Examiner" for good reporting.


  SCIENCE WON MEDIUM

  Dr. Kevin Padian, a professor of biological evolution at UC
  Berkeley, addressed the January meeting of BAS. His topic was the
  California Science Framework, a document on which a committee of
  the State Department of Education (DOE) has been working for over
  a year. The committee had 16 people, only three of whom were
  professional scientists. Dr. Padian was the director.

  The Framework document, available from the Department of Education,
  Box 944272, Sacramento 94244, is 187 pages in its final draft. It
  has no legal force: its purpose is to give direction to textbook
  publishers for what the DOE wants the public schools (K-9) to have
  in the classroom. There is no DOE textbook adoption policy in
  grades 10-12, but the influence from the lower grades cannot be
  overlooked.

  California is the leader in textbook adoption because of sheer
  numbers. That, coupled with the practical economics of the system,
  are such that only three or four different text books are printed
  for each subject, so most of the rest of the western states will
  get what California chooses. The stakes are very high.

  It seems a little silly to have to say that the Science Framework
  is to provide a framework for science education. Unfortunately,
  fundamentalist Christians raised such a stink about the whole
  process that much of the public perception has been that the
  Framework is a document only about biology. Because of the
  Christian right-wing interference, most of the outside debate
  turned about the creation/evolution question.

  Padian shocked us with the revelation that the thirteen
  non-scientists on the committee reacted mostly to pressure. Sheer
  volume. Letters from highly qualified specialists did not match the
  quantity of the creationist's barrage, so it is perhaps remarkable
  that the final document has any integrity at all.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  COMPROMISE

  The hard reality is that the militant fundamentalist right
  politicized the whole process. The forging of a framework for the
  California science curriculum should be based upon the best
  prevailing evidence, presented in the classroom in the most
  pedagogically sound fashion. The flood of fundamentalist lobbying
  disrupted the normal process and cast a political pall over the
  entire proceedings, resulting in revisions to placate creationist
  threats.

  There were some at the BAS meeting who thought Padian's committee
  had sold out to the creationists. Skeptics suggested that, contrary
  to what Kevin said -- "science won big" -- science may have won the
  battle but it lost the war. Some in BAS thought that any
  concession, however minute, amounted to capitulation. These
  skeptics pointed out that since the creationist position is
  absolute they cannot accept compromise, so what is the percentage
  in offering it? The creationists would go to court and challenge
  everything that contradicted their faith anyway.

  Dr. Padian's energetic efforts since the committee closed the
  document have been directed at changing the perception presented by
  the press. Newspapers nationwide have focused on the changes made
  in later revisions without saying anything about what remained in
  the work. The sentence, "Evolution is a fact." was taken out, and
  that brought a deluge of print about how evolution was removed from
  the Framework, which is a gross distortion. The Fourth Estate
  seemed to convey the idea that science lost big. Padian wants us to
  see that science won big -- that the concessions to creationists
  were not substantive.

  Since, like it or not, the process became political, political
  reality is one of compromise. The real question is if the general
  thrust of the document was compromised. "Evolution" is used over
  200 times in the final draft. It says that evolution is a fact as
  well as a theory, and that evolution MUST be taught as an
  integrative principle -- evolution cannot be avoided in the
  teaching of science. Padian argued that the general thrust had not
  been sabotaged.

  There may even be some hidden benefit to the public perception that
  evolution is played down or out of the Framework. It might serve to
  mute some of the harangue against modern science education
  according to the guidelines of the Framework.

  NEW VS. OLD

  The old Framework lacked detail. It didn't integrate the whole of
  science with general themes, and even conveyed some
  misunderstanding if not downright error. It emphasized fact over
  theory, even suggesting that science lacks doubt about major
  theories.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  This new Framework emphasizes theory over fact. Theories are
  robust, alive, interesting and educational. Theory is more
  important than fact; the new Framework seeks to displace
  memorization of facts with teaching investigation and formation of
  theories. It tries to make what we know, AND HOW WE KNOW IT, the
  goal of science education.

  The new Framework seeks to work within the entire science
  curriculum to show how theories interact and influence
  interdisciplinary thinking. Good theories give themes that knit
  knowledge together. The new Framework distills six themes that must
  be presented in texts:

  => Scale and structure
  => Energy
  => Evolution
  => Systems and interactions
  => Patterns of change
  => Stability

  MISCELLANY

  Someone raised the question of individual belief. Should the
  classroom have as its goal the direction and formation of belief?
  Kevin pronounced a very important point: "Education does not compel
  belief -- only understanding. We don't CARE what a student
  believes," he said.

  Education can only have as its function to help the student
  understand nature by the best available evidence. What or how the
  student incorporates that understanding into his or her personal
  life is of no concern or even interest to science education.

  Padian took occasion to dispense with a couple of very common
  misconceptions about his specialty, evolutionary biology. The first
  is that evolution is goal-seeking, or progressive. Evolution in a
  particular direction does not imply that there is "progress" in
  that direction. The only thing that "works" from an evolutionary
  point is survival.

  In this sense it might be argued that insects have "progressed" the
  most because they are easily the most durable form of animal life
  on the planet. Modern science has failed, with all its
  technological wizardry, to eradicate a single species. (Some
  heretics have even suggested that man's only function is to provide
  a meal ticket for bugs: they eat us and our food.)

  The second one is the even more common notion that mutations are
  mostly harmful. Many have suggested that more than 99.99% are
  harmful. The reality is that mutations are almost all neutral,
  producing no observable change whatever. For the few mutations that
  do have some effect, what they might produce is a function of the
  environment: the same mutation might be deleterious in one


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  circumstance and beneficial in another. The "value" of a mutation
  is therefore subjective, undetermined of itself.

  Science won at least medium.


  CREATIONISTS ISSUE A PHONY SCHOOLBOOK
  by William Bennetta

  The Foundation for Thought and Ethics (FTE) a fundamentalist group
  in Richardson, Texas, has produced a religious book that is being
  promoted to biology teachers as "a supplemental high school text."
  Called "Of Pandas and People", the book is simply a reworking of
  some doctrines of "creation-science" -- the pseudoscience by which
  fundamentalists purport to show that the Holy Bible is an
  infallible account of history, that the universe was created
  supernaturally (and essentially in its present form), and that
  humans do not share any ancestry or evolutionary history with other
  organisms.

  The teaching of "creation-science" in public schools was precluded
  in June 1987, when the Supreme Court decided "Edwards v.
  Aguillard". At issue was a law that authorized "creation-science"
  instruction in the schools of Louisiana. The Court -- affirming an
  appeals-court judgment that had found "creation-science" to be a
  body of anti-scientific religious beliefs -- characterized
  "creation-science" as "a religious viewpoint that rejects evolution
  in its entirety." Teaching it in public schools would violate the
  establishment clause of the First Amendment, which forbids any law
  that would establish an official religion.

  In "Pandas" we see a new restatement of that "religious viewpoint."
  All the material that the book presents has appeared in earlier
  screeds issued by creationists, but the FTE's writers have
  subjected that material to a purging. It no longer refers to
  biblical passages or miracles. It disguises the biblical God as a
  nameless "intelligent agent" whose only evident function is to make
  organisms in a non-evolutionary way. And it is not called
  "creation-science" anymore.

  It is the same old stuff, however, and quite recognizable to anyone
  familiar with the writings of "creation-scientists": false
  statements, doubletalk, misleading analogies and straw men, gilded
  here and there with distorted quotations from legitimate scientific
  literature. Here are two examples:

  In denying that organic evolution has happened, the writers face
  this problem: Their assertion is demonstrably false. Cases exist in
  which speciation -- the evolution of a new species -- has been
  directly observed, and many science teachers know this. (See
  Catherine A. Callaghan's "Instances of Observed Speciation" in
  "American Biology Teacher" for January 1987.)


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  The writers try to skirt this truth by saying, on page 19, that
  speciation is not evolution: "Evolution requires the expansion of
  the gene pool, the addition of new genetic information, whereas
  speciation represents the loss of genetic information." That is not
  even wrong. It is absurd. It has no basis or meaning in science,
  and it evidently is aimed at people who think that anyone who says
  obscure things must be wise.

  Now look at chapter 6, which purports to refute the view that
  biochemical similarities among organisms bespeak evolutionary
  relationships. As the writers acknowledge, the chapter draws from
  a dramatically titled book that first was published in 1985:
  "Evolution: A Theory in Crisis", by Michael Denton. It was not a
  scientific work but a mystical, mass-market book that included much
  of "creation-science," and it soon became a favorite among
  fundamentalist preachers and their followers.

  Soon, too, it was discredited by scientists, because Denton had not
  bothered to learn anything about evolutionary biology before he
  started to write. He was preoccupied with notions that science had
  abandoned long ago, such as the idea that organisms should
  represent a linear progression or "ladder" of forms, and his book
  was ludicrous. (For a succinct analysis, by Michael Ruse, see "New
  Scientist" for 13 June 1985.)

  Despite all that, "Pandas" reverently recycles Denton's stuff,
  including the mistake that he made as he tried to guess what
  biologists infer from biochemical evidence: He guessed that they
  think that today's mammals, today's birds and other modern
  organisms have evolved from still another MODERN species. Then he
  did some meaningless exercises with the protein cytochrome c.

  Cytochrome c is a showpiece in the study of evolution, for it
  occurs -- with variations in the sequence of its amino acids -- in
  a wide range of organisms. By charting the variations, biologists
  chart evolutionary relationships. Denton tried it too, using data
  from Dayhoff's "Atlas of Protein Sequence and Structure", but he
  got it all wrong. He confused, for example, a modern bacterium with
  its ancestor that lived 2 billion years ago, and he made the -
  "astonishing" finding that there was no "intermediate" between the
  modern bacterium and a modern horse or pigeon. The bacterium was
  not the horse's or pigeon's ancestor!

  The writers of "Pandas" borrow Denton's inane technique and use it
  to erect and kill a series of straw men. For example: They cite
  data about the cytochromes of a modern pig, a modern duck and each
  of several other modern organisms, and then they announce, on page
  144:

  "[T]he cytochrome c of wheat (Figure 6-11) is equally separated and
  distinct from the cytochromes of other eukaryotes, whether a pig,
  a duck, a turtle, a bullfrog, a carp, a silkworm moth, or a yeast.
  None of the species is ancestral to any other."


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  Right. But no biologist thinks, in the first place, that any such
  "ancestral" relationship exists. No biologist holds that a modern
  carp is the ancestor of a modern duck or a modern yeast.

  Similarly, and with fatal results for another straw man, the
  "Pandas" writers compare the cytochrome c of a modern moth with the
  cytochromes of a modern human, a modern penguin, a modern turtle,
  a modern tuna and a modern lamprey. The only significant part of
  their exercise is the way in which they describe it: They say that
  it "compares the cytochrome c of a silkworm moth to the cytochrome
  c of five vertebrates supposedly widely distributed up and down the
  evolutionary ladder." Their notion that scientists credit an
  "evolutionary ladder" -- a concept that science discarded some 200
  years ago -- shows again how isolated these "creation-scientists"
  are from science.

  An advertisement for "Pandas" ran in the November 1989 issue of
  "The Science Teacher", the monthly journal of the National Science
  Teachers Association (NSTA). According to the advertisement, the
  book had "been prepared with academic integrity," and had been
  "Authored by mainstream, published science educators." Those claims
  were specious.

  The opening pages of "Pandas" show two authors (Percival Davis and
  Dean H. Kenyon), an "academic editor" (Charles B. Thaxton),
  thirty-five "critical reviewers" and eight "editors and
  contributors," but none of them is identified by any affiliation or
  profession. They are just naked names. Let me provide some
  clothing:

  PERCIVAL DAVIS, also known as P. William Davis, teaches biology at
  Hillsborough Community College in Tampa, Florida. I called him on
  5 August 1987 (after I learned of the FTE's work on the book that
  eventually would become "Pandas") to ask for a copy of his
  curriculum vitae, and I then iterated my request in letters sent on
  6 August and 3 September. He sent nothing. I wrote again on 30
  November 1989 (when "Pandas" had been published and was being
  advertised), noted that he was being billed as a "mainstream,
  published science educator," and again asked for his "cv." Again,
  he sent nothing.

  DEAN H. KENYON is a tenured professor of biology at San Francisco
  State University -- a position that he got before he got
  fundamentalist religion. His conversion evidently took place in the
  early 1970s. Since then, he has contributed almost nothing to the
  formal scientific literature. He keeps his tenure and title,
  however, and these equip him for a unique role in the creationists'
  show: He belongs to a respectable department of biology, but he
  publicly endorses various doctrines of "creation-science."

  In 1981 he went to Little Rock to testify, in the federal court
  there, for an Arkansas statute that would have authorized the
  teaching of "creation-science" in that state's public schools; but
  he then left town before he could be called as a witness. Later he

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  wrote an affidavit supporting the Louisiana statute that was
  nullified by the Supreme Court in 1987.

  I wrote to Kenyon in August 1987 to request his "cv", but he did
  not reply. I wrote again in December 1989, and this time he
  answered. But instead of sending his "cv", he asked me for mine. He
  thus invoked a maneuver that is favored by his kind: When a
  pseudoscientist is asked about his claims or credentials, he may
  try to deflect attention from them by demanding the credentials of
  the questioner -- even if the questioner is making no claims and
  has nothing to support or defend.

  That was the case here: *I* was not making any claim about being a
  "mainstream, published science educator" or anything else; nor was
  any publisher making any such claim on my behalf. I was sorry that
  Kenyon had expected me to accept his trite gambit, and I did not
  correspond further with him.

  CHARLES B. THAXTON claims a doctorate in physical chemistry but
  seems not to have done any scientific work since he left college.
  He works at The Julian Center, a religious community (in Julian,
  California) whose doctrinal statement says that biblical scriptures
  "are the final authority when speaking on any matter: doctrinal,
  historical, ethical, or scientific," and that there are "evil
  spirits, called demons," that eventually will be put into a "lake
  of fire" by God.

  The Center's listing of faculty calls Thaxton an "outstanding
  scientist" but does not mention any scientific work or interests.
  When I wrote for Thaxton's "cv" in 1987, he sent two evasive
  answers. When I tried again, on 30 November 1989, the reply came
  from Thomas T. Anderson, a lawyer (in Indio, California) who has
  been involved in various creationist causes. "Dr. Thaxton," said
  Anderson, "has decided to follow my advice and not send you the
  requested information. It would be appreciated if hence forth [sic]
  any correspondence concerning this matter be sent to me."

  Such are the "mainstream, published science educators" who have
  concocted "Pandas". None of the three is listed in the "American
  Men & Women of Science", but all appear on the FTE's letterhead as
  members of the FTE's "Council of Academic and Educational
  Advisors."

  As for those "reviewers" listed in "Pandas": Some, as far as I can
  tell, have not been conspicuously associated with "creation-
  science" heretofore. Some others, such as Norman L. Geisler, surely
  have been. Geisler is a creationist minister from the Dallas
  Theological Seminary. He gained brief fame in 1981, when he was a
  witness in the trial engendered by the Arkansas "creation-science"
  statute -- the trial from which Dean H. Kenyon disappeared without
  testifying. Under cross-examination, Geisler admitted that he not
  only liked "creation-science" but also thought that unidentified
  flying objects were "a satanic manifestation in the world for the
  purpose of deception."

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  Three more of the "reviewers" listed in "Pandas" demand attention
  here. They are J. David Price, John L. Wiester and Walter R. Hearn,
  and they already have won prominence in the game that the FTE now
  is playing: trying to put "creation-science" into public schools by
  offering bogus publications to science teachers.

  In 1986, under the aegis of the American Scientific Affiliation
  (ASA) -- a religious organization with a misleading name -- Price,
  Wiester and Hearn produced a handsome booklet of creationist
  pseudoscience. And the ASA then mailed copies to tens of thousands
  of high-school teachers.

  The booklet, "Teaching Science in a Climate of Controversy", sought
  to convince teachers that scientific inferences about the history
  of life on Earth were just flimsy fancies. The writing was
  restrained, but the content was classic creationist quackery. (See
  my article "A Question of Integrity," in the spring-1987 issue of
  "California Science Teacher's Journal".)

  Soon after I saw the advertisement for "Pandas" in the NSTA's
  monthly, I spoke with the NSTA's assistant executive director,
  Marily DeWall, and I summarized what I knew about the book's
  content and history. She replied by saying that no more advertising
  for "Pandas" would be taken by the NSTA's publications. This was a
  right decision, consistent with the NSTA's concern for scientific
  integrity. "Pandas" is bogus from cover to cover, and it has no
  place in science classrooms.


  BOOK REVIEW
  by Yves Barbero

  "Cosmic Catastrophes" by Clark R. Chapman and David Morrison, 302
  pages, including a glossary and index (Plenum Press, $22.95).

  Finally, a truly useful analysis concerning cataclysmic celestial
  events for those of us who have little or no math and even less
  formal scientific training. And imagine the pleasant surprise when
  we have it in well-written English to boot.

  For years I've been catching a newspaper article here and a longer
  magazine piece there. Occasionally, they were excellent expositions
  but more often than not, they were written by a bored reporter or
  a scholar with an ax to grind or in a language only he and a dozen
  or so peers could understand.

  What was needed is finally provided by the Chapman/Morrison book.
  "Cosmic Catastrophes" covers all the bases: impacts from space, the
  death of the dinosaurs, the much-talked about nuclear winter, the
  new science of chaos theory, the origin of the moon, colliding
  worlds, comets, craters, climatology, the greenhouse effect, the
  ozone depleation, supernovas (a particular delight was reading what


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  the 1987 supernova in the Southern Hemisphere meant insofar as
  scientific theories were concerned) and the death of the Sun.

  The book also provides an excellent thumb-nail history of the
  uniformitarianism verses catastrophism debate. This is important in
  the context of the scientific creationist's tactics. The
  creationists use the early 20th-century view of uniformitarianism
  in their debates, and modern uniformitarianism is a very differnt
  concept. Few lay readers get an insight to this information except
  those of us strange enough to regularly read Stephen Jay Gould in
  "Natural History" magazine.

  Yes, the authors do cover scientific creationist claims in some
  detail, and our old friend, the late Immanuel Velikovsky, is
  analyzed as an example of "catastrophism gone wild." The book even
  covers other fringe catastrophism notions, including one very
  popular at the time of Nazi Germany when academic (Jewish) science
  was rejected. Fringe science is not always just merely silly. It's
  sometimes dangerous.

  The book is thorough, provides a useful glossary, is written for
  the intelligent layman, seems biased for ecological concerns
  (atmospheric warming is well covered), insists on the scientific
  approach and even names names. It's an ideal book to give to a
  bright kid or a discerning adult. I can find little to fault it
  except that I would have liked it to have been longer.


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Kent Harker, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Kate Talbot, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation


  BAS ADVISORS


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the April, 1990 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1990 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 04.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:02]
