{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T10:19:39Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 65579, "source_ctime_ns": 1790284115169975599, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-06.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790284114722071484, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-06.pdf", "source_sha256": "d58066f962f63419688aba0d1855ce53a098a76fc6ae691f9f3a5c723e93bc3c"}

------------------------------------------------------
  June 1989 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 8, No. 6
              Editor: Kent Harker


  THE CASE OF THE COUNTERFEIT CHRISTIANS
  by Don Henvick

  [The inimitable Don Henvick, scourge of the fundamentalist
  Christian healing crusaders, is at it again -- this time with a
  decidedly different approach. For the benefit of new "BASIS"
  readers a little background is in order. Don has for the last three
  years dogged the trail of some of the more infamous healers (Peter
  Popoff, W. V. Grant, et al.) posing under a variety of aliases and
  disguises. Many cures of non-existent maladies have been pronounced
  upon his pate and he has been "called out" in the spirit by
  different names by the SAME healer (three times by poor Popoff
  alone). Popoff even called out and healed "Bernice," a rather
  masculine-looking matron, of uterine cancer. Popoff's spiritual
  eyes failed to discern Don in drag.

  It was early in 1986 that CSICOP, working with BAS, put the final
  nail in Popoff's coffin in San Francisco: We caught him with a tiny
  device in his ear, receiving revelation from his wife who was
  backstage radioing information from prayer cards collected from the
  audience. -- Ed.]


  Faith healers come in all shapes, sizes and flavors. Some small
  timers ask a person what ails him, pray for him and hope for the
  best. Others claim that their prayers have effected a healing.
  Some, like Pat Robertson, use a shotgun approach "word of
  knowledge" by saying someone in the audience is being healed of
  back pain, for example, and then waiting to see who responds.
  Others, like Peter Popoff, enhance this process by researching the
  audience and later spitting back the information as divine
  knowledge. All of the faith healers have one thing in common: faith
  in the value of unsupported testimonials to prove miraculous cures.

  However, the "Happy Hunters" are in a class by themselves.

  Charles and Frances Hunter are a sixty-ish couple out of Texas;
  they draw audiences in the thousands with a unique formula. Not
  only can they perform healing miracles themselves, but they teach
  thousands of others how to do faith healing! David Alexander had
  written about their operation in "Free Inquiry" some time ago after
  he and BAS director Shawn Carlson had checked out one of their get-
  togethers. Picture an audience of about five thousand people
  gathered on the floor of an arena while the Hunters turn loose


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  about a thousand true believers who have read books, watched videos
  and taken a three-day class to learn how to do "the stuff." Picture
  arms and legs growing out, hundreds of people at a time falling
  down at the healer's touch, and hundreds of others exclaiming that
  they have been healed. Whew!

  I read Alexander's report, talked to him, and started thinking.
  What claims do the Hunters make? What evidence do they offer for
  those claims? What opportunities do they leave for an
  investigation? Well, as usual, they don't follow up on the people
  they heal -- they merely wait for those who get better to come back
  and claim they have been healed. Then they accept those
  testimonials without further inquiry. Since they ignore all the
  people who are not cured, their success rate by their reckoning is
  100%. One could always track down some people who go to their show
  and come away disappointed, but the Hunters don't specifically
  claim that everyone will be healed. They leave the healing to their
  thousand students so they can't be personally blamed for failures.
  The Hunters don't claim that they hear God telling them who has
  what problem because people hand in little cards detailing their
  afflictions.

  With so few gimmicks going for them, what explains the Hunter's
  success in attracting so many people? The answer is, like the cut-
  rate car dealer: VOLUME! With a thousand trained healers in
  attendance, every member of the public gets personal, hands-on
  treatment, and the power of suggestion convinces most that they are
  or will be better. This is in dramatic contrast to other healers
  on the circuit who, working alone, can only reach a few.

  The Hunter's point of vulnerability is their claim that ONLY TRUE
  BELIEVERS WHO HAVE COMPLETED THEIR TRAINING CAN INVOKE THE POWER
  FROM GOD TO HEAL PEOPLE; i.e., if non-believers tried it they would
  get no results. Now this is a proposition that can be tested.

  Let's assume that the healings are the result of the placebo
  effect. Let's assume that we can get people -- non-believers --
  into the Hunter's program and that these people lay hands on the
  faithful who in turn voluntarily testify that they have been
  healed. Let's assume that with the mere touch of a finger, our
  counterfeit Christians could cause people to fall over, "slain in
  the spirit," just like the "real" faith healers do. Let's assume
  that if we could do this we would demonstrate that something other
  than the power of God can explain what happens to these people.
  Let's stop assuming. Let's do it!

  First off, we've got to research the Hunter's operation to find out
  IF -- Big IF -- it can be penetrated. They will be coming to
  Oakland in a couple of months, so I call their office for
  information. Several evangelical churches in the area that have
  organized study groups to watch fourteen hours of the Hunters'
  video tape and to read their book. I call one of the churches,
  borrow the tapes, buy a copy of the book and study at home.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  Checking out the video produces some hints on how to proceed. Yes,
  THEY DO CLAIM THAT ONLY BELIEVERS CAN HEAL. God does not work
  through those who lack faith. We definitely have something to shoot
  for. Almost as interesting from a medical point of view is their
  theory of how diseases originate -- something they tend to soft-
  pedal in their public appearances. The Happy Hunters, it turns out,
  are nothing less than born-again chiropractors! Their video and
  book, both called "How to Heal the Sick," are filled with seemingly
  sage medical advice about relieving pressure on nerves in various
  spots on the spine, thereby healing all kinds of ailments. However,
  unlike a chiropractor's manipulation, the Hunter's method involves
  simply touching or very lightly moving the body at various points
  and COMMANDING a healing, because, after all, the believers have
  God on their side, and He does all of the actual work.

  The students are regaled with stories of miracles performed by the
  Hunters using these methods. My personal favorite is the story
  Charles Hunter tells about how he prayed over the amputated thumb
  of a young boy and, before everyone's eyes, it grew out to full
  length, including a thumb nail! Wow! (He only talks about this on
  the tape, and never shows it. I wonder why?) In the excitement of
  the moment, Charles also forgot to get the boy's name, so I guess
  this miracle can't be checked by the doctors. But we have Charles'
  word for it, so it must all be true.

  Before you get TOO excited about their miraculous claims, however,
  I need to point out that the Hunters are not necessarily the best
  walking ads for their own methods. Frances, whose bulk would make
  a '49er linebacker envious, also claims to be able to cure
  obesity, and Charles, whose chrome dome rivals a billiard ball,
  claims to be able to cure baldness. Furthermore, don't go whining
  to the Happys about your lousy eyesight and expect God to give you
  20/20. Sure He can do it, and sure, He likes to please the Hunters
  and make the blind see and all that. But face it. It's much easier
  and, yes, even fun, just to wear glasses and not bother the Big
  Guy about not being able to see. Oh, did I mention that Frances
  Hunter wears glasses herself?

  Soon the Hunter's resident chiropractor shows up on the video to
  explain the SCIENTIFIC basis for their method! He uses a model
  backbone, a pointer, and big words, so I guess what he's saying
  must be physiologically correct. I must confess, however, that he
  loses me when he explains that since all the nerves are
  interconnected, Charles Hunter is able to touch a man's earlobe and
  cure his hemorrhoids. Isn't science wonderful?

  In short, the Hunter method of divine healing doesn't involve
  anything so mundane as laying hands on a person and praying for God
  to heal. Come on folks! If it were that easy, there would be no
  market . . . er, I mean, no NEED for the Happy Hunters to go
  traipsing round the country holding classes, collecting donations
  and graduating certified divine healers.

  The Hunter method includes several techniques for different parts

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  of the body. The "Neck Thing" consists of placing ones hands on the
  back of a person's neck and very gently moving the head around.
  The Hunters claim that this will unpinch the nerves and realign the
  vertebrae, curing anything from a headache to a broken back. A
  skeptic might counter that any relief a person might feel would be
  due to the soothing effects of a nice neck massage, but I'm a
  believer. The "Pelvic Thing" is based on the notion that movement
  of the pelvic bones will not only relieve lower back pain, but that
  the nerves leading to internal organs will also "unpinch" and
  relieve any number of diseases. (The Hunters do not explain why,
  if pinched nerves discombobulate all the organs, there are many
  paralyzed people whose nerves are completely nonfunctional, and yet
  aside from their paralysis, are cruising along quite nicely with
  no noticeable distress to their innards.) The technique for this
  is more subtle since it does not involve any manipulation. The
  healer places his or her hands on the patient's hips and commands
  the pelvis to rotate and the lower vertebrae to properly align
  themselves.*

  Since this command must be done in a very forceful, authoritative
  manner, it may seem to the uninformed that this is a prime example
  of the power of suggestion at work on an eager subject, but we are
  assured that it's just that God prefers to work through pushy
  people. The meek may inherit the earth, but they'll never make the
  grade as Hunter Healers. The trainees are constantly exhorted to
  speak with AUTHORITY and to COMMAND miracles to happen. I tell you
  one thing, when you see this stuff being demonstrated on the video
  it LOOKS miraculous.

  Growing out arms and legs is pretty powerful stuff, too. This is
  not the crass trick as performed by W. V. Grant, who slowly swings
  a person's outstretched legs to one side to make it look as if one
  of them is really growing. The Hunter's don't claim that one leg
  is actually shorter, only that a misaligned spine or pelvis will
  cause the leg to be held crookedly so it will appear to be shorter.
  The Hunters have the person sit back straight in a chair, legs
  stretched out in front. They grasp the legs at the ankles and note
  by the position of their thumbs if the legs are the same length.
  If there is an apparent difference, they command the shorter limb
  to lengthen, accompanied by helpful hints such as, "I can see it
  moving a little bit now." This reinforces the belief that it's
  miracle time as the patient watches the healer's thumbs come to
  parallel alignment as the legs relax under suggestion and appear
  to grow out.

  The patients tend to want to close their eyes in emotional
  anticipation, but the healers are instructed to tell them, "Open
  your eyes and watch the miracle." After all, the purpose of the
  whole exercise is to get the patients to SEE a miracle (the
  growing of a leg) and so to BELIEVE that another miracle is also
  happening (the curing of an illness). (The healer DOES NOT pull on
  the legs. In the case of arm lengthening, the healer does not even
  touch the outstretched arms to make one of them "grow." It is all
  accomplished by the power of suggestion.)

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  The "Whole Thing" is the application of all the previous, plus
  "slaying in the spirit," a ritual common to all the evangelicals.
  It is done by placing a hand on the person's forehead, calling upon
  God, and watching the person fall over. Simple, but immensely
  impressive. In fact, slaying in the spirit seems to be the one
  thing that impresses people most who look at faith healing,
  especially when hundreds at a time are keeling over. Folks say, "I
  don't know if these people are really being healed or not, but when
  they're being merely touched on the head and they fall right over,
  something must be happening."

  William Jarvis, MD, was interviewed by "20-20" in a segment about
  the Hunters, and he came up with a complex physical explanation in
  which if the neck is held stiffly while the head is pushed back,
  pressure on a nerve can cause temporary blackout. This may be true
  for a mechanic like Peter Popoff, but unfortunately, it doesn't
  explain how a thousand Hunter healers can do the same thing, and
  they don't apply any pressure to the head. They touch lightly as
  they say the "right" words. It seems clear that Randi was closer
  to the mark when he said that people fall over because they know
  they're supposed to fall over, and they're supposed to feel the
  power of the Holy Ghost when the anointed healer touches them on
  the head.**

  Can the power of suggestion really have such profound effects on
  people? We'll soon find out.

  The Hunters are coming to Oakland for the three days of training
  sessions meant to turn out a thousand or more qualified healers.
  I decide to go, and I recruit a colleague who prefers to be
  anonymous. Our purpose: To scout out the terrain, to find out what
  happens in training and take it ourselves if possible, and to try
  to get hold of as many Healing Team badges as we can. (The badges
  will be used by other skeptics as passports to go out on the floor
  next to the "real" healers to see if they can do the same things
  themselves.) If my suppositions are correct, our counterfeit
  Christians will be just as successful knocking folks over and
  getting them to affirm they have been healed.

  Wednesday we go into the first training session (the Hunters
  personally conduct the Wed., Thurs., and Fri. sessions) armed with
  the knowledge that we were supposed to have read all the book, to
  have seen all the video and are to attend all the training sessions
  (two each on Wed. and Thurs. and a last one on Fri., each of which
  lasts about three hours). I assume security will be tight, so I'm
  surprised to walk into the hall to find no one checking IDs or
  taking attendance. It becomes clear that they expect threats of
  heavenly revenge to weed out those who are less than sincere. It's
  also clear that any damn scoundrel who has the time and the
  inclination can become a Hunter faith healer -- and maybe some
  already have. I know at least two more who will.

  We're prepared with cover stories to put on a good act, but with

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  about 1,500 people in attendance, the Hunter's staff has no way of
  verifying who belongs and who doesn't. We settle in to watch the
  live class, and a long show it is, with lots of lively hymn
  singing, prayers, standing up, sitting down and listening to the
  warm-up acts at every session. My favorite acts include the medical
  "experts" who travel with the Hunters to testify to the legitimacy
  of their miracles. The chiropractor who was on the video is there,
  gleefully mixing legitimate information about nerves with stuff no
  medical doctor could confirm. (When I later show that part to an
  MD on one of our teams he laughs out loud.)

  The gist of the pronouncement is that the working of all of our
  innards can be vastly improved by having God straighten our
  spines. Another charmer is the nutritionist who expands on the
  benefits of the Hunter treatment to warn of the dangers of eating
  or drinking virtually anything but distilled water. Most of us
  already know that butter can load us up with potentially harmful
  cholesterol, but this dear lady cues us in that margarine is no
  better, since, as a polyunsaturated oil, it forms a "partial
  plastic" when it gets in our bodies. If you think that's
  nutritious, try chewing on a Baggie.

  Toward the latter portion of each of the training sessions, Charles
  and Frances Hunter come on in person and elaborate on the
  techniques taught in the video and in the book. We also get some
  practice sessions for the trainees to try out the techniques on
  volunteers. At first I figure this will be just a dry run for lack
  of real sick people, but when the Hunters, looking for volunteers,
  ask how many of the would-be healers are themselves in need of
  healing, almost two thirds of the hands go up! It's becoming clear
  that there are reasons other than altruism compelling many of these
  people to learn how to heal others. Lots of these folks have
  serious problems of their own and they must figure that if they do
  God's miracles for other people, maybe, just maybe, God will do a
  miracle on them. Sad. So, for hours on end they lay hands on each
  other, commanding those spines to straighten, arms and legs to
  grow, and imagine they are feeling the power of the Holy Ghost when
  somebody touches them on the head and they fall over into the arms
  of a catcher.

  We're still in the training sessions, and a big part of the show
  is the night we cast out demons. The Hunters call up some pastors
  from the crowd and "slay them with the spirit." Now the pastors
  have the stuff to do it to us. All one thousand-plus of us line the
  walls of the room, half standing in front to receive the spirit,
  half standing behind to catch the slain when they drop. The
  Hunters, their staff and the pastors go to different sections to
  touch people, and in no time at all folks are dropping like flies,
  scores at a time, 'cause they've all seen it before and they all
  know their parts.

  I'm lucky enough to get a good insight into the procedure when
  Frances Hunter's daughter touches the man standing next to me. He
  doesn't go down. She's a bit taken aback. She tells him to hold

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  out his arms and really let the spirit come into him when she
  touches him. He does. He still doesn't go down. Now she looks
  peeved. She tells him to not resist the spirit when she touches and
  to REALLY let himself feel the spirit. She touches once more; He
  wobbles but still does not go down. She glowers at him, and,
  muttering that he needs to pray, leaves him to his disgrace. I'm
  next. She touches me and down I go right away, "YES MA'AM!" I know
  that you gotta go along to get along. So do all the rest of the
  folks as the spirit slays five hundred en masse. Next it's switch
  places, and we get up to catch the other five hundred as the
  anointed healers make a second go-round.

  As we get near the end of the training session, another angle to
  the operation is becoming clearer: the money. Ah yes, the money.
  There's a lot of it to be extracted from an operation of this
  magnitude, but like other aspects of what the Hunters do, this is
  pretty subtle. If one had to buy their videotape, it would cost
  $175, but almost all watch the tape at their own churches, which
  borrow it from the Hunters. The book must be bought, but for five
  bucks, well, it's almost worth it.

  The Hunter's training sessions themselves cost nothing -- yep, free
  of charge. So what's the catch? Well, a collection is taken at each
  of the five training sessions, and if you have ever heard high
  pressure preachers lean on their congregations, you ain't heard
  nothing yet. The Hunters start with the premise that each of us
  trainees is highly motivated to do God's work, and if we show
  enough faith, we will learn how to perform miracles. If we show
  enough faith, we will be cured. If we show enough faith, our loved
  ones will be cured. If we don't show faith in God, how can we
  expect God to show faith in us? How can we best show faith in God
  and in this miracle ministry? We need look no further than our
  wallets.

  Five times we are given this pitch over the three days. On the last
  day we are instructed to take out our wallets and checkbooks and
  hand them to someone we don't know, as a show of faith. We do get
  them back and get to remove the cash ourselves, but it's a
  brilliant ploy because it gets the money physically away from our
  persons, and it gets the suckers to confront whether or not they
  are REALLY sincere about obeying God.

  It occurs to me I've heard this pitch before: the pep-rally
  atmosphere, the elite nature of the inner group and the pressure
  on them to perform, and especially the emphasis on getting more
  new members into the group rather than on getting more new
  patients (or customers). The Hunter Ministry is Amway in drag! If
  you think about it, it makes sense. Not only do you have people on
  your mailing list who show up to be healed, you've got people who
  think you've made them miracle workers and so are much more
  committed to sending in contributions.

  A lot more emphasis is placed on recruiting new healers and
  collecting from them than on bringing in the sick to be healed

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  (and pitched) in the Friday night Healing Explosion. On the
  afternoon before the public show in Oakland, the healers are told
  that their donations have already paid the operating expenses and
  that anything collected from the public is just gravy. Of course,
  the crowd which shows up on Friday night is given no such message
  and is hit hard for donations, but not as hard as the healers
  were. And when the money comes in, only the Hunters know where it
  goes. They refuse a public accounting of their finances.

  In the graduation ceremonies on Friday at 4 p.m., me, my anonymous
  friend and the other 1,000 grads get our final instructions on how
  to act at the 7 p.m. Healing Explosion that night. No attendance
  records have been made at any of the training sessions and none are
  made here, but we fill out cards saying we have read all the books,
  seen all the videos, attended all the classes and that we are true
  believers. We turn in the completed cards to receive coveted little
  red healing team badges in exchange.

  None of the info on the cards is ever confirmed or checked, but
  then we are all treated to a little skit from the Bible. Somebody
  lied to God and God smote him up one side and down the other and
  left him d-e-a-d. We both wait for a lightening bolt but nothing
  happens and we breathe a little easier as we collect our badges. I
  manage to get several ushers' badges for our team so several of us
  will be able to get onto the floor of the arena. We are only able
  to get Healer badges for the two of us who are at the final
  briefing, but that's enough for a try.

  Before the 7 p.m. opening time we go to the Oakland arena and pick
  up other members of our party. Aside from the two certified
  healers, our ushers include Brian McDonald, Wilma Russell, and
  Ivars Lauersons. Ivars is allowed on the floor to take pictures
  freely. None of us knows exactly what will happen, so we all have
  to stick around for nearly three hours of singing and preaching
  before the real healing stuff begins at around ten. They need time
  to pitch for bucks, but the public gets off cheap compared to the
  healers.

  The high -- or low -- point before we get to work is when Charles
  and Frances call all the cancer and AIDS cases down on the floor
  for a mass laying-on of hands. The Dynamic Duo goes down the rows
  of people and knocks 'em over. Now the rest of the five thousand
  folks can see what is expected of them when one of us lesser
  healers gets to them. There are quite a few people who get up out
  of wheelchairs when they are touched, to the delirious rejoicing
  of the throng. The crowd's enthusiasm is undiminished when those
  same folks, after walking a few steps, get back into their
  wheelchairs and are wheeled away.

  Finally, our turn comes. The Hunters call the healing teams down
  to the floor. The people seeking healing are sent down there with
  little cards listing their names and ailments. We're supposed to
  grab someone with a card and go to work. You bet we're nervous.
  Will we be spotted as fakes? When we touch people's heads, will

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  they feel nothing and refuse to fall? Will they go away feeling
  unhealed?

  Our first customer is a young woman with head and backaches.
  Despite my nervousness, I try hard to turn on the charm and pile
  on as much bedside manner as is practical in this madhouse packed
  with 5,000 people. I command her vertebrae to straighten out and
  her back pain to end. Not much happens. Are we on the right track
  here? The training book says if one thing doesn't work, try
  another. We move on to the Neck Thing, with my voice alternately
  soothing and commanding -- then I touch her forehead and command
  a healing. Over she goes into the arms of our ushers! When she gets
  up again she's smiling. The pain in her head and neck are gone, she
  says. We sit her down in a chair and grow out her short leg as she
  watches. Her muscles relax and she stares wide-eyed as her leg
  seems to grow longer by itself. That gets her but not as much as
  when she stands up, and to her surprise and ours, finds that the
  pain in her lower back has disappeared and we send her on her way,
  smiling and incredulous.

  As we look around we can see the same scene being enacted all
  around us. Some seem dramatically better, others less so. The next
  woman who comes to us has already had her arms lengthened by
  somebody else there, but she's still feeling pain, so she's gone
  looking for a second opinion and has come to us. We do the Neck
  Thing, then a slight touch on the head sends her to the carpet, and
  she stays down for a full minute, dead to the world. When she
  finally gets up I put my hands on her hips for the Pelvic Thing and
  talk her lower spine and pelvis into place. After about a minute
  of this, her hips start swiveling from side to side, much to her
  surprise. She says, "I'm not doing it!" I say, "I'M not doing it
  either," and take my hands away to prove it. Her hips keep
  swiveling, apparently all by themselves, and when they stop she
  reports her discomfort has lessened if not disappeared. She goes
  away all smiles and we search around for another client.

  The pickings are gettin' kind of slim because just about everybody
  has already been worked on now, and the healers are casting about
  for any warm bodies. Some of the healees are dissatisfied with
  their first treatment, but the nice thing about this setup is that
  a second opinion is only a few steps away. My better judgment
  deserts me (if that's possible, considering that I got myself into
  this whole thing in the first place) and I approach a morose-
  looking woman whose card states that her problem is mental illness
  and depression. Trouble! If anybody is unlikely to respond to
  placebo and a few minutes of kind words, this lady is it. But we
  try like hell to comfort her because we don't want to send her away
  depressed. She falls over with a touch like all the rest, but when
  she gets up she's just as sad as ever. In desperation I call over
  a supervisor, a true believer, in hopes that she will have at least
  more finely developed personal skills, plus I don't want it said
  that this woman failed to respond because a real true believer
  didn't work on her.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  It's getting late now; the rest of the evening is spent assisting
  the supervisor, who has no more luck with the woman than we did,
  but we at least gave her the benefit of everything the Hunter's
  claim they offer. As we look around the auditorium, some folks are
  going out smiling, others are still looking around for another,
  more successful treatment. At two for three, we have done pretty
  well, but I want a larger sampling to see if we are for real.

  The Hunters won't return to the area for several months, when they
  will be in Sacramento. Now we are able to make more extensive
  plans. I call up Joe Morrow, who puts me in touch with several
  folks from the Sacramento group, including Robert Lee, Saul
  Silverman and others. From the Bay Area, we have Ivars Lauersons
  and Brian McDonald again, along with Wally Sampson and Tom Gibson.
  By this time I have a video of the Hunter's pitch and our Oakland
  effort, so on the night of the Hunter's Sacramento rally we can
  hunker down at Robert's house for a detailed briefing. In essence,
  30 hours of official Hunter training is compressed into a one-hour
  crash course, the Official Henvick "No-Fail-How-To-Succeed-in-
  Faith-Healing-Without-Really-Trying" Seminar. (The title is longer
  than the course.) Since we now know the schedule, we can get there
  just before 10 pm in time for our gig and not have to sweat through
  the whole tedious show. It's nice to know what you're doing ONCE
  in a while.

  Anyway, we decide on jobs, and I hand out the appropriate badges.
  Those who got the badges that afternoon aren't necessarily the ones
  who will be wearing them tonight, but what the Hunters don't know
  won't hurt them.

  We get there just as the Hunters are teaching the audience in how
  to speak in tongues. Oh, you thought speaking in tongues was
  something that just happened to folks? That they got delirious or
  God touched them and they just started babbling? Oh gracious, no.
  The Hunters claim that people have to PRACTICE babbling BEFORE God
  touches them, so when the big moment arrives they won't embarrass
  themselves by mumbling their babbles. So we all spend a few minutes
  enunciating our gibberish. Hey, when in Rome. . . .

  The healing teams are called down to the floor and we go through
  the same routine, except now we have Wally, Brian, Robert and I
  taking turns doing the healing, plus ushers, two video cameras and
  one still camera to record it all. The faces are different but the
  results are pretty much the same. People come up to us with various
  ailments and respond to what they believe is the power of God
  working through us. Without exception they fall over when touched
  on the head. Some of the dozen or so people we get to are
  dramatically better, a couple even shedding tears of joy when we've
  finished treating them. In fact, our brand new counterfeit
  Christians seem to be getting even better results than I am
  tonight. Beginner's luck.

  We don't have any obvious failures tonight and everybody seems to
  go away glad. I'm too busy to notice if any of our customers

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  wander off in search of a second opinion, but we do get some folks
  who have been to true believers, and have come over to us for a
  better deal. People are urged to go up to the stage to testify to
  their miracles and encourage those who are not doing so well.
  Charles makes sure that only the really enthusiastic get up to
  speak. We could send up one or two of our patients but we're busy
  trying to heal as many people as possible. We also don't have the
  people or the time to follow up on those who do testify to see if
  their miracles last. Experience suggests they won't, and most of
  the "cured" people will find their ailments have returned; but
  we'll have to leave those aspects of the investigation to other
  groups of skeptics.

  All of our healers, despite a thorough briefing, are amazed at the
  power they are able to exert over people. Our little red badges are
  like the doctor's white coat, only more so, because these people
  believe we are using the infallible power of God to heal, not just
  several years of medical training. At no point does anybody suggest
  that we are any different from the other thousand people on the
  arena floor, doing what the Hunters call miracles. Our results
  compare very favorably with theirs as arms and legs grow out,
  spines straighten and pain vanishes with the laying on of our
  hands. It's been an exhilarating and yet sobering experience for
  us to see how easily people can be manipulated. Our experiment has
  been successful: Our healers, contrary to the Hunters' claims, can
  perform apparent miracles just as well as the true believers.

  Out of respect for the people we worked on, we'll never let them
  know that we are not true believers. If they realized any benefits
  from our treatments we won't jeopardize that by disillusioning
  them. But there is no basis for the faith healers' claims that
  their "miracles" are the results of supernatural, divine
  intervention or that God works only through believers.

  So what have we accomplished? We certainly haven't done anything
  that will discourage the true believers. Maybe others will repeat
  and expand this investigation, and this information will get to the
  undecided, people who go to the healers out of curiosity, think
  they see miracles, and contribute to the miracle workers.

  Yeah, we're controversial, but we haven't hurt anybody and we might
  have helped some people out there who will better understand the
  facts behind the Happy Hunters' Healing Explosion.

  (FLASH!! As of this writing, the Hunters have sent a fund-raising
  letter saying: ". . . we need $100,000 or more just to be in the
  black because of Frances having been sick. . . .")

  Physician, heal thyself.

  ----------
  *The Hunters have taken careful precautions here. Healers are
  instructed to COMMAND healing, not manipulate pelvises. Rotating
  a pelvis could result in serious injury if the client has a valid

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  medical condition. The Hunters reiterate through all of the
  sessions that they aren't doctors and that they are not practicing
  medicine; they urge people to continue seeing their doctors and to
  follow his or her orders and continue with prescribed medication.
  The Hunters had a mistake in which an elderly woman was spirit
  slain and there was no one to catch her as she went down. The
  spirit was apparently unable to correct the damage, so the lady
  decided her attorney would be more help than Charles -- she sued.

  **There is always a danger in explaining something about which one
  knows little. Magicians -- and certainly psychics -- have many
  different ways of doing something, and as soon as we explain one
  way (or the wrong way!), a procedural change puts egg on the face
  of the skeptic and turns an uncommitted observer into a believer.
  Uri Geller still crows about the absurdity of an explanation that
  he has a miniature receiver in his tooth, and absurd it is. If we
  aren't sure how something is done, there is certainly no need to
  accept the burden of proof by trying to explain it.


  MORE FOLLY

  In July we will resume publication of "Degrees of Folly," Bill
  Bennetta's serialized article about the Institute for Creation
  Research and the State Department of Education. Along with new
  information about the Department's cover-up, Part V will include
  a consideration of this question: Was Roy Steeves acting on his own
  initiative when he named imposers to the committee that would
  examine the ICR, and when he let the legitimate members of the
  committee think that they were taking part in a legitimate
  proceeding? Or was he acting on orders from higher officers of the
  Department?


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  BAS ADVISORS


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Lowell D. Streiker, Ph.D., Anthropology, Religion
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


  STEINHART AQUARIUM TOUR

  This privileged tour takes you behind and above the tanks of the
  aquarium to view the animals up close (we will be with the seals
  and dolphins at feeding time), to the saltwater filtration area,
  and the pathology lab.

  Make your check payable to "Bay Area Skeptics -- Steinhart tour"
  for $10 per person, and send it to the BAS address. A ticket will
  be sent you by return mail. DON'T FORGET IT! Because of space
  limitations, only about 32 people can be accommodated: first come,
  first served! Should there be an over-subscription, you will be
  offered an alternate date or a refund by return mail.

  Wear comfortable, non-slip shoes. Because this special tour
  includes work areas, seven or eight years is the minimum age if you
  want to bring children.

  We are especially indebted to BAS advisor Dr. John McCosker,
  director of the aquarium, and his staff for providing us with this
  special opportunity.


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the June, 1989 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1989 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:59]
