{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T14:38:23Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 65537, "source_ctime_ns": 1790347093661874762, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-11.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790347093659006649, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1988-11.pdf", "source_sha256": "eebb9132dd52a9106174e3c79f16b97dfc3ac55d657d9c8233c5ce397dc64ec1"}

----------------------------------------------------------
  November 1988 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ----------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 7, No. 11
              Editor: Kent Harker


  KNOCK WOOD
  by Paul Chance

  This article first appeared in "Psychology Today" and is used with
  permission. Thanks to BAS director John Lattanzio for sending it to
  "BASIS."

  Years ago I had a fountain pen that I always used for important things
  such as taking tests and filling out job applications. It was my lucky
  pen. It didn't have all the right answers, but with it I thought I
  could present my ignorance in the most favorable light. I was
  superstitious in those days, but I have reformed. I gave up all my
  superstitions, thanks largely to the work of psychologists, who showed
  me how foolish I was. B. F. Skinner did what was probably the first
  superstition experiment. He had shown earlier that with few grains of
  seed, you can get a pigeon to do nearly anything you want. You merely
  wait for the desired response, or a reasonable approximation of it,
  and then provide some food. Each time you do this, the rewarded
  response becomes stronger.

  But Skinner wondered about the effect of offering food regularly
  regardless of what the bird did. One day he put a pigeon into a cage
  and provided grain every 15 seconds. The bird didn't have to lift a
  feather to earn these meals, but after awhile it began behaving oddly
  -- it started turning in counterclockwise circles. Most other birds
  treated in this way also acquired unnecessary habits. One stretched
  its neck toward a corner; another made brushing movements toward the
  floor; a third repeatedly bobbed its head up and down, as if dancing
  to some imaginary drumbeat.

  Now, none of this activity had any effect; the food arrived every 15
  seconds no matter what. Yet the birds behaved as if their actions made
  the food appear. They had become "superstitions," but why?

  Skinner's explanation was quite simple. The first time food arrived,
  the bird had to be doing SOMETHING. If the bird happened to be bobbing
  its head up and down, then that response was strengthened. This meant
  that the next time food arrived, the bird was likely to be bobbing its
  head. The second appearance of food further strengthened head-bobbing,
  and the cycle continued.

  Thus, argued Skinner, superstitious behavior is the product of
  coincidental reward.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  There is evidence that coincidental reward plays a role in human
  superstition. In one study, researchers asked high school students to
  press one or more telegraph keys. If they pressed the third key from
  the left, a bell would sound, a light would go on and they would earn
  a nickel. However, the students made money only if they pressed the
  key a second time after a short interval. If they simply did nothing
  for a few seconds and then pressed key 3 again, they would be
  rewarded. But they didn't know that, so they spent the interval
  pressing keys. Eventually the delay period would end, the student
  would again press key 3, the bell would ring and the light would
  flash. Key presses that occurred during the delay were strengthened
  through coincidental reward.

  The result was that each student worked out a pattern of key presses,
  such as 1-1-2-2-3-3 or 4-3-2-1-2-3, and stuck with it. None of this
  behavior, except pressing key 3, had any effect. But the students were
  convinced they had worked out the essential combination of key
  strokes.

  Indeed, society is more dedicated to noting evidence in favor of
  superstition than it is to observing contrary evidence.

  Although superstition no doubt owes much to coincidental reward, some
  psychologists insist there is more to the story. If a boy finds a
  four-leaf clover and shortly afterward trips over a dollar, he may
  well believe that such clovers are lucky. But it is unlikely that the
  coincidental appearance of four-leaf clovers and dollars accounts for
  the popularity of this superstition. However, a boy may hear adults
  praise the four-leaf clover's power. If the boy finds a four-leaf
  clover and something lucky happens to him a week later, the adult will
  undoubtedly say, "See, that's because of that four-leaf clover you
  found." If the boy finds another four-leaf clover and nothing good
  happens to him until puberty, no one points to the clovers' failure.

  Society is more dedicated to noting evidence in favor of superstition
  than it is to observing contrary evidence. This prejudice goes a long
  way toward explaining our superstitious nature. When the survivors of
  a plane crash are interviewed, some of them inevitably insist that
  they were saved by prayer. The chances are good that some who did not
  survive also prayed for all they were worth, but they are unable to
  testify about the value of the procedure. Arguing that evidence for
  superstitions is biased is unlikely to impress believers, who will
  point to someone who should have died six or seven times in a
  motorcycle accident but was saved by a good-luck charm to endure the
  ecstasy of life in a coma. Skeptics might reason that if the charm
  were going to the trouble of making a miracle, it might have done a
  better job. But that logic won't disturb the faithful.

  Of course, some superstitions probably have a measure of practicality.
  In the days of wooden ships and iron men, sailors believed that having
  a woman on board was bad luck. It doesn't take much imagination to
  find some sense in the idea that the combination of one woman and 30
  or 40 men, isolated at sea for months on end, could prove volatile.
  Similarly, in some primitive societies hunters engage in a ritual bath

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  before stalking their prey to make themselves pure in spirit. The bath
  also may make them harder to detect, thus improving their chances of
  success.

  True superstitions are activities that have no effects on events but
  exist because of coincidental rewards and society's prejudices. Of
  course, I no longer have any superstitions. After I learned from my
  fellow psychologists how foolish superstitions are, I shed them all. A
  black cat does nothing to me now, nor does a broken mirror. There are
  no little plastic icons on the dashboard of my car, and I carry no
  rabbit's foot. I am free of all such nonsense, and I'm happy to report
  no ill effects -- knock wood.


  THE "TRANSFORMATION" OF WHITLEY STRIEBER
  by Robert Sheaffer

  On September 21, 1988, viewers of the popular daytime television show
  "People Are Talking" on KPIX, Channel 5, in San Francisco saw an
  amazing thing. Whitley Strieber, author of such popular works of
  fiction as "The Wolfen", and "The Hunger", as well as the best-selling
  and supposedly true accounts of humanoid visitation in "Communion" and
  "Transformation", indignantly refused to let the hosts of the show do
  any promotion of his latest book! No doubt the viewers of that show
  are still scratching their heads about such inexplicable behavior on
  the part of a guest doing a book promotion tour. As the other guest on
  that show, the one who was all but ignored by the hosts, let me
  explain why that strange scene happened.

  Forty-five minutes before air time, I arrived at the studio and was
  escorted to the Green Room, where guests are groomed and prepared.
  There I came upon Whitley Strieber in the midst of a world-class
  temper tantrum. He was indignantly refusing to go on! He apparently
  expected to be the only guest, and to have an entire hour to expound
  his unchallenged and unquestioned fantasies about the humanoid
  "visitors" who are said to be lavishing their unwanted attention on
  him. I later found out that while he had left instructions with those
  arranging the tour that under no circumstances would he appear on any
  show with Philip Klass, he had not ruled out -- at least to them --
  appearing with some other skeptic. The producer of "People Are
  Talking," Karen Stevenson, a young woman of great firmness and tact,
  was sitting there quietly enduring Whitley's verbal assaults. "I don't
  know who this man is," complained Streiber, "and I don't know what he
  will say!" Apparently he expects all opposing opinions to be cleared
  in advance. Karen firmly repeated that she had made all arrangements
  with his publisher and his publicist, in accordance with their
  instructions, and they had raised no objections. The young woman
  representing his publicist sat there quietly and somewhat nervously,
  obviously wishing she were somewhere else.

  He continued his tirade. Pointing to me, he shouted, "That man is
  going to go on and challenge my mental health. He's going to call me
  crazy! He's with that CSICOP, they are just as nuts as those new-

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  agers. They have a religion of disbelief."

  In this outburst against skeptics, who he says are in the habit of
  calling anyone who disagrees with them crazy, Strieber called us
  "nuts" or "crazy" three times. I pointed out the irony of this, but it
  was clear from the reaction of all involved that the best thing I
  could say was nothing. I kept silent for a while, enabling him to
  resume his tirade. He had received long letters from Philip Klass of
  CSICOP, he said, that were "crazy," and made no sense at all. He also
  charged that the hosts of the show were bound to misrepresent his
  experiences by saying that they are alien visitors, while he has never
  claimed to know whether or not "the visitors" are extraterrestrial.
  Those people who claim alien encounters are just as crazy as CSICOP,
  he charged.

  Streiber also claimed to be upset about the previous time he was on
  the show. Karen recalled that it had gone very well, but Strieber
  insisted it was a "stupid" show. She suggested that he was perhaps
  confusing it with a show in some other city called "People Are
  Talking," of which there are several. No, he insisted, he recalled
  perfectly. The audience at this show was stupid and they asked stupid
  questions, and they accused him of being crazy. "I don't need your
  show," he continued, "your stupid show! My book ["Transformation"] is
  number four on the Best-Seller list. I don't need to do these shows!
  I'm getting so fed up with going on shows and having everyone laugh at
  me!"

  Karen emphasized that a live show would be starting very soon, on
  which he had agreed to appear, and that he must meet his commitments.
  But Whitley still refused to go out and appear or debate with me. "Let
  him go on first. I'll just do the final segment. And DON'T mention my
  book! I don't want you to mention my book at all if he is going to be
  criticizing it!" Karen once again reaffirmed that he had made a
  commitment. Then Strieber must have realized that he couldn't win this
  battle. He gradually decreased his level of objection, and the bluster
  slowly faded as it became clear that he was not going to be able to
  keep me off the show. "All right," said Whitley, "I will go on -- but
  I WON'T LIKE IT!" The magnitude of that threat stunned all who were
  present. "And I'll never come back!"

  We then broke for makeup. The assistant director of the show, Lisa
  Tatum, had arrived in the doorway of the Green Room a little earlier,
  standing there silently in obvious bewilderment. Karen excused herself
  to go talk to the hosts of the show. The makeup man, who had been
  listening to all this from the adjoining room, expressed astonishment
  to me about Whitley's behavior as he applied a light coat of powder to
  my face. Returning to the Green Room, in the few minutes remaining
  before air time, I attempted to engage Whitley in a substantive
  discussion to disarm his hostility. I succeeded to a small extent. He
  objected mightily to CSICOP and everything it stands for, displaying
  an extreme hostility to science as well. To him, both CSICOP and the
  "new agers" are "fascists," because they both seek to break down the
  individual.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  We went on stage then, got our microphones on, and waited for the show
  to begin. Whitley said nothing, and still refused to allow the hosts
  to mention the name or to show the cover of the book he came to
  promote. We came on camera, and as I expected, the early minutes of
  the show were entirely his, to tell his stories of things that go bump
  in the night, things that allegedly come into his bedroom, carry him
  up somewhere into the sky, and poke needles into his skull and nose to
  implant probes. He neglected to describe, at least on the air, how the
  beings allegedly inserted a long, cylindrical probe up his rectum, or
  how the female humanoid was very interested in his penis, as was
  recounted in "Communion". The situation must have seemed at least a
  little odd to the viewers: here is a guest with many weird tales to
  tell, but apparently without any book in which it is told.

  I expected to be given a similar amount of time to question the
  plausibility and substance of such claims, but I had only the briefest
  opportunity to respond. The two hosts then took the show to the
  audience for questions -- previewed by them -- all of which except one
  were directed to Strieber. It became clear that I was never going to
  get the time to speak I was expecting. I tried interrupting a few
  times, but after speaking only a few words, the hosts moved on to
  something else. Clearly, some kind of arrangement had been made,
  keeping my time to the absolute minimum, probably because they feared
  that Strieber might walk off the set. One questioner asked if Strieber
  had attempted to trap or photograph the visitors. Indeed he had, he
  replied, using video cameras, still cameras, and other devices.
  Unfortunately, something always goes wrong with the attempt, such as
  the camera batteries going dead; "the visitors" seem to possess the
  ability to thwart all attempts to document their presence. I was
  dumbfounded by a question directed to me by co-host Ross McGowen as he
  worked the audience: "You DO believe that men have landed on the moon,
  don't you?" Apparently Whitley had succeeded in selling, at least to
  the show's staff, his notion that to question his visions of "the
  visitors" was as perversely blind as those who insist that the space
  program is a fraud! I responded that 99.9 percent of the scientific
  community do not accept accounts of the kind Strieber relates.

  During the commercial break before one of the final segments, Karen
  dashed out on the set to ask Strieber if he wanted his book to be
  "promo-ed." "NO!" he flatly replied. I said that I would like to have
  MY book, "The UFO Verdict", "promoed." Whitley said, still annoyed,
  "Yes, promo HIS book!" This was done, briefly. In the final fifteen
  seconds of the show, Ross asked Strieber from across the room if he
  wanted to mention his book. "NO!" he snarled, then paused, and
  sheepishly muttered, "it's `Transformation'." Within seconds of going
  off the air, he had left the studio. The Prima Donna was still
  furious.

  In the final analysis, Strieber's visions of "the visitors"
  undoubtedly have more to do with religion and psychology than they do
  with anything extraterrestrial. Strieber is far from the first person
  in history to experience visions of bizarre beings, and then become
  transformed into a tireless evangelist seeking to convince the world
  that they are real. Many religions were founded in precisely this

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  manner; indeed, the very titles he has chosen for these books about
  "the visitors" places them firmly in the realm of religion. There
  seems little room for doubt that Strieber firmly believes what he is
  saying. There is also not the slightest bit of physical evidence that
  any of it is true. But truth has never been a necessary element for
  making a nonfiction book a success, as we see from the 1987 success of
  "Communion" as a #1 Best-Seller, and "Transformation" now seems headed
  toward similar success. As skeptics, this will not surprise us, but as
  citizens concerned about the future of education and rational thought,
  it gives us reasons for grave concern.


  SNAKE OIL STILL HERE
  by Patricia Hammond

  It is not difficult to understand why quackery has such lasting
  appeal, but in this age of modern medical miracles, it is not easy to
  understand why quackery is on the rise. It may be that packaging and
  promotion are all there is to it because the public is so much more
  health conscious, and modern quacks are more adept at packaging and
  promotion.

  This recent increase in quack appeal is exacting an enormous cost: the
  latest government estimates show that Americans spend a small fortune
  in dollars (billions lost on useless tests and treatments) and in
  medical consequences (failure to get needed therapy when it can be the
  most effective). The sheer number of us using these questionable
  health-care methods is alarming: Harris poll figures reveal that 26
  percent have used one or more fringe nostrums. Most of the cases
  involve areas of health care most prone to quackery -- cancer,
  arthritis, etc.

  Not surprisingly, about a third of those using alternate methods
  reported significant improvement -- findings consistent with the
  placebo effect in which approximately one third of all medical
  conditions are improved irrespective of the treatment. Especially
  effective in these cases are factors such as the patient's belief in
  his or her doctor. Study after study has confirmed that about sixty
  percent of the complaints we bring to physicians are at least partly
  based on emotional features.

  "But what about modern medicine?" critics of the anti-quackery
  campaign cry. There are certain types of surgery that have never
  undergone careful scientific testing for effectiveness before they are
  used, and some scientific procedures are so much more costly and
  potentially more dangerous than techniques labeled fraud.

  The difference is that a medical procedure administered under
  established scientific guidelines will be quickly abandoned when found
  to be ineffective; examples are as many as one can imagine. Quackery,
  on the other hand, is never wont to let go of a gimmick no matter how
  often it has been proven empty. Frauds never give up. It is almost
  axiomatic that the older the nostrum the more revered it is likely to

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  be regarded.

  Quackery plays upon our ignorance; it is ever ready to pounce upon the
  latest rage. Radiation and pollution evoke mindless terror in our
  chests. Stresses of modern society provide the pickings for vultures
  out to flatten our wallets. Who among us doesn't suffer fatigue,
  anxiety, back pains, sleeplessness, and the whole salad bowl of
  symptoms all assignable to the stress monster? The purveyor of perfect
  health is there at the counter to offer a pill to swallow or a
  poultice to swaddle our troubles.

  Is there help? Is there hope? Yes, but it doesn't have the tantalizing
  allure of the local duck. The corner quack offers hope -- even
  certainty. The corner pharmacist offers strong stuff with often
  powerful side effects and no miracles.

  If you want information, subscribe to the National Council Against
  Health Fraud (NCAHF) newsletter, ($15 per year) Box 1276, Loma Linda,
  CA 92354, or check out "The Health Robbers," by Dr. Stephen Barrett
  and "Health Quackery" by the editors of "Consumer Reports".

  (Mrs. Hammond is a concerned and cautious mother who follows the
  health scene carefully through the trials of four children.)


  TAHOE TESSIE

  We Californians feel slighted when we are not in the thick of most
  newsworthy droppings. The Northwest has its Sasquatch, the Hymalayas
  have their Yeti, and Scotland has her Nessie. We cannot stand the
  deprivation of the best cryptozology has to offer.

  Well, consider a list of famous California lakes, select those that
  are very deep -- especially if volcanic in origin, apply another
  filter to select those in a high tourist trade area and what do you
  have? More tourist trade. At least that seems to be the motive of Lake
  Tahoe promoter Bob McCormick, who in 1984 helped establish a "USO
  Hotline" -- Unidentified Swimming Objects -- to help track the 17-
  foot, humpbacked creature reported cruising the lake.

  "Something's out there in the lake. There's no question about that,"
  said one venerable Tahoe resident in an interview with a reporter from
  "IMAGE" magazine.

  Some of the locals "on the inside" leaked revelations that "the South
  Tahoe Marketing Council has locked up motion picture footage of the
  thing and refused to show it because South Shore tourism czars don't
  want their lucrative lake associated with something large and scaly."
  Maybe the same kind of fear is why visitors have been staying away in
  droves from Loch Ness all these years.

  What are the real wonders of the "bottomless" Lake Tahoe? Well, for
  starters, it is a wonder that the bottomless stuff persists more than

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  100 years after the measurement at the deepest point was made (1,645
  feet) -- "with a champagne bottle lowered on a fishing line." The lake
  is alleged to have its bottomless bottom littered with corpses and the
  wrecks of many boats and airplanes. True, the 40 degree water is
  unforgiving to those unfortunate souls who tumble in, and corpses have
  a way of not crawling off the bottom, to be a little macabre.

  All this just goes to prove that the Golden State is not to be outdone
  by anyone or anything. From the Napa institute holding Charlie Manson
  to Hollywood, we got it all, folks.


  THE END -- MAYBE

  How does it feel to live in the rapture? It was to start on September
  12 if former NASA rocket engineer Edgar Whisenant is right. Jesus was
  supposed to "catch up" the faithful into heaven prior to the Second
  Coming, according to a complex set of numerological predictions
  Whisenant wove together from the Bible.

  The Scriptures through the eyes of Whisenant reveal that the world-
  wide, escatological incident had to occur at the onset of this year's
  Rosh Hashana, the Jewish New Year, because this year it is four 30-day
  months after the 40th anniversary of the founding of the state of
  Israel. It remained to the prophetic vision of Whisenant to see the
  great significance in this.

  Many of the faithful in fundamentalist Christendom prepared themselves
  to be taken from the earth to be spared the seven-year tribulation
  during which the unsaved bear the stripes of the Lord's vengeance.

  The booklet, "88 Reasons Why the Rapture Will Be in '88", is published
  and distributed by the "On Borrowed Time" organization in Santa Rosa,
  CA. They say that 6.5 million copies have been sold or given away. As
  the sun rose Tuesday morning, the phone didn't stop ringing at the
  headquarters. Stephen Brodt, an organization spokesman said by
  telephone that the latest indications were that sunset in Jerusalem
  was the likely time for the calling. "It's very serious," he said to
  his caller. "You may call back, but I doubt we will be here in six
  hours."

  The faithful soon began to realize that the Bible had not been talking
  about Jerusalem after all at the close of the day on the 12th, and
  that "the Lord is dealing with the United States now; He's looking at
  United-States time," said Jerry McLamb, a dedicated follower from
  North Carolina.

  As we unwashed looked in at this spectacle, wondering how the zanies
  would wipe the egg of their faces, someone called the On Borrowed Time
  headquarters to report he had seen the face of Jesus in a TV picture
  of hurricane Gilbert on CNN -- it was clearly discernible. Sure
  enough, the pious all over the place confirmed the reality when word
  got around. Jesus hadn't disappointed the flock after all.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  A call to the McLamb residence on Wednesday by some secular reporters
  found that he had gone to work at his auto repair shop. There was some
  muffled gibberish about a solar eclipse in Jerusalem that had delayed
  the whole affair, and McLamb assured the doubters that "It makes no
  difference if Whisenant's calculations were in error. I will be
  looking for it to happen any time."

  If the rapture did occur, and you didn't notice your fundamentalist
  Christian friends riding their chariots to heaven, it may only mean
  that they were not faithful enough.

  Edgar Whisenant himself is unavailable for comment.


  RAMPARTS

  (Ramparts is a regular feature of "BASIS," and your participation is
  urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your local scene
  and send them to the Editor. If you want to add some comment with the
  submission, please do so.)

  A recent "S. F. Chron" article proves that negative publicity is
  better than the best Madison Avenue can muster.

  A French doctor, Marcel Diennet, invented a diet pill with a new
  wrinkle: they are "herbal." That's sure to catch the health-conscious
  tubby by the eye, especially since you don't have to sweat or shun
  some of the things you love except alcohol and sweets (what else is
  left?).

  So what's the negative? Eh bien, the FDA found some potentially
  harmful prescription drugs in the concoction, and have banned sale of
  the product in the US. But that only increased the orders, and, at
  $430 for a three-month's supply, you might wonder if you are in the
  wrong business. And business is brisk -- about 2,000 calls a day.

  Why do people buy the product? It has been "an incredible fad" among
  the Beverly Hills clientele. They say it works. Analyses show the
  active agents are appetite suppressants, sedatives, and anti-anxiety
  potions.

  But if the stuff is herbal it has to be good. Isn't the paralysis-
  inducing drug curare derived from an herb?

                     **************

  Scanning some of the new titles just out, the pace-setting New-Age
  bandwagon has attracted the likes of what we would hope to have been
  otherwise sane people. Stanford engineer Willis Harman has just
  published two tomes, "Global Mind Change, Insight Into the New Age:
  Scientific Inquiry Into Higher Consciousness," and "Insight Into the
  New Age: A Guide to Unlocking Your Human Potential."

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  True to the beleaguered cry of "foul" at the perceived persecutors of
  a new paradigm, Harman recalls the calumny suffered by Great Thinkers
  of the past, Copernicus, and, oh, you know all the rest of those in
  the "avant garde" who finally turned us around.

  The "Chron" quotes Harmon saying, "Yet the `knowledge basis' of
  science is `seriously incomplete and has mistakes in its basic
  assumptions.'" According to him, science ignores a "fundamental factor
  . . . that of human consciousness . . . together with the unconscious,
  the vast, uncharted realm that harbors intuition, the intellect,
  instincts, and our spiritual yearnings." If this constitutes Harmon's
  explanation of how science is incomplete and where the mistakes are in
  its basic assumptions, Harmon needs to reevaluate his basic education.

  Harmon further suggests that the real world "out there somewhere is
  simply a collective invention created by science that we all have been
  conditioned to believe."

  It is one thing for an untutored public to believe that science is
  incomplete and deficient because it does not cover everything -- it is
  a sadder comment on the state of would-be scientists who cannot seem
  to understand that some areas of living do not fall within the venue
  of science. This goes to show what happens when an engineer jumps into
  psychology and thinks his or her training will serve well.

  Harmon's books are characterized as "a floodlight for science's blind
  spot." The activity of science takes place in laboratories. Harmon has
  his floodlight on out in the parking lot at noon on Sunday.

                      **************

  Another unlikely candidate for New Ageism, Barbara Brennan, looking
  very much unlike the NASA atmospheric physicist that she is, folded
  her bangle-decked hands under her chin as a beautiful, sparkling smile
  graced her striking visage. She glowed as she described her just-
  published book, "Hands of Light", a workbook for psychic healers. The
  book begins with "an introduction to chakras, auras and energy fields
  and the scientific evidence [she] has collected to prove that laying
  on of hands and `spiritual surgery' work."

  For those who have studied some physics, it is a mystery how Brennan
  can speak about "energy fields right into internal organs" (she sees
  auras around her fingers). Since we are able to measure forces that
  act in the range of 10 to the minus 28th meters it is surprising that
  we can't seem to detect this "energy" allegedly surrounding our organs
  with the most sophisticated instruments while Ms. Brennan "sees" it
  with her naked eye.

  Well, perhaps Brennan's own bio give us hope that there is some
  explanation for her lapses. As is often the case, when an expert in
  one area slips off the boat into strange waters, she thinks she knows
  how to swim. Brennan left NASA twenty years ago to have a baby. When
  she began meditating she experienced "these funny visions."


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  Instead of going into therapy, she began practicing it. (It is said
  that the best way to learn something is to teach it!) She could see
  colors surrounding people's heads and she soon learned to correlate
  people's problems with these colors. Formal study was now in order --
  but those stuffy science classes, where researchers won't buy
  something unless it is properly demonstrated, were eschewed. No,
  Barbara Ann opted for the "Institute for Psychophysical Synthesis and
  the Core Energetic Process." After establishing her own practice, she
  published her book herself, charging $50 apiece. She recovered her
  investment in four months and then Bantam Books came along. You can
  get the book anyplace, now.

  (We are indebted to BAS Secretary Rick Moen for the wire news reports
  on these books.)

                    ****************

  Flash! Flash! Lotto losers! Now, at last, we are going to let you know
  why you lose, thanks to John Taube's alert eye on the "Chron".

  Part of your problem has been that you thought this whole thing is
  subject to mere chance and that you have only about a one in 40
  million shot. Not so. Even if you promised God you would be eternally
  grateful if He let you win.

  According to Zen masters, "your mind was consumed with an impure
  thought -- consumed, that is to say, with `komonbabi', or gambling
  lust." And "you will never win until you transcend your `komonbabi'."
  Here's how it works. "The clerk adversely reacts to your `karma' as he
  summons your Quick Pick numbers on the Lotto machine. The Lotto
  machine, resonating to his negatively charged fingertips, spews out
  six impure -- losing -- numbers."

  "BASIS" has a solution. Purge all that nasty greed clogging up your
  soul by meditating, chanting and sending $100 per month to THE EDITOR
  (address is on the front -- do not send to the main BAS address). It
  will probably take about nine months before your system is entirely
  clean. The final test of your innocence comes when you peddle up to
  the nearest Seven-Eleven store to get the winning ticket. If your
  temples are pounding as you put your dollar on the counter you've a
  way to go. Even after overcoming that and sweaty palms, the ultimate
  test comes when you put the ticket in the mail to "BASIS, THE EDITOR."
  If you have palpitations and nausea, your "chakras" are telling you
  victory is not yet yours.


  Dear KPIX:

  BAS co-founder Robert Sheaffer is well known and respected in the Bay
  Area for his UFO knowledge. He has appeared on many radio and
  television programs when "another viewpoint" is needed. When Whitley
  Strieber was on a west-coast promotional tour for his latest book,
  "Transformation", KPIX channel 5 in San Francisco had him booked, so


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  they called on Robert to balance the scheduled one-hour program. I
  taped the show so I could watch Sheaffer disassemble Streiber. Imagine
  my surprise and great disappointment when, of the entire hour, Robert
  had a grand total of three minutes 15 seconds! Half of that was
  because he forced in a sentence here and there, mostly there. Robert's
  article on page 2 tells what happened behind the cameras. I wrote to
  KPIX in protest to the shabby treatment Sheaffer received. -- Ed.

  KPIX Channel 5
  San Francisco, CA
  Dear Producer:

  Thank you very much for trying to balance the Whitney Shrieber
  appearance by having an expert with a counter view. The problem was
  that Mr. Robert Sheaffer's presence was apparently only for stage
  decoration -- even his very presence seemed to be in question because
  the camera wanted to avoid him. A man in the audience was accorded
  more time.

  And what kind of cogent questions were directed to Mr. Sheaffer? "You
  DO believe that men have landed on the moon, don't you?"

  Robert Sheaffer is an internationally recognized UFO expert. He has
  spent years investigating some of the most famous UFO cases. He knows
  the literature, the people, and just about every other aspect
  associated with UFO phenomena. He is an accomplished author and has
  talked directly with some of the foremost principals in "UFOlogy."
  With all due respect, neither Ross nor Ann [show hosts] has the
  experience necessary in this area to direct the kind of pointed
  questions that would have provided some very interesting dialogue,
  with emphasis on the "di."

  Mr. Strieber makes some extraordinary claims. He cannot play off to
  your sympathies by complaining about skepticism of those claims. His
  most unusual declarations demand explanation, and the public has every
  right to see that he stand and take the heat. He is being handsomely
  paid for his time because his appearance will sell many of his books.
  By contrast, Robert Sheaffer took his own time off work not to mention
  the effort in preparation for this encounter which turned out to be
  more like one of "first kind."

  Again, thank you for your attempt at fairness. I hope that the next
  time there will be more real balance. I think you owe it to the
  community.

  Kent Harker,
  Editor, "BASIS"


  "Delight in deceiving and aptness to be deceived, imposture and
  credulity, although they appear to be of a diverse nature, yet
  certainly they do for the most part concur." -- Bacon


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  SEN. PELL MEETS URI

  Sen. Claiborne Pell is Washington's best-known advocate of psychic
  phenomena. He is so enthusiastic he has hired a staffer, Scott Jones,
  to help promote his beliefs routinely and legislatively. Jones works
  to "make federal officials receptive to research in the field." Then,
  after hours, Jones actively runs "a one-man organization devoted to
  studying anomalous phenomena and interest in UFOs," reports the
  "Providence Sunday Journal".

  The military has shown interest in psychic warfare, especially since
  we hear all this talk about how the Soviets are years ahead of us --
  that they are able to snoop psychically and use psychokinesis (PK) to
  wreak havoc in our submarine fleet. We may breathe a little easier
  since learning that Pentagon officials hired the National Academy of
  Sciences (NAS) to evaluate whether such skills "might be helpful in
  creating more proficient soldiers." The study concluded that "the U.S.
  probably does not have to worry about claims by some parapsychologists
  that the Soviet Union is far ahead in the psychic-arms race. . . ."

  For Pell's part, he invited some of the luminaries of psychicdom to
  the Hill where they could give first-hand demonstrations to his
  scoffing colleagues. He'd show them. And who better than THE most
  powerful, Uri?

  Geller's ho-hum routines impress Pell, but apparently didn't move any
  mountains otherwise.

  Dr. Ray Hyman, chief CSICOP investigator raised some monetary
  questions about the extent of Pell's activities, finding that the
  senator was working very hard to establish a kind of "top-secret
  Manhattan Project" in response to alleged Soviet advances. Pell at
  first "declined to say whether he had tried to influence the Pentagon"
  until he was informed of Hyman's investigations. He responded that
  "the [allegations] are `correct but vastly exaggerated.'"

  How does the senator, sixth-ranking in the Senate in seniority and
  chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, view the tarnished
  Israeli, Geller? "I sort of feel that he's for real. I have seen no
  evidence of cheating during Geller's performance in Washington." Pell
  acknowledges that Geller may cheat on occasion. "Geller was a magician
  when he was younger," Pell said. "Maybe when his intuitive processes
  fail, he can back them up with sleight of hand."

  James Randi had something to say about that in a direct confrontation
  with Pell in which Pell challenged Randi to "duplicate Geller's
  ability to reproduce a drawing made secretly by the senator."

  After Randi succeeded, Pell recanted, right?

  "I think maybe Randi's a psychic and doesn't realize it," the
  unflappable Solon responded.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
  Claiborne tumbled pell-mell down the hill, but he just dusted himself
  off as if nothing happened.

  How true it is that a believer cannot be dissuaded from his or her
  folly, no matter how powerful the confutation.


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the November, 1988 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1988 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1988 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:57]
