{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T15:42:46Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 76098, "source_ctime_ns": 1790263521821936368, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-11.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790263521814217181, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1989-11.pdf", "source_sha256": "660b703441f38c8e9fda5a6aec9ee776850314ca8ee514d9db3f3688b57b632f"}

----------------------------------------------------------
  November 1989 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ----------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 8, No. 11
              Editor: Kent Harker


  BAS CHALLENGE

  [For over eight years, BAS has offered $11,000 for a successful
  demonstration of any paranormal phenomenon under properly
  controlled circumstances. Some of those whom we have tested include
  a tarot reader, a man alleging psychokinetic powers of ancient
  Chinese "I-chi", a man who alleged his dog could do arithmetic and
  communicate with the dead, and a woman who claimed she had psychic
  powers. We have made specific challenges to the Bay Area's best-
  know psychic, Sylvia Brown. Ms. Brown flatly rejected the challenge
  and hurled epithets of Hitlerian motives in BAS!

  The eleven thousand dollars is unclaimed, so show this challenge
  to a psychic.]

  We are Bay Area Skeptics (BAS), a group willing to test paranormal
  claims. We are committed to learning the truth about psychic
  powers, whatever that truth may be.

  We hereby issue the following challenge to any and all psychics and
  psychic researchers in the Bay Area: Show us just one psychic
  power, of any kind, that can be demonstrated to be real under
  properly controlled scientific test conditions. Claims of psychic
  powers are abundant -- but we want to see somebody who can actually
  demonstrate genuine (i.e., under controlled conditions) ability in
  telepathy, precognition, clairvoyance, psychokinesis, paranormal
  healing, or any other alleged psychic power.

  If you claim to be psychic, it is to your advantage to accept this
  challenge: first, because of the monetary reward, and second,
  because of the recognition and prestige you will achieve as the
  first person to successfully demonstrate such powers under
  scientifically controlled conditions to a group of knowledgeable
  skeptics.

  Various persons associated with Bay Area Skeptics have offered a
  total of $11,000 to any person who can demonstrate any psychic
  power under properly controlled scientific test conditions.
  Furthermore, James "The Amazing" Randi has for decades offered
  $10,000 for proof of any psychic power performed under properly
  controlled conditions. That sum has recently been increased to
  $100,000. Bay Area Skeptics will promptly report to Randi anyone
  whose powers seem worthy of testing. In both cases, the conditions
  of the test will be arranged in advance with the person claiming


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  psychic ability. Testing will not begin until there is mutual
  satisfaction that the arrangements and test protocol are fair and
  unbiased.

  Think of the enormous recognition that would be given to the first
  person to convince outspoken skeptics that psychic powers are real!
  Think also of the tremendous benefit to science and humanity if the
  existence of miraculous powers for healing and transmitting
  knowledge could at long last be proven! Think how much fun it would
  be to make skeptics eat crow!

  There are probably few other places in the United States where the
  number of alleged psychics, and the degree of belief in psychic
  powers, is as high as it is here in the Bay Area. We challenge
  psychics to demonstrate that their claims are scientifically valid.
  We challenge psychics to set aside their anecdotal stories and
  self-serving client testimonials for a laboratory setting. If you
  think you have genuine psychic powers, the advantages of accepting
  this challenge are considerable.

  Note: The BAS challenge is open, for practical and economic
  reasons, only to those normally working and residing in the Bay
  Area. If you are outside the Bay Area, consideration may be given
  on a case basis. We may be reached at:

      Bay Area Skeptics
      Attn.: Challenge
      4030 Moraga Street
      San Francisco, CA 94122.

  INFORMATION FOR THOSE SEEKING TO PURSUE THE CHALLENGE OF BAY AREA
  SKEPTICS

  If you are interested in being tested on your psychic claim, please
  submit a letter which must include the following statements to
  qualify:

  - A precise statement of your claim.

  - Specifics of what you would do in a scientific test.

  - Specifics of what you would consider to be scientific proof of
  your claims. (Results must be beyond chance expectations.)

  - A statement that you understand and agree that all of the
  proceedings are to be considered on the record -- either side is
  free to publish what has transpired.

  - A statement in writing that you understand and agree in advance
  that the test is mutually satisfactory, or there will be no test.

  - A statement that you understand and agree that failure to concur
  with the specifications of the test shall not constitute grounds
  for any legal action.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  Your claim must be:

  - CLEAR: Statements like "You might have had heart trouble." are
  not clear.

  - UNDERSTANDABLE: A statement such as "You have to get more
  centered." is not understandable.

  - SPECIFIC: Statements like "You have now or within the past three
  years had some involvement in a relationship or an investment." are
  too vague.

  - LOGICAL: If you claim that "A" will happen, and if "A" does not
  happen, then you have failed to substantiate your claim.

  - TESTABLE: Statements like "You will be upset within the next few
  months." are not testable.

  - SIGNIFICANTLY ACCURATE: Your performance must be accurate beyond
  what would be expected by chance.

  - DEMONSTRABLY PSYCHIC OR PARANORMAL: For example, some psychics
  predicted that the Democrats would run a woman for Vice President
  in 1984. Many political analysts made the same prediction.

  We look forward to your reply.


  NO HARM DONE?
  by Joseph Garber

  The "Ramparts" section in the August "BASIS" discusses the use of
  a flashing light goggle system to "synchronize the brain." The
  resulting effects, you state, are less than useless. Unfortunately,
  there may be more to the story than that.

  A few months ago I was introduced to a young entrepreneur who was
  seeking funding for a rather off-beat project. During the course
  of our meeting I observed that the chap seemed to be suffering from
  some physical discomfort. I inquired about his condition, and
  learned that he had for the past several months been undergoing a
  strenuous physical rehabilitation program. Moreover, his movements
  were stringently constrained by a back brace.

  When I asked about the cause of his problems he said that late in
  1988 a friend persuaded him to experiment with a goggle "system"
  that, in concept, sounds similar to the one described in
  "Ramparts." The purported psychic benefits of the "system" piqued
  his interest. He decided to give it a try. Therefore one evening
  he lay down in bed, donned the goggles, put on the earphones, and
  turned the "system" on.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  He awoke late the next afternoon dazed and in considerable anguish.
  Apparently the stroboscopic effect of the goggles had been to
  induce in him what was subsequently diagnosed as an epileptic
  seizure -- or something very similar (he claimed never to have been
  subject to epilepsy in his life). The seizure was sufficiently
  intense, and the muscle contractions sufficiently violent, that
  physical damage resulted. As of April of this year, he had not
  fully recovered from the episode.

  It seems to me that while New Age nonsense quite clearly is
  frivolous and very often callously fraudulent, it also can on
  occasion be quite hazardous. Faith healers, psychic surgeons, food
  faddists, and medical quacks, despicable though they are, leave in
  their wakes people whose health is no worse than it was to begin
  with. Practitioners whose ministrations actually INDUCE illness are
  in a class alone. Welcome to the Age of Aquarius.


  EDITOR'S CORNER

  In late July of this year, the ever-alert eyes of John Taube
  spotted a booklet titled "Is There a REAL Spirit World?" and sent
  it to me. (John is a kind of human "early warning" radar system.)

  The twenty-five page publication is put out by the Worldwide Church
  of God in Pasadena, a well-funded organization founded by the late
  Herbert W. Armstrong. The church's publishing has been the mainstay
  of the ministry: millions are spent annually on printing and
  distribution to every country in every major language. Armstrong
  soon built Ambassador College on the grounds of his Pasadena
  headquarters. His TV and radio propaganda originate from there
  where he ruled with imperial power until his recent death.

  In an attempt to provide evidence for tenets of the belief,
  Armstrong's ministry has often co-opted material from an unlikely
  source: the New Age (or, as the illusionists Penn and Teller
  prefer, the "newedge"). It is a case of using the tune but changing
  the lyrics.

  Skeptics find all this channeling stuff just so much hooey.
  Armstrong and company find proof of other-world communication, just
  through the wrong people: the devil's minions. The booklet has five
  chapters: "`Channeling': What is it," "Communication With the
  Dead?", "Is There a Real Spirit World?", "The `Spirit Guides' of
  Channelers," and "Dreams, Dreamers and the Spirit World."

  For the answer to the question posed by the first chapter title,
  the authors asked Dr. Thelma Moss, a UCLA parapsychologist. They
  asked the wrong person. Randi would have given a more
  straightforward answer. The second chapter, authored by Keith
  Stump, has some particularly interesting statements that went off
  in my head. Stump's first paragraph ends with the question, "Can
  a person `make contact' with dead relatives and friends, or famous

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  persons in history?"

  Stump goes on to correctly identify the origin of modern spiritism,
  the notorious Fox sisters in late March of 1848. The original story
  was that their house was haunted, but soon the spirits were found
  to follow the Fox sister wherever they went. The youngsters
  (preteens) were able to contact spirits on the other side of the
  astral plane, ask important question (like "Is aunt Ruthie happy?")
  and a cooperative spirit would respond with mysterious raps. The
  raps were coded: the number of raps corresponded to the numerical
  equivalent of a letter of the alphabet, or other times the alphabet
  would be called letter by letter until a rap came, signaling that
  that was the correct one. Yes-no questions were coded two for no,
  three for yes.

  Since the spirits apparently have material knuckles with which to
  rap, is it unreasonable to presume that they have larynxes with
  which to speak, for a much greater economy of effort? Whatever.

  After the death of Kate Fox, an elderly, contrite Margaret Fox
  confirmed how the whole charade had worked. The girls had perfected
  a technique whereby they could slip big-toe joints in somewhat the
  same manner as snapping ones fingers, except that the joint would
  thump against a shoe sole and resonate through the floor or other
  hard surface. (The spirits were inexplicably silent when suspicious
  investigators perched the sisters' shoeless, outstretched legs on
  cushions.)

  They became so adept at it that they learned they could do it with
  other toe joints. Since any apparent movement to produce the sound
  was not discernible, some of the most prestigious investigators -
  - Sir William Crookes, for example -- at a loss for a prosaic
  explanation declared the Fox sisters' spiritual contacts to be
  genuine. The early credibility of the Fox sisters was based heavily
  upon their ages: How could or would mere children be so audacious
  as to tempt the credulity of sophisticated adults?

  For years the sisters enjoyed wealth, prestige and acclaim as a
  result of their demonstrations. People from all over the world
  courted their favor and sought the advice of spirits contacted
  through their mediumship. Many clients whose relationships and
  problems had been left unresolved by the death of a friend or
  relative found settlement of the inner conflicts through Kate and
  Margaret, thus affording a self- justification for the deceit.

  Stump asserted that there were many well-researched cases in which
  mediums were found to be genuine. He declared that there were
  "well-documented cases of spirit photography" while acknowledging
  that there are mostly frauds. In no instance did he give references
  -- or even mention any names of the principals -- for any case he
  cited except the Fox sisters.

  Curious why Kate and Margaret were the only specific names given,
  I phoned Stump in early August. I identified myself and the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  affiliation I was representing for the call, and to my surprise he
  knew about CSICOP and claimed to be a subscriber to the "Skeptical
  Inquirer"!

  He assured me he had all the resources and references to the cases
  he wrote about and said he would be happy to send them to me. Since
  he had written the chapter some two years earlier, he said it would
  take him a few days to assemble everything, but he promised he
  would get the information to me very quickly. In early September
  I sent him the following letter (edited slightly):

  Dear Mr. Stump:

  I spoke with you nearly a month ago on the phone about a selection
  you did for the publication, "Is There a REAL Spirit World?",
  specifically, the article "COMMUNICATION WITH THE DEAD?"

  I'm sure you have been very busy, and you may have forgotten the
  assurance you gave me that you would shortly send me the references
  you did not include in your article. I asked specifically for the
  cases in which "There are serious mediums . . . who have stood up
  under the most RIGOROUS scrutiny of investigators. [p 7]" It would
  be nice to even know a name behind these alleged miracles.
  Inclusion of references should be the minimum standard when such
  extraordinary events are alleged.

  Your approach to "spirit photographs" suffers the same omissions.
  You acknowledge that "A large percentage . . . have been shown to
  be bogus. . . ." Your next paragraph, however, asserts that "others
  have stood up to the tests of investigators." again without so much
  as a hint of which others or by what investigations.

  Since you are familiar with the work of CSICOP, you know about the
  many offers of money for a successful demonstration of some psychic
  phenomenon under controlled conditions. (BAS has an $11,000 offer.)
  There are many hundreds of thousands of dollars awaiting such an
  event. I find it difficult to understand why those alleging such
  incredible powers should not be pleased to make us skeptics eat our
  words and take our money at the same time.

  If paranormal advocates are too genteel to humiliate us and take
  filthy lucre, it could be arranged to do the testing very privately
  and then donate the winning money to a charity of their choice --
   maybe to the Worldwide Church of God.

  I can't imagine that the Worldwide Church of God is interested in
  anything less than the truth. I can't imagine you would want to do
  anything to promote untruth coming from frauds or from the deluded,
  even if the latter are of the "self" variety. Because of your
  responsibility to your readers and to the truth, I can't imagine
  you would offer as proof any material evidence that hasn't passed
  the most rigorous scientific tests of validity.

  You used the example of the Fox sisters as proof of mediumship. You

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  are aware that they are confessed frauds. The Bar Association of
  New York City hired the Academy of Music hall on the evening of 21
  October 1888 for an announcement by Margaret Fox Kane: (1)

      There is no such thing as a spirit manifestation. That
      I have been mainly instrumental in perpetrating the fraud
      of spiritualism upon a too-confiding public many of you
      already know. It is the greatest sorrow of my life. . .
      . When I began this deception, I was too young to know
      right from wrong.

  One year later she recanted her confession, leaving us to decide
  which time she was lying. With the great humiliation one would
  suffer, I wonder what motive could cause one to declare oneself a
  fraud other than to unburden a heavy conscience. Apparently she
  found that it was easier to make a dishonest buck. Her lifelong
  experience had taught her that her believers are long on credulity
  and very short memory.

  A year later she knew her confession would fade into oblivion,
  hastened by charges that she was coerced to make it. (When she made
  the confession, the only coercion came from a seared conscience
  that evidently abandoned her a year later.) At the very least,
  insofar as your article is concerned, I should think that prudence
  would require that a case as controversial as hers must not be
  among examples of spirit contacts, let alone the ONLY specific
  example you chose to cite. If the Fox sisters are your star
  witnesses, I would judge that the credibility of your whole case
  stands upon toothpicks in sand at best.

  Finally, you acknowledge that fraud and deceit are the norm in this
  spiritism business. In your last paragraph you spear your readers
  with a false dichotomy: "There remain certain manifestations for
  which no entirely satisfactory explanation has been offered --
  other than ACTUAL SPIRIT CONTACT." In other words, if there is a
  residual 1% that cannot be explained by some KNOWN method of
  flummery we are forced to put the case in the spirit-contact genre.
  We would be pleased to offer you other possibilities.

  A version of this letter will appear in print, and I offer you
  space for up to a 2,500-word rebuttal in our newsletter. I hope to
  hear from you as you promised. Sincerely, (signed)

  As of the date of publication there is no response, and my phone
  calls have not been returned.

  What a shame that the readers of that booklet have little chance
  of learning about alternate viewpoints on the question. Paranormal
  blather is spread about the land as widely as oxygen: one has only
  to breath to get it. One must spend money or go to a BIG library
  to find skeptical critiques.

  Reference:
  1. "A Skeptic's Handbook of Parapsychology". Kurtz (editor). 1985.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  p. 178


  US VS. THEM

  The scientific creationists have declared war on the classroom. The
  normal course of what goes into the schools is the result of a
  consensus backed by the best and most current evidence. The
  fundamentalist creationists have chosen a revolutionary way to
  circumvent -- and subvert -- the normal scientific process: the
  courts.

  One of their mainstay positions is that there is a clear dichotomy
  between evolution and creation: one is either a satanically
  inspired, Marxist evolutionist or a fundamentalist creationist.
  From information polls about personal beliefs, that us-them
  mentality pitches about 80% of the people who believe in some form
  of divine creation off the narrow fundamentalist ledge firmly into
  the camp of atheistic satanists.

  We know such thinking is asinine, but it is reassuring to hear the
  same from those in what is clearly a middle ground. This sentiment
  was recently expressed in a thoughtful and incisive letter from
  Rev. H. James Hopkins, published in "The San Francisco Examiner".
  Rev. Hopkins pastors the Lakeshore Baptist Church in Oakland.
  "BASIS" spoke with Rev. Hopkins and he gave his permission to
  reprint here his letter:

  PASTOR FOR SCIENCE

  As one who has very fundamentalist religious roots but has moved
  to accept a much more moderate theological outlook, I am very much
  aware of the accuracy of your article entitled "Creationists fight
  for textbooks."

  Indeed, "the issue of whether the belief of creationism should be
  taught side by side in California science classes with the theory
  of evolution is decidedly unsettled." I am reminded of this every
  time I visit the church of my parents. There the war against the
  "infidel evolutionists" is waged with great passion and regularity.


  However, those entrusted with developing curricula for our state's
  public schools should not be pressured into calling ancient
  statements of belief "science." The biblical story of creation
  is a profound religious statement. People of faith still comb it
  for stirring truths and practical insights into the ways of God
  with the world. To use it as a scientific text is to misunderstand
  its intent and to misunderstand its applications.

  Science has a vital job to do in inviting our students to explore,
  appreciate, appropriate and conserve the wonders of the cosmos.
  This is a big enough job to do without trying to burden scientists

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  and teachers of science in the public schools with the job of
  interpreting religious truth. I urge our state Board of Education
  to let the scientists do their work with joy and I encourage all
  churches to do their work with joy. The Board of Education needs
  to know that many professing Christians do not expect them to do
  our work for us.


  LETTERS

  [From Dr. Terence Hines, associate professor of psychology at Pace
  University in New York:]

  I must take issue with part of Bob Steiner's "The Blood Readers"
  piece in the August 1989 "BASIS". He says that the claim that "Big
  Mafioso" have blood type O is nonfalsifiable. While the claim is
  certainly very silly and almost certainly wrong, it is certainly
  NOT nonfalsifiable. It may, in fact, be very difficult to falsify,
  but that does not make it NONfalsifiable.

  Many, many (most?) hypotheses in science are difficult to falsify
  (one needs lots of fancy equipment and training to do so), but that
  does not make them NONfalsifiable! The point of nonfalsifiability
  is that there is no CONCEIVABLE evidence that would show the
  hypothesis to be wrong. As Steiner himself demonstrates with his
  example of the survey of "Big Mafioso," it is easy to conceive of
  data that would show this particular hypothesis to be wrong.

  The issue of nonfalsifiability and pseudoscience is a very
  important one so it's vital to be clear.

  STEINER REPLIES:

  Professor Hines has raised some interesting points. First, we have
  substantial agreement on the concept of falsifiability:

  1. The issue of nonfalsifiability and pseudoscience is a very
  important one.

  2. It is vital to be clear on the issue.

  3. If the claim I addressed were MERELY extremely difficult to
  falsify, that would not make it nonfalsifiable.

  For the benefit of all of us, a brief review of the principle of
  falsifiability seems to be in order. A brief summary and one
  example should suffice. I can think of no better source than the
  writings of Karl R. Popper. It is he who first put forth the
  excellent concept of falsifiability. After detailing the
  considerations, he offers the following conclusion:

      One can sum up all this by saying that THE CRITERION OF
      THE SCIENTIFIC STATUS OF A THEORY IS ITS FALSIFIABILITY,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
      OR REFUTABILITY, OR TESTABILITY.

  He gives the following example: (1)

      Astrology did not pass the test. Astrologers were greatly
      impressed, and misled, by what they believed to be the
      confirming evidence -- so much so that they were quite
      unimpressed by any unfavourable evidence. Moreover, by
      making their interpretations and prophecies sufficiently
      vague they were able to explain away anything that might
      have been a refutation of the theory had the theory and
      the prophecies been more precise. In order to escape
      falsification they destroyed the testability of their
      theory. It is a typical soothsayer's trick to predict
      things so vaguely that the predictions can hardly fail:
      that they become irrefutable.

  Now we have one of the criteria of falsifiability: If the subject
  to be addressed is so vague and so imprecise as to be untestable,
  it is nonfalsifiable.

  The issue is clear. The assertion that most of the "Big Mafiosi"
  have blood type O is: nonfalsifiable per Steiner, and falsifiable
  per Hines. In order to address the issue, we must analyze the
  assertion.

  The word "most" is no problem. I accept that to mean "more than
  50%."

  "Blood type O" causes no problem. Science has clearly identified
  that.

  That leaves us to deal with the words "Big" and "Mafiosi."

  "Webster's Ninth New Collegiate Dictionary" defines "Mafioso" as
  follows: n. pl. -si: a member of the Mafia or a mafia.

  Please note that a mafioso may be a member of either THE Mafia,
  with a capital "M", or A mafia, with a lower-case "m." From that
  we conclude that the plural, "mafiosi," may be members of THE Mafia
  . . . or of A mafia . . . or both . . . or members of several
  mafias . . . which may or may not include THE Mafia.

  In the same dictionary, we find the definition of "Mafia" to be:

      n. 1: a secret society of political terrorists 2: a
      secret organization composed chiefly of criminal elements
      and usu. held to control racketeering, peddling of
      narcotics, gambling, and other illicit activities
      throughout the world 3: (often not cap): a group of
      people of similar interests or backgrounds in a
      particular field or enterprise. [Would members of
      Congress satisfy this requirement? How about the Boy
      Scouts? Astrologers? Bay Area Skeptics?]

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  "The Oxford Illustrated Dictionary" defines "mafia" as:

      n. 1. (in Sicily) Spirit of hostility to the law and its
      ministers prevailing among a part of the population;
      also, those who share in this spirit (not, as often
      supposed, an organized secret society). [Would the
      hippies of the 1960s have qualified under this
      definition?] 2. Secret international criminal
      organization.

  From this point, if we could pin down what the "mafia" is, which
  we cannot, we would have to decide with a degree of certainty
  worthy of science whether secretaries and bookkeepers are
  "mafiosi." How about lawyers and accountants? What about government
  officials who take payoffs? What about the street gang of teenagers
  running drugs in the schools? How about the preteens who stand on
  the sidelines and simply admire and share the spirit of hostility
  of those teenagers?

  How about non-violent, non-revolutionary, philosophical anarchists?
  Are those silent, law-abiding, non-violent persons also "mafiosi,"
  based upon their beliefs, upon which they take no action? Would
  they still be "mafiosi" even if they never speak of their beliefs?
  How would you identify them?

  I submit that the numerous AND CONTRADICTORY definitions of "mafia"
  make it IMPOSSIBLE, even in theory, to state with any degree of
  certainty who are "mafiosi." The concept is so vague and so
  imprecise that any claim about such undefinable persons is
  untestable, irrefutable, and nonfalsifiable.

  Having established that we cannot possibly, even in theory,
  identify who are the "mafiosi," we must now determine whether we
  can identify who are the "BIG mafiosi." Then we must see if we can
  perform blood tests on them.

  That leads us to a very interesting conjecture. Would it be a more
  difficult task to define, identify, find, and take blood samples
  from the "big mafiosi" than it would be to simply define in a
  clear, non-contradictory manner who are just plain-old mafiosi? The
  answer is No. There are not degrees of difficulty beyond
  impossible.

  Reference:

  1. Popper, Karl R. 1963. "Conjectures and Refutations: The Growth
  of Scientific Knowledge". New York: Harper & Row. 1963. p. 37.

  [Who says there is an intellectual conspiracy among skeptics? We
  are no harder on "outsiders" than we are on ourselves. It is
  probably safe to say there will be round II to this matter. --
  Ed.]


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  DEGREES OF FOLLY: PART VIII
  by William Bennetta

  Parts I through VII of this article have described the continuing
  effort by the ICR Graduate School (ICRGS) to gain reapproval, from
  the California State Department of Education, as a source of
  advanced degrees in science and in science education. The ICRGS is
  an arm of the Institute for Creation Research, a fundamentalist
  ministry that promotes the religious pseudoscience called
  "creation-science." The founder and president of the ICR is Henry
  Morris, a preacher and former engineer who poses as an expert in
  geology, biology, paleontology and various other fields in which
  he has no detectable credentials.

  In Part VI, I told that the Department had sent a committee of
  examiners to the ICR, in early August, to make a new assessment of
  the ICR's operations. Four of the committee's five members are
  scientists from campuses of the University of California or the
  California State University. The fifth, evidently selected by the
  ICR, is from a Bible college in Ohio.

  In Part VII, I told of the reaction by Henry Morris and his
  associates to the committee's visit: Foreseeing that the committee
  would declare the ICRGS defective and unworthy of approval, and
  that the chief of the Department, Bill Honig, would follow the
  committee's judgment, the ICR men tried to win sympathy from the
  press and the public. On 31 August they held a "news conference"
  to denounce Honig and to distribute a fiercely misleading account
  of their transactions with his Department, but they achieved only
  modest success. Most news organizations apparently recognized that
  the ICR men's only "news" was their own desperation.

  The examining committee has not yet submitted its report, nor has
  there been any other substantive development, during the month
  since I wrote Part VII, in the ICR case per se. The ICR men have
  not been idle, however, and in September they mailed a new batch
  of religious pamphlets to their followers. One of those pamphlets
  merits special attention from anyone who is interested in the ICR
  case or in creationism, and I shall tell about it here. W.B.,
  13 October

  NOAH'S STAND-IN

  By definition, creationism is a fundamentalist political movement
  that seeks to impose onto the population at large, by political
  means, a body of religious beliefs that revolve around the creation
  stories in the King James version of the Holy Bible.

  The creationists' most conspicuous efforts today are directed
  against science: They strive to suppress science education in the
  public schools, to undermine the public's understanding and
  appreciation of science, and to censor science itself. Their


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  ultimate goal is to abolish science altogether and to replace it
  with a pseudoscientific system for affirming biblical narratives
  and beliefs. That system is "creation-science."

  Because the creationists' campaign against science and science
  education is so prominent, and is so large a part of their current
  program, the implications of creationism in other realms are often
  overlooked. Yet those implications are strong and clear -- and
  nowhere clearer than in the creationists' assiduous denigration of
  all religious traditions and supernatural beliefs but their own:
  Any other beliefs are denounced as an evil frauds or are patronized
  as degenerate vestiges of biblical truths that are known, in proper
  form, to fundamentalists only.

  For an example of how creationists scorn other religious traditions
  as mere corruptions of biblical lore, consider this: They have
  announced that the Australian aborigines' Dreamtime stories are
  simply defective recollections of events recounted in the Book of
  Genesis, and that the aborigines colonized Australia after the time
  of Noah's flood. (The announcement was made in l986 in "Ex Nihilo",
  a creationist magazine.

  A year later, it was properly noted in "The Bumbling, Stumbling,
  Crumbling Theory of Creation Science", a booklet issued by the
  Catholic Education Office in Sydney. The booklet's author, Barry
  Price, commented: "Surely it must be close to blasphemy to dismiss
  the aspirations, hopes and religious history of a proud people as
  `racial memories of Creation and the Tower of Babel'!")

  Or consider an unsigned article in the September 1989 issue of
  "Back to Genesis", one of the monthly bulletins published by the
  ICR. Here is the whole article, verbatim; the ellipses appear in
  the original:

      DID YOU KNOW . . . that the Havasupai Indians living in
      the Grand Canyon believe this Canyon originated as a
      result of a flood?

      . . . "Before there were many people on earth there were
      two gods: Tochapa of goodness, and Hokomata of evil.
      Tochapa had a daughter named Pu-keh-eh, whom he hoped
      would become the mother of all living. Hokomata, the
      evil, was determined that no such thing should take
      place, and he covered the world with a great flood.
      Tochopa [sic], the good, felled a great tree and hollowed
      out the trunk. He placed Pu-keh-eh in the hollowed trunk,
      and when the water rose and flooded the earth, she was
      secure in her improvised boat.

      "Finally the flood waters receded and mountain peaks
      emerged. Rivers were created; and one of them cut the
      great gushing fissure which became the Grand Canyon.

      "Pu-keh-eh, in her log, came to rest on the new earth.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
      She stepped forth and beheld an empty world.

      "When the land became dry, a great golden sun rose in the
      east and warmed the earth, and caused her to conceive.
      In time, she gave birth to a male child. Later, a
      waterfall caused her to conceive, and she gave birth to
      a girl. From the union of these two mortal children came
      all the people on the earth. The first were the
      Havasupai, and the voice of Tochopa [sic] spoke to them
      and told them to live forever in peace in their canyon
      of good earth and pure water where there would always be
      plenty for all. . . ."

      This is, of course, a recognizable (albeit distorted)
      version of the worldwide Flood of Noah's day. It adds
      more evidence to support the fact that all peoples are
      descended from Noah and have a common cultural
      background.

  The "creation-scientists" promulgate such absurd stuff in the
  service of their "two-model" doctrine, which starts with the
  declaration that there are only two possible views of "origins."
  One view comes from literal readings of the Bible; the other comes
  from natural science; and the two are opposed in a kind of zero-
  sum contest, so that any evidence supporting the first must be an
  indictment of the second.

  To sustain that nonsense, creationists must ignore, twist or
  trivialize all the other views of "origins" that exist now or ever
  have existed. If they were to admit that there are more than two
  views, their "two-model approach" would collapse, and all their
  arguments for teaching biblical beliefs in public-school science
  classrooms would become arguments for teaching religious ideas from
  countless other sources as well. That is not what the creationists
  want. They want the schools to propagate fundamentalist beliefs
  only, as the only ones that deserve to be taken seriously.

  So they disdain the aborigines' Dreamtime lore as an ersatz
  Genesis, and they represent the aborigines themselves as
  unfortunates who cannot recall what really happened back at Babel.
  They turn Pu-keh-eh into an ersatz Noah, turn her hollowed tree
  into an ersatz ark, and turn the Havasupai into people whose faulty
  memories have substituted a matriarch for a nautical patriarch.

  In the same way, they dismiss any number of other myths as debased
  versions of biblical tales -- false versions that are unworthy of
  inclusion in any consideration of "origins" but that somehow, while
  being false, show that the Bible is true.

  When we see that creationism and "creation-science" entail the
  systematic denial or denigration of most of the world's religions,
  cultures and cultural history, we see how broad the social
  implications of creationism really are. Those implications must be
  publicized and apprehended more widely, especially among public-

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  school officials and teachers. Far too many educators -- misled by
  too many mindless newspaper stories about "evolution" -- imagine
  that the creationists despise science alone, and that teachers of
  history or social studies or literature have nothing to worry
  about. That is wrong.

  MOSES'S GENES

  The September "Back to Genesis" also offered a revelatory one-page
  piece by Henry Morris's son John, who is the ICR's administrative
  vice-president and "full professor of geology." Prof. John's
  headline asked: "Do The Difficult Questions Have Answers?" His text
  said that they surely did, and he gave ten examples. Here, in full,
  are the five that I found most engaging:

      2) Where did God come from? The Bible reveals God as
      self-existent. This is a basic assumption of
      Christianity, but all the facts of nature support the
      validity of this assumption.

      3) Where did Cain get his wife? Adam and Eve had "sons
      and daughters" (Genesis 5). Such unions were a genetic
      problem by the time of Moses, but were not a problem so
      soon after Creation.

      4) Human color differences? Genetic studies have shown
      that all humans have the same color, although some have
      more of the skin-coloring agent than others.

      5) Where did the races come from? All humans are
      descended from Noah's family. Isolation of language
      groups following the dispersion at the Tower of Babel
      caused certain characteristics to be expressed which best
      fit the local environment.

      6) What about the dinosaurs? The Bible reveals that land
      animals were created on Day Six of Creation Week. There
      is much evidence that humans and dinosaurs have lived at
      the same time.

  I read Prof. John's Q-and-A effort in several ways. It is a
  reliable sample of the breezy pronouncements that pass for
  "science" at the ICR. It is a compelling index to the intellectual
  condition of the ICR's audience. And most importantly, it is a
  declaration about the fate of the ICR's "graduate school": To me,
  it says that the ICR men have decided against making any serious
  attempt to save that "ministry," and that they already have written
  the school off. Let me explain:

  If Bill Honig denies the school's application for reapproval -- as
  the ICR men, by their own accounts, expect him to do -- then their
  only real hope will lie in a lawsuit. I have speculated, in Part
  VII of this article, that the ICR men will not go to court; and
  Prof. John's most recent performance has convinced me that my

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  speculation was right. I cannot imagine that anyone who expected
  to sit on a witness stand and pose as a "scientist," and who
  expected to be questioned by well prepared adversaries, would today
  be publishing claims about Moses's genes and Fred Flintstone's
  pets.


  S.B.190 BECOMES LAW

  S.B.190, State Senator Becky Morgan's bill for reforming the
  regulation of unaccredited schools that operate in California, was
  signed into law by Governor George Deukmejian on 1 October. A
  summary of the law's provisions will accompany the next installment
  of "Degrees of Folly."


  THE BIBLE BELT BECKONS

  If the ICR men fail to obtain Bill Honig's reapproval of their
  "graduate school," and if they want to remain in the science-degree
  business, they may move their operation to another state.

  On 8 September, I called Donald Drake, who is the acting vice-
  president of Tennessee Temple University, a Bible college in
  Chattanooga. Rumor had it, I said, that Tennessee Temple already
  had offered the ICR a new home. Was the rumor right?

  "There has been interaction about it," Drake replied,"but I can't
  define it any more than that. My understanding now is that [the ICR
  men] are going to stand and fight it out in California. But if that
  doesn't work, I'd be very excited to see them come here. I think
  they would have a much more cooperative relation with our state
  than they've had in California. -- W.B.


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Kent Harker, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Kate Talbot, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


  CATASTROPHISM: TRUE OR FALSE

  Remember Immanuel Velikovsky's "Worlds in Collision" and the slew
  of imitators who followed? How can we forget these Wagnerian views
  of the cosmos? They certainly took a normally lively debate about
  cosmology to new levels of absurdity. What makes this sort of view
  appealing? Where does it stand now? Who are the new proponents?
  More important, how do scientists deal with questions of cosmology?

  Come and hear Dr. David Morrison, CSICOP fellow and head of the
  Space Science Division at NASA Ames Research Center bring us up to
  date.

  Dr. Morrison is the author of 8 books and over 100 research papers
  (the recent most popular of which is "Cosmic Catastrophe," co-
  authored with Clark Chapman). He has an asteroid (2410-Morrison)
  named after him -- fitting because his primary research is
  asteroids and planetary satellites using the techniques of optical
  and infrared astronomy. David is an investigator on the Voyager,
  Galileo, and comet rendezvous missions.

  Join us and at the same time have a look at the recently remodeled
  Morrison Planetarium kindly put at our disposal by the staff.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
                          ---

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the November, 1989 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1989 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1989 11.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:00]
