{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T00:54:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 38921, "source_ctime_ns": 1790258389072292051, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1982-09.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790258388259781749, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1982-09.pdf", "source_sha256": "779c71093bdeb738fd6697e9286d0dd32cef56b907bc8fd72396943f87d8962b"}

-----------------------------------------------------------
  September 1982 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -----------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 1, No. 4
     Editor: Bob Steiner Publisher: Dan Byrd

  Bay Area Skeptics is the first local chapter of the Committee for
  the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP)


  "THE CASE OF THE UFOS"

  [Ed. note: WGBH Boston was kind enough to furnish us with this
  release.]

  NOVA opens fall season with "The Case of the UFOs" on Tuesday,
  October 12, 8 PM, on PBS (check local listings).

  Are they watching?

  The Air Force says the reports are groundless. The CIA says
  they're not responsible. The sightings, however, continue
  unabated. Now NOVA, America's award-winning science documentary
  series, presents television's first rigorous, scientific
  investigation into the fact, fiction, and hoax of unidentified
  flying objects.

  UFO sightings are often reported in sensationalist newspapers.
  NOVA, however, introduces serious investigators who are carefully
  sifting, researching, and interpreting UFO reports, because they
  feel there us more to UFOs than fantasy.

  One scientist says that normal explanations can be found for 99
  percent of UFO reports. He's interested in the one percent that
  are left.

  NOVA takes a penetrating look at several famous UFO reports. Were
  Apollo astronauts shadowed by mysterious spacecraft on their way
  to the moon?

  Was Travis Walton...abducted by aliens and taken into their
  spacecraft? He passed a lie-detector test on his story....
  NOVA... also reveals little-known facts about the lie test and the
  newspaper's involvement.

  What about Police Deputy Val Johnson, whose cruiser reportedly was
  damaged in an encounter with a brilliant ball of light?

  The U.S. military closed its official investigation of UFOs 13
  years ago, but NOVA proves that serious study of these mysterious
  phenomena is very much alive, and may just now be on the verge of


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  significant discoveries.


  Says Robert Sheaffer about this investigation: "I have not seen
  this show yet, but Groom certainly impressed me as an objective
  researcher, and he stated his aim of presenting the facts fairly
  and honestly. Among those who will be appearing in the show are
  Philip J. Klass of CSICOP, and Allan Hendry and Bruce Maccabee of
  the Center for UFO Studies. Perhaps we will for once see a show
  on the subject of UFOs that is based upon facts, instead of the
  sensationalized rubbish we have all become accustomed to seeing."


  CALENDAR

  Oct. 12. "The Case of the UFOs" on TV.
  Nov. 20. "The UFO Verdict: Examining the Evidence." The Gorilla
        Grotto is sponsoring Robert Sheaffer.
  Dec. 15. "Does ESP Exist? A Demonstration and Debate." The
        Gorilla Grotto is sponsoring Bay Area Skeptics.


  THE UFO VERDICT: EXAMINING THE EVIDENCE

  Saturday, November 20, at 8:00 PM, the Gorilla Grotto is presenting
  a program examining the current theories and controversies
  surrounding unidentified flying objects, close encounters, and
  human abductions, using slides of famous UFO cases, together with
  a talk and a question-and-answer period. The latest theories, such
  as "extraterrestrial", "intraterrestrial", and "multi-dimensional",
  will be explained and examined. The speaker is Robert Sheaffer.

  Location: Habitat Center, 3895 18th Street (at Sanchez), San
  Francisco. Admission: $3.00.


  DOES ESP EXIST? A DEMONSTRATION AND DEBATE

  Wednesday, December 15, at 8:00 PM, the Gorilla Grotto is
  presenting a program that will begin with a purported demonstration
  of ESP, including telepathy, clairvoyance, precognition, and
  psychokinesis. It will then be examined and debated by a
  representative of the Bay Area Skeptics. The audience is invited
  to challenge and question either side.

  Location: 5033 California (at 12th Avenue), San Francisco.
  Admission: $3.00.


  DOES BAS HOLD MEETINGS?

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  Several people have expressed interest in attending meetings of
  BAS. They want to meet other interested parties in the Bay Area
  and want to exchange ideas, discussion, and friendship.

  All of this seems to be a perfectly reasonable request.

  Please send some feedback to your editor regarding your thoughts
  on this: whether, how, where, the nature of the meeting, format,
  open to the public, and such other ideas that occur to you.


  H.A.N.D.


  LIBRARY PROPOSED FOR BAS
  by Robert Sheaffer

  A suggestion made at a recent BAS Directors' meeting was that we
  set up a library of newspaper clippings and other information
  concerning local area "psychics" and psychic researchers.
  Obviously, the reputation of a "psychic" is based upon his or her
  success in past predictions or other miracles, but unfortunately
  at the present time we have relatively little information on the
  previous success/failure of local "psychics". Perhaps some of our
  readers can help us out.

  I volunteer to help the effort get started, to try to sort the
  information in some comprehensible format. Perhaps some day we may
  publish a summary of our files, or an index; it was even suggested
  that we might eventually get it all sorted on a computer.

  All this is for the future; for the present, I would like to
  receive information, especially local newspaper and magazine
  clippings, about Bay Area "psychics" and those who investigate
  "psychics". What did such well-known local wizards as Kay Rhea and
  Sylvia Brown predict in 1980? In 1979? In 1969? What did local
  parapsychology labs do in recent years, and what findings did they
  announce?

  If we are able to fulfill one of our key aims of being a reliable
  source of information for local educators, researchers, and
  reporters, we must begin to get our files better organized. Please
  send contributions (news, not money) to me at 1341 Poe Lane, San
  Jose, CA 95130. If the effort is a success, we will periodically
  report on how things are progressing. Also, since I often do not
  see all of the local papers, even the major ones, please clip and
  send anything you see in the future that looks significant.

  [Ed. note: Hear! Hear! Excellent idea. Thank you, Robert.]


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  LETTERS

  To the editor:

  My article entitled "Tracking a `Psychic'" dealt with Jeanne
  Borger, not Jeane Dixon, as implied in the editorial preface to
  Mike McCarthy's article. It would appear that the editor misread
  the name in my article. [Note: That issue has been corrected in
  reprints.]

  Additionally, I believe that it would be wise editorial policy to
  allow people mentioned in "BASIS", including the purported psychic
  named in my article, the opportunity to respond. While replies in
  the same issue would be desirable, this undoubtedly would be too
  time-consuming for a publication of the nature of "BASIS".

  I intend, in the future, to send a copy of any prospective article
  of mine to all parties mentioned, with a request for comments.
  However, I will not wait for replies, unless necessary for the
  article. I think that all articles should be so treated.

  Finally, what does H.A.N.D. stand for? Heathens Against Normalcy
  and Decency? How About New Donations? Happiness And Naked
  Depravity?

  -- Dr. Kenneth D. Bomben

  ED. REPLY: On your first point, you are of course right. We
  misread (or more precisely, probably did not read) the name in your
  article. Our (Ugh! The editorial "we" does get silly at times.)
  -- my apologies.

  Your point about notifying people in the articles about the
  publication is well taken. Consider that to be policy effective
  this issue. Thank you for suggesting that.

  Congratulations on questioning the "H.A.N.D." Please see next
  article.

  And lastly, Ken has moved away from the Bay Area. Much luck and
  success to you in your new location! Give us a shout when you
  visit. (Ken intends to stay in touch with Bay Area Skeptics.)


  AND YOU CALL YOURSELVES SKEPTICS

  What started out as a whimsical editorial insertion turned out to
  be an experiment (of sorts) in curiosity.

  Please look at the last item on page one of this issue. How many
  of you out there know the meaning of "H.A.N.D."? How many of you
  were curious about it? How many of you thought about it at all?


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  How many of you even noticed it?

  "H.A.N.D." has been tucked away in large type in every issue of
  "BASIS". Why didn't you ask?

  To my knowledge, there are only two people who receive "BASIS" who
  knew the meaning of "H.A.N.D." Ken Bomben was one of only three
  people who asked!

  For your information, "H.A.N.D." was originated by Martin
  Grosswirth of New York. Having been bombarded by everyone from
  executives to waitresses to cab-drivers, to everyone else with the
  greeting "Have a nice day", Martin envisioned the day when
  computers would sign off with that. Computers being what they are,
  this would eventually be shortened to "H.A.N.D." Martin then
  envisioned a dictionary three hundred years hence defining:

  "hand. n. a concluding or parting remark. (Origin unknown.
  Probably from the time when humans lived in caves and waved good-
  bye with their hands.)"

  To Stan Bercovitch goes the credit for the Southern version:
  "H.A.N.D.Y." That's "Have a nice day, y'all."

  I know, I know! But Ken did ask, and you were entitled to a full
  explanation.


  Seen on a T-shirt worn by Ron Hipschman, Scientific Consultant to
  Bay Area Skeptics: "WHEN EVOLUTION IS OUTLAWED, ONLY OUTLAWS WILL
  EVOLVE."


  "People who leave their bodies are not all there." -- Bob Steiner


  BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

  Robert A. Steiner, Chair
  Robert Sheaffer, Vice-Chair
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Lawrence Jerome
  Wallace Sampson
  Terence Sandbek


  A CHALLENGE TO ALL PSYCHICS

  We are the Bay Area Skeptics (BAS), a group of people who support

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  the testing of paranormal claims, but are unconvinced by any of the
  supposed proofs of psychic powers that have been presented so far.
  We are committed only to finding out the truth about so-called
  psychic powers, whatever that truth may be. Nothing would be more
  exciting than to discover the existence of a genuine psychic power,
  if such a thing exists. However, experience has sadly shown that
  the field of psychic research is so filled with self-delusion,
  evasion, and fraud, that we are frankly skeptical that any genuine
  paranormal powers exist at all.

  We hereby issue the following challenge to any and all psychics and
  psychic researchers in the Bay Area: Show us just one psychic
  power, of any kind, that can be demonstrated to be real under
  controlled conditions. Claims of psychic powers are abundant --
  but we want to see somebody who can DEMONSTRATE a genuine ability
  at prediction, clairvoyance, telekinesis, paranormal healing, or
  any other alleged psychic power.

  If you are a psychic, why is it to your advantage to accept this
  challenge? First, because of the monetary reward being offered, and
  second, because of the recognition and prestige you will achieve
  as the first person to successfully demonstrate such powers to a
  group of knowledgeable skeptics.

  Robert A. Steiner, director of Bay Area Skeptics, is a professional
  magician of many years' experience. He is personally offering a
  reward of $1,000.00 to any person who can demonstrate ANY psychic
  power under controlled conditions, provided that Steiner is unable
  to duplicate or explain it by normal means. Furthermore, James
  Randi of New Jersey, a famous stage magician known as "The Amazing
  Randi," has for years offered $10,000.00 for proof of any psychic
  power performed under properly controlled conditions. Bay Area
  Skeptics will promptly report to Randi anyone whose powers seem
  worthy of testing. (In both cases, the conditions of the test will
  be arranged in advance with the would-be psychic, and the test will
  not begin until both parties are satisfied that the arrangement is
  fair.) Thus, anyone with genuine psychic powers can easily collect
  $11,000.00 from these two men.

  The Bay Area Skeptics is a local chapter of the Committee for the
  Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP), a
  worldwide organization of scientists and researchers who are
  skeptical of paranormal claims. CSICOP is the largest and best-
  known group of its kind in the world. Anyone who appears to
  possess genuine psychic powers will be reported to CSICOP's
  Executive Council, which will arrange further testing.

  Think of the enormous recognition that would be given to the first
  person to convince the world's most outspoken skeptics of the
  reality of psychic powers! Think also of the tremendous benefit
  to science and humanity if the existence of miraculous powers for
  healing and for obtaining knowledge could at long last be proven!

  There is probably no other place in the United States where the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  number of alleged psychics, and the degree of belief in psychic
  powers, is as high as here in the Bay Area. Psychic readers,
  healers, etc., abound in San Francisco, Berkeley, San Jose, and
  throughout the Bay Area. Purportedly scientific investigations of
  psychic powers are frequently carried out at SRI in Menlo Park, as
  well as at many other organizations in the Bay Area. Many of the
  area's colleges offer credit or extension courses in astrology,
  astral projection, aura reading, etc. We at BAS are proclaiming
  that "The Emperor Has No Clothes", and we challenge anyone to prove
  us wrong.

  We are not difficult to reach. We all live in the immediate area.
  If you believe you have genuine psychic powers, the advantages of
  accepting this challenge are considerable.


  WELCOME, ANDY!

  Andrew Fraknoi, Ph.D., Executive Officer of the Astronomical
  Society of the Pacific, has joined the Board of BAS.

  Andy's investigations into the paranormal are considerable. His
  media appearances have been numerous. He handles himself quite
  well in front of the microphone and camera.

  His enthusiasm and ideas are a welcome addition to the BAS Board.

  Welcome, Andy!


  WE AT UP-OVER RECEIVED...

  We are pleased to hear from Mark Plummer, Editor of "The Skeptic",
  newsletter of the Australian Skeptics. From across thousands of
  miles of water came warm good wishes:

  "Congratulations on getting a Bay Area chapter of CSICOP going.
  Congratulations too on a brilliant name for your chapter: `Bay
  Area Skeptics' Now where did you get the divine inspiration for
  such a title?

  We are all tickled pinker than a galah's belly that there is
  another group of `Skeptics'"

  Mark, we from the Land Up-Over wish you and the Australian Skeptics
  well. Thank you.


  SACRAMENTO SCENE
  by Terence J. Sandbek, Ph.D.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  Gullibility knows no boundaries: It infects young and old, rich
  and poor, male and female, educated and uneducated. What happens
  in Sacramento happens in San Francisco and Chico. People who fall
  for psychic foolishness here are no different from people all over
  the world. As we report happenings in our area, remember that we
  in metropolitan Sacramento are neither more nor less gullible than
  people elsewhere.

  Several months ago, Bob Steiner and I appeared on a local radio
  talk show. The hostess introduced us as "two gentlemen who claim
  to be psychics". She went on to say that "if anyone wants to call
  in and talk, feel free to do so." Almost instantly, the telephone
  lines were full. This is interesting in itself. Since I had been
  on that particular show several times concerning other issues, I
  was familiar with the trickle of responses common to most talk
  shows. At other times, I have listened, and it appeared that the
  host or hostess was trying desperately to get people to call in.

  This day, that was not a problem. The first caller, of course,
  wanted information about her life in terms of how something was
  going to turn out in the future. Bob did a standard "cold
  reading", which lasted several minutes, and the caller's response
  was one of satisfaction. After twenty minutes and six cold
  readings, the hostess asked Bob if he would mind giving his
  credentials as a psychic. His response was: Sure, I'll be glad
  to. I'm a fake! I'm no psychic. I can't read people's minds."
  Bob went on to explain that what he had been doing was something
  almost anyone can learn to do.

  After some more questioning by the hostess, it was quite obvious
  that Bob had fooled everybody into thinking he was really a psychic
  by using the age-old trick of cold readings. The difference was
  that Bob claimed nothing supernatural, merely a skill capable of
  being learned by almost anyone.

  No sooner was this explained than the phone rang and a man asked
  Bob to tell him how his job was going to go next year.
  Incredulous, the show hostess asked the caller if he had been
  listening to the show. When he said "yes", Bob inquired whether
  the man had understood the explanation of what had occurred. The
  incredible response from the caller was:

  "Yes, I understand fully what you are doing, but do it anyway."


  NEXT MONTH: Update on Scientific Consultants and media
  appearances.

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  The above are selected articles from the September, 1982 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1982 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
