{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T12:05:57Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 69601, "source_ctime_ns": 1790198017907693064, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1991-05.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790198017892588626, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1991-05.pdf", "source_sha256": "9051ff5c121040b80561a725fae3976b2b09491474580c153d4dee4e6abf8895"}

-----------------------------------------------------
  May 1991 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -----------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 10, No. 5
              Editor: Yves Barbero


  JOHN R. LEE, M.D. -- REPORT CARD
  by Bob Steiner
  Copyright (C) 1991 Robert A. Steiner

  [There was a considerable amount of debate surrounding Bay Area
  Skeptics' invitation to Dr. Lee to speak at our January meeting.
  This publication took criticism for printing Dr. Lee's words (see
  Dr. Thomas H. Jukes's letter, and letters in previous issues). But
  Bay Area Skeptics does its research, as exemplified by Bob
  Steiner's article.]

  Notwithstanding excellent advance publicity, only 28 people turned
  out to our January 1991 meeting. That was an unexpectedly high
  turnout, considering the fact that most of America was home
  watching television on that exciting second night of the Persian
  Gulf War.

  Readers of "BASIS" are aware of the controversy surrounding the
  talk of John R. Lee, M.D. He addressed our January meeting, taking
  a strong stand against fluoridation, claiming that it does not help
  the teeth and that it is harmful in many ways. Many professionals
  in the dental and health fields considered it to be a mistake for
  Bay Area Skeptics to host Dr. Lee's talk. Their reactions were
  strong: one expressed amazement that we would have Dr. Lee speak;
  another said that we were retrogressing, and called us naive.

  Many of these critics of Bay Area Skeptics have lengthy credentials
  in the field of fluoridation: they have written and spoken on the
  topic, and some were in the forefront of the fight to get fluoride
  into our water. I respect them; some I know personally and consider
  them friends. Many expressed their willingness to address Bay Area
  Skeptics on the topic of fluoridation. But none would appear on the
  platform WITH Dr. Lee!

  They took an interesting position: They warned us that we skeptics
  were unqualified and unprepared to evaluate the claims of Dr. Lee,
  and made dire predictions about how our naive group would be
  swallowed up by his presentation ... and yet they refused to appear
  to refute his claims. They urged us not to allow him to address Bay
  Area Skeptics.

  Although we have hosted a wide variety of speakers, including
  self-proclaimed witches and psychics, many perceived this as being


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  different in some fundamental ways.
  My background and training are as a CPA and a magician. Could that
  background possibly prepare me to evaluate the technical
  presentation about fluoridation of our water supply, to be
  delivered by John R. Lee, M.D? Strange to report, the answer to
  that question is "Yes."

  Dr. John R. Lee is intelligent, articulate, charismatic, and
  entertaining. He held the audience virtually spellbound for almost
  three hours. The considerable amount of information and data he
  presented seemed, on the surface, to be quite believable. His
  appearance of sincerity and confidence went a long way toward
  selling the entire package he was presenting.

  And yet, screaming out at me from just below the surface was the
  gnawing, persistent message that I was watching a theatrical
  presentation. It had many of the trappings of a magic show.
  Misdirection was used, probably more times than I was aware of, to
  divert the audience from an incisive line of questioning. I had the
  uncomfortable feeling that the manipulation of figures and the
  drawing of conclusions that opposed prevailing scientific wisdom
  were nothing more than an illusion. The underlying theme of the
  entire presentation had all the earmarks of deception. In defense
  of a magic show, I must point out a fundamental distinction in the
  analogy I have drawn: A properly presented magic show is harmless
  entertainment and a joy to behold; Dr. Lee's talk was not harmless
  -- it was dangerous.

  As Dr. Lee spun his web, my mind was spinning, attempting to keep
  up. I am pretty good at numbers. However, fluoridation is not my
  field. Few in the world can make an instantaneous evaluation of
  complex statistics relating to a study unknown to them, in a field
  unfamiliar to them.

  Procter & Gamble had done extensive testing of its addition of
  fluoride to Crest Toothpaste. They concluded that it was beneficial
  to the teeth of the users. The American Dental Association endorsed
  that conclusion. Dr. Lee took Procter & Gamble's figures, massaged
  them, put them on a slide, and ended up "proving" that they fail to
  demonstrate any beneficial effect.

  Perhaps you may recall the Kingston-Newburgh study. Newburgh, N.Y.,
  had fluoridated its water supply. The neighboring community of
  Kingston, N.Y. had water that was fluoride-deficient
  ("fluoride-deficient" is the term used in many studies and
  articles). It was quite a comprehensive study, evaluating the
  effect on subjects over the course of decades. It was the basis for
  further studies, as well as part of the foundation for fluoridating
  water throughout the world.

  One study concluded: "The cost for corrective care for children
  with life-long exposure to fluoridated water is less than half of
  what it costs in a nonfluoridated area, and incremental care is
  just about half." (1) Similar studies elsewhere confirmed that

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  finding.
  Dr. Lee claims: "When ALL the children (rather than a small subset)
  are examined in the two communities, it is obvious that Newburgh
  shows no advantage over Kingston."

  The literature of dentistry, medicine, and science have ongoing
  glowing reports about the wonderful benefits of fluoridation of
  water. One example states: "The literature demonstrating the
  beneficial effects of water fluoridation on dental health is
  voluminous. For example, studies have shown decreases in the
  incidence of caries ranging from 35% to 80%. The prevalence of both
  periodontal disease in young adults and malocclusion in children
  has been found to be lower in fluoridated areas.

  Englander has demonstrated that these beneficial effects of
  fluoridation continue into early adulthood. In another study in
  which populations at ages 18 to 59 were compared, Englander and
  Wallace showed that these effects persist at least to the age of
  60. These investigators found that the prevalence of dental caries,
  evaluated by teeth and surfaces, was roughly 40 to 50 percent
  higher among 896 native white residents of fluoride-deficient
  Rockford, Ill, than in optimally fluoridated Aurora, Ill." (2)

  Dr. Lee claims that "All studies of the past two decades find that
  fluoridation provides no discernible dental benefit."

  Some of our readers who have a tad of gray mixed in with their
  colored hair may remember the day when there were strong battles
  about the fluoridation of water. As more and more studies
  proclaimed the enormous benefits of fluoridation of water, the
  battles substantially subsided. The benefits were accepted as
  proven. Nonetheless, the studies continue ... and so do
  conclusions of positive results.

  Dr. Lee authoritatively told us that dentists are not allowed to
  speak out against fluoridation of water. If they do, according to
  Dr. Lee, they will be expelled from the dental society. When some
  of the attending skeptics questioned this, Dr. Lee assured us that
  it was in the bylaws of the American Dental Association, as well as
  in the bylaws of the local dental societies.

  Dr. Lee further told us that if a member of the dental society
  speaks out against fluoridation of water, that member will lose his
  or her pension.

  The above alleged pressure brought by the dental societies on their
  members was central to Dr. Lee's presentation.

  All right, fellow skeptics, are you ready to evaluate all of this?

  Are we to accept as truth that the American Dental Association and
  all of its subsidiaries routinely violate the First Amendment to
  the Constitution of the United States by prohibiting the free
  speech of members? Are we to believe that part of the punishment

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  for exercising the right to free speech is expulsion from the
  Association and all subsidiary dental societies?

  And must we further believe that the American Dental Association
  and its subsidiaries will, as additional punishment, commit an act
  of outright theft by denying vested retirement benefits to the
  members? Do you believe that all of this is in the bylaws of the
  American Dental Association, as well as in the bylaws of all of the
  state and local dental associations and societies?

  Are we to swallow, on the spot, uncritically, that the studies on
  Crest Toothpaste, which were subsequently endorsed by the American
  Dental Association, are completely invalid, as Dr. Lee states?

  Many scientists evaluated the Kingston-Newburgh study over several
  decades. With extraordinarily few exceptions, all who evaluated the
  study hailed it as a significant breakthrough for improved health.
  Were all of those scientists wrong? And, in the past 20 years, has
  there not been even one single study supporting the advisability of
  fluoridation of our water supply, as Dr. Lee claims?

  Dr. Lee glibly told us of one study evaluating the effects of
  fluoridation of water on children up to age five. Kim Cooper, a
  dental hygienist in the audience, exclaimed, "Those are baby
  teeth!" While I do not pretend to be able to evaluate the technical
  exchange that followed, I can comment on the personal exchange. Dr.
  Lee requested that Cooper explain, which she did. Lee immediately
  dropped all discussion of that study, changed the subject, and went
  on to wow us with a report on another study. Since no one was
  familiar with the latter study or the data contained therein, Lee
  proceeded with his assertions. Among magicians, that tactic is
  called MISDIRECTION.

  I obtained and read every single word in the Bylaws of the American
  Dental Association, the California Dental Association, the Contra
  Costa Dental Society, and the San Diego County Dental Society. In
  addition, I read every word of the "American Dental Association
  Principles of Ethics and Code of Professional Conduct".

  There was not one single word about expulsion for speaking out
  against fluoride. There was not word one about loss of retirement
  benefits because a dentist exercised the right to free speech.
  There was not a hint of any pressure put on anti-fluoride dentists.
  Ready for the grabber? The words "fluoride" and "fluoridation" do
  not even appear in the pages and pages and pages of bylaws and
  codes that I combed.

  How about Dr. Lee's glib use of statistics, confidently employing
  them to dismiss the conclusions of thousands of scientists in many
  fields over half a century?

  The reports on the details and statistics for most of the studies
  tend to be a tad more voluminous and complex than we can analyze
  here. However, I believe it would be instructive to analyze in

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  depth a relatively simple presentation made by Dr. Lee.
  Following is a "Comparison of Dental Costs" that was submitted by
  Dr. Lee.

  Although it will take a bit of concentration on your part to follow
  this analysis, I promise you that your patience will be rewarded.

  Each of the figures will be analyized, starting with the figures in
  the "Fluoridated" column.

  The word "Average", as used in this context, generally refers to
  the arithmetic mean. "Average Net Income" would be arrived at by
  totaling the Net Income of all dentists in the population studied,
  and dividing that figure by the number of dentists in that
  population.

  "Net Income" is the bottom line. You start with Gross Revenue; then
  you subtract all Costs, Expenses, and Losses. Net Income is what is
  left after deducting such things as Depreciation, Telephone, and
  Auto Expense. To use that Net Income figure as a measure of Dental
  Costs makes no sense. How can your dental costs be computed by
  taking into account the depreciation on the car that your dentist
  happens to drive?

  The Average Net Income was then multiplied by the Number of
  Dentists, resulting in a figure called "Dental Costs". We are back
  at the total Net Income for all Dentists in the population studied,
  but that is NOT "Dental Costs."

  Next, the Dental Costs figure was divided by the Population Served,
  in order to arrive at a figure called "Cost/Person". Cost per
  person indeed! Do you really believe that the Average Dental Costs
  Per Person for an entire year was only $13.01? Were it not for the
  fact that Dr. Lee presented this in a serious manner, we could
  dismiss it as an attempt at humor.

  Please follow me down the "Non-Fluoridated" column.

  If you take the $17,000 "Average Net Income of Dentists" and
  multiply it by the "Number of Dentists" (156), you arrive at
  $2,652,000

  The figure presented as "Dental Costs" is $2,262,000

  There is an error in multiplication in the amount of $390,000

  That is a 15 percent error!

  Using Average Net Income figures, the assertion was made that
  Dentists' Fees are 16.9 percent higher in Fluoridated Communities.
  I am at a loss to understand how anyone can believe that ANY
  conclusion can be made about comparative Dental Fees when the only
  figures known are the Average Net Income of Dentists.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  The concluding statistic on this page indicates that the "Dental
  Cost Per Person" is higher in the Fluoridated Communities by 19.8
  percent After adjusting for the $390,000 error in the computation,
  we learn that the so-called Dental Cost Per Person is merely 2.1
  percent higher. The difference of 17.7 percent represents an 843
  percent error in the computation and in the conclusion. Please bear
  in mind that, in addition to an 843 percent error in computation,
  the figures would be meaningless even if they were correctly
  computed.

  As I mused about the figures, it occurred to me that maybe ... just
  maybe ... the American Dental Association might not have published
  such an unkempt presentation of data in its professional journal.

  We will now compare Dr. Lee's data with the actual data in the
  source he cited (Yes, I tracked it down).

  In the article cited by Dr. Lee (2), Table 1 gives the population
  data for "Fluoridated" and "Fluoride-deficient" communities for
  Calendar Year _1967_. ("Fluoride-deficient" is the term used in the
  article.)

  Several pages later, and not directly related to Table 1, Table 8
  gives the "Median Net Income" of dentists in the communities for
  Calendar Year _1965_. "Webster's Ninth Collegiate Dictionary"
  defines "median" as "a value in an ordered set of values below and
  above which there is an equal number of values." To multiply the
  "Median Net Income" by the total population is enough to make a
  person who has lived with numbers all his or her life scream.

  Let us conclude by reviewing our evaluation of the reliability of
  data on which Dr. Lee based his conclusions.

  He took the "Median Net Income" (after Depreciation, Telephone,
  Auto Expense, and all other Costs, Expenses, and Losses) of 96
  Dentists in Fluoride-deficient Communities, for Calendar Year
  _1965_, and renamed it "Average Net Income". He multiplied that
  figure by 156, which was the number of dentists in active practice
  in those communities for Calendar Year _1967_, to arrive at a
  figure he called Dental Costs. In addition to ONE, making a
  meaningless computation, TWO, renaming "Median" as "Average", and
  THREE, crossing a time zone of two years, he made a mathematical
  error of $390,000. In presenting his data, he deleted all reference
  to years. Following through, the $390,000 error resulted in an 843
  percent error in the concluding figure in the presentation. Then
  Dr. Lee cited an article in the "Journal of the American Dental
  Association" as if it were the source of his data.

  ------------------------------------------------------------------
  |                     TABLE 1:                         |
  |                                                |
  |              COMPARISON OF DENTAL COSTS                             |
  |                 FLUORIDATED AND                                 |
  |                 NON-FLUORIDATED                                 |

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  |                  COMMUNITIES                                |
  |                                                |
  |                         FLUORIDATED NON-FLUORIDATED |
  | Average Net Income of Dentists $19,875                    $17,000    |
  | Number of Dentists                     162          156         |
  | Dental Costs                  $3,219,750 $2,262,000               |
  | Population Served                  247,000         208,000        |
  | Cost/Person                      $13.01          $10.86       |
  |                                                |
  | In Fluoridated Communities:                                     |
  | Dentists' fees 16.9% higher                                |
  | Cost/Person       19.8% higher                               |
  |                                                |
  | Source: Douglas, et al., "Impact of water fluoridation on           |
  | dental practices and dental manpower"; "JADA", Vol. 84, Feb.72 |
  ------------------------------------------------------------------

  (1) Ast, C.B., and others. "Time and cost factors to provide
  regular, periodic dental care for children in a fluoridated and
  nonfluoridated area: final report." "JADA" ("Journal of the
  American Dental Association"), 80:770, April 1970.

  (2) Douglas, Bruce L., and others. "Impact of water fluoridation on
  dental practice and dental manpower." "JADA", Vol. 84, February
  1972. (Citations for all studies cited in the quoted portions are
  available upon request.)

  [Bob Steiner is a founder of Bay Area Skeptics.]


  BAY AREA SKEPTICS ON CALL
  by Kent Harker

  In the first week of March, the Bay Area Skeptics's 24 hour hot
  line, (415) La-Truth, received a call from the Harvard Club (Palo
  Alto chapter.) We were invited to supply a speaker on their
  Wednesday, March 20 meeting and I was assigned to address the
  group. The Harvard Club is an association of Harvard alums who meet
  monthly for intellectual discussion. The March topic was
  extraterrestrial intelligence.

  There were four invited speakers: an engineer from the SETI
  project, a clinical psychologist, a physicist, and me. The format
  was a dinner-table discussion. Each speaker had twenty minutes at
  a table of about ten diners. After twenty minutes each speaker
  moved to another table.

  The engineer talked about the need for funding the SETI project.
  The psychologist related that increasing numbers of her patients
  had experienced UFO abductions, all of which had persuaded her to
  consider "alternate realities." (She had learned about her
  patient's travails by regressing them hypnotically.) The physicist
  had been studying "quantum interconnectedness" and how our minds

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  determine reality. He mixed his discourse with biblical numerology,
  which, he said, had great significance for what the ancients knew.
  I focused on the March 1970 "Cradle Hill UFO incident" that
  happened in Westminster, England.

  What I said is not the significance of this note in "BASIS" about
  the event. What is significant is that the Harvard Club had some
  organization -- Bay Area Skeptics -- to contact for a view of "the
  other side." And those in attendance expressed near unanimity in
  that sentiment. Most had not heard pointed counters to some of the
  drivel we hear and read in the media and they are too busy to have
  to search for it. Several people told me that they were just
  grateful that we (BAS) are "out there" to do what we do, and they
  thought it wonderful that we have an $11,000 offer for a successful
  demonstration of paranormal ability under controlled conditions.

  The real significance is that Bay Area Skeptics is widely enough
  known that citizens' groups and various agencies of the media know
  that they can quickly reach a responsible counter to the nonsense
  in which society swims. This fact is not lost on the various
  organizations that purvey psychic phenomena as reality, either.

  This is the raison d'etre for Bay Area Skeptics.

  [Kent Harker is the former editor of "BASIS" and is currently
  typesetting books for the skeptical and humanist communities. He
  has been silent for too long.]


  Letters to the Editor
  CODESH -- CSICOP
  by Michael Roesch

  Although the two essays concerning organized skepticism in the
  March issue of "BASIS" [Moen, Barbero] were insightful, the concern
  over the juxtaposition of CODESH and CSICOP seems overstated.
  First, the organizations have long been connected geographically,
  administratively, and philosophically -- there is little
  justification to now expect harmful inbreeding. Second, placing
  both under the "Center for Inquiry" banner should actually help to
  promote efficiency and intellectual honesty. I do not mean that all
  secular humanist and skeptic groups walk the same road -- but they
  should at least admit to be heading in the same general direction.

  Environmental groups have achieved success, not by denying their
  basic common philosophy, but by creating organizations that achieve
  that philosophy by different paths (Audubon, Sierra Club, Nature
  Conservancy). CODESH and CSICOP, though originating at a common
  source, maintain adequate distance in publications and
  perspectives. In fact, the point where the groups connect presents
  more of an intellectual vista than a program. It is only a problem
  for humanists and skeptics who have set limits on their own area of
  inquiry.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  You [the editor] state skepticism "is a methodology with no fixed
  parameters." I agree. A skeptic's intellectual explorations should
  not be limited by tradition or dogma. It is this commitment to
  skepticism that has caused many skeptics to accept a few of the
  basic principles of secular humanism.

  A hundred years ago Robert Ingersoll commented: "If the people were
  a little more ignorant, astrology would flourish -- if a little
  more enlightened, religion would perish." A skeptic with no `fixed
  parameters' may eventually even tug at the threads of scientific
  ignorance that weave the New Ager and Christian fundamentalist
  together. All untested claims to knowledge, whether from scripture,
  s<130>ance or science, should be equal in the eyes of a skeptic.
  The "Center for Inquiry" project needs our support, and it
  certainly does not deserve our censure.

  [Michael Roesch is co-editor of the Siskiyou Humanists' newsletter,
  an entertaining and informative publication. For a sample copy,
  write P.O. BOX 223, Weed, CA 96094]


  POLITICS?
  by Poul Anderson

  The recent introduction of political advocacy into "BASIS" is
  disturbing. It has destroyed quite a few worthwhile organizations
  in the past. The reason is that where politics is concerned,
  emotions are apt to run high, while at the same time there is
  little or no possibility of applying scientific method. For
  example, many a person who is perfectly sound where it comes to
  evaluating claims about ESP or UFOs still retains faith in the
  wisdom and beneficence of government -- and would regard my
  skepticism about this as unfounded. Many who revere the
  Constitution of the United States think that it has been undermined
  by the Supreme Court rather than, say, the Reagan administration --
  and yet agree that Velikovsky promulgated nonsense. Et cetera, et
  cetera. Let CSICOP concentrate on pseudoscience and its kin.

  SOME political and historical objectivity is possible, and shows
  the danger of dogmatism in this area. For example, your [the
  editor] assertion that no democracy has ever declared war on
  another is simply false. Consider the Boar War. True, the Blacks in
  South Africa were disenfranchised and oppressed, but so were most
  of the Irish, not to mention other subjects of the British Empire.
  As far as their electorates were concerned, both the English and
  the Boars were pretty free people. Then there was the United
  States, overrunning Indian tribes, most of which were run on
  democratic lines, and suppressing a Philippines independence
  movement that had at least the potential of establishing a real
  republic. Ancient Greece provides several more examples.

  If collisions between democracies have been rare, it seems likely

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  that this is just because they themselves are rare and usually
  short-lived.


  DOWN SYNDROME
  by Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D.

  Apparently you [The Editor] have decided that it is your
  responsibility to edit my text and you are apologizing for your
  oversight in not doing so ("BASIS", March). Many thanks, but I
  assure you that I accept responsibility as an author.

  There is another question: Why do you not perform the same
  editorial pruning for others whose writings appear in "BASIS"? For
  example, some editing (see my comment on this point, "BASIS", page
  three, Feb.) was needed on the piece by John R. Lee in the Dec.
  issue? And why did you feel (as you told me) that you "couldn't
  change a word" in the letter by Molleen Matsumura when her last
  sentence asked a question that I had already answered? She asks
  that if I have "evidence that water fluoridation does not affect
  the incidence of birth defects, "BASIS" readers should certainly
  hear about it". I had said ("BASIS" page five, Feb.) that there was
  no evidence for any such effect, and I repeat this. The rest of her
  letter is excellent, except that it was my antifluoridationist
  source, not I, who "picked on Down Syndrome" -- see my letter in
  March "BASIS".


  THE SKEPTIC'S ELECTRONIC BULLETIN BOARD
  2400 Baud, 415-648-8944
  24 hours, 7 days a week
  Rick Moen, Sysop


  FLYING SAUCERS
  by Yves Barbero

  Some time back, I filled in for Robert Sheaffer at the last minute
  on a radio talk show. I had no better credentials than the fact
  that I was geographically close. The show originated from the
  planetarium of the California Academy of Sciences and I was
  employed on the second floor of CAS.

  I was, frankly, unprepared. With a week's notice, I considered
  reading up on the matter but that would have meant an expenditure
  of time on what I considered a fairly worn-out topic. "How do you
  explain that?" I would have been asked by the proponent of UFOs and
  I would have given the standard answers. No one would have been
  convinced one way or the other. Anyway, how could I possibly get
  the knowledge in just a week that Sheaffer had accumulated over the
  years? If the proponent were half-way knowledgeable, he could

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  easily trip me up.
  I hit on a novel solution. Having a decent background in the field
  of science fiction (1) since I've read it all my life, I decided to
  put myself in the place of an alien visitor and describe how I'd
  approach the exploration of Earth.

  First of all, if my goal were study, I'd hardly waste my time
  kidnapping specimens when all I had to do was disguise myself as a
  human being, join academia, and grab as much information as I could
  (I might even be able to do it remotely by tapping into computer
  networks). Being from a civilization which invests considerable
  time and treasure to traverse between stars, I would undoubtedly be
  prepared for all sorts of contingencies. These would include faking
  identities and gaining access to morgues and laboratories of all
  sorts. After all, these activities can be done with contemporary
  techniques by Earthlings. And if I did grab some allegedly
  intelligent specimens, I would certainly have the tools to
  completely wipe their memories clean if I bothered to return them
  at all.

  I certainly wouldn't have to hide out near a convenience store and
  suddenly shine bright lights at motorists to the accompaniment of
  weird electronic music.

  This solution seemed to delight the small live audience. Even the
  proponent, who seemed a decent and civilized man, began asking me
  questions rather than challenging me. He concluded that he believed
  and I said, "show me!"

  This difference of opinion, I am assured, is a matter of individual
  wiring since it's all speculation. Even my scenario, despite its
  entertainment value, is flawed. It assumes a shared desire on the
  part of a completely different species to satisfy curiosity. Carl
  Sagan delights in pointing out that we have more in common with a
  petunia, genetically, than we could ever have with any alien. So
  why should we assume that they'd share anything human with us?

  Now I personally think, given the untold number of stars and
  galaxies, that the odds favor life existing on millions -- if not
  billions -- of other planets. But (assuming they exist at the same
  time we are existing) ...

  => Are they close enough to make it here?
  => Are they motivated to come here?
  => Do they have the technology?
  => Why would they want to keep their visit secret?

  These questions raise plenty of problems. Still, it must be
  acknowledged that just because we haven't seen any credible
  evidence does not mean that they didn't come in the past. They
  could certainly have been smart enough not to leave any beer cans
  or other alien litter. And it's also true that their peculiar
  psychology might lend itself to their examining half-literate,
  sexually frustrated couples on back country roads while these

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  unfortunates returned from the local road house. Maybe the country
  music blaring from old Ford pickups attracts them. There's no
  reason to assume that an alien culture must resemble that of the
  middle-income technocrat who mistakes his cultural bias for
  rational thinking.

  My limited cultural bias only permits me to look at problems within
  the narrow parameters of late twentieth-century ideas. It's good to
  remember that the best thinkers in other ages looked at things
  differently. Could we have convinced a Revolutionary American that
  his novel idea of the mass manufacture of the flintlock, using
  like-parts for easy repairs in the field, to fight the British,
  would lead to the demise of his agrarian economy. Unidentified
  flying objects in biblical times were undoubtedly interpreted as
  spiritual manifestations. Being of a technical bent, we've
  interpreted UFOs as craft from other worlds or dimensions. Even
  skeptics look for mechanical counter-arguments first. If those
  fail, they fall back on psychological arguments, since psychology
  is the catch-all we fish with when clear answers aren't immediately
  apparent.

  It could be that our current state of learning simply cannot supply
  an answer. That's happened in past ages. Why not now?

  The same common-sense speculative filter which allows me to
  conclude that there's probably life aplenty in the universe leads
  me to conclude that we probably have not been visited. But I think
  I'd have a good laugh at myself if we were suddenly to find a
  flying saucer in the middle of the White House Rose Garden and see
  little green men in a photo-opportunity with the President.

  (1) I even had a science-fiction novel published, "The CTZ
  Paradigm" (Doubleday, 1975) under the pen-name Yves Regis Francois.


  ---------------------------
  | TOLL-FREE NUMBER TO THE |
  |    OTHER SIDE             |
  |                  |
  |                  |
  |                  |
  ---------------------------


  Book Review
  SCIENTOLOGY'S ROOTS
  "Bare-Faced Messiah, The True Story of L. Ron Hubbard", by Russell
  Miller, Penguin Books Ltd., 1987.
  by Charles Shapiro, Secretary, Georgia Skeptics

  L. Ron Hubbard achieved fame and wealth as the founder of two large
  pseudoscientific movements: Dianetics and Scientology. He and his

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  followers have written much about his life, little of which is
  true. This "unauthorized biography" tells the real story, which, as
  Russell Miller says in his introduction, "is much more bizarre,
  much more improbable, than any of the lies."

  Miller is well qualified to write about Hubbard. He started
  reporting at twenty-one, and has been doing it for more than 30
  years. Miller's other books include a biography of Hugh Hefner and
  a book about the millionaire J. Paul Getty. The book was written in
  spite of threats of libel suits and defamatory letters to his
  publisher from the Church of Scientology.

  Much of "Bare-Faced Messiah" was gathered from face-to- face
  interviews, and the eye-witness accounts make the book exciting
  reading. Quotes are footnoted, and the book also has a full
  bibliography and index. This care is needed, since miller has a
  definite theses -- that L. Ron Hubbard was "one of the most
  successful and colourful confidence tricksters of the twentieth
  century."

  Miller's book chronicles Hubbard's life from his "Navy Brat"
  childhood, through his undistinguished Navy career, his three wives
  and five children, and his pulp writing and messianic periods. It
  is truly an amazing story. One fascinating sidelight was the
  prodigious amount of work Hubbard invested in telling lies. Hubbard
  didn't just lie -- he lied a lot, and all the time.

  The story also illustrates the down side of this lifestyle: Hubbard
  was desperately unhappy for much of his time as the guru of
  Scientology, convinced that a myriad of people and organizations
  were conspiring to kill him and take his power. He also apparently
  started to believe some of the things he said, with predictably
  disastrous results. The stories of the presentation of the first
  person to be made a superman by Dianetics, and of untrained
  landsmen trying to pilot a seagoing trawler in the Mediterranean
  are by turns harrowing and hilarious.

  "Bare-Faced Messiah" has some weaknesses. Miller accepts at face
  value a story about a "cruel, post-hypnotic trick" which Hubbard
  was said to have played early in his career. The trick, which
  involved hypnotizing someone to believe that he was unable to let
  go of a red-hot railing, "only later came to light..." in a session
  with a "professional hypnotist". Given the extreme suggestibility
  of hypnotizing people, the entire incident may well have been
  fabricated under hypnosis. This is an interesting lapse, because a
  hypnotic process called "auditing" lies at the heart of much of
  Scientology's doctrine. I would also have liked to hear more about
  the neologisms and ideas that Scientologists use, which seem to
  have grown up in response to the extremely confused and improbable
  doctrine expounded by Hubbard.

  "Bare-Faced Messiah" is an entertaining and frightening tale. The
  book makes a good gift to anyone who has contact with Scientology.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  -THE GEORGIA SKEPTIC (4:1)


  VOLUNTEERS FOR 1991 CSICOP CONFERENCE IN BERKELEY

  The following have kindly volunteered their services to help make
  the conference a success. In alphabetical order, they are ...

  => Yves Barbero
  => Lucinda Ben-David
  => Ralph Carmichael
  => Judy Daar
  => Keith Dabney
  => Don Henvick
  => Dan Dugan - Sound and Audio
  => Stan Isaacs - VIP Limousine Services
  => Rick Moen - Chair, Steering Committee and Volunteer Committee
  => Kathy Pinna - Usher Supervisor
  => Francis Rigney
  => Wilma Russell
  => Jerry Schwartz
  => Gil Shapiro - Vice-Chair, Steering Committee
  => Terry Simmon
  => Kate Talbot
  => Laurel Tuck
  => Quentin Tuck
  => Ray Westergard - VIP Limousine Services
  => Tom Woosnam


  LASER PRINTER?

  Does anyone have a working laser printer he'd like to donate to
  "BASIS"?

  We've always been fortunate in having first-rate computing
  equipment available to us for final drafts from our dedicated
  subscribers. But it'd be really nice to have even a basic machine
  available at the editor's office to view working drafts without
  traveling across town.

  Contact Yves Barbero at 415-285-4358.


  Make plans now to join us at the
  1991 CSICOP CONFERENCE
  Hosted by the Bay Area Skeptics, and co-sponsored by CSICOP
  and the University of California at Berkeley Physics Department
  CLAREMONT RESORT HOTEL
  Berkeley/Oakland Hills, California
  Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, May 3-5, 1991


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  Keynote Address: "In Search of Our Origins", by Donald C.
  Johanson, President, Institute of Human Origins, Berkeley

  (See the Spring 1991 issue of the "Skeptical Inquirer" for details
  and registration information. Volunteers are still needed. Time is
  short. Call Rick Moen, the head of the volunteer committee, by
  dialing LOGICAL, or drop by the registration table. It's never too
  late.)


  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling
  Kate Talbot


  "BASIS" STAFF:

  Yves Barbero, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Wilma Russell, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


  CALENDAR
  May meeting...
  1991 CSICOP CONFERENCE
  DONALD C. JOHANSON
  President, Institute of Human Origins, Berkeley
  Keynote Speaker

  Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, May 3-5, 1991
  Claremont Resort Hotel
  Berkeley/Oakland Hills

  Directions: Ashby Avenue Exit, Highway 80, west until you see a
  huge white Art-Deco building to your left.

  Watch for coming events in the BAS Calendar, or call 415-LA-TRUTH
  for up-to-the-minute details on events. If you have ideas about
  topics or speakers, leave a message on the hotline.


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board, or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the May, 1991 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928, or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1991 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1991 05.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
