{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T16:26:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 77292, "source_ctime_ns": 1790181369876206463, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1992-10.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790181369873558314, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1992-10.pdf", "source_sha256": "930059feee90146b9f2822d489b02bab87fc8032640cb9bc78873d947359b9b1"}

---------------------------------------------------------
  October 1992 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ---------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 11, No. 10
              Editor: Rick Moen


  INSIDE . . .

  Frequently Asked Questions
     by Officers of local skeptics' groups
  BAS Annual Picnic
    by John Taube
  Lake Champlain Monster
  Earthquake Predictions
  EuroSkeptics Book Available
  Welcome from NTS
    by John Blanton
  Fate Magazine Considered
    by Rick Moen
  Nutrition Book Review
    by Michell Renee Dick
  Meeting Coordinator
    by John Taube
  Crop Circles
    by Gary Posner, M.D.
  Nostradamus Strikes Again!
    by Michael Savastio


  DON HENVICK: HEALED FIVE TIMES!
  by James Randi

  [Ed. note: This article is reprinted from the Summer 1986
  issue of "Free Inquiry", by kind permission of Executive Editor Tim
  Madigan. This was the issue containing James Randi's expose of
  faith-healer Rev. Peter Popoff (and numerous others), in which
  many BAS activists had assisted. Our "well-healed" Mr.
  Henvick will discuss his experiences at our October meeting.]

  Don Henvick, of Bay Area Skeptics, proved to be a valuable part of the
  faith-healing research team. Volunteering his services for the
  Committee for the Scientific Examination of Religion, Don dressed in
  various disguises, even going so far as to shave his beard and head.
  He was able to present a convincing and tempting target for the
  faith-healers. In Stockton, California, he was called out of the
  audience as "Tom Hendry", a fictitious name, by the Reverend David
  Paul, and was healed of a "broken home and alcoholism". In San
  Francisco, the Reverend Peter Popoff succumbed, as well, calling out
  our man as "Tom Hendry", and curing him of the same problems. In


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  Anaheim, Don scored again when Popoff fell for another of his aliases,
  this time calling him again out as "Vergil Jorgenson", and attempted
  to heal a bogus "serious arthritic condition".

  Subsequently, Popoff broadcast both of these healings on his shows,
  apparently so enthralled by Henvick's acting abilities that he even
  featured Don's Anaheim healings on three successive programs. Popoff
  again fell for Henvick's charms in Detroit, where Don dressed as
  "Bernice Manicoff", suffering from "uterine cancer and edema" and
  confined to a wheelchair. Her doctor was Dr. Kurtz. Don provided this
  information to Popoff before the healing session, and Popoff again
  called him out -- this time as "Bernice" -- and healed him.

  Don Henvick also went to Philadelphia on April 19, where the Reverend
  W.V. Grant approached him before the performance and questioned him
  about personal details. Later that evening, he called him out during
  the service as "Abel McMinn", cured him of a "prostate condition and
  arthritis", and identified Dr. Lambert as his physician, whom Don had
  invented. . . .

  As detailed elsewhere in this issue, other "healees" planted by the
  Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Religion were Ivars
  Lauersons, Marty Post, and Steven Schaefersman. The reason that CSER
  used this ploy in the course of its investigation was to show that
  there were only two conclusions to be drawn: EITHER God was informing
  Grant and Popoff through the "gifts of the spirit" and giving them
  wrong information, OR the Reverends Grant and Popoff were obtaining
  the fictitious information before the service began, and were feeding
  it back by deceitful means. Either God was lying to the faith-healers,
  or the faith-healers were lying to everybody.


  FLYING SAUCER-GATE

  Yet another transparent government cover-up! This time, it was a
  brilliant "flash" UFO seen all over California on Tuesday, 15
  September, and called in to talk shows and local news stations all
  over the state.

  "They" tell us that it was just another missile launch from Vandenberg
  Air Force Base near Santa Barbara, shot over the ocean to the central
  lagoon of the Pacific atoll of Kwajalein (used as a target for U.S.
  military practice shots). Yes, we saw launch footage and government
  claims of "atmospheric conditions", leading to reports of unusual
  lights in the sky.

  We won't be fooled, though, will we?


  FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS, OR "SO YOU'RE A SKEPTIC"
  by Rick Moen and distinguished colleagues


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  Most members of the public (and the press) think being a skeptic is an
  odd thing to do -- if it occurs to them to think about it at all. The
  questions long-time skeptics tend to hear from them, usually the same
  questions year after year, strongly reflect this prejudice. Your
  questioner may be moderately curious about your strange hobby, and
  willing to make conversation about it, but is generally one step away
  from dismissing skeptics as an odd sort of blowhard crank harassing
  (for some reason) harmless New Agers, and is just looking for an
  excuse to do just that. Nonetheless, this is your opening, your chance
  to establish that you are a reasonable, intriguing person worth
  listening to, and also your chance to start dispelling misconceptions
  widely held concerning skeptics, often spread by hostile parties.

  Having brought this matter up at the recent CSICOP "Skeptic's Toolbox"
  workshop in Oregon, I was assigned the project of compiling a list of
  the most common questions and some effective answers. "Effective" here
  means not so much providing a literal answer as conveying a sense of
  humor and proportion, and an air of benignity, tolerance, respect for
  one's audience, and due modesty -- for THOSE are the very qualities
  the questioner (most often) expects not to find. At that point, THEN,
  you may be taken seriously and listened to -- which is why making a
  good first impression on these near-inevitable first questions is so
  important.

  I've had considerable help in compiling these questions and answers
  from across the skeptics' movement, via electronic mail: Becky Long,
  President of Georgia Skeptics; Keith Parsons, founder and former head
  of the Georgia group; and Jan Willem Nienhuys, officer of the Dutch
  group Stichting Skepsis, all contributed responses, marked below with
  our initials. This is an ONGOING project, whose results may eventually
  be included in a handbook for skeptical activists. Your contributions
  of brief answers AND QUESTIONS are welcome.

  => If it doesn't hurt anyone, why bother?

  RM: Skeptics are simply curious about which fringe-science claims have
  merit, and which don't. It's a hobby. Of course, some such claims
  (like psychic surgery) DO hurt people, and skeptics disclose that.
  Other claims don't hurt people, but that's beside the point -- is the
  claim BOGUS or not? Many fringe-science fans consider truth merely a
  booby prize. Skeptics don't: Although they don't claim to have a
  lockhold on it, they DO pursue it.

  JWN: Good point. If ignorance doesn't hurt you, then don't become a
  skeptic. Much superstition makes life quite miserable for quite a few
  people. Having millions of people killed because of
  pseudoscientifically bolstered race theories shouldn't happen again.
  More people than you think are ripped off by the paranormal racket,
  e.g., [provide anecdote]. Billions of dollars are being spent on very
  doubtful cures -- so people's wallets ARE hurt.

  KP: Selling out your intellect is always going to hurt you --
  financially, intellectually, and even emotionally. Anyone who thinks
  that entertaining nonsensical beliefs aren't harmful should read W. K.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  Clifford's essay, "The Ethics of Belief", which makes and wonderfully
  illustrates the point that we should not form beliefs except on
  adequate evidence and sound reasoning. Accepting shoddy beliefs can
  erode your whole way of thinking.

  => You say it doesn't work, but how do you explain x anecdote?

  RM: Hey, you got it wrong: I never volunteered to explain everyone's
  weird stories. Of course, I like weird stories, especially unexplained
  ones, but some are unexplained because of missing details or ones that
  the questioner (totally honestly) has gotten wrong, and maybe some
  will never be explained. The point is for YOU, not me, to look for
  alternative, conventional explanations before jumping to conclusions.
  Now, if you want, I can tell you about a similar, baffling case that I
  DID explain when I chased down enough facts. . . .

  JWN: I haven't been there, and I can't form an opinion on the accuracy
  of the witness involved (erring is human), but [other anecdote about
  same or related matter].

  KP: When the evidence for the claim is an anecdote, that's precisely
  the reason I don't have to explain it. Uncorroborated anecdotes are
  worth very little, for many reasons: They must generally be unusual,
  to stick in our memory, and therefore aren't representative. Also,
  most anecdotes have been told and retold, and become closer to
  folklore than to real evidence. Even when it's something one person
  says he himself remembers, memory can play numerous tricks, and is
  less a tape recorder than a village storyteller. In a sense, each time
  we recall events, we tell ourselves a story reconstructed to fit our
  beliefs, wishes, and expectations.

  => What do skeptics believe, anyhow? What's a skeptic?

  RM: You might as well ask what a carpenter believes. Carpentry isn't a
  belief: It's the effective application of tools. That's also what
  skeptics do, in their case with MENTAL tools applied to claims on the
  fringes of science, tools like scientific methods, old-fashioned
  footwork, and checking whether those claims contradict themselves.

  JWN: Someone who is interested in examining paranormal and other
  claims that seem to contradict scientific knowledge. They believe in
  tests. Skeptics, by the way, are usually interested in testing things
  that official science finds a bit below its dignity.

  KP: The kind of skepticism that skeptics' organizations practice is
  the kind espoused by scientists. Skeptics welcome new ideas, but
  suspend belief until a claim has been subjected to a conclusive test.
  They don't accept a theory just because it sounds appealing, or makes
  them feel good.

  => When did you become a skeptic?

  BL: I joined organized skepticism as soon as I discovered that there
  actually were folks out there scientifically investigating

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  supernatural claims, instead of dismissing them out of hand. I suppose
  I didn't quite know what to make of the whole unsolved mysteries media
  genre: Although I didn't believe the supernatural explanations, at
  some level I naively assumed that "they" (something like the FDA)
  wouldn't allow publication or TV-special coverage of such claims
  unless the descriptions were at least somewhat truthful. Learning how
  many of the most familiar claims are fabrications from start to finish
  was an eye-opener.

  RM: That's kind of like asking me when I finally started thinking just
  a bit. I've always been a bit interested in this stuff because it's
  fun, but noticed organized skeptics' efforts starting in 1975, and in
  1982 found a local group that intrigued and entertained me enough to
  get involved with it. Maybe I was given a push when my congressman,
  Leo Ryan, was murdered by a sometime faith-healer and his cult in
  Guyana, in 1978.

  KP: The first time I realized I had been duped by something. As a
  child, I really wanted to believe in flying saucers, the Loch Ness
  Monster, ghosts, and the like. At some point, I began to realize on
  what a shoddy basis it all was built. Becoming skeptical was not,
  however, a datable experience like being "born again": Skepticism is
  something you grow into, as you learn about critical thinking.

  => What do skeptics think about spiritual matters? Are skeptics
  atheists?

  RM: No, skeptics basically aren't involved with religious issues, and
  their own religious beliefs, in their private lives, are all over the
  map. Religion is mostly concerned with questions like "what must I do
  and not do" and "what must I take on pure faith". Skeptics AS SKEPTICS
  are curious about claims (on the fringes of science) that can be
  checked for evidence, not about morals or pure faith. However, some
  matters of EVIDENCE that are CALLED religious, such as faith-healing
  and so-called scientific creationism, are skeptics' business as
  testable claims, rather than as religion.

  JWN: Most skeptics I know are agnostic (atheist sounds like someone
  actively opposing something and preaching about his/her belief), but
  as a rule, skeptics don't interfere with others' beliefs or faith,
  unless empirical claims are made (like weeping Madonnas, Indian
  statues that can make women pregnant, or faith-healers using tricks,
  or people who say they can fly). Non- interference with religion and
  faith is more or less standard policy for skeptic organizations. An
  exception is India, where lots of people proclaim themselves godmen on
  the basis of simple magic tricks.

  KP: Religious orientation varies with the individual. Some skeptics
  hold religious beliefs; quite a few are agnostic. In my experience,
  skeptics tend not to be dogmatic atheists, because being dogmatic
  about anything goes against the skeptical attitude.

  => What do skeptics do that's constructive? Isn't skepticism a
  negative concept?

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  RM: First, skeptics have fun looking at fringe claims to see if they
  might have merit, and often actually hope they do. At worst, that's
  harmless. Second, when skeptics do a good job, they help people avoid
  wasting their time on notions that don't pan out. I'm grateful for
  being steered away from wild-goose chases, aren't you? Sounds
  constructive to me! Third, on rare occasions, we've confirmed that
  we've actually saved lives. [Describe helping Randi with faith-healing
  investigations. . . .]

  JWN: They figure out what's behind all kinds of strange things.
  Usually, reality is more wonderful than what's dreamt of in all
  superstitious philosophies.

  KP: T. H. Huxley said that someone who clears the weeds and thistles
  from a field does service, just as much as someone who comes along
  later and plants an edible plant or grain. So, skepticism is certainly
  worthwhile. More than that, though, skeptics do many constructive
  things, such as encouraging logic and critical thinking, and promoting
  science education.

  => Shouldn't people have a right to believe whatever they want? Who
  elected you thought police?

  BL: I believe thought control occurs when misinformation is knowingly
  propagated, depriving people of their right to base their beliefs on
  the facts.

  RM: Of course people should believe what they want, and skeptics
  wouldn't want it any other way. Also, they CAN'T be thought police,
  even if skeptics wanted to, since all they do is give out information
  -- usually information most people haven't seen or thought about. If
  anything is thought control, it would have to be DEPRIVING people of
  skeptics' work and ideas. Skeptics want to give ALL explanations a
  fair chance on their merits, while many less critical paranormal fans
  don't. Who are the thought police, then?

  JWN: We are more like a consumer's organization. We provide
  information to anyone who is interested, and we challenge those who
  are actively trying to sell worthless or doubtful information.

  KP: Of course, anyone has a right to his own opinions, and no one
  should be persecuted over personal beliefs. Skepticism is not a
  religious movement to convert the unrighteous, nor are skeptics
  busybodies out to set everyone else straight. Basically, we advocate
  being an educated consumer in a huckster-filled marketplace of ideas.
  People have a right to believe whatever they want, and skeptics have a
  right to question it. Ours is a small voice, hardly anybody's "thought
  police".

  => What do you get out of being a skeptic?

  RM: Entertainment. An excellent chance to make a fool of myself in
  public. On rare occasions, a suspicion that I might be doing someone


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  some good.

  JWN: I meet interesting people. I find a way to explain about science
  to people who would otherwise not be interested.

  => Skeptics want to give all explanations a fair chance on their
  merits, while many less critical paranormal fans don't.

  KP: I feel I am making a contribution to something I consider
  important. I also admit to a mildly vindictive pleasure when I see
  rip-off artists and con-men (by no means all those making paranormal
  claims) exposed for what they are.

  => Isn't skepticism a closed-minded, dogmatic position? How can you
  pretend to do impartial inquiry when you are logical
  positivists/fundamentalist materialists/secular humanists/
  reductionists/scientific realists . . . ?

  RM: Look, if I partook of ALL the highly varied ideologies I've been
  accused of mindlessly following as a skeptic, I'd be one horribly
  confused little guy. However, this misses the point: Skeptics DON'T
  ASK to be trusted on faith, based on their personal impeccability:
  Things they say either have merit or don't, and you can judge that for
  yourself. They AIM for impartial inquiry, but it's the RESULTS' merit,
  not THEIR merit, that either stands on its own or doesn't. You be the
  judge.

  JWN: We don't like inquiry in matters of opinion: If someone says he
  always knows in advance whether the baby is a boy or girl, some people
  may think this nonsense, others believe it immediately, but the
  skeptic would be interested in testing. (Often, scientists don't like
  to do that, because they think it's a waste of time).

  KP: These labels don't reflect the way skeptics are, but rather the
  way true believers see or want to see them. To true believers, anyone
  who even mildly questions their precious beliefs is not just wrong but
  also a dogmatist or dangerous fanatic. Statements like this attempt to
  brush aside skeptics' reasoning by attacking them personally. (One
  would be hard pressed to find a single living, breathing logical
  positivist on earth, today.)

  Skeptics are open-minded, in that solid evidence DOES persuade them.
  Having an open mind doesn't mean refusing to learn from experience:
  After disproving 100 poltergeist cases, you hold out little hope for
  case 101. Skeptics will be persuaded if the evidence warrants, but
  have high standards for what they WILL believe.

  => Have you ever had what you considered a genuine psychic experience?
  What would convince you that a particular claim is genuine?

  BL: I've had a few intriguing experiences that I can't explain, and
  that friends have adamantly labeled psychic, but I don't have the ego
  to think that when I can't personally explain something, that means
  it's contrary to the laws of nature! It's reasonable to ask a skeptic

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  what evidence would convince him of a particular claim's validity.
  However, the focus should be on the weight of the evidence, itself:
  The claim's validity doesn't hang on whether a particular skeptic is
  convinced.

  RM: I've had experiences I FOOLED MYSELF into thinking were genuinely
  paranormal -- specifically deja vu sensations. I've also seen eerie
  lights in the sky. The former are well-known quirks of brain function
  that I didn't understand at the time, and the latter I never did chase
  down, and no longer remember enough details. Those aside, as far as I
  know, I've never had a paranormal experience -- yet. The point is that
  I fool myself and jump to conclusions like anyone else, which is why
  magicians love people like me as audiences. The point is NOT to claim
  that people don't have anomalous experiences (they do), but rather to
  find the best INTERPRETATION for them, instead of jumping for a
  psychic one. [Tell story about Randi being amazed by Arthur G. Lintgen
  successfully "reading" classical records' grooves.]

  As far as a particular claim being genuine, I'd do my best on my own,
  investigating it. Then, if it still looked interesting, I'd bow to
  real expertise and find out what a VARIETY of people who REALLY know
  the subject think. (That's where "skeptical" experts help, by adding
  to the variety of views to consider.) I'd try to figure out how
  preliminary the results are. I'd consider alternative interpretations.
  In the end, I'd either say "yes", "no", or "I don't think we know yet"
  -- judging each case uniquely.

  JWN: No. The closest was a vivid dream of my mother the day after she
  died. I'd be convinced by a recipe for a not too complicated
  experiment that can be done by anybody and that consistently yields
  the claimed results.

  => What about [cases of skeptics making intolerant statements;
  lawsuits against skeptics; sundry controversies]?

  RM: Well, first, skeptics aren't perfect: They lose patience, they
  lose tempers, they make mistakes. They're also perceived as a threat
  to some very lucrative businesses that don't appreciate critical
  scrutiny. So, they must be extremely careful, and expect to pay dearly
  if they mess up. Second, unfortunately, any crank or zealot can call
  himself a skeptic, and some do. Therefore, SOME statements by
  self-described skeptics I absolutely disavow. However, respectable
  skeptics' GROUPS make every effort to get rid of people like that,
  make amends for their misdeeds, and distance the groups from them.
  This is far more than you see from uncritical fringe-science groups,
  and what more can one do?

  KP: As with all organizations, many people who call themselves
  skeptics make statements not in keeping with skeptical ideals, and
  they SHOULD be criticized by other skeptics. However, intolerance
  among skeptics is unquestionably less common than some claim: Often,
  the very act of questioning cherished belief systems is automatically
  labeled intolerance. It is NOT intolerant to criticize shoddy
  thinking, poor logic, fallacies, and manufactured evidence. If that's

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  intolerance, then I'm happy to admit that I'm intolerant.


  ANOTHER GRAND PICNIC
  by John Taube

  It couldn't be done! The Baumgartners tried to outdo their previous
  bar-b-que/picnics -- and the August one of this year was just great.

  The picnic grounds were good; the food was, as usual, super. Moen's
  pies were the highlight of the dessert table. Sperling, Henvick, and
  Steiner, the main thrust of the entertainment, were really good,
  again.

  However, it rained on our picnic! I said that I was not going to take
  a chance again, and, on the NEXT picnic, was going to come prepared
  and bring my overcoat. I was one of the Chicken Littles who went home
  when the rain came.

  Well, John, leave your overcoat home, next time. Carol Baumgartner,
  our neophyte psychic who got her training at the CSICOP workshop in
  Eugene, tells us that she can influence weather, and can guarantee a
  perfect day for us.

  [Editor comments: Maybe somebody was trying to tell us something!
  After a clear summer morning, a freak thunderstorm descended on us,
  just as the feast got underway -- with actual lightning strikes to the
  ground visible right in the park. Understandably, more than half the
  attendees beat a hasty retreat to their cars, but the remainder struck
  out for the adjacent elementary school's covered walkways, for the
  magic show and al fresco banquet. Magicians Henvick and Steiner were
  duly accused of arranging all the flashy special effects, but nothing
  could be pinned on them.

  No sooner did the picnic wind down than the storm disappeared
  completely: Some thirty slightly damp, overstuffed picnickers emerged
  to blink at the suddenly bright sunshine. (Calling Charles Fort!) This
  bit of Technicolor weirdness notwithstanding, everyone had a wonderful
  time. Be certain to come next year: There's something for everyone,
  including us dessert-hounds.]


  "I respect faith, but doubt is what gets you an education."
                          -- Wilson Mizner


  NESSIE EMIGRATES?

  "Unsolved Mysteries" of Wednesday 23 September featured a segment on
  the Lake Champlain (New York) "monster". Did we see good, clear photos
  of the beastie? Take a wild guess.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  No, according to skeptic David Bloomberg: What we saw was a bit of
  video footage showing nothing more than bumps in the water, which the
  witnesses were nonetheless SURE were really a GROUP of monsters! One
  of the photographers claimed that a monster raised its head out and
  STARED RIGHT AT HER, but the camera was pointed the wrong way. Darn!
  Don't you hate it when that happens?

  The prize evidence in this case, though, was a print photo from a
  woman who, we are told, was so embarrassed that she threw the negative
  away, retaining only the print. Fortunately, she overcame this shyness
  long enough to provide the latter to a visiting "researcher", who then
  made it public. (BAS will gladly hold people's embarrassing
  cryptozoological negatives for them, to help ward off all those nasty
  suspicious types suggesting that PHOTO HOAXES might be easier without
  inconvenient scrutiny of the original film.)

  Narrator Robert Stack intoned to the viewers that there were numerous
  other sightings, just after the picture was published. Imagine that!


  MA NATURE'S WAKE-UP CALL

  Bay Area Skeptics has made something of a tradition of unsportingly
  reviewing the accuracy of psychic predictions AFTER the fact, in
  "BASIS's" much-quoted year-end articles. Naturally, we get lots of
  California earthquake predictions.

  Just to get a head-start on the whole affair, here are a couple from
  clairvoyant Gordon-Michael Scallion of New Hampshire (a safe distance,
  one assumes): His newsletter claims that Sonoma County's due for a bit
  of rockin' and rollin' by September 28th (a Richter 7.8, give or take
  0.4), and San Diego will get a 7.1 by October 14th. Scallion says he
  pegged the Florida hurricane in advance, bang-on, and claims in
  general such accuracy that the U.S. Geological Survey and National
  Weather Service might as well retire now and save face.

  You can see all this for yourself, you closed-minded scoffers, by
  sending a note to the Matrix Institute, RR1 Box 391, Westmoreland, NH
  03467 (tel. 603-399-4916). Best of all is his color, 22"x34" "Future
  Map of the United States". Suffice it to say that you'll be able to
  get beach-front property in Denver, and Atlantis will be making a
  comeback, just off Miami. Just $11.95. "Not Sold in Stores!" The map
  comes annotated with "Early Warning Signs, Migration Regions,
  Political Changes, Weather Insights", etc. Great stuff!

  Better ScotchGard it, though: If Scallion's giving us the straight
  dope, you could be in for a truly horrendous mildew problem.


  EUROSKEPTICS BOOK AVAILABLE


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  Last October 4-5, in Amsterdam, the Dutch group "Stichting Skepsis"
  hosted a landmark gathering of speakers on fringe-science topics from
  all over Europe, plus some very familiar American names. Now, just
  hitting the printing presses is the resulting book, "Science or
  Pseudo? The Mars Effect and Other Claims: Proceedings of the Third
  EuroSkeptics Congress," edited by Jan Willem Nienhuys. While this 200+
  page English-language volume had not yet been released at this
  writing, the list of topics sounds very promising. To quote from the
  editor:

       Read articles by Kurtz, Hines and Randi. The inside story on
       crop circles. The last word about the famous Mars effect of
       Gauquelin and the amazing defense of Madame Fran‡oise
       Schneider-Gauquelin! The saga of a successful rebuttal of a
       creationist claim, the value of psychotherapy, and what you
       wanted to know about quantum mechanics (but were afraid to ask).

  The price of this work will be DFL 25.00, including shipping -- which
  works out at this date to a bit less than $16.00. (I'm sure a gift of
  four more dollars would be appreciated by Stichting Skepsis.) Payment
  can be made by VISA, MasterCard, Eurocard, Diners Club, or American
  Express (no checks, please), and should be mailed to J.W. Nienhuys,
  Dommelseweg 1A, 5581 VA Waalre, The Netherlands, OR sent by fax to
  011-31-40436685 or 011-31-40463992, marked to the attention of J.W.
  Nienhuys. You must include your card number, expiration date, your
  signature, and a statement that you want the EuroSkeptics book at an
  amount of at least DFL 25.00.

  A listing of the presentations follows: In the Eye of the Beholder:
  The Psychology of Paranormal Belief (Paul Kurtz), The World According
  to Quantum Mechanics (J. Hilgevoord), Should the State Interfere in
  Paranormal Practices? (Steven F. Hartkamp), Skeptics and
  Parapsychologists. Let's Cooperate! (Rob H. Nanninga), The Struggle of
  Alternative Medicine for Recognition (Wim Betz), Science in Everyday
  Life (M. Heap), Placebo Practitioners (Terence Hines),
  Psychotherapists as Native Healers from Park Avenue to Borneo (Terence
  Hines), Looking for a Witness of the Flood (Michael E. Howgate), A
  Pedagogical Project of Paranormal Research in an Engineering School
  (Claudio Benski), A Test of Dowsing Claims in Kassel. Aims, Methods,
  Results (Robert Koenig, Juergen Moll, James Randi, and Amardeo Sarma),
  Crop Circle Expertise (Martin Hempstead), Introduction to the Mars
  Effect (J.W. Nienhuys), Spurious Periodicities in Planetary
  Correlations and the Mars Effect (Cornelis de Jager and Rieks Jager),
  Circannual and Circadian Biological Rhythms in Relation to Eminency
  (P.H. Jongbloet), The Mars Effect Unriddled (Carl E. Koppeschaar),
  Mars Effect Survives Critique of Dutch Skeptics (Suitbert Ertel),
  Examining Rational Explanations of the Mars Effect (Fran‡oise
  Schneider-Gauquelin).

  This appears to be one to get and keep handy as a reference!


  "Nothing so much needs reforming as other people's habits."

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
                               -- Mark Twain


  WELCOME FROM THE NORTH TEXAS SKEPTICS
  by John Blanton

  To all attending the October CSICOP Conference in Dallas: The members
  of the North Texas Skeptics welcome you.

  We are proud to be hosting the conference this year, and we look
  forward to seeing you at the Conference. The NTS will have a desk set
  up in the lobby, at which you will be able to obtain:

  1. Information about the NTS.
  2. Help and assistance in finding your way around the Dallas area.
  3. A daily information sheet about the Conference.
  4. Messages left there by others trying to contact you.

  If we can be of any assistance prior to the conference, please
  contact, me, John Blanton, Secretary, North Texas Skeptics, P.O. Box
  111794, Carrollton, TX 75011-1794, (214) 416- 8038, signing for: Joe
  Voelkering (President), Laura Ainsworth (Vice President), Mark Meyer
  (Treasurer), Ron Hastings (Director), and Mary O'Grady (Director).


  EDITORIAL: WHAT'S GOOD ABOUT "FATE"

  This month, we are in the quite delightful position of having TOO MANY
  GOOD ARTICLES TO PRINT (but don't stop writing!). So, many things will
  have to be delayed to November, and this editorial will be a short
  one. Last month's promise to start surveying the Bay Area's often
  wild-and-woolly New Age institutions (a daunting task!) will, in
  particular, have to be put off for a month. What we DO CONTINUE to
  need is local stories and newspaper clippings. Please consider
  starting (for BAS's benefit) a "weird things" file: I'll photocopy and
  return your submissions, and will greatly appreciate your help.

  Judging from the response to my first issue (9/92), I seemed to have
  annoyed a couple of people and satisfactorily entertained the rest --
  which I would call an auspicious start, suitable for building on. So,
  in that same spirit, I'd like to say a few appreciative (if
  judiciously qualified) words on behalf of "Fate" magazine.

  It would seem safe to observe that "Fate" -- a venerable
  pro-paranormal/spiritualist monthly founded in 1948 by pulp sci-fi
  editor and UFO-yarn promoter Raymond A. Palmer -- doesn't care ONE BIT
  for skeptics. It published in 1981 Dennis Rawlins's extremely long,
  rambling anti-CSICOP rant, "sTARBABY", and every issue, without fail,
  has had one or more angry reference to us nasty, evil, closed-minded
  (if not government-paid) skeptics, sometimes descending into
  more-than-tacky personal attacks.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  Ignoring this fixation, which gets a little tedious, "Fate" always has
  interesting articles from the whole range of fringe-science claims,
  and the ads alone make it worth a peek. (A future issue of "BASIS"
  will almost certainly review this magazine properly.) The September
  "Fate", though, has something truly praiseworthy: a broad-minded but
  tough and well-researched DEBUNKING OF PSYCHIC CON ARTISTS by Bay Area
  parapsychologist and conjurer Loyd Auerbach, in his regular column,
  "Psychic Frontiers".

  The article describes in detail one variety of gypsy-style
  psychic-reading confidence scam, of the sort that annually take untold
  amounts of money from victims impressed by simple magic tricks.
  Auerbach, trained as an anthropologist and a student of genuine Gypsy
  culture, points out in passing that the perpetrators are usually not
  Gypsy at all, and that these cons are hardly unique to that culture.
  Then he goes on to powerfully warn readers against some of the classic
  signs of psychic cons: cold readings, sudden needs for cash (that
  often mysteriously vanishes) to appease spirits, and so on.

  Above all else, Auerbach warns against throwing away one's
  decision-making faculties, when consulting spiritual advisors: "Beware
  of giving up responsibility for your own life to anyone else", he
  says. He closes with the hope that those seeing psychics will "do so
  with a bit of discrimination, and will consider carefully any and all
  instructions and advice given by the `reader'."

  I ask you: Isn't this a rare and fine public service? Writing to the
  audience some would say needs it more than most, in fair-minded
  language it will listen to, Auerbach delivered a powerful (and
  EMPOWERING) lesson in how not to be taken. I think this is worthy of
  our respect and admiration.


  POPULAR NUTRITIONAL PRACTICES
  Reviewed by Michelle Renee Dick

  Here's a book for those who enjoy critical analysis of fringe and
  pseudo-science. This one is on the subject of nutrition.

  TITLE: Popular Nutritional Practices: Sense and Nonsense.
  AUTHOR: Jack Z. Yetiv, M.D., Ph.D.
  PUBLISHER: Dell Publishing. (Gee, I'm surprised Prometheus didn't grab
  this one.)
  YEAR: 1986, 1988. (6 years old? How did I miss it for so long?)

  Covers homeopathy, herb treatment, food additives, fad diets,
  cholesterol cures, megavitamins, vegetarianism, and much more. There's
  a whole chapter on that dynamic duo, Pearson and Shaw, a fun few pages
  on (Un)Fit for Life, and a short discussion on the appropriateness of
  super-low-fat diets a la Pritiken (5-10% fat diets).

  I loved the section on Fit for Life. Lots of hilarious quotes from
  Diamond's book, and a little info on Mr. Diamond's "doctorate in

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  nutritional science from the American College of Health Science in
  Austin, Texas." A quotation from the book:

       ". . . [T]his institution is not even allowed to grant degrees
       in Texas -- the degrees have to come out of Mexico. . . .
       Furthermore, Texas has required this correspondence `school' to
       remove the word `college' from its title. . . . [All] that is
       necessary to get a `doctorate in nutritional science' is the
       payment of $1250 and the taking of a series of tests consisting
       of open-book questions. . . . [T]he only people that have
       flunked this program `are people who really couldn't read and
       write that well."

  What a riot!


  HELP WANTED
  by John Taube

  One important but little-recognized position in BAS is that of meeting
  coordinator. Kate Talbot has been handling this position for some
  time, and our interesting meetings are testimony to her success. Kate
  is planning an extensive trip, and BAS needs someone to temporarily
  take over her duties.

  Kate contacted many people without success. While Kate is gone, we
  will be working it this way: Everyone associated with BAS, either
  actively or as a subscriber to "BASIS", must consider him/herself as
  part of the staff of meeting coordinator.

  Maybe you have in mind some particular person who would make a good
  speaker. The person must be qualified to speak on any paranormal
  subject, any rip-off, or any science subject related to the fringes of
  science. We ask that you forward article(s) or other information
  on/about the person, and, if possible, an address/phone number. Send
  information to John Taube, 55 Chumasero 7E, San Francisco 94132, phone
  (415) 334-3733. Be sure to include your name and phone number.

  We also would appreciate all information about meeting places anywhere
  in the Bay Area that might be available free of charge. Please try to
  find such a place, and, if you do, contact the above.


  CROP CIRCLE SOLUTION?
  by Gary Posner, M.D.

  [Ed. note: This article first appeared in Tampa Bay Skeptics' journal,
  "TBS Report", of which Posner is editor.]

  Two bipedal humanoids have come forward to claim responsibility for
  the genesis of the "Crop Circle" craze. Initially appearing as simple
  circles confined to British wheat fields, the phenomenon has in recent

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  years become world-wide, with increasingly intricate geometric
  patterns being found in increasingly remote areas. As previously
  reported in "TBS Report," Richard Hoagland, author of "The Monuments
  of Mars" (and now the former "Science Advisor" to Chuck Harder's "For
  the People" radio program), claims to have found mathematical proof
  that the Martian "monuments" and the crop circles are related, and are
  conveying a message about the existence of an easily tapped
  fourth-dimensional source of free energy, rendering fossil fuels (and
  even solar cells) obsolete.

  To illustrate their point, Bower and Chorley, using their trusty, if
  primitive, wooden boards (and accompanied by a reporter), created a
  crop circle that author and self-styled expert Patrick Delgado
  declared the genuine article. Later confessing the obvious (that he
  had been duped in this instance), Delgado protested, "Yesterday, there
  were circles discovered on a prairie in Canada. Have these guys been
  out there with their board?"

  Delgado's associate, Colin Andrews, [Ed. note: Andrews and Delgado are
  authors of the leading book on crop circles, "Circular Evidence".] has
  been a bit more outspoken than his colleague. Appearing with Bower and
  Chorley on "Good Morning America", on September 10, Andrews railed:
  "These gentlemen cannot begin to account for the change in the
  crystalline structure of the plants . . . . They cannot explain what
  we have on film: the unusual objects seen actually in these crop
  circles . . . . It is most disturbing that . . . an irresponsible
  intrusion into this research, in the form of what appears to be a
  [British] national newspaper coup . . . has seen fit to go along with
  these gentlemen who . . . showed how clever they were in constructing
  a circle that was a mess in every respect . . . nothing like the
  phenomenon we've been looking at for the last 12 years."


  AT A LOSS FOR A PROPHET

  There's a long tradition of off-season April Fools pranks on the
  electronic mail forums. Occasionally, someone pulls a wonderful one on
  the Usenet Skeptics' forum (sci.skeptic), and we saw a beauty this
  past September 12th. The best part of this is the totally serious
  replies that immediately appeared, CRITICIZING SAVASTIO'S TRANSLATION,
  totally missing the hilarious disclaimers at the bottom, and the other
  broad tip-offs in the text. See, superior-grade street theater can be
  as close as your computer screen!

  From: Michael Savastio
  Re: Did Nostradamus predict the end of communism?

  Richard Long wrote: "Nostradamus's `Seventy-three years and seven
  months' in quatrain B.44 may mean the duration of the communistic
  regime in Russia. What does the original quatrain say?"

  Here is the quatrain of Nostradamus that foretells the fall of
  communism:

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  Original French:

  Nous sommes ici, mais ou sont tes amis, Alice
  La bas, sur l'herbe.
  Qui est le garcon en maillot rouge?
  C'est Guy, mon cousin. Et le garcon sous l'arbre est son compain.

  My Translation:

  A man with a map on his forehead shall rise and fall.
  Once a king, now he waits in line for toilet paper and chicken feet.
  The old man who rides the great eagle called it the evil empire.
  Three-score and thirteen years, and now bleeding-heart liberals are
    calling it the same.

  You'll have to forgive the lack of meter in my translation. I believe
  it is more important to capture the author's intent than to make it
  sound nice.

  As you can see, this quatrain (along with every other one written by
  Nostradamus) leaves a lot of room for speculation. You could say it
  refers to the fall of the Soviet Union, if you use your imagination,
  but I'm not totally convinced myself.


  THE SKEPTIC'S BOARD BBS

  Public computer access to worldwide and
  continent-wide discussion conferences, and
  worldwide e-mail through the Internet. Free
  of charge.

  (415) 572-0359 (San Mateo exchange), parameters 8N1.
  NOTE: THIS IS A NEW NUMBER!

  Speeds: 2400 through 14400 bps (V.32bis or HST).


  BAY AREA SKEPTICS

  Chair: Norman Sperling
  Vice-Chair: OPEN
  Secretary: Wilma Russell
  Treasurer: Lucinda Ben-David
  Directors: Barbara Bowman, Shawn Carlson, Larry Loebig, Rick Moen,
  Eugenie Scott, Kate Talbot
  "BASIS" staff:
  Rick Moen: Editor
  Wilma Russell: Distribution
  Kate Talbot: Meeting Coordinator


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


  CALENDAR
  October meeting . . .
  FLEECING THE FLOCK

  WHO: Don Henvick, Investigator
  WHERE: El Cerrito Library
  WHEN: Wednesday, 21 October
  TIME: 7:30 pm

  Don Henvick was part of a faith-healing investigation team headed by
  James (The Amazing) Randi. To avoid detection, Henvick donned five
  different disguises, and the self-proclaimed faith healers "cured" him
  of "illnesses". The first and second healers cured him of "broken-home
  syndrome" and "alcoholism"; the third of arthritic conditions, the
  fourth of a prostate condition and arthritis; the fifth (with Henvick
  in drag) of uterine cancer and edema. Henvick had none of these
  diseases -- certainly not uterine cancer. Henvick and the team want it
  understood that they are not anti-religious.

  The El Cerrito Public Library is at 6510 Stockton Ave. From Route
  80, take the Central Ave. exit (the third exit north of University
  Ave.). Go east about three blocks and turn left on San Pablo Ave.,
  continue three blocks and turn right on Stockton. The library is on
  the right in the third block.

  Watch for coming events in the BAS CALENDAR, or call 510-LA TRUTH
  for up-to-the-minute details on events. If you have ideas about
  topics or speakers leave a message on the hotline.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
  WARNING: We STRONGLY URGE that you call the hotline shortly before
  attending any Calendar activity to see if there have been any
  changes.


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board, or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the October, 1992 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can obtain
  a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY AREA
  SKEPTICS, 17723 Buti Park Ct., Castro Valley, CA 94546-1413, or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-572-0359) or on
  the 510-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1992 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 17723 Buti Park Ct., Castro
  Valley, CA 94546-1413."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1992 10.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:07]
