{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T09:55:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 65045, "source_ctime_ns": 1790214383172741815, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-06.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790214383169722127, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1987-06.pdf", "source_sha256": "ab982386284aec46c318c0eb7463a72cb8e36f79988edf9fb6c6338da054da87"}

------------------------------------------------------
  June 1987 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  ------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 6, No. 6
              Editor: Kent Harker


  "REAL" METAPHYSICS
  by Joseph Waterhouse

  [After having seen one too many "metaphysicals" plastered on occult
  presentations and writings I thought "BASIS" readers would like to
  have a clearer picture of what metaphysics is really about. The
  term is little understood even without the obfuscation contributed
  by the occult, and since it has more than one syllable it tends to
  lend profundity to otherwise vacuous constructs. The idea is, I
  think, that if one muddies the waters they appear deep.
  I asked Joseph Waterhouse, Asst. Prof. of Philosophy at San Jose
  State University to clarify the matter for us by presenting the
  elements of philosophic metaphysics.

  Dr. Waterhouse received his Ph.D. in scientific Philosophy at UCLA,
  and is published in professional journals. Our kind thanks to him
  for his considered effort. -- Ed.]

  It is somewhat embarrassing to philosophers that metaphysics, one
  of the central and most cherished areas of philosophy, is
  associated in popular thinking and writing with the occult. One
  wishes that philosophical metaphysics and occult metaphysics had
  different names. After all, astronomy is not embarrassed by the
  existence of astrology; chemistry is not embarrassed by the
  existence of alchemy and psychology is not embarrassed by the
  existence of parapsychology. On the other hand, philosophical
  metaphysics sometimes seems disreputable and discreditable only
  because it is associated in popular thinking with the occult.

  Sometimes students enroll in college metaphysics classes expecting
  to hear about mysticism, the zodiac, telekinesis, apparitions,
  omens, portents, numerology, metempsychosis, magic, incantations,
  astrology, hypnosis, hierarchies, theosophy, demons, sympathies,
  signs, images, witchcraft, potions, harmonies, illuminations, and
  the like. Shock, disappointment and anger sometimes follow when
  students with these expectations are told that philosophical
  metaphysics does not deal with occult topics. "Why not?" it is
  asked.

  Metaphysics, along with logic, ethics, aesthetics, and
  epistemology, is one of the five central fields of philosophy. Each
  of these five fields studies one or two central ideas. Logic
  attempts to determine what forms of reasoning are justifiable.
  Ethics attempts to distinguish ethical "goodness" from ethical


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  "badness," and "right" from "wrong." Aesthetics attempts to
  determine aesthetic goodness. Epistemology attempts to distinguish
  good from bad procedures for gaining knowledge. Metaphysics, as a
  philosopher understands it, studies various broad kinds of
  existence. Philosophers call these kinds of existence the
  "categories". Metaphysicians attempt to determine what the
  categories are, and what the fundamental characteristics of each
  are.

  The earliest and probably the most important metaphysician was
  Aristotle. The word "metaphysics" comes from the name some
  followers of Aristotle applied to one of his books. Among
  Aristotle's many writings was his book "Physics", dealing with the
  nature of matter and what Aristotle called the simple bodies --
  earth, air, fire and water -- out of which he believed all material
  things are made. The book placed by Aristotle's followers after his
  book on physics became known as Aristotle's "Metaphysics", meaning
  "after physics." Aristotle actually called the subject matter of
  this book "first philosophy."

  It was Aristotle's fundamental belief that the entire universe is
  ordered in a pattern of genus and species. He would gladly have
  welcomed the modern scientific idea that all living things belong
  to a biological classification system giving each organism's
  species, genus, family, etc. For Aristotle, everything in the
  universe, even non-living things, is ordered in such a systematic
  way, and the entire purpose of science is classification. Science
  aims to discover the universal order by locating all things in the
  universe in their true classes.

  Moreover, each class of things is studied by a particular science,
  according to Aristotle. Zoology is the science that studies
  animals; botany, plants; and biology is the more general science
  that studies living things. The general science that deals with
  physical things, whether living or not, for Aristotle, is physics.
  The science that studies the most general classes in the universe -
  - the categories -- is called by Aristotle "first science" or
  "first philosophy." First philosophy is distinguished from the
  particular sciences in that first philosophy studies the broadest
  classes in the overall genus-species system of the universe.

  According to Aristotle there are ten categories of things that
  first philosophy studies. The most important of these are
  substance, quality, relation and place. Everything that exists in
  the universe is first either a substance (e.g., a goat), a quality
  (e.g., white), a relation (e.g., offspring), a place (e.g., near
  the Red Sea), or one of the other broad ways of existing. First
  philosophy, for Aristotle, studies how things exist as substance,
  as quality, as relation, as place, and so on.

  Modern philosophy has introduced two related changes into
  Aristotle's general approach to metaphysics. First, modern
  philosophy has thrown out the idea that the entire universe is
  constructed on a genus and species pattern. In modern philosophy,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  only living things are seen as ordered in a genus and species
  pattern, and these species are seen as evolving. Aristotle rejected
  the idea that species evolve. Second, modern philosophy has
  introduced the idea that there are universal laws and causal
  connections underlying everything that exists and everything that
  happens. Today, philosophers see science as aiming not at a
  classification of items into their proper genus and species, but
  at the discovery of the underlying causal laws governing the
  universe.

  The most important metaphysician after Aristotle, and the first
  metaphysician capturing this modern approach, is Kant. Kant
  proposed twelve categories of existence, and introduced causality
  as one of these categories. Five of Kant's most important
  categories are substance, quality, causality, time and space.
  Today, two centuries after Kant, philosophers usually still treat
  these as five separate categories.

  It is possible to be a little more specific about each of these
  categories of existence. The best way to understand the major
  categories is to understand the kinds of questions philosophers
  ask about them, and the kinds of theories philosophers propose as
  answers to their questions. Consider the category of substance.
  The term "substance" was introduced by Aristotle to refer to
  particular things: this man, this goat, this house. Major
  philosophical questions about the category of substance include:
  (i) what are the defining characteristics of substance?; (ii) must
  the universe contain substances?; and (iii) how is one substance
  to be distinguished from any other?

  To illustrate metaphysical theories, consider a pair of theories
  proposed as answers to the first question. One theory about the
  defining characteristics of substance is that they are primary and
  simple. They are primary, it is argued by some, because the
  existence of anything else in the universe -- qualities, causality,
  time and space -- is dependent upon the existence of substances.
  They are simple, it is argued, because substances have a kind of
  unity, a oneness, that renders the several components of a goat,
  say, one goat.

  An alternative theory about the defining characteristics of
  substance is that substances need be neither primary nor simple.
  This side argues that substances are not primary because they could
  not exist if qualities, causality, time and space did not exist;
  and substances are not simple because whether a group of several
  components is regarded as a unity depends upon human thinking, not
  on the way the world is independent of human thinking. Neither side
  in this metaphysical dispute has won.

  Consider as a second example the category of time. Major
  metaphysical questions about the category of time include: (i) what
  is time? (ii) how is time to be distinguished from space? and (iii)
  is time something that has independent existence, or is its
  existence dependent upon and reducible to the existence of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  something else such as substance, matter, or events?

  To illustrate the kinds of metaphysical theories about time,
  consider a pair of theories proposed to answer the question: What
  is time? One theory is that time necessarily has a number of set-
   theoretical properties such as irreflexivity, asymmetry, and
  connectedness. On this theory, time is irreflexive because one
  event logically cannot be before itself; time is asymmetric because
  if one event is before a second then the second event logically
  cannot be before the first; and time is connected because given two
  non-simultaneous events, one logically must be before the other.

  A second theory is that time does not necessarily have the
  properties of irreflexivity, asymmetry, and connectedness.
  According to this view, if time is irreflexive, asymmetric and
  connected then this is a result of the physics of the universe, not
  the logic. This view says that a physical universe is possible in
  which one event is before itself, one event is both before and
  after a second event, and non-simultaneous events are neither
  before nor after each other. This side of the dispute constructs
  models of such a universe which arguably are logically possible.
  For example, it is argued that a temporally cyclical universe
  would, under certain conditions, be reflexive and symmetric.

  Without giving any further examples of metaphysical disputes, it
  is possible to see the broad differences between what philosophers
  regard as metaphysics and what occultists regard as metaphysics.
  The main difference is that only philosophical metaphysics is
  concerned with theories about what categories must exist if there
  is to be universe at all. Philosophers propose that if there is to
  be a universe at all then the universe must contain certain
  categories. A typical twentieth-century metaphysician will propose,
  for example, that the universe without substances, qualities,
  causality, time and space -- or some portion of these -- or these
  plus some other categories, cannot exist. It is argued, for
  example, that if substances do not exist, or if time does not
  exist, then a universe is impossible.

  The two key features of philosophical metaphysics, then, are that
  (1) it is concerned with categories rather than with specific kinds
  of existence; and (2) it is concerned with what logically must
  exist rather than with what as a matter of fact does exist.
  Metaphysicians attempt to discover the logical categories of the
  universe.

  On the other hand, occultist metaphysics seems to be concerned with
  theories about (1) specific objects or forces that (2) may exist
  within the universe. Occultist metaphysics is not designed to show
  that a universe must logically contain a general category, but that
  it factually does contain some specific object or force such as an
  image or an illumination. Occultist metaphysics does not seem to
  try to prove that a universe without these objects or forces is
  impossible. Instead, they seem to try to believe that some specific
  experience or events should lead us to accept various hypotheses

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  about the existence of these objects or forces.

  To a PHILOSOPHER, occultist metaphysics seems to be more like a
  science -- albeit pseudoscience -- than like philosophical
  metaphysics. Sciences are concerned with specific kinds of things,
  and with the factual existence of these specific kinds.
  Philosophical metaphysics is concerned with the most general
  categories of existence, and with the logical existence of these
  general categories. Philosophical metaphysics attempts to determine
  what general categories logically must exist for universe to exist
  at all.


  "CREATION" SCIENCE
  by Dr. Francisco Ayala

  [Dr. Ayala is Chairman of the National Academy of Science Section
  of Population Biology, Evolution and Ecology. The following article
  was written for "The Best of LASER", newsletter of the SCS and
  reprinted here with kind permission.

  The theory of evolution 1) asserts that evolution has occurred,
  and 2) explains how it occurred.

  Biological evolution is a fact established beyond reasonable doubt.
  Living beings descend from other organisms more and more different
  as we go farther back into the past. Our ancestors of many millions
  of years ago were not human. We are related to the apes and other
  animals by common ancestry. Biological evolution is a fact
  established with the same degree of certainty as the rotation of
  the planets around the sun or the roundness of the earth.

  The theory of evolution explains, on the basis of scientific
  evidence, how evolution happened. For example, scientists explain
  the functional organization of organisms as the result of natural
  selection. In a similar way, scientists use gravity for explaining
  the motions of the planets. Many details of the explanation (for
  example, whether the rate of change is more or less jerky) are
  debated by scientists, and some views change with time. Similarly,
  scientists have changed from Newtonian mechanics to relativity
  theory as a better explanation for planetary movements.

  No biological concept has been more extensively tested and more
  thoroughly corroborated than the evolutionary origin of living
  organisms through millions of years of descent with modification.
  Moreover, nothing in modern biology makes sense except in the light
  of evolution.

  Many religious people accept the fact of evolution. It is possible
  to admit that God is the Creator of the world without denying
  biological evolution -- as it is possible to accept that a human
  being is a creature of God without denying that he has developed
  from a fertilized egg and embryo by natural processes.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  To claim that the statements of Genesis are scientific truths is
  to deny all the evidence. To teach such statements in the schools
  as if they were science would do untold harm to the education of
  American students, who need scientific literacy to prosper in a
  nation that depends on scientific progress for national security,
  individual health, and economic gain.

  The Council of the National Academy of Sciences has declared that
  "Religion and science are separate and mutually exclusive realms
  of human thought whose presentation in the same context leads to
  misunderstanding of both scientific theory and religious belief."
  Scientific reasoning and religious belief are distinct modes of
  thought. Let science and religion follow their separate courses.
  That is the American way. And only thus will rationality and common
  sense survive in our nation.


  EDITOR'S CORNER

  An acquaintance who knows of my skeptical proclivities enjoys
  sending me articles and book reviews whenever he thinks he has come
  upon something that will turn me from darkness. Well, yes, he is
  a Christian, and he believes that theistic questions can be solved
  in the science lab and by the propositions of formal logic. He
  knows of my mathematics background, so anything that relates to the
  "Queen of the Sciences" is eagerly deposited in my hands. His eyes
  spark with a little of the just- try-to-refute-THIS anticipation
  when he presents me with something that bears on the question.

  Now, while BAS takes no formal position with respect to religion,
  when one makes a specific, testable claim it is susceptible to the
  skeptical knife regardless of its origin. The material I pass along
  here certainly does not require a surgeon's knife -- a hacksaw
  would do just fine -- but it is instructive in a general sense for
  the lengths to which "true believers" of any ilk will go to uphold
  their faith. (Which is not to say that faith, in the proper sense
  of the term, is to be disparaged by skeptics. As an epistemological
  tool most would reject it; but nonetheless if a theist expresses
  his or her faith in a transcendent god there is little a skeptic
  can say. Maybe a shoulder shrug would be an appropriate response.)

  Anyway, the acquaintance calls me and excitedly tells me he has
  some proof that I will be unable to brush off. I smile a little to
  myself because the guy is really sincere, and I don't want him to
  think I am cynical or patronizingly pompous. "Bring it over and
  I'll probably be baptized tomorrow," I joke. In ten minutes he is
  on my doorstep, slapping the booklet in my hand, his jaw set to
  match the hint of gloating in his eye.

  The forty-seven page pamphlet is titled, "God, The Master
  Mathematician," published by "Watchman on the Wall Ministries" for
  those who wish to own their personal copy. The theme of the book


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  centers around numerological phenomena, mostly manufactured ad hoc,
  which "could not have occurred by chance."

  I have tried several ways of reviewing this opus without it seeming
  like I am just making rollicking fun of it, but its authors came
  up with such off-the-wall stuff that simply repeating it is enough
  to make it appear to be poking fun. (I think "main-line" churches
  would wince as much as skeptics at the inanities offered by the
  booklet in the name of the god they worship.)

  Mush on, huskies. Chapter one is "The Bible -- The Master Math
  Book." The authors claim that the Bible is the basis for all
  "absolute mathematics" and assert: "...the Bible establishes the
  rule for all theoretical mathematics: a straight line is the
  shortest distance between two points. It is from this theorem that
  ALL other theorems and postulates from which geometry,
  trigonometry, analytics, [sic.]...spring [emphasis added]." Matt.
  7:14 is then cited as the basis for this: "Strait is the gate and
  narrow is the way which leadeth unto life..." The authors explain,
  "Not only is the shortest distance between point 'A' (earth) and
  point 'B' (heaven) a straight line, unless you find point 'A'
  (Jesus) [wasn't A the earth?], you will never make it." May Euclid
  rest in peace, and may Mr. Whitmore, my high school geometry
  teacher, be assigned an extra hour of hall monitoring for not
  teaching me the fact that the line business is the "theorem for
  all theoretical mathematics."

  The overwhelming power of the proofs reaches its zenith in chapter
  four: "Mathematical Patterns in the Word." Here we learn that "Old
  Testament, 3 letters and 9 letters, placed side-by-side make 39
  books. New Testament, 3 and 9 multiplied are the 27 books of that
  record!" Well, I can't refute that. I checked my french Bible.
  "Ancien Testament" sure enough has its 69 books, and the "Nouveau
  Testament" is right there with all 63. And you thought hebrew was
  the Chosen Language.

  Now for some physical science. Of course the number 7 is one of the
  more sacred numbers in scripture, so we are variously enlightened
  about the miracles of creation that bear the contrivance of the
  Maker through the magic of seven. Chapter 5, "Mathematics in
  Creation," reveals "A lunar month,...is 28 days (4x7); the distance
  the moon is from the earth is 238,000 miles (34,000x7). The
  diameter of the moon is 2,100 miles (300x7)." Can anyone fail to
  doubt?

  Again, the Hebrews and their cubits get short shrift -- the non-
  biblical British system is on the up-and-coming. I also wondered
  if the tape measure went over that little hill near the Mare
  Tranquilitatis, making it 2,100.004 miles. If that doesn't matter
  it is of little consequence whether the measurement was equatorial
  or polar. Details, details. Well, there are other problems, but
  enough is enough. Miracles multiply when we learn that "..the sun
  is 93,000,000 [not 93,000,004] miles away (31M x THREE)," and that
  "The sun's mass is 333,000 (111,000 x THREE) times that of the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  earth." (A few minutes after the measurement the sun's mass must
  have decreased a little, but let's not quibble.) "It fits the
  numerical pattern for the Godhead, the number three."

  Of course this whole thing goes on for 47 pages -- it makes for
  light reading at bedtime if you don't want to get to sleep right
  off the bat.

  I take it all back. In reading my column over it is unabashed
  ridicule. The ridiculous sometimes deserves ridicule. But there is
  a sobering element when the last guffaw wheezes out. People
  actually believe this. There are a couple of PhD's listed in the
  pages. What is the cost of credulity? To what lengths do humans go
  to uphold their beliefs? I didn't quite know what to tell my
  acquaintance when he eagerly sought my reaction to this
  overwhelming mass of irrefutable proof. It is all irrefutable proof
  that "homo sapiens" isn't so "sapiens" after all, and that we will
  all of us go to great lengths to uphold our convictions. Sometimes,
  the more irrational the belief the more tenaciously it will be
  held. It seems the only defense against this trap is HONEST
  skepticism -- the ability and willingness to reject anything we
  hold, no matter how cherished, in the light of new and refuting
  evidence.

  I confess I have a great deal more respect for someone who says
  he/she believes just because he/she believes. Whenever we let the
  belief dictate the evidence we must find we are in trouble.


  FEBRUARY MEETING
  by Larry Loebig

  On February 27th The Bay Area Skeptics sponsored a lecture with
  prominent health fraud expert James Lowell. This event had a
  profound impact on my outlook regarding the purpose of groups like
  Bay Area Skeptics and the need that exists for a dedicated effort
  to educate the public about the abusive and potentially dangerous
  scams which are currently being perpetrated in the name of science.

  James Lowell is a very funny lecturer. His technique is effective
  and informative. The scene at the El Cerrito Public Library
  resembled more a comedy club than a Bay Area Skeptics monthly
  meeting. Laugh for laugh I don't know many comedians who could
  stand toe-to-toe with Lowell and throw the one liners. His slide
  show was the icing on the cake. The visual evidence is effective.
  The subject matter is perfect for a stand-up routine, and Lowell's
  delivery was masterful. The entire group was rolling in the aisles.
  Then came the slides on the screen -- it wasn't funny anymore.
  Linda Epping was eight years old. The lump behind her left eye was
  cancerous. The surgeons would have to remove one eye and
  surrounding tissue for her to survive. Linda's parents had met a
  Chiropractor who persuaded them to abandon the "experimenters" at
  UC Medical Center and to allow him to treat the problem using

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  alternative medical procedures, sparing Linda all the pain and
  suffering. That was in July. In November of that year Linda died.

  She was presented at UC Medical Center with 50% of her face covered
  with a massive tumor. It's little comfort knowing the Chiropractor,
  Marvin Phillips, was eventually convicted of manslaughter.

  The image of Linda Epping still haunts me a month later.

  James Lowell identified five types of harm from health fraud: 1.
  Harm to society: "Is it freedom of choice to give a baby poison
  milk?" 2. Financial harm: "26 billion dollars per year, and that's
  being conservative." 3. Psychological harm: "Terminal patients
  sitting in a motel in Mexico instead of spending those last days
  with family and loved ones." 4. Harm by omission: "People who could
  have been saved but were not." 5. Direct harm to the individual
  patient: "Toxic doses of vitamins and herbs are directly
  responsible for causing health problems."

  For more information about health fraud, misinformation and
  quackery write to: The National Council Against Health Fraud, Inc.,
  PO BOX 1276, Loma Linda, CA 92354, or call (714) 796-3067


  SKEPTICS IN THE NEWS

  BAS is represented in the media far in excess of its proportion of
  the populace. It all goes to show that if one has something
  significant and can present it well there are ears. Erstwhile Chair
  ROBERT SHEAFFER, author of "UFO's, Examining the Evidence" and of
  the feature "Psychic Vibrations" in the "Skeptical Inquirer" was
  the featured guest on KGO radio's Michael Krasne show.

  Robert's encyclopedic knowledge and phenomenal recall of UFO
  material was simply withering. People called in from as far as
  Oregon and Idaho, relating obscure cases with which Sheaffer was
  familiar; he adroitly fielded questions and challenges in a calm,
  reasoned way that was a pleasure to hear. The Bay Area Skeptics is
  an organization whose name is increasing in importance and
  significance.


  ARROGANCE AND TRUTH
  by Yves Barbero

  My buddy and I were talking about "Contact", the science fiction
  novel by Carl Sagan. I kind of liked it and gave it to him to read
  during a long hospital stay. He read some of it and put it down
  after a few dozen pages.

  He was offended, you see, because Sagan brought up the standard
  argument about God being "cruel." Somehow, he thought with some

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  plausibility, non-believers think that God must meet some sort of
  humanitarian test. I said that I liked it anyway but thought it
  was overwritten for someone like me since I'm well socialized in
  the science fiction genre.

  My buddy, a Christian, and I, a science fiction fan, both found
  something to criticize since Sagan had dared to intrude on what we
  felt was our preserve. I don't think either of us considered that
  the novel was written for less specialized readers. I can well
  imagine the radio astronomer being bored by the lengthy description
  of a familiar technology.

  I also have to imagine most people, innocent of science fiction,
  the finer parts of Christian theology, and radio astronomy, having
  a great time with the book. It was a best seller for good reason.
  Although worlds apart in our views of the order of things, my buddy
  and I had a mutual reaction against the book because of the way
  Sagan presents his information and, I suspect, we're not the only
  ones. He seems to present himself as a snotty professor educating
  us against our will. He's lecturing when we're only looking for a
  good read. Watching the series "Cosmos" I certainly sensed a sort
  of arrogance.

  I had to remind myself that however he came across, he gave
  generally accurate information. Having followed astronomy on and
  off over the years, the series served to fill in a lot of holes.
  It's human nature, I guess, to resent the wise guy who sets himself
  up as an expert even if he's eminently qualified.

  That's why, in fiction, the brilliant scientist is usually
  portrayed as an absent-minded "four eyes" with no social graces.
  If the poor bastard has a girl friend, she's nice but clumsy and
  would never have a chance with a REAL man. Research has
  demonstrated that the opposite is true with clever scientists and
  Sagan is anything but awkward and hardly absent-minded. (I don't
  know if he wears glasses off camera.) His movements indicate, in
  fact, an athletic disposition. On top of that, he writes well. It's
  as if Flash Gordon and Dr. Zarkov were rolled up into one
  character. It's no wonder he's resented at first blush.

  The case of Dr. Sagan illustrates a problem that we have in the
  skeptics movement. Here we are, ready to take on all comers,
  confident that we have the truth and without a hint of humility.
  Most of us who have been on TV or the radio have learned enough
  discipline to hear the other side out, however superficial the
  arguments are, before going into our routine. It isn't enough. Few
  of our debates are more than statements by us interspersed by
  whatever they say. We hardly listen to them. Is it any wonder that
  many people see us as a bunch of self-righteous kooks? But we're
  not kooks just as Carl Sagan isn't arrogant in spelling out how
  nature operates. The image we project doesn't reflect the reality
  of what we say.

  The other guys, the psychics, rarely make this mistake. After all,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  for many of them, public relations is their bread and butter. For
  most of us, skepticism is a side line to our main activities and
  not our livelihood. We can be careless in our presentations. They
  portray themselves as "gifted" which implies that they are blessed
  by some more-powerful agency.

  They do not imply that they are more learned than the common man,
  as we must seem to many people. People support psychics by pointing
  out that they have a "right to their beliefs." How dare we attack
  them with mere logic! It's as if logic is an unfair means of attack
  because we're the only ones who choose to use it. Is it fair to
  attack someone with a machine gun when he only has a sword (and an
  invisible one at that)?

  I don't know if I have a solution to this problem. I, for one, have
  no intention of giving up my intellectual tools -- but while they
  have a lot of uses in various aspects of my life, they usually fail
  me in a debate with believers in psychic goings-on.

  Recently, in arguing about faith healers, I lost my cool and raged
  that they'd almost killed a friend of mine with their nonsense. He
  was fortunate in seeking out proper surgery in time. I suddenly
  found myself surrounded by silence. "Arrogant" logic had been
  ineffective. "Emotional" truth had worked.

  It worries me a great deal.


  RAMPARTS

  [Ramparts is a regular feature of "BASIS", and your participation
  is urged. Clip, snip and tear bits of irrationality from your local
  scene and send them to the EDITOR. If you wish to add comments with
  the submission, please do.]

  Wiley Brooks is still at it -- the "Breatharian" who claims that
  eating "poisons" the body. Either God or evolution played a cruel
  trick giving us a stomach, but Wiley says that air -- yes even the
  greenish-yellow stuff we breath around here -- is better for us
  than mashed potatoes and broccoli.

  Mr. Brooks' program proves that if you put an "ism" on your home-
  made neologism you suddenly have a "philosophy." He even has an
  "Institute," for which "BASIS" will not give free advertising by
  giving the Morgan Hill address... Wily Wiley "teaches that the
  human body is an 'air/electrical system' and that food 'short-
  circuits' it, reducing the body's ability to manifest energy. In
  man's original state he lived on just air, and his body condensed
  the gases in the air into liquids, solids and other nutrients."

  If "real" science has anything to say, all condensed states of air
  are on the cool side of -200 degrees F if "condensation" in the
  proper sense is what he means. If he means that the various gases

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  can be combined by the body to make nutrients, energy would be
  required by the body to combine them, and this has the energy going
  in the wrong direction. But there is nothing real to speculate
  about; Wiley knows better that his PROMISES of "Life, Health and
  Perfect Happiness" are all he needs. His brochure announces that
  one can "Breathe and Live Forever."

  He failed a lie detector test on F. Lee Bailey's short-lived TV
  show of the same name about three years ago when asked if he had
  eaten food during the past nine years. He squirmed out of it by
  saying that air was the "true" food, and of course he had had
  plenty of that. Attorney Bailey advised him then that he ought to
  be very cautious about his claims, because they looked thin. A
  woman who was a former "Breatharian" countered (as if there were
  anything to counter) that she had witnessed Wiley eating -- and
  not just healthful stuff, but the likes of your basic Twinkies and
  Big Macs!

  Wiley also claims he only sleeps 1 to 7 hours per week. Being of
  a naturally curious nature I rang him up at 1 a.m. and he sounded
  very UN-alert, although I might just have caught him during his
  one hour for that week.

  With all the extra time not spent sleeping and the extra money not
  wasted on poison, Brooks must have it made. Or would you still
  rather have pizza and 7 solid hours of z's?

  Remember "I Dream of Genie?" The show is off, but the promise of
  genies has not been cancelled in many Moslem countries. So says the
  "San Jose Mercury" in a report on the quasi-religious practice.
  What does one get from ones genie? "The wish has to be REASONABLE
  and immortality is excluded. Non-believers, especially those who
  make fun of the occasion will be jinxed within 19 days. [emphasis
  added]" The occasion mentioned is the nuptials -- the day the happy
  couple get their wishes -- one wish per mortal per life.

  What is "reasonable" is left to the genie, and before you start
  making fun of this whole thing and get jinxed, the custom has the
  approbation of the clergy who "have hastened to affirm that the
  Koran explicitly acknowledges the existence of genies capable of
  adopting exquisite life forms." There's the proof, because Barbara
  Eden was certainly an exquisite life form.

  The "Cron" readers have been put up to date on the renewed interest
  in Chinese herbal foods. One gets the impression that the more
  bizarre the preparation (ox gallstone at $420/oz.) the more potent
  its effect. Other delicacies include: "hedgehog skin, rhinoceros
  horn, silkworm excrement and praying mantis ovaries." Praying
  mantis ovaries?? What might they have over tsetse fly ovaries? Is
  there a federal watchdog agency to oversee this industry? The
  consumer has a right to know if she is getting bona-fide mantis
  ovaries, and not second-rate factory dust. Now these items aren't
  herbs, but you have to go to your local Chinese herb store to get
  them. Doesn't it make you want to skip your morning bowl of corn

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  flakes for a hearty bowl of tarantula eyes?

  JOHN SAEMANN sent a copy of the TM newsletter in response to the
  April Ramparts blurb on TM. John knows wherewith he speaks because
  he was an initiate years ago. A sample of some of the ludicrous
  (and probably actionable) claims:

  "There is nothing which cannot be accomplished through Maharishi
  Ayuuveda,.... A long life span should mean life for many hundreds
  of years, thousands of years." (This, despite the fact that a
  picture of a hoary "His Holiness Maharishi Mahesh Yogi" on the
  front page does not look the picture of radiant health. More.
  "'Yogic flying' [levitation] -- the mechanics to create coherence
  in world consciousness -- was demonstrated publicly for the first
  time this summer in 1,000 cities in 108 countries." (Strange that
  TM of America flatly refused a "public" demonstration before a
  group of skeptics in Chicago.)

  In a typical blast against science, the depth of misunderstanding
  is revealed in the following: "The glamour of the modern scientific
  approach to knowledge in every field has been basically responsible
  for the decline of almost all ancient traditional values of life
  in this century. The field of medicine could not remain unaffected
  by the global influence of this new, objective approach to
  knowledge by modern science which has basically disregarded the
  subjective value of life."

  Science and the scientific method can only consider objective
  criteria. To say science ignores the subjective is simply to say
  that science ignores the non-scientific. I think the TM movement
  needs a few more lawsuits to learn the lesson.


  SKEPTICAL INQUIRY AND LEAPS OF FAITH

  "I know it is true because I have experienced it myself." This is
  perhaps one of the more common reasons for belief in a paranormal
  reality.

  DON FREW, National Public Information Officer for the "Covenant of
  the Goddess", the largest national wiccam in the country, will
  address BAS on the subject of witchcraft and skepticism. See the
  Calendar for details. New board member Shawn Carlson assures us
  that this will be an interesting evening.


  STEINERBLURB

  "The burden of proof always falls upon the one who makes the
  sweeping generalization". -- Robert Steiner

  [So okay, Mr. Steiner, show us the proof for this sweeping

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
  generalization! - Ed.]

                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the June, 1987 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1987 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1987 06.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:51]
