{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T16:02:00Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 68845, "source_ctime_ns": 1788590586649022649, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-09.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788590586646556594, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1990-09.pdf", "source_sha256": "efa1412893a99f979b47942be4fc5f92f704f3f8cdd7b46c602ee740476ea22c"}

-----------------------------------------------------------
  September 1990 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  -----------------------------------------------------------
          Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                  Vol. 9, No. 9
                Editor: Yves Barbero


  DON'T CALL ME BROTHER
  by Austin Miles

  [Austin Miles was one of the first to expose Jim Bakker's PTL Club
  con game. The excesses were dizzying. A sincerely religious man,
  Miles had to literally force his eyes open. But there were early
  indications of the problems to come. Below is an excerpt from
  "Don't Call Me Brother" (Prometheus, 1989, $19.95), the book that
  recounts his amazing encounters with America's spiritual con men
  (and women).]

  "The greatest of all time." he [Pastor Bedzyk] continued, "was
  William Branham. He had a word of knowledge so precise that there
  was no way it could have been anything but of God. And this was
  proved! Even the most hardened skeptics would fall down on their
  knees in from of him."

  I was already vaguely aware of the Reverend William Branham. Many
  "miracles" had been attributed to his ministry, and his "words of
  knowledge" seemed so uncanny that they made Oral Roberts envious.
  Reverend Roberts has once complained to a close friend, "I can't
  understand why God hasn't given me the ability to read minds like
  William Branham!"

  "You said that Reverend Branham had a `precise' word of knowledge,
  and that it was `proved.' How did he work?"

  "Well," Pastor Bedzyk answered, excitement building in his voice,
  "as you know, people sometimes think the evangelist can call out
  anything and someone will respond to it. To prove that this was not
  just guesswork and that it really was from God, Bill Branham had
  everyone write down on a piece of paper any illness or problem that
  they wanted God to help them with. This way, it was all on record
  and could not be altered. They then sealed the piece of paper in an
  envelope.

  When they all came up in the prayer line, Bill Branham walked down
  the line taking all the envelopes, and then stacked them up on the
  pulpit. As each person came forward, Brother Branham held that
  envelope in the air. Then -- he proceeded to tell that person
  everything that they needed and wanted from God. He would open the
  envelope and absolutely everything. word for word, that he had said
  was right there written down! Miraculous healings took place. 1
  Cancers just fell off people! People got `the shakes.' William
  Branham was probably the most anointed -- "


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  I did not hear the last part of what Pastor Bedzyk was saying.
  Suddenly, I felt sick to my stomach. "Pastor Bedzyk -- would you
  mind taking me back to my room? I don't feel well."

  "Sure. Sure, we'll go right away."

  As we got back in the car, Pastor Bedzyk kept talking: "Brother
  Branham put such a fear of God in people that one time a couple of
  men came up for prayer, both claiming to have several serious
  diseases. They were trying to put one over on Brother Branham. He
  put his hands on their heads, started to pray, then with great
  anger yelled, `You don't have any of these diseases! You were
  trying to fool a prophet of God! Do you know what's going to happen
  to you? I'm going to tell God to put on you every disease you
  claimed to have -- right now! And you will be eaten alive by every
  loathsome disease you lied about!'"

  Pastor Bedzyk began to chuckle. "Those rascals fell to their knees,
  grabbed Brother Barnham's feet, and kissed his shoes, begging and
  pleading with him not to put those diseases on them. It sure taught
  them a lesson they'd never forget, and this was in front of several
  thousand people. Brother Miles -- you do look sick. I'll get you
  back as quickly as possible."

  The first thing I did when we got back was to be sick in the
  bathroom. Then I lay down on the bed and stared at the ceiling. My
  mind drifted back to the time when I was twelve years old, in
  Salinas, California. Like many boys, I was very interested in magic
  and had managed to accumulate several tricks. I had bought some
  props with paper route money, and made others from instructions in
  library books.

  During my stay in Salinas, the Foley and Burke Carnival came to
  town. When they were setting up, I noticed a banner announcing
  "Senor Lopez -- The Magician from Mexico." I introduced myself to
  Senor Lopez and agreed to be his assistant for the week in exchange
  for magic lessons.

  One afternoon he said, "Today I will teach you the envelope trick."
  This was a `mind reading' trick that had fascinated me more than
  all the others. People in the audience would write questions on a
  piece of paper along with their name and address, and seal the
  questions in an envelope. During the show, the envelopes would be
  passed up the stage, and Senor Lopez would begin to "read the
  minds" of his audience.

  He would take the first envelope with a flourish, tap it against
  his head, and say, "Where is Mary Johnson?"

  Someone in the audience would respond, "Here I am."

  "Your question is -- `I lost a valuable diamond-studded earring
  last Tuesday. It has great sentimental value. Will I find it?'"


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  Senor Lopez would then begin to tear the envelope open. "Let's
  check what you wrote. Yes -- here is it -- `I lost a valuable
  diamond-studded earring last Tuesday. It has great sentimental
  value. Will I find it?'"

  Everyone was amazed how Senor Lopez could have known what was
  written on the slip sealed in the envelope. Then he would continue,
  "Look in your closet. You have a pair of red shoes there. The
  earring dropped off while you were in the closet and landed inside
  the left shoe."

  Mary Johnson would now be very animated. "I do have a pair of red
  shoes in the closet. This couldn't have been a trick! You really
  can read minds!"

  Enthusiastic applause would burst forth. Senor Lopez would then
  take the next envelope, accurately describe everything written on
  the enclosed slip before he unsealed the envelope, and give advice
  for solving the problem.

  "This is one of my favorite tricks," Senor Lopez said to me as he
  began instructing me in the secret. "The first person whose mind
  you read is a plant -- in this case, Mary Johnson. You do the
  earring story, or any other one you make up, first. When you open
  the envelope, you really open the envelope of the next person whose
  mind you're going to `read.' While pretending to read the
  information written by Mary Johnson, you're really reading the
  information for your next subject. You can even get away with
  putting the piece of paper down on your table and reading from it
  while you hold the next unopened envelope to your head. You are
  always one envelope ahead. This is the most effective of all the
  mind reading tricks."

  The renowned Reverend William Branham, faith healer and prophet of
  God, had been using parlor tricks! He was deliberately staging his
  supposed messages from God in order to manipulate vulnerable
  people. Nobody had ever guessed the truth.

  When William Branham died in a winter flood that swept through
  Louisville, Kentucky, his followers would not bury him. They were
  convinced that God would raise him from the dead on Easter Sunday
  morning -- four months hence. Easter Sunday came and went. Brother
  Branham stayed dead. Finally, they buried him.

  [Used with the kind permission of Austin Miles.]


  "It is error alone that needs the support of government.
  Truth can stand by itself."
              -- Thomas Jefferson (Notes on Virginia)


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  MILES ON CABLE
  When Austin Miles spoke at the Bay Area Skeptics' June meeting, a
  video tape was of this splendid talk made by Dan Dugan. The tape
  was turned over to Paul Bernadino of the Public Access Cable
  Channel 25 of the San Francisco cable company.

  The talk will be broadcast in its entirety on September 8, Channel
  25, at 5:00 pm.

  If you missed this talk, and you have San Francisco cable, don't
  miss this opportunity to view the talk. Be sure to tell your
  friends.


  "The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable
  man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore,
  all progress depends on the unreasonable man."
                       -- George Bernard Shaw


  AN INNOCENT IN WONDERLAND
  by Diogenes Arouet

  [We've had some brilliant theorists talk about the various
  subtleties involved in the oxymoronically-termed Creation Science.
  We've had excellent political analysts dissect the subject to
  microscopic levels. Educators have had their say and then some. Now
  comes a man of exceptional creativity. He actually went down to the
  Institute for Creation Research and had a look-see. Yes, "BASIS"
  does favor on-site reports. -- The Editor]

  Last year, out of sheer curiosity, I visited the ICR "campus" in
  Santee, California.

  About 20 miles northeast of San Diego, as a non-evolutionary crow
  would fly if there were such, is the town of Santee, California.
  There, along the commercial strip of a freeway frontage-road, hard
  by auto parts dealers, a drive-in movie, and various other
  enterprises, stands that bastion of fundamentalist thought (sic):
  The Institute for Creation Research.

  The ICR "campus," (after all, it does claim to be a graduate
  school) shares a two-story building with a combination copy
  center/office supplies store. But this is not just another of the
  store-front diploma mills, which appear to prosper in California.
  No, the ICR's classrooms and laboratories are BEHIND and BELOW the
  office supplies store. No PhDs by mail here!

  I made my way across a parking lot and noted a bumper sticker (a
  master's thesis?): CREATION SCIENCE. Yes, this was the place. One
  wonders idly, do they have a football team? Do they play Oral
  Roberts University? Or Jerry Falwell's Liberty U? But no -- sports

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  are played by undergraduates, and this is a GRADUATE school! Be
  SERIOUS.

  In the lobby I was confronted by racks of religious tracts and
  shelves of books and tapes of creationist dogma which were for
  sale. A receptionist greeted me pleasantly and asked if she could
  be of help. I asked to see a catalog, and was told that I could see
  one but couldn't take it with me. This because "the catalog is in
  revision." (This was late March 1989.)

  A quick scan of the brief catalog showed courses in astrophysics,
  geology, science education, and the like. The titles (at least)
  were worthy of Cal Tech or Berkeley. The course descriptions
  however, certainly would not be found at Cal Tech, Berkeley, or
  even a Marx Brothers film. (Remember Groucho was President of
  Darwin U. in one film!) Bizarre outlines told how "The Great Flood"
  is PROVED, of the case against that old devil EVOLUTION, and all
  the rest (my italics). The faculty list showed several persons
  trained in engineering, a few in science, and a few in theology.

  Having checked the catalog, I asked the receptionist if I might
  visit the classroom and laboratory area. After all, when one visits
  a research institute, one wants to see the center of activity. The
  receptionist flashed a Nancy Reagan/cheerleader's smile and
  explained, "You can't do that because they're under renovation."
  Further, "The Institute is installing a new carbon-14 dating
  laboratory. "In response to my question of what do they DO in a
  carbon-14 lab she allowed as how she really didn't know, but she
  knew it was important, and "You can ask one of the professors."

  (The ICR has been very critical of carbon-14 dating methods,
  claiming that the isotope decay rates CHANGE IN TIME, thus
  "supporting" the ICR notion that the Earth is less than 6,000 years
  old! By the way, ICR also holds that the speed of light has
  changed! This "explains" why distant galaxies are only a few
  thousand light years away instead of "millions and millions!!!")
  Fine, I said, let me do that. "You can't because none of the
  professors are around." How about a student then? Well, they too
  were "not around," leading me to conclude that faculty and students
  this day were as rare as busts of Darwin in a bible college.

  But this "Catch-22" dialogue was not entirely in vain. No, there
  was HOPE! Though thwarted in my desires to take home a catalog,
  visit a lab, and talk to a professor or student, all was not lost!
  I was welcome to browse through the lobby materials, buy some tapes
  and reading matter, and visit the MUSEUM. The museum! My hostess
  escorted me past offices filled with wholesome-looking workers. She
  paused at the museum door, flashed another Nancy grin, and unlocked
  it (one protects what one values). I was cautioned to be careful
  because, "It's dark in there." Her warning had some merit, although
  the interior was beyond the illumination furnished by mere lamp
  bulbs. In this "museum" The Dark Ages were rampant!

  This archive of the ICR, perhaps the equivalent in floor area of

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  two living rooms, had few artifacts on display (WHAT could they
  show?). There were posters, lists of names, biblical quotations,
  and photographs -- lots of photographs. There were photos of
  expeditions in search of Noah's Ark, and of fossil digs and other
  activities designed to demonstrate conclusively the errors of
  evolution. One knew these were serious scientists in the photos
  because they were dressed in safari clothes and pith helmets.

  These exhibits inform one that the universe is no older than 6,000
  years, that humans and dinosaurs co-existed, and that astronomers
  now "know" that galaxies are only a few thousand years old. Here
  one learns that the Grand Canyon's vivid exhibits of eons of
  geological history are not to be believed! There were many other
  examples, but these will suffice to capture the crackpot tone of
  the place. I scanned the Comments column in the Museum Guest Book,
  among those heaping praise found this terse and apt notation from
  a New York visitor: "Ludicrous and loathsome!"

  I had more than my fill of ICR by now. On the other hand, if I
  could find a professor, I might be able to pick up a graduate
  degree. After all, I had most of the afternoon open.

  ["Diogenes Arouet" is the pen-name of a university instructor and
  electronics engineering consultant in the Bay Area.]


  MINISTER PREACHES "SCIENTIFIC" CREATIONISM IN
  CALIFORNIA PUBLIC SCHOOL!
  by Eugenie C. Scott, PhD

  A fundamentalist minister showed and discussed the creationist
  film, "Origins, Two Models" to a Weed, California public elementary
  school's seventh and eighth grade science classes in late March.
  Weed is located in the northern part of the state, near Mount
  Shasta.

  A handout sheet accompanied the presentation, outlining the
  rationale for teaching creationism in the science classes, and
  various "evidences" in support of creationism. It also claimed that
  many scientists now consider the creation account a scientific
  theory.

  A new, non-tenured science teacher, in his first year at the
  school, was informed by the principal that the minister's visit was
  going to take place, "was traditional," and had been taking place
  for some fifteen years (the minister is in fact, the principal's
  pastor.) The teacher protested the activity, but it took place
  nonetheless.

  Reportedly, the eighth grade students questioned the minister
  closely, and many times he was forced to fall back to "explain" a
  point by saying "because the Bible says so." A Catholic student
  questioned whether she could believe God created (but did it

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  through evolution) and still be a Christian. She was told "No."
  The Ministerial Alliance has requested formalizing the visit in the
  future, whereas NCSE [National Center for Science Education - Ed.]
  members Ken Goehring and Michael Roesch have requested that the
  activity cease. The Board of Education has requested an opinion
  from the county attorney and the Department of Education on the
  teaching of creationism in the school. Thus far, there is no
  specific law or regulation prohibiting the teaching of creationism
  in California public schools.

  However, the California Science Framework, specifically states that
  only science may be taught in science classes, and that
  "scientific" creationism is not scientific. Although not
  prohibited, the teaching of "scientific" creationism is
  unprofessional, and because it is a sectarian religious position,
  its advocacy contravenes the First Amendment clause of the
  Constitution.

  In May, the Institute for Creation Research held a "Back to
  Genesis" conference in Weed. Ken Goehring, physical anthropologist
  at the College of the Siskiyous, presented a public lecture on
  human evolution a week later.

  DR. SCOTT is executive director of the National Center for Science
  Education and an advisor to Bay Area Skeptics. The article is
  reprinted from BACC Science 3(2), Box 59072, San Jose, California.
  Subscriptions are $5 a year. DR. SCOTT will lead the tour of the
  LIFE THROUGH TIME exhibit at the California Academy of Sciences
  September 22nd. Details are printed elsewhere in this issue.


  "Our modern society is engaged in polishing and decorating the cage
  in which man is kept imprisoned."
            -- Swami Nirmalananda, "Enlightened Anarchism"


  EXCERPTS FROM WEED CREATION-SCIENCE HANDOUT

  "We understand that evolutionary dogma is properly identified as a
  religious belief system...and thus should also submit to the First
  Amendment provisions."

  "If you are the produce of mechanistic chance, then life looses
  [sic] much of its meaning."

  "A significant number of qualified scientists are now finding that
  a creation account of origins fits better than does evolution."

  "Conclusion: If the worldwide flood really occurred, it would be
  the primary explanation for most geological phenomena."

  [Source: "BACC Science" 3(2)]

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  "The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it."
                           -- Abbie Hoffman


  CHRISTIAN GODMEN FROM THE WEST
  by A.K. Savani, Nagpur, India

  (Courtesy "INDIAN SKEPTIC", January 1990)

  In February, 1989, Nagpur was privileged to have miracle workers
  descend on the city on behalf of a Christian organization called
  "Global Network." A global con, in fact, where disease was to be
  cured by prayer. The wonder workers were Rev. Mike Huggins, Rev.
  Roger Jude and Sister Judy Such of the USA, along with Rev. Martin
  Bullman of Switzerland. These were ably assisted by Rev. Satish
  Rathore and 30 other experts. The venue of this miracle melee was
  Kasturchand Park. It was to extend from February 15th to 19th, but,
  thanks to the determined efforts of the Andha Shraddha Nirmulan
  Samithi, it fizzled out in a somewhat unspectacular way.

  Large ads in local dailies, posters, banners and sign-boards
  announced the event. The promoters claimed all physical
  disabilities, skin diseases, cataract and blindness - anything that
  had defied medical remedy - could be cured instantly by prayer.
  Even persons attending the meetings were assured of better health
  - probably with residual blessings rubbing off on them too.

  SKEPTICS OBJECT, DEMONSTRATE AND GET ARRESTED

  When the skeptics (ANS) noted this false propaganda, the secretary,
  Mr. Harish Deshmukh, submitted a written complaint to the Sadar
  Police Station. He pointed out that instant cure by prayer was not
  possible, and such publicity merely helps spread blind belief and
  superstition. It must therefore be stopped at once.

  The police did nothing. So a procession was organized against the
  godmen. Marching with the volunteers were physically handicapped
  people, the blind and the deaf, and even some dwarfs. They carried
  banners appealing for a cure for their disabilities by prayer. The
  committee offered the godmen Rs. 3,00,000 in prize money to
  demonstrate their miracles. Shouting slogans, they converged on
  Kasturchand Park and the police promptly arrested all 63 of them.

  POLICE ARREST GODMEN

  However, a similar march and demonstration was staged the next day.
  This time the police visited the venue where prayer meetings were
  in progress. They saw a healer touch a blind man's eyes and assure
  him he could see, when he couldn't. A lame man's leg was touched
  and he was told he could walk. Convinced this was all a con, the

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  police arrested the Christian faith-healers and the organizers.

  GODMEN FACE MAGISTRATE
  Cases were registered against them under the drugs and Magical
  remedies objectionable Advertisement Act, 1954, and violation of
  Medical Practitioners Act, 1961 (Maharashtra). Thereafter touching
  of the bodies of the sick, and the laying on of hands while praying
  was stopped. Earlier, when similar claims by a Mr. Hotsna, Rev.
  McLean and Rev. Peter were challenged, they had fled from the
  scene.

  The protest demonstrators were led by Mr. Umesh Chaube, Mr. Harish
  Deshmukh, Mr. Ashok Chate, Mr. Dnyanesh Mawale, Nitin Choudhary,
  Yamini Chaudhary, Rekha Dendige, Vijay Metkar and other activists
  of the Andha Shraddha Nirmulan Samithi.


  "Every form of mysticism is reactionary, and the reactionary man is
  mystical."              -- Wilhelm Reich


  STEERING COMMITTEE NAMED

  The Steering Committee to help in the local organization of the
  1991 CSICOP Conference to be held in the Berkeley area has been,
  for the most part, named. In alphabetical order, they are:

  -- Yves Barbero (Chair), San Francisco
  -- Ken Goehring, Weed
  -- Larry Loebig, Oakland
  -- Rick Moen, San Francisco
  -- Gil Shapiro (Deputy Chair), Moraga
  -- Norm Sperling, Oakland
  -- Bob Steiner, El Cerrito

  In addition, individuals from other areas of California will be
  invited to join the committee to coordinate publicity in their area
  and one member of Berkeley Skeptics will be invited to coordinate
  student activities on campus.

  BAY AREA SKEPTICS, as host organization, has instructed the chair
  of the committee to make any future appointments. If you feel you
  have something to contribute to make this a successful conference,
  please contact him at 415-285-4358. Membership on the committee
  will be based entirely on merit without regard to group
  affiliation.


  A NOTE FROM THE NEW EDITOR...

  I've been hanging around Bay Area Skeptics for a number of years

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  now. At first, I folded, stapled and mailed this newsletter.
  Later, I graduated to being meeting coordinator and with the help
  of a lot of fine people, managed to look pretty good in that job.
  After several years of excellent work by Kent Harker, I've taken
  over as editor of "BASIS".

  Don't expect any false modesty from me. I think I'm pretty
  qualified. I spent a year and a half as a reporter for the "Bangor
  Daily News" in Maine. I've had a novel published by Doubleday ("The
  CTZ Paradigm," 1975) and have had numerous articles published here
  and there. Some of you may have even seen some of my stuff in these
  pages. I also helped edit the "Hard Hat News" for the labor
  movement, a newsletter which borrowed its technical format from
  "BASIS".

  For this newsletter to continue succeeding, it will require many
  hours of my time and the time of our friends and supporters. I
  invite articles of facts and opinions, letters, both friendly and
  critical (they can be both), and suggestions. I hope to be
  professional in my use of material. This means that I will edit
  materials as suits the needs of the publication. You may send
  editorial matter directly to me. Editorial matter sent to "BASIS"
  remains yours after publication although we have a policy of
  allowing newsletters from like-minded group to reprint articles.

      Yves Barbero
      1073 Dolores Street
      San Francisco, CA 94110
      415-285-4358

  The primary focus of BAY AREA SKEPTICS is the promotion of science
  education, consumer protection against psychic fraud, exposing
  various confidence schemes related to medical and spiritual
  situations, the promotion of critical thinking and the
  investigation of the paranormal. The goal of "BASIS" is to reflect
  this focus, whether the editorial material be serious, humorous
  (nothing requires us to be somber) or satirical.

  Skepticism is not an absolute or ideology. It is a methodology,
  that is, a way of looking at things. It is not really an ethical
  system either. There are plenty of scoundrels in the movement. It
  assumes that the universe is neutral in the affairs of individuals
  and nations. Skepticism can never answer questions of spirituality
  or purpose. So we leave those questions to groups better suited to
  those ends.

  Its one focus is the discovery of facts, a thing that is
  unconcerned about virtue or villainy. This doesn't mean that
  skeptics do not have ethics. Most of us are involved in an ethical
  organization or one sort or another, whether this be humanist,
  political, religious or whatever. Skepticism is a tool. Motivation
  must come from other sources. As human beings, naturally, we do not
  normally make such distinctions. We do it only on reflection so as
  to understand our intellect better. The distinction, however,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  should help us understand why such diverse elements as
  libertarians, atheists, religious, labor activists, communists,
  mainstream political types, cops, computer experts etc. gather
  under the skeptics' banner.

  By inserting ourselves into the mainstream and questioning
  (sometimes loudly and in the public media) psychics, faith healers
  and the like, we draw attention to ourselves and help educate the
  public. We have, in this process, reminded academics to come down
  (sometimes grudgingly) from their ivory towers and join in the fray
  and have, I'd like to think, helped in linking the scientific
  community to the public.

  We ain't perfect! A lot more needs to be done to reach out to the
  community at large. Considering the voluntary nature of our
  organization, we've done a good deal. But it's not enough. I hope
  I can contribute to the growth of the organization by putting out
  a sharp newsletter. I expect the reader to let me know when I'm off
  base. I'd like to be tipped off to abuses by individuals or
  organizations preying on the public. I will work best if I get
  feedback.

  Lastly, if you have a need to understand where I come from, I work
  under the following principles.

  => It's possible for the bad guys to win. They're as smart as the
  good guys.

  => Extraordinary claims require extraordinary proofs.

  => No one has all the answers.

  => Explanations which attribute all things to a single cause are
  wrong.

  => The cosmos are indifferent but tend to favor the prepared.

  I do not put these in a philosophically eloquent form but I've
  found them to be good rules of thumb.


  "How can you call yourself an expert on the occult when occult
  means hidden or secret?"
                -- Anton Szandor LaVey


  THANK YOU, KENT HARKER
  by Bob Steiner

  Thank you, Kent Harker, Editor Emeritus, from me, from all people
  associated with Bay Area Skeptics, from the readers, from the
  community at large, and from the many around planet Earth who have

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  been touched by the far-reaching ripples of the wisdom that
  trickled from your computer over the past years.

  Your writing and your service to Bay Area Skeptics have been an
  inspiration to many. You are an excellent writer, an analytical
  thinker, and are extremely knowledgeable about not just skepticism,
  but about life in general. The icing on the cake is that you are
  professionally expert at the computer.

  We appreciate your well-considered editorials, your processing the
  considerable data submitted to you, your organizational skills,
  your participation in the activities of Bay Area Skeptics, . . .
  the list goes on.

  We were indeed fortunate to have had Kent Harker as our eminently
  qualified Editor over the past few years.

  THANK YOU, KENT!


  WITHOUT MISSING A BEAT

  Whether it be caused by serendipity or dedication, one has the
  distinct impression that the editorship of "BASIS" has a charmed
  existence.

  After I struggled with the first several issues, I was able to
  cajole Mike McCarthy into assuming the editorship of "BASIS". If
  you were to make a list of ideal qualifications for the Editor of
  BASIS, you would find that Mike qualifies on every count.

  After Mike's excellent service as Editor, some of us were worried
  about the future when Mike decided to move on. He would be a tough
  act to follow.

  Mike located Ray Spangenburg and Diane Moser to assume the
  position. Whew! We did it! Ray and Diane were excellent. They, too,
  met every qualification on the hypothetical wish-list. They too
  came through with flying colors.

  When Ray and Diane (now Kit) were ready to move on, there was no
  panic necessary. Kent was ready and able to pick up the ball and
  keep going. In case you noticed, the word willing was missing from
  the previous sentence. Not to worry. If all it took was to convince
  Kent to take a non-paying job that he had already told three
  different people he would not take, I considered myself prepared to
  tackle that task.

  As you well know from reading "BASIS" over the past three years, we
  all won when Kent took over the position. He too meets every
  qualification on the wish-list.

  Now that Kent has decided to move one, Yves Barbero is here to pick

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  up the reins. Yves had been a dedicated activist for Bay Area
  Skeptics for many years. He is an excellent writer and, happily, is
  a computer whiz, as have been all the other Editors of "BASIS".
  Yes, he satisfies all of the wish-list qualifications.

  Much luck and success to you, Yves, as you embark on this new
  venture.

  And to everybody else, please cooperate with Yves. Submit articles,
  letters, commentary, news reports, and moral support. Yves, as does
  every editor, wants them all.

  Stick around and watch, Kent. You will find that the building you
  have helped to erect will continue to grow and prosper and educate.

  Onward!


  "Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you."
                  -- Satchell Paige


  ...A SMALL GEM

  "The Heretic's Handbook of Quotations". Edited by Charles Bufe. 203
  pages. See Sharp Press, P.O. Box 6118, San Francisco, CA 94101.
  ($11.95 plus 1.50 P/H) Don't forget the sales tax.

  "He is a true fugitive who flies from reason."
                   -- Marcus Aurelius

  Someone has finally done it. Charles Bufe has compiled a book of
  quotations for US! Most books of quotations are lofty,
  inspirational or intended to make us solid citizens. To find
  something useful, you have to put on deep boots and wade through
  pious cliches. Bufe has rejected this guideline and assembled a
  book which serves the merely intelligent, the ordinary social
  critic, the curious skeptic.

  You will find a number of quotations throughout this month's issue.
  They are all from Bufe's handbook.

  Bufe covers scientific thinking, religion (or its lack), politics,
  women's issues, labor, patriotism, capitalism, revolution, freedom,
  law and a wide variety of other concerns. The book is not for the
  faint of heart or those who have all the answers. In fact, Bufe
  shows contrast by devoting a good portion to the opposition.

  "Give to every human being every right that you claim for
  yourself."            -- Robert Ingersoll

  "Obedience to the Law is Freedom"

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
         -- Sign over entrance to the Fort Dix [N.J.] stockade

  To be sure, the handbook favors the activist over the conservative.
  But it doesn't spare totalitarians of any stripe.

  "The National Socialist Party will prevent in the future, by force
  if necessary, all meetings and lectures which are likely to
  exercise a depressing influence..."
            -- Adolf Hitler (Speech in Munich, January 4, 1921)

  "...deprive the reactionaries of the right to speak."
       -- Mao Tse Tung ("On the People's Democratic Dictatorship")

  "Books of apostates, heretics, schismatics, and all other writers
  defending heresy or schism or in any way attacking the foundations
  of religion, are altogether prohibited."
       -- Pope Leo XIII ("General Decrees Concerning the
         Prohibition and Censorship of Books", January 25, 1897)

  His capsule bibliography at the end of the book not only reflects
  on those quoted in an informative manner but is a delight to read.

  AL CAPONE - American businessman and gun fancier.

  The bibliography is full of little known facts about individuals
  who have fallen through the cracks of history.

  GEORGE WASHINGTON - 1732-1799, first U.S. president.

  The best thing about the book is that it's a great deal of fun.

  --Yves Barbero


  THE SKEPTIC'S ELECTRONIC BULLETIN BOARD
  => 2400 Baud, 415-648-8944
  => 24 hours, 7 days a week
  => Rick Moen, Sysop


  LIFE THROUGH TIME

  If the parking problems are any indication, the California Academy
  of Sciences LIFE THROUGH TIME exhibit is one of the more successful
  in recent memory.

  Years in the planning and building, this permanent exhibit uses the
  most advanced visual and computer technology around and mixes it
  seamlessly with live specimens and models to explain evolution.

  Dr. Eugenie C. Scott of the National Center for Science Education,
  which is on the forefront of the battle to prevent the corruption

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  of science education in the classroom, will lead the tour.

  Long the scourge of "scientific" creationists, Dr. Scott was
  trained as an anthropologist. Her leadership in the area of
  defending evolution against know-nothingism has made her one of the
  most knowledgeable scholars in the field. She can only add luster
  to an already excellent exhibit.

  The cost is $1. Kids under five are free.


  --------------------------------------------
  |             WANTED                     |
  |                               |
  | => Original and appropriate graphics. |
  | => Someone who can accurately transcribe |
  | interviews from cassette tapes.            |
  | => A good photographer.                    |
  |                               |
  | THE HOURS are lousy, there is no pay |
  | (except that we quickly if grudgingly |
  | pay expenses) and you have to put up |
  | with our company.                        |
  |                               |
  | A sense of humor is helpful but not          |
  | required.                         |
  --------------------------------------------


  CALENDAR
  September meeting...

  Life Through Time
  by: Eugenie C. Scott, PhD

  Saturday, September 22, 1:30 pm
  California Academy of Sciences

  The California Academy of Sciences is located in Golden Gate Park
  in San Francisco across from the DeYoung Museum. Use the 9th Avenue
  entrance from the south, the 6th Avenue or Arguello entrance from
  the north or the Fell Street entrance from the east. Parking is
  tough on Saturdays. Give yourself some time.

  Watch for coming events in the BAS CALENDAR, or call 415-LA-TRUTH
  for up to the minute details on events. If you have ideas about
  topics or speakers, leave a message on the hotline.

  WARNING: We STRONGLY URGE that you call the hotline shortly before
  attending any Calendar activity to see if there have been any
  changes.


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  BAS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  Chair: Larry Loebig
  Vice Chair: Yves Barbero
  Secretary: Rick Moen
  Treasurer: Kent Harker
  Shawn Carlson
  Andrew Fraknoi
  Mark Hodes
  Lawrence Jerome
  John Lattanzio
  Eugenie Scott
  Norman Sperling


  "BASIS" STAFF:
  Yves Barbero, editor; Sharon Crawford, assoc. editor;
  Wilma Russell, distribution; Rick Moen, circulation;
  Kate Talbot, meeting coordinator; John Taube, media watch.


  BAS ADVISORS

  William J. Bennetta, Scientific Consultant
  Dean Edell, M.D., ABC Medical Reporter
  Donald Goldsmith, Ph.D., Astronomer and Attorney
  Earl Hautala, Research Chemist
  Alexander Jason, Investigative Consultant
  Thomas H. Jukes, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  John E. McCosker, Ph.D., Director, Steinhart Aquarium
  Diane Moser, Science writer
  Richard J. Ofshe, Ph.D.,U. C. Berkeley
  Bernard Oliver, Ph.D., NASA Ames Research Center
  Kevin Padian, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley
  James Randi, Magician, Author, Lecturer
  Francis Rigney, M.D., Pacific Presbyterian Med. Center
  Wallace I. Sampson, M.D., Stanford University
  Eugenie C. Scott, Ph.D., Anthropologist
  Robert Sheaffer, Technical Writer, UFO expert
  Robert A. Steiner, CPA, Magician, Lecturer, Writer
  Ray Spangenburg, Science writer
  Jill C. Tarter, Ph.D., U. C. Berkeley


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the September 1990 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1990 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1990 09.txt[21/01/2023 18:18:04]
