{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T07:00:02Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 56823, "source_ctime_ns": 1790261323321977428, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1982-08.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790261323316696443, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bay-Area-Skeptics-Information-Sheet---1982-08.pdf", "source_sha256": "4021990284e0475d1a27fca7ce6c7b65a8ba388ac7295c947eeb43b68af115b9"}

--------------------------------------------------------
  August 1982 "BASIS", newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics
  --------------------------------------------------------
         Bay Area Skeptics Information Sheet
                Vol. 1, No. 3
     Editor: Bob Steiner Publisher: Dan Byrd

  Bay Area Skeptics is the first local chapter of the Committee for
  the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP)


  AND JUST WHAT IS CSICOP?

  "The Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the
  Paranormal attempts to encourage the critical investigation of
  paranormal and fringe-science claims from a responsible, scientific
  point of view, and to disseminate factual information about the
  results of such inquiries to the scientific community and the
  public."

  CSICOP was founded in 1976 by a group of courageous people who were
  willing to seek truth in the face of a multitude who were seeking
  mystical answers to life, and in the face of many who "earn" their
  livings from preying upon the desperation of those who seek simple
  answers to life's problems.

  Associated with CSICOP are scientists, writers, professors,
  magicians, doctors, and many others from various disciplines.
  Their common interest is in finding and disseminating the truth.

  Since its founding, CSICOP has done much to alert the public to
  critically analyze the numerous unsubstantiated claims floating
  about in the world.

  CSICOP publishes an excellent quarterly entitled the "Skeptical
  Inquirer". ($16.50 per year to the "Skeptical Inquirer", Box 229,
  Central Park Station, Buffalo, NY 14215. Tell 'em you read about
  it in "BASIS".) For current news in the field of the paranormal,
  as well as for the starting point for further research, we heartily
  recommend the "Skeptical Inquirer".


      "Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence."
      -- Thomas Szasz.


  TRACKING A "PSYCHIC"
  by Dr. Kenneth D. Bomben

  On Dec. 31, 1981, Channel 7 (KGO) had psychic Jeanne Borger on "AM


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  San Francisco" to make predictions of events for 1982. Among other
  predictions (which cannot be evaluated until the end of 1982), she
  made two predictions for times early in 1982: (1) there would be
  a Reagan assassination attempt in April, and (2) the stock market
  would hit 700 in April.

  Neither of these occurred. The stock market went below 800 in
  March, but it did not "hit 700". If there was an assassination
  attempt, the media WEREN'T invited. Of particular interest,
  however, are the major events that were missed, namely (1) the
  Israeli invasion of Lebanon and the role of the US as arms
  supplier, (2) the Falklands War and the US role in it, and (3) the
  resignation of Alexander Haig. These three events should have had
  a significant impact on any "view" of 1982.

  For completeness, other predictions were (4) Reagan would have
  heart and kidney problems, (5) the government would force people
  to keep their money in the country; no foreign bank accounts, no
  ownership of foreign money, (6) two earthquakes would occur, with
  the one in Los Angeles being much, much worse than the one in San
  Francisco (no dates specified), (7) unemployment would get much
  worse, then level off by the end of the year, (8) Barbara Walters
  will have a dispute with and possibly leave ABC, and (9) Egypt and
  Libya will have a conflict and the United States will be implicated
  by foreign concerns.

  While the final chapter has not been written on these predictions,
  it should be noted that the US dollar has strengthened against
  foreign currency, making (5) unlikely, and that the only earthquake
  reported so far this year in Los Angeles caused no damage.


  MORE TRACKING
  by Michael McCarthy

  [Ed. Note: Both Ken Bomben and Mike McCarthy did excellent
  analyses of Jeanne Borger's predictions. Although J.B. is not
  strictly Bay Area, she is widely known enough that an analysis
  seems instructive. Since we published Ken on the specifics, let's
  see the fine job Mike did on the methods.]

  It must be borne in mind that a large number of Ms. Borger's
  "predictions" are not easily checked, due to her careful phrasing,
  not to mention her choice of topics. One of her stylistic marks
  is the "either/or" prediction, of which this is an example: "The
  threat of a Soviet invasion of Poland still casts a somber shadow
  across the whole of Europe. IF THAT HAPPENS, it is LIKELY TO OCCUR
  in March or early April. IF IT DOES NOT HAPPEN, the Soviet Union
  will later in 1982 call in its loans to the Polish government"
  (emphasis added). In other contexts, this appears as "if the
  invasion has not occurred by (period), then it will not occur at
  all." Note her use of "likely to occur"; even if the Soviets
  invaded in July (now a moot issue), her "likely" is an out.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  "Probably" and "likely" are commonly scattered in her predictions.

  Secondly, many of her predictions are vague, or involve personal
  issues in the lives of pop figures, much of which cannot be
  confirmed or denied in any event. For example: "Jeanne
  Kirkpatrick (UN ambassador) is in serious danger from the middle
  of June through mid-July. During this period, diplomats around the
  world will be in danger and at least one will die, PROBABLY in
  July" (emphasis added). Even if Mrs. Kirkpatrick is not in the
  papers for a life threat, the nature of the serious danger and the
  likelihood that a threat might go unreported makes a denial of this
  prediction difficult. Added to this is the problem of defining a
  "diplomat".


          This space is too small to say anything meaningful.


  H.A.N.D.


  THE SKEPTICS WHO DEBUNK PSEUDO-SCIENCE
  by Michael Robertson
  [from the "San Francisco Chronicle", Thursday, July 22, 1982]

      "So this guy walks into his bedroom and there in his bed with
      his wife is his best friend. `OK,' his best friend says,
      `whom are you going to believe, me or your eyes?'" -- A joke
      with a message

  No doubt about it, the founding party of the Bay Area Skeptics at
  Bob Steiner's El Cerrito apartment is a big success.

  The Shroud of Turin, precognition, UFOs, psychic surgery,
  creationism, psycho-kinesis, laetrile, mental telepathy, palm
  reading, Kirlian auras, astrology, the Bermuda Triangle, and
  William Shatner's hairline -- the 35 people assembled here tonight
  are festooning these problematic notions with question marks the
  way some people put tinsel on a Christmas tree.

  Though the talk is good, around 11 p.m. the card tricks and hand
  magic begin. Psychologist Terry Sandbek does a couple. UFO
  researcher Robert Sheaffer does a couple. Host Steiner does a
  couple dozen.

  These are quick, clever deceptions, and the skeptics love them all.
  It is play with a purpose, catch-me-if-you-can. The skeptics don't
  know how it's done, but they know they're being tricked. And that,
  not ironically, is what they love most of all.

  Bay Area Skeptics is an idea searching for a final shape. The

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  group is actually the local chapter of the Committee for the
  Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal. But the Bay
  Area Skeptics would like to take an even broader approach.

  The question is, how broad?

  Shall they simply "tell", providing volunteer teachers for schools
  and other interested groups? Or shall they also "show", tackling
  fake psychics one-on-one?

  Dr. Wallace Sampson, one of the group's six directors, prefers they
  concentrate on teaching.

  But, he says, "I am in favor of debunking newsworthy cases. There
  may be no other way except to investigate and expose. We hear a
  great deal about psychic healers and psychics finding missing
  persons. But we don't hear about skeptics challenging these
  claims. If people know an organization can dispel claims, they may
  be less likely to accept them.

  ("Have Doubts Will Travel", their cards might say. "Wire Skeptics,
  San Francisco.")

  Board member Robert Sheaffer, author of "The UFO Verdict:
  Examining the Evidence", is particularly irritated by what he
  considers to be the media's ready acceptance of outrageous claims.
  He hopes the group will serve as a resource for confused newspeople
  -- if only they will ask.

  "Look at all the positive stories about the Shroud of Turin", he
  says. "There is an irresponsible element in the press that reaches
  for sensationalism. A story on UFOs is treated as if it were
  filler."

  When Sheaffer was young, he says he believed in flying saucers,
  encouraged by the popular press. But after doing serious reading
  and research, "I modified my views. I felt I had been had. Why
  isn't someone contradicting so much misinformation? It's like a
  natural force, like erosion. If no one opposes it, it'll win by
  default."

  Though they enjoy an occasional card trick, the Bay Area Skeptics
  are serious people. Sampson is a hematologist and oncologist with
  a practice in Mountain View. He is on the clinical medical faculty
  of the Stanford University Medical Center, and teaches classes on
  medical fraud there and elsewhere.

  His fellow board members are also respectably credentialed.
  Sandbek is a clinical psychologist in private practice near
  Sacramento, specializing in anorexia and bulimia. Sheaffer is a
  science writer and programmer of highly specialized computer
  software.

  Lawrence Jerome is a writer, college instructor, and consultant,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  trained as an engineer. Andy Fraknoi is executive officer of the
  Astronomical Society of the Pacific and former newspaper astronomy
  columnist.

  Steiner, the catalyst for the group's formation, is a CPA and part-
  time professional psychic debunker.

  Though a majority of the group's members are scientists of one sort
  or another, they insist their views are not monolithic. Sandbek,
  for example, is an evangelical Christian. Steiner is a militant
  atheist.

  The group might legitimately criticize the teaching of creationism
  in public schools because, as Sampson puts it, in that situation,
  you have "religion claiming to be a science. But prayer in the
  schools -- I think that's out of bounds for the organization."

  Sampson is personally uncomfortable with the word "skeptic" because
  it suggests that members of the group would prefer not to believe
  in anything.

  Sandbek agrees that the "word is loaded.... I would love to see
  psychic phenomena proved true. Like Carl Sagan, I would like
  definite proof we've been visited (from outer space). My job is
  to prove such things do exist. But I haven't found that proof
  yet."

  Sheaffer uses the UFO controversy to illustrate what he believes
  is the crucial difference between healthy skepticism and uncritical
  belief.

  "We can be proved wrong, but they can't. One UFO in Golden Gate
  Park for one hour, and we're proved wrong before the whole world.
  But no matter how many cases skeptics refute, (believers) say they
  just weren't the right ones."

  Members of the group agree there are real dangers in not demanding
  compelling proof for pseudo-scientific phenomena. Law enforcement
  officers can waste time and energy listening to psychic crime-
  solvers.

  Passivity is encouraged when UFO believers wait for God-like aliens
  to intervene and clean up the world's mess. The seriously ill can
  be diverted from traditional medicine until it is too late by
  psychic healers and by medical "discoveries" like laetrile.

  It is 1 in the morning, and almost everyone has left. Steiner's
  houseguest, Jack Patterson, professor of engineering at Iowa State
  University, rests in an armchair. He is a somber, impressively
  quiet man.

  In an indirect way, he is responsible for the birth of the group.
  In the '70s, during a public debate with a fellow Iowa State
  faculty member who was offering academic courses in which all sorts

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  of psychic claims were treated as fact, he met Steiner. That was
  the real beginning of Steiner's career as a debunker.

  Some of the skeptics are almost exuberant in their doubt.
  Patterson is not.

  Humanity's problem is gullibility, not lack of intelligence, he
  thinks.

  "The willingness to think critically is a matter of courage, which
  most people don't have. To have that courage...," Patterson
  pauses, "...sometimes I believe you almost have to betray your
  parents to learn how to think critically."


  FOOLING THE BELIEVERS
  by Michael Robertson
  [from the "San Francisco Chronicle", Thursday, July 22, 1982.
  Photographs omitted.]

  Robert Sheaffer, member of the Bay Area Skeptics, is serious about
  debunking beliefs in UFOs. In fact, he put together his own photos
  of flying saucers.

  The two UFOs shown above actually represent a single elliptical
  light source that was photographed twice in a darkened basement.
  The camera was then carried outdoors to record the background. The
  film was not advanced between the three exposures.

  The flying saucer at right was fabricated from an aluminum plate,
  cottage cheese container, Ping-Pong balls, black tape, and some
  black dots to serve as portholes. Because no other object appears
  in the picture, it is impossible for the viewer to determine the
  size or distance of the UFO.


  THE OTHER SIDE OF SKEPTICISM
  by Michael Robertson
  [from the "San Francisco Chronicle", Thursday, July 22, 1982]

  Skepticism is a useful tool in evaluating virtually anything,
  including skepticism itself.

  The Bay Area Skeptics do have a critic, or at least a friend who
  fears they may go too far.

  Psychologist Ray Hyman was at the organization's founding party not
  as a member but as a guest, a highly respected one. He is about
  to begin his sabbatical from the University of Oregon, where he has
  taught since 1961.

  During the next academic year, Hyman, a specialist in the science

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  of thinking, will be the Thomas Welton Stanford visiting professor
  at Stanford University.

  Thomas Welton was Senator Leland Stanford's youngest brother, who
  went to Australia as a young man and never left it. A believer in
  spiritualism, in 1912 he gave $50,000 to the university to
  establish a "psychical research fellowship".

  Hyman, who has spent over 30 years testing psychic claims, is not
  in complete sympathy with the Bay Area Skeptics and their goals.

  Long-term education of the public is a good idea, but he doubts the
  value of headline grabbing by confronting bogus psychics. "It's
  like chopping the head of a hydra. A thousand more grow."

  He also fears a possible conflict of interest, because Bob Steiner
  makes part of his living as a professional debunker. (Steiner says
  he earns comparatively little in that capacity.)

  Some skeptics, Hyman thinks, tend to "think they are holier than
  thou. They think (those who believe) are gullible or stupid."

  "In one sense, (the skeptics) are dogmatic, just like the other
  side. They know science. They think they can't be fooled. I
  think they can be taken."

  As a young man -- and before he began graduate study at Johns
  Hopkins University from which he received his Ph.D. in experimental
  psychology -- Hyman read palms. He was a professional entertainer,
  and it was part of his act. But he gradually became convinced he
  had a genuine gift. This self-deception frequently happens among
  would-be psychics.

  He discovered the truth about his talents when a friend advised him
  he tell people the exact opposite of what their palms "said". To
  his surprise, his subjects still lavishly praised his accuracy.

  Drawing on his own experience, Hyman sees certain hazards in hard-
  core skepticism. "I have a background in magic. I know I can be
  fooled, that (I may see a new trick), and have no answer
  whatsoever, at least for a while. I might be confronted by a
  legitimate psychic, and think that it was only a new trick.

  Hyman agrees that abuses like medical fraud must be exposed. But
  a defense can be made, he thinks, of those psychics who confine
  their ministrations to the spirit.

  Psychic readers, Hyman says, can do good. "People come away better
  able to deal with their problems. They become aware of new
  insights and new possibilities. The fallacy, of course, is that
  it's the psychic reader. A computer could do the job just as well.
  It all comes from within."


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  THE OTHER SIDE OF THE OTHER SIDE OF SKEPTICISM

  Ray Hyman is a Fellow of CSICOP, is a respected psychologist and
  educator, and has spent over 30 years testing psychic claims. He
  takes some unusual positions, which should be addressed (see
  newspaper article elsewhere in this newsletter.

  "Some skeptics... tend to `think they are holier than thou.'" In
  my considerable association with CSICOP and Bay Area Skeptics, I
  have found a "holier than thou" attitude to be almost a scarce as
  unicorns. We all seek to learn. Ray laid his "holier than thou"
  charge on the skeptics in conjunction with his explaining why HIS
  way is the ONLY way for EVERYONE to address the subject of "bogus
  psychics". (The redundancy in the last two words is Ray's, not
  your editor's.)

  The skeptics "think they can't be fooled." On the contrary: the
  very fact that we realize that anyone can be fooled is one of the
  main driving forces for all of us to refine our scientific,
  logical, and investigative techniques, in order to detect the
  methods that might fool us.

  Ray "fears a possible conflict of interest because Bob Steiner
  makes part of his living as a professional debunker." Were this
  simply a cheap shot, we would not address it at all. However, it
  goes against the fundamental concepts of human freedom, the
  workings of the marketplace, critical analysis, and the development
  of expertise.

  To wit, if we were to accept Ray's curious logic, we would be led
  to the following absurd conclusions: Wallace I. Sampson, M.D.,
  could not assess medical frauds, because he earns his living as a
  medical doctor; Robert Sheaffer would not be allowed to write about
  a scientific investigation, because he earns part of his living as
  a science writer; Terry Sandbek could not analyze the psychology
  of belief, because he earns his living as a psychologist; and Ray
  Hyman would be prohibited from "drumming up business for himself"
  by asserting that "long-term education of the public is a good
  idea," because he earns his living as an educator.

  (I am paid for an occasional presentation at a university,
  hospital, or convention. Ray is paid as a full-time professor, and
  proudly states that he has spent over 30 years testing psychic
  claims. IF the receipt of money did indeed constitute a conflict
  of interest for one investigating psychic claims, why is not Ray's
  ethical conflict many times greater than mine?)

  And lastly, we have this Fellow of CSICOP firmly and publicly
  defending the "good" that "psychics" do, and explaining how belief
  in a fallacy ("fallacy" is Ray's word) can help people to "come
  away better able to deal with their problems. They become aware
  of new insights and new possibilities."


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  Ray, since you sincerely believe that "psychics" purveying a
  fallacy are capable of such good, is that the message of the "long-
  term education of the public" you hope to disseminate by using your
  associations with CSICOP and BAS?


  ANOTHER REPLY TO RAY
  by Terry Sandbek

  Since Ray Hyman has taken it upon himself to publicly criticize the
  PROPOSED methods of BAS, I would like to speak as a founding Board
  member to some of these comments.

  I. It is ironic that Hyman, who implies that BAS is too dogmatic,
  is himself quite dogmatic about our intentions for directly
  confronting psychics on their turf. Hyman thinks the only way to
  confront paranormal phenomena is in polite debate and scholarly
  articles. Although these methods are of vital importance, it is
  somewhat presumptuous to assume his methods are the only
  appropriate ones. His hydra metaphor is apt -- we do feel as if
  a thousand psychics pop up for every one we confront. Yet, has
  anyone ever conquered a hydra thorough debate? Perhaps each method
  has its place. Since we do not wish to deny Hyman his methods for
  dealing with claimed paranormal experience, we would appreciate the
  same courtesy in return.

  It is possible that the methods of BAS are an anathema to Hyman
  because they lack an ivory-tower sterility. However, social
  psychology research and the observations of political realities
  leave us little choice but to try to reach people as directly as
  possible. Since our goal is an educational one -- to teach people
  how to be less gullible and to evaluate unusual claims more
  realistically -- we must use methods that correspond to the daily
  life of the average person. This AVERAGE American does not read
  professional journals, nor is he or she interested in scholarly
  debate. (How many political candidates have won election for the
  scholarliness of their positions?)

  Because of the media age in which we live, unless a group can grab
  the attention of the masses, they will languish in the dusty pages
  of library backrooms. It would be nice if we could present our
  views through the gentlemanly process of dialogue, but the real
  world does not run that way. Our potential audience is also
  considerably more than those few individuals who read intelligently
  written articles. Which has a wider circulation, the "Skeptical
  Inquirer" or the "National Enquirer"?

  This is not to imply that we believe the average person to lack
  intelligence. As Patterson pointed out, the issue is gullibility,
  not intelligence. There are so many demands on people's time that
  very few have the interest or availability to look at paranormal
  experience in any depth. If we can awaken the public to the
  possibility that all claimed psychic phenomena should not be taken

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  for granted, then we will have done our job. For more detailed
  analyses of the issues, people can then go to more lengthy
  discussions in those journals that provide such information.

  II. As a clinical psychologist, I am more personally concerned
  that Hyman should make statements completely out of touch with the
  psychology profession. He states that psychic readers are benign,
  maybe even helpful, because "people come away better able to deal
  with their problems." I would be interested in the study that even
  hints that this possibility exists. For people to deal with
  problems better, they need to learn a whole series of coping skills
  that seldom come to them through osmosis or out of the blue.

  In other words, professional psychology is a learning process, but
  can the same be said of psychic readings? What type of learning
  takes place? It is questionable that the psychic reader (pseudo-
  therapist?) has any goals for the clients other than calming their
  minds and making them feel good. This anaesthetic approach, which
  masks problems, exists in the minds of science fiction writers and
  in hospitals that use the psychotropic medication as a last resort.
  No competent psychotherapist would accept this state of affairs as
  an acceptable criterion for personal change. After all, substance
  abuse is used specifically for feeling better and getting rid of
  stress.

  Therapy is not an experience that helps people feel better, gives
  them insight, or calms them down. Not that there is anything wrong
  with these goals in and of themselves. The issue is how we go
  about arriving at these goals. Therapy is a process that attempts
  to show people HOW to gain more personal responsibility for their
  thoughts and actions. It teaches them to take risks and to accept
  the fact that life has no certainties.

  In contrast, the psychic reader gives people the mind set that
  there are guarantees in life, and that all we have to do is to tap
  into some mysterious outside force to achieve happiness, to make
  correct decisions, and to minimize disruptions in our lives. This
  approach to life can be devastatingly harmful. Self-determination
  is one of the most important components of maturity. Yet the
  psychic reader allows one to give up personal responsibility. To
  give this up is to relinquish all that is truly human: dignity,
  self-respect, and autonomy.


  WHO KNOWS?

  The enclosed newspaper articles in the "San Francisco Chronicle"
  attracted several interested parties, some of whom will certainly
  add to our considerable listing of talented scientific consultants.

  On Sunday, August 1, Bob Steiner was interviewed on Channel 7's
  "A.M. Weekend". Hostess Sylvia Ramirez probed in some depth into
  the nature and purpose of Bay Area Skeptics. Following that,

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  Steiner probed in some depth into the stomach of the poor guy on
  the table, in an expose of "psychic surgery".


  SPACE ALIENS INFILTRATE BAY AREA
  by Robert Sheaffer

  "Psychic" Maria McKensie revealed in an interview with "The
  Examiner" (the national supermarket tabloid, not the local paper)
  that space aliens disguised as humans are roaming the streets of
  San Francisco! "I discovered them two years ago", she says, "but
  I didn't reveal their presence then because I was afraid it would
  start a panic." Looking out her office window in San Francisco's
  financial district, she reportedly became aware of people walking
  strangely -- as if they weren't fully adjusted to earth's gravity.
  (In some circles, people like that are known as junkies.) "And
  even more strange, they always stayed in the same small area."

  It was two months before McKensie got up the courage to follow
  them. "They went into a Chinese restaurant, and disappeared into
  its back room." She somehow found the courage to barge into that
  room, and discovered to her horror that "they all had six fingers
  of exactly the same length, and their skin was shiny and moist."
  McKensie hit them "with a strong barrage of psychic energy", but
  they fought back with their tremendous will. Soon afterward, the
  aliens' skins "began to dissolve into powder", and in a few
  minutes, all that was left was their clothing. Ms. McKensie
  laments that "I haven't been able to locate them since."


  ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY MEETS
  by Andrew Fraknoi

  As part of the 93rd Annual Scientific Meeting of the Astronomical
  Society of the Pacific, we offered a two-day workshop for school
  teachers on incorporating more astronomy in the school curriculum.
  Included was about 45 minutes on debunking pseudo-science, which
  included distribution of an annotated bibliography on scientific
  views of fringe areas. (The "Skeptical Inquirer" appeared
  frequently among our recommendations.)

  I am very pleases to report that in their evaluations, the
  approximately 100 teachers who attended uniformly singled out this
  portion of the workshop for praise and urged us to make more of
  such information available.


  While you still occasionally hear a university or college professor
  exclaim that we should not dignify the pseudo-sciences by rebutting
  them, it seems that at the elementary and high-school levels,
  teachers are deluged with student questions in these areas. The
  teachers welcome the kind of objective, rational information CSICOP

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
  can provide.

  If we can continue to make every effort to bring this type of
  information to teachers at the lower levels, perhaps fewer and
  fewer students will grow up believing that the stars determine
  their love-lives, or that our ancestors were too dim-witted to
  start civilization without the help of extraterrestrial visitors.


  "TRUISMS"

  Andy set forth two of the relatively few generally accepted
  "truisms" that form the basis for much of the nonsense that passes
  for reality today. (If anyone has noted any other "truisms",
  please send them on to the editor. Ready?:

  Our ancestors lacked the intelligence, the strength, the skill, and
  the tools required to do the things that they obviously did.
  (Therefore, there must have been outside help.)

  Little children, especially little girls, are always honest, never
  lie, never use trickery, and it would be unthinkable for them to
  even entertain the thought of fooling the adult world by deception.
  After all, what joy could they derive from fooling their elders?

  When someone claiming psychic ability has been caught cheating
  numerous times, that person is obviously NOT cheating on any of the
  experiments in which the investigating parapsychologist does not
  detect any cheating.

  The purpose of every thing and event in the universe is to
  personally influence your life.

  Children have a NEED to believe in irrational things.

  Adults have a NEED to believe in irrational things.


  $5.00

  A yearly subscription to "BASIS" can be obtained by sending a $5
  payment to Bay Area Skeptics, Box 659, El Cerrito, CA 94530.

  If your label shows "I0882", that means that you made Inquiry, or
  that we Invited you to subscribe. In either event, your freebie
  will expire with this August 1982 issue.

  If you have accepted the invitation to become a scientific
  consultant, and have not subscribed, there is a problem for which
  I do not have a ready solution... BUT YOU DO!

  Tell your friends and associates about Bay Area Skeptics.

Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
      "It is a sobering thought to realize that not a single report
      of [a psychic happening] over a period of 125 years has
      managed to stand up to scientific scrutiny." -- Ray Hyman


                         -----

  Opinions expressed in "BASIS" are those of the authors and do not
  necessarily reflect those of BAS, its board or its advisors.

  The above are selected articles from the August, 1982 issue of
  "BASIS", the monthly publication of Bay Area Skeptics. You can
  obtain a free sample copy by sending your name and address to BAY
  AREA SKEPTICS, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco, CA 94122-3928 or by
  leaving a message on "The Skeptic's Board" BBS (415-648-8944) or
  on the 415-LA-TRUTH (voice) hotline.

  Copyright (C) 1982 BAY AREA SKEPTICS. Reprints must credit "BASIS,
  newsletter of the Bay Area Skeptics, 4030 Moraga, San Francisco,
  CA 94122-3928."

                         -END-


Bay Area Skeptic Informatoin Sheet - 1982 08.txt[21/01/2023 18:17:49]
