{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T21:11:33Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 100446, "source_ctime_ns": 1790234325264619239, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bilk---no-053---1993-05.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790234325258996636, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Bilk---no-053---1993-05.pdf", "source_sha256": "312cc74afb4676d649329231864049ea800dae2b148d05faf88c5818870f0293"}

This is BILK # 53, May 1993. Editor ist Ulrich Magin, Hohenheimer Str. 60,
W-7306 Denkendorf, Germany       (Postal cede from July 1.:         73770). Subscriptions
are DM 15 for Germany and Europe, and - due to a 50 % price increase - DM 20
for the rest of the world.

                                 BEHEMOTH
• Scotland:   Nessletter   (Rip Hepple, H·untshieldford, St Jorills Chapel, Bishop
Auckland, DL 13 1 RQ,    UK)   has, in # 112, interesting news on several new sigh­
tings of Nessie, and a new report on a monster observed in Loch Lomond. Ear­
lier sightings in L Lomond can be found in Dinsdale's "Leviathans" and in
Campbell's "Search for Morag".
• Bibliography:   Seljord. Lake monster,         Norway - in Nessletter 112.    "The Private
Life of Sherlock Holmes", by Billy Wilder, which has the Loch Ness monster as
one of the stars, was shown on Austrian TV             (ORF 1), on April 17. Fortean Times
67, p. 10:    monster sturgeon hoax, China;         p. ·28-31:   Bill Gibbon's hunt for
surviving dinosaurs in the Congo. Andreas Trottmann has sent me a_cutting from
the Sunday Magazine, February 1993, which introduces Nessie-hunters Rip
Hepple, Alistair Boyd, Andreas Trottmann and wife Angela and Steve Feltham,
including their various sightings and musings. Regrettably, the generally
good piece is illustrated with the notorious fake photo by Frank Searle, showing
the dinosaur postcard surfacing in the Loch. Sheila Barrera has sent me word
on her most recent exhibitionof her pctintings of Lake monsters, it will be at
The Left Bank Gallery, Flint, Michigan, from May 9 to June 9.

                                   ISIS
• Bits and Pieces:    Splash, with Daryl Hannah as mermaid, was on German TV              (ARD)
on March 21. An EBlingen plumber has ads with a mermaid (EBlinger Zeitung, March 20).
Black Francis, former singer of the American pop-group Pixies, has a new
LP called "Frank Black" including "songs on black holes, mysterious UFO-sigh­
tings and hominoid marine creatures who want to live in space".               (Prinz, Stutt­
gart, March 1993, p.91).

                               LEVIATHAN
• Bibliography:    Fortean Times 67, p.35:         Gambian sea serpent;   on sea-serpents
in general, by Karl Shuker:        centrefold. A new analyses of Caddy sightings
from British Columbia, by LeBlond and Bousfield, which concludes that Caddy's
mane could be a breathing apparatus             (suggested before, I think, by the late
Ivan T Sanderson) and that "LeBlond does not know what they are, but suggests
they are related to some of the sea mammals we know. While their habits mean
they are only seen occasionally and never caught, he thinks that when one is
caught it will be one of the known but rare animals of the ocean." With this,
it appears LeBlond departs from his previous held idea that Caddy is an un­
known species.
• Strange    (and big and out-of-place) penguins:         Johannes Fiebag, in his recent
book "Die Anderen"    (Mlinchen:    Herbig 1993) suggests that monsters are products
of a cyberspace universe created by UFOs, in which we poor mortals live. One
of the proofs for this idea, amongst stories of Nessie, Caddy and other lake
monsters    (some of them long ago exposed as hoax) is the famous penguin episode
off Florida, 1948    (on p.221). In the German edition of Reader's Digest, March
93, p.90-103, we find a report on the recently discovered cave with wall
paintings in the Mediterranean off France. Once again, we read of stone-age
paintings of "three penguins" discovered there             (p. 98). An archaeologist
friend has informed me the mysterious paintings have now been identified as
"snow chickens", which indeed they resemble more than penguins. Exit enigma.

                                          MOA
• The big egg:    On February 23, several papers          (Rheinpfalz, Sliddeutsche Zeitung,
p.10, Stuttgarter Zeitung, p.12) covered news of the find of a giant egg on
Cervantes Beach, 250 km from Perth, Australia. The egg has a circumfence of
80,5 cmKen McNamara, palaeontologist from the West Australian MUseum, said the
find was extremely interesting for the study of ancient ocean streams, as he
supposed it came from an Aeptyornis, a giant bird from Madagascar which became
extinct 2000 years ago. He supposed the egg had been washed by a river into
the Indian Ocean, and carried from there by wind and waves to Australia.
A second theory assumes the egg could come from a species of emu which
died out in Australia 15 000 years ago. Nobody, so far, has suggested a
Moa. The Stuttgarter Ze'itung adds that a similar egg was discovered south
of Perth in 1930. Ken McNamara also appears in a clipping from August 7, 1982,
from the "IWZ"      (Stuttgart).   The egg in question was also discovered at Perth.
Another such find, perhaps the 1930 one, is mentioned in Tim Dinsdale's             "Levi­
athans"   (p. 152).   Perhaps the IWZ-egg and the one mentioned by Dinsdale are
the 1930-find.     Perhaps the new "find" is only a recycled newspaper-report.
Does anybody know more about this case? And why seems everybody so certain
that the eggs      (maybe as many as 3 in 60 years) come from Madagascar, when they
were all found at Perth?
In May 92, two German tourists allegedly saw a surv1v1ng moa, the 2.5 m bird
of New Zealand.  Normally assumed to have become extinct 500 years ago, two moas
                              "
were observed by Franz Christianssen and Holger or Helga Umbreit - or so is
supposed, as nobody knows were the tourists came from or has been able to trace
them, despite much publicity in Germany           (EBlinger Zeitung, April 3, p.28). All
we have is an entry into a cabin's log-book on the Southern Island. I would
suppose the entry by the tourists was a simple joke, just like the many "today
I saw Nessie"-entries in the logs of youth hostels in Scotland, but it seems
the "sighting" is being taken serious by Dave Wilson, a Christchurch journalist
for the "Press". He asked dpa, the German press agency, to help him find the
witnesses. He found the entry while researching a second moa sighting on the
Southern Island:      in this case, hotelier Paddy Franey, together with 2 friends,
spotted a moa in the Craigieborn Range - and took a fuzzy foto of it. Photo­
graphic experts from Canterbury University think the picture shows "a very large
bird of unknown species". Experts of New Zealand's environmental organisation
DOC believe it's all a hoax - Dr Ken Hughey said there was only a "million-to-one­
chance" of surviving moas. The strange circumstances of the German sighting,
the fact a hotelier was a witness, and all this around April 1 - was it a joke
that fooled dpa? Or are they really looking for moas down under?

                                     us os
• Sweden:   Yes,   again!   In Februc.ry,    S\·!edish papers reported the Russians had
admitted in talks with Swedish prime minister Bildt in Moscow· (with Yeltzin and
foreign minister Kozyrev) that they had subs operating in Sweden. However, what
the Russians actually confirmed was that "something is going on under water" -
no comment on the source. Yeltzin said he was sure he still was in command of
the navy, and he hadn't given orders to operate in Swedish waters. Bildt seems
to have been under pressure to finally stop Russia from sending subs to Sweden,
as there were three sub incursions in 1992 - in May, July and September. Also,
Swedish navy allegedly managed to tape record submarine sounds. Commander-in­
chief Gustafsson said that even laymen could distinguish between the recorded
sounds and biological sounds and it was only a question of time till the exact
nationality of the intruders were known. However, he admitted he had not dis­
                                                                           ·
cussed the tapes with the Russians. Gufstafsson now hints at some "secret agency"
within the CIS which runs the submarines.           (Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung,
February 23, p.6) Mysteries over mysteries. More on recent Swedish USOs in Fort­
ean Times67, p.S0-51.
• USA:    New York, Oktober 30, 1989 - Linda Cortile is abducted by aliens. They
take her into a Ufo, which submerges in the Hudson River. As the Ed Waiters­
case, the new "genuine" UFO case that has American ufologists go gaga has USO
connotations. Witness to the whole event was none other than Perez de Cuellar,
but he wont talk, acvcording to Bob Hopkins, who discovered the whole absurd
story. It is taken seriously in Fiebag's book           (see Leviathan section), pp.9-14
and in Sign 22. Serious flaws in the case are uncovered in the CENAP Report
# 200, p. 7 (research by Phil Klass), while Fortean Times 67, p.53, has a comment
by Andy Roberts who says American ufology will not stand the shock when the
Cortile case collapses. I'm afraid it will - it survived MJ-12            (faked UFO-documents)
and Ed Walters      (faked UFO photos). USOs are an interesting enigma with many sea­
serpent connections, and it was only a question of time for the abduction hys-
teria to enter this field.


Next Bilk will have a "·marine life" section with giant crabs and leatherback
turtles, plus the regular features. The Moa section this time may seem out of
place, but I felt that giant eggs on beaches were a topic to be covered in BILK.
