{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T14:52:02Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 21179, "source_ctime_ns": 1790691801569570692, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/cameraman.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790691801564856070, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/cameraman.pdf", "source_sha256": "96a80e1b31681e0dc07bce905c776140b26e42fd7fb3573ba7506147df1c9454"}

Subject: The Cameraman's *OFFICIAL* Statement
  From: John W. Ratcliff <70253.3237@CompuServe.COM>
  Date: 31 Aug 1995 15:10:07 GMT
  Message-ID: <424jcf$fuk$4@mhafn.production.compuserve.com>

  THE CAMERAMAN'S STORY
  REVISED VERSION WITH NOTES BY BOB SHELL
  ENTIRE DOCUMENT COPYRIGHT (C) 1995 ROSWELL FOOTAGE LTD./BOB SHELL LTD. MAY NOT
  BE COPIED, TRANSFERRED, OR USED IN ANY WAY WITHOUT PERMISSION. SPECIAL THANKS
  TO JOE STEFULA FOR RESEARCH.

  EXACT TRANSCRIPTION OF TAPE RECORDED STATEMENT, NOTES ARE IN
  SQUARE BRACKETS [ ].

  I joined the forces in March of 1942 and left in 1952.   The ten years I
  spent serving my country were some of the best years of my life.

  My father was in the movie business, which meant he had good knowledge
  about the workings of cameras and photography.        For this reason I
  believe I passed a medical that would not normally allow me in, due to
  Polio as a child.

  After my enrolment and training, I was able to use my camera skills and
  became one of the few dedicated cameramen in the forces. I was sent to
  many places, and as it was war time, I fast learned the ability of
  filming under difficult circumstances.

  I will not give more detail on my background; only to say that in the
  fall of 1944 I was assigned to Intelligence, reporting to the Assistant
  Chief of Air Staff. I was moved around depending on the assignment.
  During my time I filmed a great deal, including the tests at White Sands
  (Manhattan project/Trinity).

  I remember very clearly receiving the call to go to White Sands
  (Roswell). I had not long returned from St. Louis where I had filmed
  the new ramjet ("Little Henry") [ According to official records, "Little
  Henry" was a helicopter project. This discrepancy is resolved by
  referring to Janes' All The World's Aircraft for 1949, which mentions
  that McDonnell, located in St. Louis, had a project at this time called
  J-1, which was a one-man ramjet powered helicopter, with a small ramjet
  engine on the tip of each rotor blade.] It was June 1st when McDonnell
  [George C. McDonnell was the first Air Force Chief of Staff for
  Intelligence. He was most likely Assistant Air Chief of Staff for
  Intelligence in June of 1947] asked me to report to General McMullen
  [Major General Clements M. McMullen, Deputy Commander of the Strategic
  Air Command in Washington] for a special assignment. I had had no
  experience working with General McMullen, but after talking with him for
  a few minutes I knew that I would never wish to be his enemy. MuMullen
  was straight to the point, no messing.      I was ordered to a crash site
  just south-west of Socorro [ this could be the Plains of San Agustin].
  It was urgent and my brief was to film everything in sight, not to leave
  the debris until it had been removed and I was to have access to all
  areas of the site. If the commander in charge [at the site] had a


cameraman.txt[28/02/2022 21:23:29]
  problem with that, I was told to get them to call McMullen. A few
  minutes after my orders from McMullen, I received the same instructions
  from "Tooey" [nickname for General Carl Spaatz, supposedly on vacation
  in Washington State at the time], saying it was the crash of a Russian
  spy plane. Two generals in one day, this job was important.

  I flew out from Andrews with sixteen other officers and personnel,
  mostly medical. We arrived at Wright Patterson and collected more men
  and equipment. From there we flew to Roswell on a C54.

  When we got to Roswell we were transported by road to the site. When we
  arrived the site had already been cordoned off. From the start it was
  plain to see this was no Russian spy plane. It was a large disc "flying
  saucer" on its back, with heat still radiating from the ground around
  it.

  The commander on site handed over [command] to the SAC medical team who
  were still waiting for Kenney [General George C. Kenney was SAC
  Commander at the time.       He was supposedly away on an inspection at the
  time.] to arrive. However, nothing had been done as everyone was just
  waiting for orders.

  It was decided to wait until the heat subsided before moving in as fire
  was a significant risk. This was made all the worse by the screams of
  the Freak creatures that were lying by the vehicle. What in God's name
  they were no one could tell, but one thing's for sure, they were Circus
  Freaks, creatures with no business here. Each had hold of a box which
  they kept hold of in both arms close to their chests. They just lay
  there crying, holding the boxes. [This implies that all four creatures
  were still alive at this time.]

  Once my tent had been set up, I started filming immediately; first the
  vehicle, then the site and debris. [The sun would not yet have been up,
  so this filming must have been done under artificial light.] At around
  06:00, it was deemed safe to move in. Again, the Freaks were still
  crying and when approached they screamed even louder. They were
  protective of their boxes, but we managed to get one loose with a firm
  strike at the head of a Freak with the butt of a rifle.

  The three Freaks were dragged away, and secured with rope and tape. The
  other one was already dead. The medical team were reluctant at first to
  go near these Freaks, but as some were injured, they had no choice.
  [Unless this is a mistake or poor choice of words, it means that only
  some of them were injured. ] Once the creatures were collected, the
  priority was to collect all debris that could be removed easily, as
  there was still a risk of fire. This debris seemed to come from
  exterior struts which were supporting a very small disc on the underside
  of the craft which must have snapped off when the disc flipped over. The
  debris was taken to tent stations for logging, then loaded onto trucks.
  [In verbal statements he mentions a truck full of ice into which the
  dead alien is placed. The trucks were heavy duty Diamond trucks used by
  the military.]      After three days, a full team from Washington came down
  and the decision was taken to move the craft. Inside it the atmosphere
  was very heavy. It was impossible to stay in longer than a few seconds

cameraman.txt[28/02/2022 21:23:29]
  without feeling very sick. Therefore it was decided to analyze it back
  at base, so it was loaded onto a flattop and taken to Wright Patterson
  where I joined it.

  I stayed at Wright Paterson for a further three weeks working on the
  debris. I was then told to report to Fort Worth(Dallas) for the filming
  of an autopsy. Normally I would not have a problem with this, but it was
  discovered that the Freaks may be a medical threat. Therefore I was
  required to wear the same protective suits as the doctors. It was
  impossible to handle the camera properly, loading and focusing was very
  difficult. In fact, against orders, I removed my suit during the
  filming. The first two autopsies took place in July 1947.

  After filming I had several hundred reels. I separated problem reels
  which required special attention in processing. These I would do later.
  The first batch was [processed and] sent through to Washington, and I
  processed the remainder a few days later. Once the remaining reels had
  been processed, I contacted Washington to arrange collection of the
  final batch. Incredibly, they never came to collect or arrange
  transportation for them. I called many times and then just gave up.
  The footage has remained with me ever since. [This may not be as
  incredible as it seems. At this time the Army and the Air Force were
  being separated into two new agencies, and there was much confusion as
  "turf" was sorted out.]

  In May of 1949, I was asked to film the third autopsy. [ This amazing
  statement suggests that one of the aliens, probably the uninjured one,
  lived in "custody" for nearly two years. The cameraman did not have any
  of the film from this autopsy. ]


cameraman.txt[28/02/2022 21:23:29]
