{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T03:07:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 35718, "source_ctime_ns": 1788576654348323529, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cincinnati-Skeptic---Vol-06-No-03---1996.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788576654346483180, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cincinnati-Skeptic---Vol-06-No-03---1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "4ef43b78918c3079f108214850268cffd9b8bafcecca4563d68c4349ba9613c6"}

Cincinnati Skeptic
  Newsletter of The Association for Rational Thought
  Volume 6, Number 3 (November 1996)

     Presentation of Arguments - Things to Avoid - A report on Dick McGrath's presentation on how skeptics can improve
  the effectiveness of their attempts to influence others
     From the Un-easy Chair
     President's Corner - Sulfur-breathing bacteria take over the world!
     Book Reviews
       The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark by Carl Sagan
       Guilty: The Collapse of Criminal Justice - by Judge Harold J. Rothwax
     Used Chariots for Sale - Comments on a television production of Erich von Daniken's Chariots of the Gods
     Out of the AIR - excerpts from the mini Annals of Improbable Research
     Tales from the Paranormal - Bill Gates is the Devil!
     From the Amazing Randi


  Motto of the month:

     How many skeptics does it take to change a light bulb? Hey, lets first make absolutely sure we're really in the dark!

  [an error occurred while processing this directive]

  Presentation of Arguments - Things to Avoid

  Dick McGrath, professor of theology at Thomas More College and founding member of ART, talked about how
  skeptics can improve the effectiveness of their attempts to influence others. He drew his suggestions from decades of
  experience trying to bring undergraduates to value clear thinking and correct conclusions and observing his own and
  other skeptics' arguments succeed or fall flat.

  Dick has observed that many skeptics buttress their arguments with inaccurate or undocumented, and even with
  fabricated quotations. When these are discovered by the opponent, the argument is seriously undermined. A similar
  problem has turned up in our Skeptical Blurbs. Most of these are loaded with citations from Skeptical Inquirer articles
  and almost nothing else. As useful as this journal is as a source of information, our arguments would be stronger if we
  drew from a broader base of thought.

  Another error skeptics make is ignoring the historical or cultural context of the issue they are debating. Arguing with
  creationists over whether Genesis is an accurate rendition of history is pointless. Biblical scholars agree it is not history,
  but myth. Accepting creationists' views on Genesis as history loses the argument before it starts.

  Enlarging arguments beyond what the facts warrant is another sure way to destroy your influence. Dr Kubler-Ross was
  highly regarded for her early work in the psychology of dying. She later lost the respect of the scientific community
  when she pushed her arguments beyond her observations and claimed that near death experiences are a window into a
  reality beyond death.

  Another pitfall is to fail to understand the world view of your opponent. Skeptics, like everyone else, base their
  arguments on their own world view and then wonder why others don't immediately adopt their opinions. It's important
  to understand that people believe in all sorts of things which may be grossly incompatible with a scientific view of the
  world. Whacking away at such a person with scientific arguments will produce only resistance. Imagine the difference
  in world view between those who believe that Mary has appeared to the faithful at Lourdes and those who believe that
  no such thing could happen. Understanding the cultural, religious, economic, and historical contexts in which belief in
  apparitions arises is an essential underpinning for an effective skeptical argument.


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_6_No_3_1996.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:40]
  Another trap skeptics fall into is explaining unusual events by guesswork. Nineteenth century skeptics made fools out of
  themselves trying to explain the biblical story of Jesus and the loaves and fishes. Intent on disproving any miraculous
  multiplication of food, the skeptics came up with a hodgepodge explanation based on the guess that some in the crowd
  had brought food with them, and were inspired by Jesus' talk to share what they had brought, thus producing food for
  everyone. Mere guesswork is not going to convince anyone.

  In their rush to convince others, skeptics sometimes put more weight on the evidence than it can bear. An example is the
  Carbon 14 dating of the Shroud of Turin, claimed by believers to bear an image of Jesus. Some skeptics have claimed
  the Carbon 14 dating of the shroud has proven without a doubt it is a fake. But the dating was not done well and is likely
  to be inaccurate, producing uncertainties in the estimated age of the shroud: the evidence adduced will not support the
  claim. This flaw in the argument does not go unnoticed by believers. Skeptics' arguments are more likely to succeed if
  they accept uncertainties in the available scientific evidence.

  A similar way to sink your argument is to select only the facts that seem to support your position. An example of this
  error is seen in explanations of near death experiences as glimpses of life beyond death. Believers tend to remember
  only near death experiences that seem to support the notion of an afterlife, ignoring all those which do not support the
  notion.

  Skeptical arguments may also be hamstrung from failing to clearly define what is being discussed. What euthanasia
  means to one person may be very different from what it means to others. Until a single, clear definition is agreed on the
  argument is sure to flail on inconclusively.

  Perhaps one of the most important things to avoid is negativism, knocking other viewpoints with humor or slurs. The
  minute you belittle your opponents you have lost an opportunity to influence their views. When James Randi skewers
  the credulous, he may rally his allies, but turns off those he wants to influence. Effective argument requires tolerance
  and understanding as well as clear thinking and good evidence.

  -- reported by Virginia Jergens.
  [an error occurred while processing this directive]

  From the Un-easy Chair

  Readers constantly ask, what in the name of everything that is holy, is bio-astrology? Esmeralda answers: "because there
  is bio-astronomy." In fact, the searchers after extra-terrestrial intelligence (SETI) had their fifth International
  Conference on Bioastronomy (also known as Astrobiology) on the Island of Capri in Italy in July. Since there is bio-
  astronomy, there clearly must also be bio-astrology, that is only logical and just, since they belong together. And
  Esmeralda has even named her cat Seti. She also hopes there will be an international meeting in as lovely a place as
  Capri for her.
  [an error occurred while processing this directive]

  President's Corner
  And where there is doubt......
  [Wizard holding up a candle]

  A current newspaper tabloid has on its cover a story that the earth is in imminent danger of being infected with 2 x 1014
  tons of noxious sulfur breathing bacteria. The article cited a noted scientist to the effect that if these bacteria were
  concentrated on the surface of the continents, they would cover the ground with a five foot layer. No doubt they would
  exceed and overwhelm all existing land flora and fauna. I was very skeptical of the story as were the scientists who first
  heard the research reported in the mid-twenties by a University of Chicago researcher.

  I haven't been completely honest with you because the article I cited is in the October issue of the Scientific American.
  The same topic is a major part of Chapter 14 in Stephen Jay Gould's new book, Full House. In the twenties Edson S.
  Bastin had noted hydrogen sulfide and bicarbonates as consistent ingredients in the water overlying oil deposits. He
  surmised that these common biological outputs of sulfate breathing bacteria were evidence of bacteriological

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_6_No_3_1996.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:40]
  contamination of oil deposits. He supported his hypothesis by culturing live colonies out of the water. The scientific
  community was highly skeptical and the topic was largely dropped until 1987.

  New research proved that deep "subsurface bacteria were ubiquitous." At temperatures approaching 300°F and at depths
  up to four miles, bacteria were found in porous rock at concentrations of up to ten million per gram. They appear to be
  able to eat sedimentary and igneous rock as long as water is available. Oxygen is not needed, only a variety of reducing
  chemicals instead. The outputs are organic compounds which are used by more advanced life forms. Over nine thousand
  bacterial strains have been found as well as a hundred fungi sharing the habitat. Good skeptical instincts kept the
  existence of these new SLiMEs (subsurface lithautotrophic microbial ecosystems) from scientific acceptance for almost
  seventy years. Just a reminder that skepticism is a necessary but not sufficient condition for arriving at truth. It may
  prevent nonsense from entering the canon, but without researchers with the instincts and funds to challenge the
  doubters, it may get in the way of understanding the world. Too much of even a good thing may not be healthy.

  -- Joe Gastright
  [an error occurred while processing this directive]

  Book Reviews
  The Demon-Haunted World

  The Demon-Haunted World:
  Science as a Candle in the Dark by Carl Sagan
  (New York: Random House, 1995)

  The demons of irrationality, quacks, unreasoning religion, and commercial hyperbole haunt our present world. In many
  ways Sagan's book is a worthy successor to Martin Gardner's 1952 Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science on which
  many of us cut our baby teeth as skeptics. Like Gardner Sagan looks at the wide variety of nonsense which is retailed by
  the media and believed by the people. Sagan, however, goes further and deeper in his assessment. Further in that he
  casts his net over many more every day popular beliefs. Deeper in that he asks how can anyone accept such nonsense,
  and what is the remedy needed? "... how is it possible to fly in airplanes, listen to the radio or take antibiotics while
  holding the earth is around 10,000 years old or that all Sagittarians are gregarious and affable?" (p. 297).

  Sagan's sees scientific thinking as the only way to obtain insight into reality. Only careful questioning, examination of
  the evidence, experiment, logic of how does this fit in with other things we know, healthy skepticism, and checking the
  facts will lead to accurate insight. This method he sees as applying to all aspects of human society, including politics,
  education, and commerce. Unfortunately people who can be perfectly rational about one thing, usually what they
  understand well or professionally, do not apply the same reason to other aspects of their surroundings. Rather than the
  tools of logic we tend to apply the criteria of feel good to everyday knowledge.

  The Wall Street Journal (26 April 1996) panned the book as "repetitious, cloying, sanctimonious, self-regarding". I
  wondered why, until I realized Sagan took on the commercial world and their advertising hype, which drives our
  communications industry. One of the first things a small child needs to learn is that what it sees on television is mostly
  fiction and falsehood. Adults take the prevarication for granted. Sagan sees the connection between the profit driven
  media, the need of some preachers to hold an audience no matter what, and the political election lies. On all sides we are
  inundated by false and misleading views of reality, while science gets short shrift, and scientists are depicted as weird,
  nerdy, or "mad". This spills over into the education of our young people. Too much of what passes for knowledge in
  school or is omitted is affected by religious demands, ethnic prejudices, political convenience, or commercial hype.

  Because we are ensnared in a seamless web of nonsense and because Sagan sees the many interconnections and
  similarities between the different aspects of bunk, the book is indeed a little repetitious. It is an excellent book and a
  "must read".

  -- Wolf Roder
  Guilty: The Collapse of Criminal Justice


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_6_No_3_1996.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:40]
  Guilty: The Collapse of Criminal Justice
  by Judge Harold J. Rothwax
  (New York: Random House, 1996)

  The American legal system has become a crap shoot in which juries decide which party has the more engaging and
  dramatic lawyer. The lawyers feel entitled to mislead the jury with contrived or psychiatric testimonies, with arcane and
  intricate maneuvers, with arbitrary search for error, and any number of moves designed to delay and impede the
  proceedings. The search for truth as motive and goal of the law has been utterly abandoned in favor of public spectacle
  and court room theatrics. At the same time the decisions of the US Supreme Court have gone far in the direction of
  protecting the guilty, and giving the defense and the accused many advantages against the police and other forces trying
  to protect the public. Far from being the best legal system our trial by jury has become an impossibility. Juries are
  selected from those who don't know anything and can't read, and are too stupid to get out of jury duty. Trials are too
  long, too costly, too labor intensive to be provided for all accused. Hence, trial by plea bargain has become our
  equivalent of medieval torture.

  All of this we know, but here Judge Rothwax says it with verve, with uncompromising clarity, and with 25 years of
  experience on the New York bench. In various asides Rothwax compares the US law with better systems in Europe. He
  suggests ten major common sense reforms. If you have any interest in American law and society, if you have any
  illusion about trial by jury, this is a must read.

  What has all this to do with science and rational thinking? The law is our foremost example of applied social science or
  social engineering, a system of human made rules to control society and channel our actions away from evil and to
  acceptable ends. The law attempts to translate our ideals and ethics about living together in a community into operative
  rules about what is and is not acceptable. When the legal rules by which we are supposed to live do not accomplish the
  ends we have set ourselves, when the courts and the legislatures cease to promote the well being of the community,
  when the rules as they are implemented do not reflect the needs of people, the republic is in danger. The system of
  criminal justice has become an elaborate game in which the real question: "Did he do it" has become lost in a morass of
  ill conceived statutes, procedures, and rulings.

  --Wolf Roder
  [an error occurred while processing this directive]

  Used Chariots for Sale

  Erich von Daniken's Chariots of the Gods made it to television in September, hosted by Richard Karn, better-known as
  Al on ABC's Home Improvement. The show was quite enjoyable -- hilarious, in fact -- with von Daniken indulging in
  his usual flights of fancy, unfettered by the faintest trace of skepticism. Enjoyable, that is, if you did not think about the
  fact that a major television network carried these flights of fancy with no anchoring of sensibility. (Sorry about the
  mixed metaphor.) Karn was careful to say "Von Daniken believes..." and similar phrases, but that was about the only
  concession to a realistic assessment of the facts.

  Much of the show was straight from the book. For example, the carving of a supine figure from the temple at Copan was
  displayed. Von Daniken claimed it looked suspiciously like an astronaut in a rocket; to me it looked like von Daniken
  had interpreted some artistic flourishes to fit with his fixed idea of long-ago visitors from other planets. The same
  argument applies to all of the other pictures of "aliens."

  More interesting to me was the idea that the orientation of certain Mayan buildings and Celtic megaliths demonstrated a
  grasp of mathematics and astronomy not available to the cultures that built them. A stepped pyramid in central America
  was marveled at because of its precise orientation that allowed snake-like shadows to be formed at the solstices. Surely
  this demonstrates the existence of advanced knowledge that the Mayans could not have gained on their own! Sorry, but
  no. By our standards ancient people were ignorant and had primitive technology, but they were not stupid. Observing
  the position of the sun over time and noticing the solstice is hardly a remarkable feat, and the building of a structure to
  take advantage of the phenomenon was well within their reach. It took ingenuity, but they weren't short on that. Besides,
  they didn't have TV to distract them.

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_6_No_3_1996.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:40]
  Von Daniken seemed to be much impressed that each of the four stairs on the pyramid had 91 steps, because
  91x4+1=365. The one is for the final "step" on the top of the pyramid. The Mayans had already observed the solstice,
  designed a building to take advantage of it, but then the idea of making the number of steps add up to the number of
  days per year is surprising? I don’t think so.....

  The mathematical complexity of the megaliths in western Europe -- the Brittany region of France in particular -- was
  glossed over quickly. The Pythagorean theorem was mentioned, but with no indication of how it was used in positioning
  the stones. I would have preferred more details of the actual math, but all that was shown was a diagram with some
  triangles drawn on it, which I guess was supposed to be impressive.

  Actually moving the rocks is another place where von Daniken let his imagination roam. Some of these rocks are pretty
  damn big, and I confess that it does seem improbable for people to have moved them without modern machinery. But
  consider some of the feats you have seen yourself. It only takes a few people to overturn a car; imagine what hundreds
  of people with ropes and beams can do. Perhaps they didn't have the wheel. That is a handicap, but stones can be rolled
  or at least flopped to another position. The lever is one of our oldest machines, and I don't doubt that it was used in
  positioning the megaliths. Pulleys, although helpful, are not strictly necessary. Sorry again, Erich, but there is another
  solution that requires less outre assumptions than aliens.

  Von Daniken also speculated that the Egyptians might have had a form of electric light. He showed a carving that had a
  vaguely bulb-shaped feature, and then using modern technology, created a bulb similar in appearance that actually
  glowed. Could the Egyptians have stumbled on to a primitive battery and light bulb, or as von Daniken would have us
  believe, could they have picked up the technology from aliens? It's certainly not impossible. They would possibly have
  used it as a "magical" item, in much the same way as lodestones were used for centuries. But ask yourself which you
  consider more likely: the ancient Egyptians had electricity, or von Daniken sees evidence for aliens in nearly anything?

  It is impossible to cover in a short space all of the bits of "evidence", but the lines at Nazca are one place where I am
  truly puzzled. I have no idea why people would build long lines on the plains, carve figures on the hills, and generally
  construct things for no apparent reason. They lived in a different time and culture, and their motives are unknown, for,
  to the best of my knowledge, they left no writings behind; only the strange lines. Von Daniken (or was it Richard Karn?
  I can't recall.) also crawled around in a bunch of caves underneath some city. He carried a flaming torch; for effect, I
  suppose, although I think a good flashlight would have been much more functional. The caves had, according to him,
  been carved by the people living there, possibly to shelter them from enemies from the sky. I'd never heard of them
  before, and have no idea what purpose they served. Still, I would prefer to exhaust terrestrial explanations before turning
  to extraterrestrials to explain the peculiar actions of ancient people. Are we so confident that we do not build things that
  future ages, if they were deprived of our words of explanation, would marvel at them and wonder why we expended
  such effort for apparently useless structures?

  Von Daniken has travelled the globe looking for evidence to support his idea that aliens visited us in the distant past.
  There is nothing particularly wrong with that. Theories are useful in shaping the way we look at things, and often
  determine just what things we look at. Since I will freely admit that I think intelligent, technological life elsewhere in
  the universe is possible, maybe even probable, why would I ridicule von Daniken for trying to find evidence that we
  have been visited? Well, it is not the trying that I mind, but the specious arguments he puts forth for believing that we
  have been visited. Ancient people made something we don't completely understand? Ancient astronauts were involved.
  Legends speak of gods from the clouds? Could it be aliens? They were funny-looking. Yes, definitely aliens. Stories
  speak of flying through the sky? People long ago could never have had enough imagination to visualize flying, so it just
  had to be aliens.

  Yeah, right.

  -- David Wall
  [an error occurred while processing this directive]

  Out of the AIR

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_6_No_3_1996.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:40]
  The 1996 Ig Nobel Prizewinners

  1996-10-04

  From the mini Annals of Impropable Research

  If you were not one of the fortunate (?) 1200 organisms who crawled, or wiggled, or walked, or flew into the Ig Nobel
  Prize Ceremony on Oct. 3 at Harvard's Sanders Theater, take heart. Special edited versions will be broadcast on:

    National Public Radio's "Talk of the Nation / Science Friday with Ira Flatow" on Friday, Nov. 29.
    The television network C-SPAN, probably in November. (C-SPAN plan to broadcast it some time after the American
  Presidential election -- that is, some time after November 5. For exact date & time, call the C-SPAN hotline 202-628-
  2205 or consult their web site http://c-span.org

  A full report on the event will be published in the Jan/Feb 1997 issue of The Annals of Improbable Research. And yes,
  videotapes of the event will (most likely) be available fairly soon.

  Here are the winners of the 1996 Ig Nobel Prizes, presented at the Sixth First Annual Ig Nobel Prize Ceremony, held at
  Sanders Theater, Harvard University on Thursday evening, October 3, 1996. The Prizes were handed out by genuine
  Nobel Laureates Dudley Herschbach, William Lipscomb, and others.

  The Prizes honor people whose achievements "cannot or should not be reproduced."

  The event was reluctantly presented by The Annals of Improbable Research (which has been described as "the MAD
  Magazine of science"). This year it was also co-sponsored by the Harvard Computer Society, Tangents (the Harvard
  Radcliffe mathematical bulletin), and the Harvard Radcliffe Science Fiction Association.

  This year's ceremony was embroiled in controversy -- Sir Robert May, the science advisor to the British government,
  had asked the organizers to stop giving Ig Nobel Prizes to scientists, even when the scientists want to receive them.
  Nevertheless, this year's Ig Nobel roster included yet another prizewinner from England.
  Biology

  Anders Baerheim and Hogne Sandvik of the University of Bergen, Norway, for their tasty and tasteful report, "Effect of
  Ale, Garlic, and Soured Cream on the Appetite of Leeches." [The report was published in British Medical Journal, vol.
  309, Dec 24-31, 1994, p. 1689.] Drs. Baerheim and Sandvik sent a videotaped acceptance speech, and watched the
  ceremony live on the Internet.
  Medicine

  James Johnston of R.J. Reynolds, Joseph Taddeo of U.S. Tobaccco, Andrew Tisch of Lorillard, William Campbell of
  Philip Morris, and the late Thomas E. Sandefur, Jr., chairman of Brown and Williamson Tobacco Co. for their
  unshakable discovery, as testified before the US Congress, that nicotine is not addictive.
  Physics

  Robert Matthews of Aston University, England, for his studies of Murphy's Law, and especially for demonstrating that
  toast always falls on the buttered side. [The report, "Tumbling toast, Murphy's Law and the fundamental constants" was
  published in European Journal of Physics, vol.16, no.4, July 18, 1995, p. 172-6.] Professor Matthews sent an audiotaped
  acceptance speech.
  Peace

  Jacques Chirac, President of France, for commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of Hiroshima with atomic bomb tests in
  the Pacific.
  Public Health

  Ellen Kleist of Nuuk, Greenland and Harald Moi of Oslo, Norway, for their cautionary medical report "Transmission of

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_6_No_3_1996.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:40]
  Gonorrhea Through an Inflatable Doll." [The report was published in Genitourinary Medicine, vol. 69, no. 4, Aug.
  1993, p. 322.] Dr. Moi traveled from Oslo to Cambridge -- at his own expense -- to accept the Prize. During the trip, Dr.
  Moi also delivered a lecture at Harvard Medical School about his achievement.
  Chemistry

  George Goble of Purdue University, for his blistering, world record time for igniting a barbeque grill -- three seconds,
  using charcoal and liquid oxygen. Professor Goble's colleague Joe Cychosz traveled to Cambridge to accept the Prize.
  Biodiversity

  Chonosuke Okamura of the Okamura Fossil Laboratory in Nagoya, Japan, for discovering the fossils of dinosaurs,
  horses, dragons, princesses, and more than 1000 other extinct "mini-species," each of which is less than 1/100 of an inch
  in length. [For details see the series Reports of the Okamura Fossil Laboratory, published by the Okamura Fossil
  Laboratory in Nagoya, Japan during the 1970s and 1980s.]
  Literature

  The editors of the journal Social Text, for eagerly publishing research that they could not understand, that the author
  said was meaningless, and which claimed that reality does not exist. [The paper was "Transgressing the Boundaries:
  Toward a Transformative Hermeneutics of Quantum Gravity," Alan Sokal, Social Text, Spring/Summer 1996, pp. 217-
  252.]
  Economics

  Dr. Robert J. Genco of the University of Buffalo for his discovery that "financial strain is a risk indicator for destructive
  periodontal disease."
  Art

  Don Featherstone of Fitchburg, Massachusetts, for his ornamentally evolutionary invention, the plastic pink flamingo.
  Mr. Featherstone traveled to Cambridge to accept the Prize. The ceremony also included an auction of plaster casts of
  the left feet of four Nobel Laureates, and several tributes to the concept of "Biodiversity."

  Thirteen-year old Kate Eppers, spokesperson for the Committee for Bacterial Rights, said: "We live in a diverse society.
  Our biggest ethnic groups are not the Asians, the Africans or the Caucasians. Our biggest ethnic groups are the Bacteria.
  I used to wash my hands every day. My mom made me. But then I learned about ethnic cleansing. Every time you wash
  your hands, you wipe out billions and billions of Bacteria. That's not fair. Bacteria have rights, too. So let's be grown-
  ups about this. When mom asks you to wash your hands, just say No."

  Further details -- including shocking photos -- will be posted in our web site during the coming months.
  Scientific Correctness Survey

  A recent survey by the U.S. National Science Foundation found that 52% of the respondents believe that the earliest
  human beings lived at the same time as the dinosaurs.

  Once again it is time to vote on "scientifical correctness" and help the scientific community decide which side of various
  issues it should accept as "correct".

  Please check only one (if at all possible, check more if you must):

     ___ Dinosaurs and man walked together millions of years ago. (13%)
     ___ Dinosaurs and man walked together less than 10,000 years ago. (06%)
     ___ Dinosaurs and man walked together, but it was purely platonic. (06%)
     ___ Dinosaurs became extinct before the first humans existed. (61%)
     ___ Humans became extinct before the first dinosaurs existed. (14%)

  Somewhere between 100 and 26,000 readers voted on a question of "scientifical correctness." (Two percent of the
  answers were sent in languages that none of our panel could translate.) The results should help the scientific community

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_6_No_3_1996.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:40]
  decide which side of this issue it should accept as "correct".

  More details next time, perhaps. And yes, we intend to conduct surveys on all the major controversial scientific
  questions of our era.
  [an error occurred while processing this directive]

  Tales from the Paranormal

  Be ye careful, those who put their faith in the computer ---- Indisputable proof that...

  Bill Gates is the Devil!!!

  (Well, okay, maybe it's not indisputable, but it's funny anyway!)

     "Woe to you, oh earth and sea. For the Devil sends the Beast with wrath, because he knows the time is short. Let him
  who hath understanding reckon the Number of the Beast, for it is a human number. Its number is six hundred and sixty-
  six." -- Revelations (New Testament)

  Proof that Bill Gates is the Devil:

  The real name of the Microsoft C.E.O. is William Henry Gates III. Nowadays he is known as Bill Gates (III), where
  "III" means the order of the third (3rd).

  By converting the letters of his current name to their equivalent ASCII values and adding his (III), you get the
  following:

           B - 66
           I - 73
           L - 76
           L - 76
           G - 71
           A - 65
           T - 84
           E - 69
           S - 83
               +3
              666

  Some might ask, "How did Bill Gates get so powerful?" Coincidence? Or just the beginning of mankind's ultimate and
  total enslavement???

  Before you decide, consider the following:

  MS-DOS6.21

  77 + 83 + 45 + 68 + 79 + 83 + 32 + 54 + 46 + 50 + 49 = 666

  WINDOWS95

  87 + 73 + 78 + 68 + 79 + 87 + 83 + 57 + 53 + 1 = 666

  You decide....

  Courtesy of Professor Ian W. Boyd, University College London, UK

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_6_No_3_1996.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:40]
  What is especially impressive is the Devil himself (or herself, let's not be sexists) now uses ASCII number conversions.
  Traditionally we had to convert Hebrew or Greek letters to their numerical equivalent.

  Another point, for the totally empty headed, the above is a JOKE, it is not serious, it is not so. We would hate to see
  something happening to Bill Gates as has happened to P&G and their trademark.

  -- editor

  I wouldn't.

  -- webmaster
  [an error occurred while processing this directive]

  From the Amazing Randi

  Three items present themselves this week.

  First, we're assured that the cause of the TWA800 crash has been solved by one of the "psychic" opportunists who
  always trail along after disasters hoping to get lucky. Now that much of the details are coming to light, this marvel has
  outlined a scenario that brings banality to the status of a criminal act. When its shown that he was wrong, no one will
  bother to mention the fact. Yawn.

  Second, the preposterous claims made by a UK "psychic" who turned out a "Mind-Power Kit" much like the one that
  Kreskin once peddled, have been dampened by the UK Advertising Standards Authority. Geller claimed that he had put
  some sort of charm upon the quartz crystals that came with the kits, by sticking his hands into a pile of them, and that he
  had also put his hands in the printing ink used to print orange dots on the "meditation cards" sold with the kit, to
  "power" the dots. The Authority was naturally concerned that no evidence had been produced to show that the crystal
  and meditation card had been instilled with Geller's claimed powers. The Authority asked the advertisers not to use the
  claims again.

  And third, we have a big win with the Inset Industries, manufacturers of a quack device -- the Fuel Stabilizer -- that was
  claimed to "align the fuel and air molecules" in auto engines. The Division of Consumer Affairs in New Jersey has
  charged Inset with violating the Consumer Fraud Act. A jury in the Superior Court will decide the case soon.

  But there are so many, many, more....

  -- James Randi
  A Progress Report on the J.R.E.F.

  As promised, here's a report on the progress of The James Randi Educational Foundation. We're thoroughly moved in at
  our home office in Fort Lauderdale.

  Our library is being catalogued with a very sophisticated computer database that cross-indexes the material and it will
  also display a 2"X3" full-color picture of each book cover on each catalog page accessed by the computer. We've
  catalogued 1240 books so far, plus 42 files of skeptical newsletters, journals, and folders. That project should be
  essentially completed within two months.

  Meanwhile if any of you are in the Miami/Fort Lauderdale area please call and invite yourselves to have the five minute
  tour. We're very proud of what's come into existence here, and we'd be delighted to show you the new baby

  -- James Randi
  The James Randi Educational Foundation
  201 S.E. Davie Blvd.

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_6_No_3_1996.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:40]
  Fort Lauderdale, FL 33316-1815
  U.S.A.
  phone: +1 954 467 1112
  fax: +1 954 467 1660
  web: http://www.randi.org
  [an error occurred while processing this directive]


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_6_No_3_1996.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:40]
