{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T20:53:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 17224, "source_ctime_ns": 1788555048680871065, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cincinnati-Skeptic---Vol-01-No-07---1992.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788555048679326802, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cincinnati-Skeptic---Vol-01-No-07---1992.pdf", "source_sha256": "b72444f3585446949d688a70bfb6f6c4b712d5ba47dc7616b96f37b58302c775"}

The Association For Rational Thought News
  Practicing The Art Of Clear Thinking In All Walks Of Life
  Vol. 1, No. 7
  April 1992

  The Association for Rational Thought is a new organization committed to encouraging clear thinking in all walks of life.
  ART encourages the investigation of paranormal and pseudo-scientific claims from a responsible, scientific viewpoint
  and the distribution of the results of such investigations to the public. You are cordially invited to become a charter
  member of ART.
  Come to the First Annual Meeting!
  Saturday, April 25, Greenwich Tavern and Restaurant

  Please Note: We are Meeting April 25, not April 18, as Earlier Announced

  To avoid conflicting with the CSICOP Seminar, "Magic for Skeptics: Trickery and the Paranormal," Lexington, Ky.,
  April 17-19 (see information on page 3), the ART Annual Meeting has been moved from April 18 to April 25. The First
  Annual Meeting of the Association for Rational Thought will be held on Saturday, April 25, at 10:00 AM at the
  Greenwich Tavern and Restaurant on Gilbert Avenue (Driving instructions elsewhere in this issue).

  The program will include a brief business meeting to elect and install new officers for the coming year, an opportunity
  to learn about and volunteer for ART committees, and a presentation by Oran Dent, psychologist and stage magician,
  who will delight mind and eye with "Similarities Between Military Deception and Stage Magic." All members are
  encouraged to come, vote, and meet the new slate of officers. Any one who joins and pays dues through April 25 will be
  included in the roster of ART Charter Members and will be eligible to vote at the Annual Meeting.

  Everyone is invited to join Oran Dent and the new officers for lunch at the Greenwich Tavern after the meeting. The
  officers will meet following lunch to begin planning for ART's second season of rational thinking. Peggy Borger will
  present the treasurer's report and a report on incorporating ART, and Virginia Jergens will report on plans for the
  newsletter.
  March Meeting: Robert Baker, Ghostbuster and CSICOP Fellow: "Not All Kentucky Spirits are in Bottles"

  ART met on Saturday, March 21, at the Greenwich Tavern to adopt by-laws and hear a lecture by Robert A. Baker,
  professor emeritus of psychology at the University of Kentucky, CSICOP Fellow, and author of several books,
  including They Call It Hypnosis and Hidden Memories, which examine the unintentional collusion of patient and
  therapist in producing nonfactual "memories." The ability of average human beings to deceive themselves because of a
  lack of information about how the normal brain functions is bottomless, according to Prof. Baker. Because of this
  ability, skeptics are surrounded by a sea of ignorance, superstition and credulity. Commercial media cash in on
  ignorance by pandering to audiences' fears, particularly fear of death, promoting superstitious belief while attracting
  large and profitable audiences. The delusion that interests Baker most now is the belief in ghosts, the belief in the ability
  of the dead to return to earth, appear before the living, and influence earthly affairs.

  Baker thinks that people believe in ghosts because of an overwhelming desire to believe in life after death. The belief in
  life after death is accompanied by a strong expectation that events evidencing life after death will occur. Thus a believer
  is not at all surprised to find the ghost of a favorite aunt rocking in her favorite rocking chair--the believer expects such
  events, and therefore is more likely to think of ghosts than of drafts. Believers in ghosts also lack knowledge of normal
  brain function. The common delusion of the spectral figure at the foot of the bed upon waking or going to sleep is an
  effect produced by normal brain processes. A person who has not been introduced to these normal processes in a course
  in introductory psychology, however, may well believe the illusion is a ghost, because of expecting a ghost rather than a
  normal glitch in perception.

  Belief in ghosts might be considered a harmless comfort and amusement, but a that is not always the case. Baker
  reported an incident in Ohio in which teenagers sighted a "ghost" in a graveyard. Repeated sightings resulted in the
  arrival of the police, who saw the apparition, hailed it, and upon receiving no answer, shot it, thus ending the life of a


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_1_No_7_1992.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:31]
  early-rising, deaf baker on his way to work shortly before dawn.

  Prof. Baker concluded his tales of Kentucky ghosts and ghostbusting by showing slides of well-known, alleged ghosts,
  accompanied by explanations of how the photographs had been faked. Altogether an entertaining and enlightening
  lecture for the skeptics gathered companionably in the dim reaches of the Greenwich Tavern.
  Which Committee Would You Like to Serve On??

  ART has an enormous job to do in the tri-state-- pseudoscience, gullibility, and ignorance permeate the media as well as
  the population at large. You can do something to promote scientific, rational thinking by volunteering to work on one of
  ART's committees. Many hands make light work! Join the committee of your choice at the annual meeting, or call
  Peggy Borger, 351-0921, and let her know what your preference is.

  Program Committee
     plans and arranges membership meetings, prepares calendar of membership meetings. Needs help in finding a better
  place for us to meet. Needs people to help plan programs, sharing sessions, get-togethers. Get your favorite scam on the
  list for a program next year--volunteer for this committee!
  Publicity Committee
     maintains a mailing list, notifies members of meetings, provides publicity to media. Needs someone with a computer
  to maintain mailing lists, someone to check out meeting announcement possibilities with the local papers and radio
  stations, and a great deal of creativity in getting the word out to the public.
  Scientific and Technical Consulting Committee
     organizes and maintains a pool of scientists and technicians to implement ART's educational and scientific purposes.
  Needs people with contacts in business, industry, academia, and the professions to find experts on everything from
  astrology to UFO's and to link the experts to those in the media, law enforcement, and elsewhere who need expert
  information. If you are a doctor, nurse, lawyer, professor, engineer or scientist or know such experts, we need you and
  your network.
  Investigations Committee
     supervises investigations conducted by ART. Needs people to visit the scenes of allegedly paranormal events,
  interview witnesses, law enforcement officers, and experts, and convey to the media and the public a scientific view of
  the event. All Sherlock Holmes and James "The Amazing" Randi wannabees should sign up for this committee.
  Membership Committee
     works toward maintaining and increasing ART's membership. Needs friendly, community- oriented people to find
  imaginative ways to get the word out to interested people in the tri-state area and help build a network of supportive
  rational thinkers. Telephone Tree Committee--These people are the main branches of our communication network for
  rapid distribution of information in the event of a paranormal emergency requiring prompt damage control. Join the tree,
  promote clear thinking!
  Newsletter Committee
     Read and review fascinating books exploring paranormal stuff! See your opinion in print! Spend happy hours folding,
  labeling, and stamping newsletters while arguing the finer points of skepticism with like- minded friends! All the while
  leaving the finer points of comma placement to the editor. Sign up for the newsletter committee.

  Calendar

     April 25, Saturday, 10:00 AM. First Annual Meeting: Election and installation of officers for 1992-93. Oran Dent,
  stage magician and ART charter member, will present "Similarities Between Military Deception and Stage Magic,"
  illustrated with magic tricks. Greenwich Tavern and Restaurant, 2440 Gilbert Ave., Cincinnati. Executive Council
  Meeting following lunch.
     May 16. Saturday, 10:00 AM. Keith Brabender on "Art's Perception of Science: An Analysis of Artistic and Scientific
  Knowledge from the Artist's Viewpoint." Greenwich Tavern and Restaurant, 2440 Gilbert Ave., Cincinnati. Executive
  Council Meeting following lunch.
     October 17. Saturday, 10:00 AM Topic and place to be announced in the next issue of the ART News, which will
  appear in your mailbox about October 1.

  Current Officers (Term of Office Ends April, 1992)

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_1_No_7_1992.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:31]
    President: Joe Gastright
    Secretary : Mary Pacinda
    Treasurer: Peggy Borger
    Program Committee Chair: Joe Gastright
    Newsletter Editor: Virginia Jergens
    Publicity Committee Chair: Porter Henry
    Telephone Tree Committee Chair: Peggy Borger (Members: Chuck Rodway, Virginia Jergens, Carolyn Hunt, Bill
  Giles) Membership Telephone Project Chair: Peggy Borger (Project volunteers: Porter Henry, Virginia Jergens, John
  Hubbard, Richard A. Bozian, Judy Findsen, John Fischer, Richard Hildebrand, John Kennedy, Mary Pacinda, and
  Ruthann West)
    By-Laws Committee Chair: Mary Pacinda (Members: Holly Norton, Chuck Rodway, Virginia Jergens)
    Media Resources Chair: Richard A. Bozian (Members: Chuck Rodway, Carl Bunde)

  CSICOP Seminar: Magic for Skeptics--Trickery and the Paranormal

  Lexington, Kentucky, Friday-Sunday, April 17-19, 1992.
  Joe Nickell and Robert A. Baker, Lecturers.

  Learn about the history of magic and its association with the paranormal, magic tricks and perception, mentalism and
  the tricks of psychics. Joe Nickell, former stage magician and private investigator, now teaches technical writing at the
  University of Kentucky. Robert A. Baker, professor emeritus of psychology at UK, is the author of several books and a
  well-known ghostbuster. For information, contact Barry Karr, CSICOP 716-636-1425. ART members Joe Gastright
  (581- 7315) and Porter Henry (221-5106) are going--call if you want to go with them. [an error occurred while
  processing this directive]


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_1_No_7_1992.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:31]
