{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T09:21:37Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 15471, "source_ctime_ns": 1790328091107754988, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cincinnati-Skeptic---Vol-01-No-06---1992.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790328091106241823, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cincinnati-Skeptic---Vol-01-No-06---1992.pdf", "source_sha256": "9898d6d167b74f5d74d06e9a65da51d177c8565c93c41808362c4d7ed97038f1"}

The Association For Rational Thought News
  Practicing The Art Of Clear Thinking In All Walks Of Life
  Vol. 1, No. 6
  March 1992

  The Association for Rational Thought is a new organization committed to encouraging clear thinking in all walks of life.
  ART encourages the investigation of paranormal and pseudo-scientific claims from a responsible, scientific viewpoint
  and the distribution of the results of such investigations to the public. You are cordially invited to become a charter
  member of ART.
  Come to the March 21 Meeting at the Greenwich Tavern and Restaurant!
  Robert Baker on Kentucky Ghosts

  On Saturday, March 21, at 10:00 AM, ART will meet at its new meeting place, the Greenwich Tavern and Restaurant
  on Gilbert Avenue (Driving instructions elsewhere in this issue). Robert Baker, University of Kentucky professor
  emeritus of psychology and chair of the Kentucky Association of Science Teachers and Skeptics will speak on "Not All
  Kentucky Spirits are in Bottles." Prof. Baker, champion ghostbuster and well-known speaker, will discuss ghost theory,
  famous Kentucky ghosts. Executive Council Meeting following lunch.
  February Meeting: A Non-Roundtable

  ART met on Saturday, February 15, at the Greenwich Tavern. During the business meeting the possibility of
  incorporating ART was discussed. No actions were taken. The business meeting was followed by a round table led by
  Bill Giles and Joe Gastright, who spoke on effective communication with non- skeptics. Unfortunately, effective
  communication among the members present was buried under the speakers' onslaught, which came to an end too late to
  permit any discussion. We apologize, and will do our utmost to make sure that future round tables are actually round,
  and include the opinions and contributions of all present. Future meetings begin with a well-organized business meeting
  no longer than 30 minutes, and will include ample time for discussion.
  Help Wanted! Jobs Galore!

  Promote rational thought in the tri-state and have fun working with fellow skeptics by volunteering for an Association
  for Rational Thought office or committee for the year beginning in April. Our proposed by-laws call for the following
  slots to be filled:
  Officers

  (All officers serve on the Executive Council.)

  President
     prepares agendas for and presides over membership and executive council meetings, supports other officers in
  accomplishing their tasks, promotes organizational development.
  Vice-President
     assists the president, serves as acting president in the absence of the president.
  Secretary
     Keeps minutes of membership and executive council meetings, prepares annual report for distribution at the annual
  meeting in April of each year.
  Treasurer
     collects dues, maintains financial records, makes disbursements, prepares annual financial report for distribution at
  the annual meeting in April.
  Membership Secretary
     chairs membership committee, maintains existing members, enrolls new members, maintains list of names, addresses,
  and phone numbers of current members.
  Investigations Officer
     chairs investigations committee and oversees all official investigatory projects.
  Publicity Coordinator
     chairs publicity committee, informs media of upcoming meetings, distributes to the media information in keeping


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_1_No_6_1992.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:31]
  with ART's purposes.
  Newsletter Editor
     publishes the monthly newsletter, maintains mailing lists, coordinates the exchange of newsletters with other
  chapters, makes the newsletters of other chapters available to members.
  Meeting Organizer
     chairs program committee, arranges membership meetings.
  Media Resources Coordinator
     chairs the scientific and technical consulting committee, maintains a pool of experts who will be available to respond
  to inquiries from the media about pseudoscientific or paranormal incidents.

  Committee Members

  Each of the standing committees listed below requires at least three members:

  Program Committee
    plans and arranges membership meetings, prepares calendar of membership meetings.
  Publicity Committee
    maintains a mailing list, notifies members of meetings, provides publicity to media.
  Scientific and Technical Consulting Committee
    organizes and maintains a pool of scientists and technicians to implement ART's educational and scientific purposes.
  Investigations Committee
    supervises investigations conducted by ART.
  Membership Committee
    works toward maintaining and increasing ART's membership.

  ART has at present one ad hoc committee, the Telephone Tree Committee, which requires about three members and a
  chair. In addition, the newsletter editor could use help with writing articles, maintaining mailing lists, and preparing
  issues for mailing.
  Calendar

  Change in meeting place: ART's new meeting place is the Greenwich Tavern and Restaurant, 2440 Gilbert Avenue,
  Cincinnati (Driving instructions elsewhere in this issue). Come to the meeting and stay for an informal and inexpensive
  lunch afterwards.

  Change in monthly meeting day: The day for the regular monthly meeting has been changed from the second Saturday
  of the month to the third Saturday of the month.

    March 21, Saturday, 10:00 AM. Monthly Meeting. Greenwich Tavern and Restaurant, 2440 Gilbert Avenue,
  Cincinnati. Robert Baker, University of Kentucky professor emeritus of psychology and chair of the Kentucky
  Association of Science Teachers and Skeptics on "Not All Kentucky Spirits are in Bottles." Prof. Baker, champion
  ghostbuster, will discuss ghost theory, famous Kentucky ghosts. Executive Council Meeting following lunch.
    April 18, Saturday, 10:00 AM. First Annual Meeting: Election and installation of officers for 1992-93, Adoption of
  By- Laws. Oren Dent, stage magician and ART charter member, will present "Similarities Between Military Deception
  and Stage Magic," illustrated with magic tricks. Greenwich Tavern and Restaurant, 2440 Gilbert Ave., Cincinnati.
  Executive Council Meeting following lunch.
    May 16. Saturday, 10:00 AM. To be announced.
    June 20, Saturday, 10:00 AM. To be announced. Possibly a skeptical picnic.

  Membership Drive Volunteers!

  If you have not already made your membership drive calls, please do so before the March meeting. Bring your
  completed contact sheets to Joe Gastright at the March meeting. Joe Gastright will collate all the contact sheets and
  report on the outcome of the membership drive at the April meeting. We greatly appreciate your efforts.
  Current Officers (Term of Office Ends April, 1992)

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_1_No_6_1992.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:31]
    President: Joe Gastright
    Secretary : Mary Pacinda
    Treasurer: Peggy Borger
    Program Committee Chair: Joe Gastright
    Newsletter Editor: Virginia Jergens
    Publicity Committee Chair: Porter Henry
    Telephone Tree Committee Chair: Peggy Borger (Members: Chuck Rodway, Virginia Jergens, Carolyn Hunt, Bill
  Giles)
    Membership Telephone Project Chair: Peggy Borger (Project volunteers: Porter Henry, Virginia Jergens, John
  Hubbard, Richard A. Bozian, Judy Findsen, John Fischer, Richard Hildebrand, John Kennedy, Mary Pacinda, and
  Ruthann West)
    By-Laws Committee Chair: Mary Pacinda (Members: Holly Norton, Chuck Rodway, Virginia Jergens)
    Media Resources Chair: Richard A. Bozian (Members: Chuck Rodway, Carl Bunde)

  Join ART Now! This Is Your Last Free Newsletter! Stay in touch with skeptical tri-staters--Pay your dues today and
  continue receiving the Association for Rational Thought News. Costs of xeroxing and mailing prevent us from
  maintaining a nonpaying mailing list. [an error occurred while processing this directive]


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_1_No_6_1992.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:31]
