{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T11:43:26Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 43184, "source_ctime_ns": 1790336592006455426, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cincinnati-Skeptic---Vol-05-No-01---1995.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790336592004240724, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cincinnati-Skeptic---Vol-05-No-01---1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "9843b2395f3c2e75eef07b13400d0e1a2c5fe549abaff8a3edc580c2e86c1bfd"}

Cincinnati Skeptic
  Vol. 5, No. 1 The Newsletter of The Association for Rational Thought October, 1995
  In This Issue

  February Meeting -- False Memory Syndrome
  April Meeting -- Bermuda Triangle, "Psychic Archeologist"
  May Meeting -- "Psychic Engineer" Takes on Skeptics
  Research Update: Physicists Discount Power Line Cancer Scare
  Update: Mary Sightings
  Book Review -- Madame Blavatsky's Baboon -- Wolf Roder
  Book Review -- Tainted Truth -- Wolf Roder
  New Blurbs
  Local Creationism
  Joe Nickell Joins CSICOP Staff
  Letters to the Editor
  February Meeting: False Memory Syndrome

  Bob Contadino, a social worker trained in rehabilitation and founder of a local false memory syndrome support group,
  brought A.R.T. members up to date on the false memory problem at the February meeting. Bob became interested in the
  topic when a friend told him about his experiences with the problem. Over time he became an expert and leader of the
  support group. Here is a summary of his remarks.

  "False memory syndrome" is a term coined by the False Memory Syndrome Foundation, organized about three years
  ago by individuals falsely accused of molesting children on the basis of long-forgotten memories said to have been
  "recovered," often through therapy. The goal of the False Memory Syndrome Foundation is to help those accused on the
  basis of these unreliable "memories." As part of its work, the Foundation attempts to educate people about the
  possibility of false memories.
  "Repressed" Memories

  People who believe that they have recovered long-forgotten memories often refer to the memories as having been
  "repressed." The standard mental health term used to describe forgetting material is "amnesia." "Repression" is a term
  used by Freud to describe the act of forgetting memories that trouble the rememberer. In Freud's theory, individuals
  were thought to repress or hide from themselves memories of troubling feelings, fantasies, wishes, and so on.
  Typical False Memory Patient

  "False Memory Syndrome" is a cluster of symptoms whose cause is not well understood but is believed to be the
  product of therapist-patient interaction. Typically the patient is a white woman, college educated, and middle class who
  decides to try therapy to help with some common psychological problem, unhappy feelings due to a marital problem, or
  a problem with a job, a child, or other family members. During therapy the patient comes to believe that she was abused
  by a family member or friend or neighbor as many as 10 to 20 years ago. Although never troubled by these memories
  before, she comes to believe that her current unhappy feelings are due to this abuse.

  Typically the "recovered memory" begins as a simple story which becomes more elaborate and bizarre as time, and
  therapy, go on The consequences of "recovering" these "memories" can be disruptive and destructive, estranging the
  patient from members of her family and resulting in civil or criminal suits in which the only evidence of wrong doing is
  the "recovered memories."

  False memories could be said to have been discovered by Sigmund Freud, although he never used that term. As he
  talked to his patients, many of them women, Freud discovered that they told him they had been abused as children. He
  believed them, because he had other evidence that child abuse occurred. Letters he wrote to his fiance when he was in
  France studying hypnosis and neurology refer to autopsies he observed of children killed by their parents.

  But as his own patients' stories became longer and more elaborate, he realized that the things they were telling him were


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_5_No_1_1995.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:34]
  very unlikely. So he checked some of their stories against other evidence and discovered that some of what they had told
  him could not be true. He found, for example, that a patient reported having been abused at a time when Freud knew at
  the alleged abuser was out of the country. In the light of this evidence, Freud revised his theory and came be believe that
  although there are cases in which abuse occurs there are also cases in which the abuse is a fantasy, although the memory
  seems real to the rememberer.

  Today, however, many therapists are not as wary as Freud was of memories of child abuse. Instead, some believe that
  most adult emotional problems are caused by childhood abuse, and thus look for evidence of such abuse, and even
  suggest to their patients that most emotional illness is likely to be due to childhood abuse, often forgotten. As a result
  their patients are very likely to inadvertently "remember" childhood abuse.

  Typically the abuse they remember is 10 to 20 years in the past. The account of the abuse may begin with accusations
  against a single parent, neighbor or sibling. As the story is elaborated, parents, siblings, grandparents, aunts, uncles,
  cousins, and neighbors are also accused. The story may also extend back even farther into the alleged victim's past,
  eventually producing "memories" of abuse in utero or at age 6 months. A close examination of such stories will usually
  show that it conflicts with evidence available from other sources. Another clue to whether the memory of abuse if false
  is whether the claimed abuse would have caused immediate death. Some children have reported rectal insertions that
  would have caused almost immediate death from bleeding. Typically the abuse "remembered" is believed to have been
  repeated and regular, perhaps even daily, over many years, and then later "repressed."
  False Memories of Satanic Rituals

  About 18% of patients who present such elaborated "memories" of past abuse believe that they have been abused as part
  of a Satanic ritual in which babies were sacrificed. A typical "recovered memory" in this groups of patients may include
  having been impregnated as part of a Satanic ritual, giving birth to the infant, and being forced to kill and eat it. Kenneth
  Lanning, a retired FBI agent, became interested in cult activities in which homicides were said to occur. After
  investigating many such reported incidents, he concluded that there is no evidence of a satanic conspiracy coordinating
  satanic abuse nationwide. He found a few incidents in which teenagers had killed an animal and painted symbols
  interpreted as Satanic nearby, and also a few incidents in which a severely mentally ill person had done something
  similar. People who believe that they have been abused in the course of a satanic ritual believe that there is no evidence
  of a satanic conspiracy because those who would collect such evidence, including the police, judges, and so on, are
  members of the conspiracy themselves.

  When a person retains a firm belief in a memory in spite of contradictory evidence, that person is said to be delusional.
  Delusions generally become stronger in the face of contradictory evidence. Some false memory patients are truly
  delusional, others are not so sure of their "recovered memories." False memory syndrome is not a standard psychiatric
  diagnosis. Usually people who have "recovered memories" of abuse are diagnosed by their therapists as having either
  Multiple Personality Disorder (MPD), which is a disassociative disorder, or Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).
  (The most recent version of the standard Diagnostic and Statistical Manual(DSM) used by mental health professionals
  has dropped MPD and replaced it with Identity Disorder).

  In the case of therapists treating "recovered" memories, MPD and PSTD are preferred diagnoses because they appear in
  standard psychiatric manuals, and thus are more likely to be eligible for insurance reimbursement. In addition they are
  the only standard diagnoses that are said to result from trauma. So these diagnoses are used because no other DSM
  diagnoses meet these requirements. There is no standard diagnostic category for a post-abuse syndrome. In PTSD,
  however, the illness occurs soon after the traumatic event, war, concentration camp or whatever, unlike the typical
  "recovered" memory patient, who "remembers" the abuse years after it is said to have occurred.
  How Memory Works

  Understanding how false memories develop is easier if you understand a bit about how memory in general works.
  Typically a person who has false memory syndrome believes that she has recovered memories of events that happened
  very early in life and went on for years, then were forgotten for years before they were "recovered." Memory does not
  work in this way, however. Memory for specific events does not develop until the child is around 2 1/2 years old. There
  is a very solid body of memory research indicating that memory does not exist before that age. Further, early memories
  are often very distorted.

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_5_No_1_1995.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:34]
  For example, in a case study of the distortion of memory, the physical exam of a young girl was videotaped. The exam
  was completely conventional, pleasant, and non-intrusive. After the exam was completed, the girl was asked what went
  on at the doctor's. At first, she reported only what had actually happened, but gradually when she was asked over and
  over what had happened, she developed a story that became more elaborate and more unpleasant with each retelling.
  The tape remained as evidence of what actually went on, but the process of being asked repeatedly about the exam had
  produced an elaborate, false memory.

  Sometimes when children are asked about abuse in their past, they are handed anatomically detailed dolls to use to help
  explain what happened. Research has shown that the use of these dolls produces unreliable results, in part because
  children when handed a toy with holes in it just naturally put their fingers in every orifice available. Research also
  documents the tendency of children and adults to pick up very sensitively on any expectations the therapist or questioner
  has. Merely handing the doll to the child may suggest to the child that the questioner expects to be told about sexual
  abuse. The use of such dolls has been outlawed in California courts.

  It has also been documented that persons who were in fact abused are not likely to forget the abuse, even though they
  wish they could. Persons who were imprisoned in concentration camps as children, for example, have not forgotten
  what happened to them. They may have lost details, but remember the main outlines of what happened to them, in spite
  of wishing greatly to forget. The American Psychiatric Association has concluded that amnesia is especially unlikely if
  the events in question continued over a long period of time. Some believe that repeated remembering of traumatic
  events may allow the rememberer to become somewhat desensitized to them, and thus less uncomfortable.

  Physical trauma, for example, automobile accidents, or head injury commonly causes amnesia, but usually for events
  just preceding and during the accident and subsequent treatment. A psychological trauma may cause amnesia, but it is
  very rare, and does not seem to occur in the case of repeated abuse.

  Amnesia can occur at any age, but memory becomes more reliable as the child becomes older. In summary, there is no
  scientific evidence to date to support the claim that repression exists, but there is lots of evidence that it is easy to create
  false memories.
  Suggestibility Can Lead to MPD

  Some people believe that Multiple Personality Disorder may not exist except when induced by suggestion, because it is
  very easy to induce in a suggestible person, especially a histrionic, suggestible person. If someone the suggestible
  person trusts says to her, "Did you ever notice how different you are with different people? Well, do you know what that
  suggests?" Disassociative experience can occur, however. Under extreme stress, the thread of memory from one
  experience to another can be broken. Mr. Contadino would not use MPD as a diagnosis unless he was certain the patient
  had never before been diagnosed as MPD, since the diagnostic process is so likely to induce the problem. Only a
  handful of verified MPD cases are recorded for the first 50 to 75 years of the twentieth century, but since about 1980,
  cases have multiplied. Seeing someone who believes she has multiple personalities is quite convincing, because seeing
  someone move from one personality to another very different one is very dramatic. But it is a talent we all have.

  MPD is a culturally determined psychiatric symptom. The therapist's expectations lead to the development of symptoms.
  In order to please the therapist, the patient develops symptoms to match the expectations of the therapist. The same
  thing happens with False Memory Syndrome. A patient goes to therapy with marital problems or depression, and tells
  her therapist she doesn't remember any abuse as a child. Then the therapist says something like, "I've had many patients
  who eventually remember childhood abuse." The patient experiences that statement as a demand that she remember
  abuse, and often comes to believe that to get well she must remember abuse. Although the memories of abuse
  "recovered" in this fashion are false, the patient suffers as though they were accurate memories. Such pressure to
  remember non-existent events can be exerted by a therapist, hypnotist, or a support group. A support group which
  includes individuals who were abused as children is likely to produce a strong expectation for each member to
  remember a story of abuse in order to get well.

  Research has concluded that hypnotically refreshed memory is not more accurate than non-hypnotically refreshed
  memory. The patient, however, is believes much more strongly in memories retrieved under hypnosis, than in

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_5_No_1_1995.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:34]
  unrefreshed memories.

  Another aspect of memory that most people do not understand is that forgetting is common, and in fact we must forget
  most of what goes on all day, so that we are not swamped with unnecessary detail. When children who had actually
  been abused were interviewed as adults, some had forgotten the abuse and some remembered it, evidence that most
  things are forgotten. But this evidence is not conclusive, since the study did not use a double blind method, in which
  neither interviewers nor those who interpreted the interviews knew which respondents had actually been abused. As a
  result, "demand characteristics," that is the experimenters' expectations, may have contaminated the results.

  There are many sources for information on how to "retrieve" memory: books, TV shows, hypnosis, and numberless
  methods, including guided imagery, active imagination, and so on. Used properly such methods can be helpful, but they
  are very powerful tools, and can cause a lot of problems also.

  About 20% of the population is estimated to be very suggestible, but few are truly delusional or suffer from a
  personality disorder. Contagion does seem to account for the spread of some apparently hysteric, that is, imitative,
  psychological illnesses.

  In False Memory Syndrome, many patients move from merely remembering abuse to publicly accusing someone, and
  bringing civil or criminal cases against their families, neighbors and friends. The individuals who appear on TV
  recounting their stories of abuse are likely to be persons with a histrionic, or love of the dramatic, side to their
  personality. Individuals who have actually been abused rarely are willing to go public at all with their stories. Only very
  rarely has a patient, having decided the "recovered memories" were false, successful sued a therapist for damages. It is
  very difficult for a family member of the patient to sue the therapist, because the law views the patient as the only one
  with an legitimate interest in any damage the therapist may have done.

  The False Memory Syndrome Foundation now has recorded 15,000 to 16,000 cases of false memory syndrome. The
  recorded number is increasing over time, and is believed to be much smaller than the actual number of such cases.
  Contributors to False Memory

  Therapists, abuse reporting laws, revenge-seeking relatives, religious leaders, and child care workers all contribute to
  the development of False Memory Syndrome. The chief problem is really the therapist who inadvertently leads the
  patient into "remembering" false memories. It is believed that many therapists who inadvertently induce false memories
  were abused as children, and have a punitive form of feminist ideology that seeks to "get" men. But 80% of recovered
  memory patients are women, which tends to make women look unreliable, a distinctly nonfeminist outcome.

  Another problem is laws requiring the report of suspected abuse. The Children's Protective Association in the early to
  mid ‘70's encouraged state legislatures to pass laws requiring that suspected abuse be reported, and protecting the
  accuser. Any professional, doctor, therapist, or child worker, who suspects child abuse is required to report their
  suspicions, and can lose their license if they do not report. The result is that those who are falsely accused are unable to
  defend themselves.

  At one time revengeful relatives tried to probate their unwelcome family member into a mental hospital, but now they
  accuse that person of sexual abuse, since the accuser, even if the accusation is false, is safe from attack.

  Sometimes memories are "recovered" in a revival setting. Here solicitous clergy take the role of the therapist. This
  appears to be what happened in the Ingram case, in which a daughter accused her father of sexual abuse. The family's
  minister visited the father in jail and when the father told him he had not committed abuse, the minister told him to pray
  about it and that he would come back the next day and he would ask again about the abuse. The next day Mr. Ingram
  told his minister he had committed abuse. Richard Offshe, a social psychologist concerned with persuasion and group
  pressure, having heard about the encounter with the minister, undertook a field experiment. He visited Mr. Ingram in
  jail, told Mr. Ingram a lie, that his sons had also accused him of abuse, and asked Mr. Ingram if he had abused them. Mr.
  Ingram told him he had not, but by the next day, was telling Offshe that he had indeed sexually abused his sons. With
  that Offshe had good evidence that Mr. Ingram was exceptionally suggestible, but Ingram is still in prison. He is
  generally believed not to have committed abuse, but since he confessed to abuse, he can't be released.

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_5_No_1_1995.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:34]
  Part of the problem with "recovered memories" is the tendency of those who work with children to believe that most
  symptoms of psychological distress in children are caused by sexual abuse.
  Recanters

  False Memory Syndrome Foundation is now reporting a few recanters -- those who have decided that their recovered
  memories are false. In addition a few lawyers have begun to specialize in defending those falsely accused. Contadino
  believes that no accusation of sexual abuse should be made in the absence of evidence corroborating the "recovered
  memories." He believes that an unknown percent of real abuse cases exist, but that most are delusional, and there is no
  way to know with certainty how many. One problem is that if you challenge an accusation, you are likely to be accused
  yourself. He would not be surprised to find himself accused of sexual abuse.

  Some recanters are now suing their therapists. Some patients became depressed, and even suicidal because of the false
  memories in them by unwitting therapists. Patients and their families are severely damaged when the "story" expands.
  Contadino knows of a psychiatrist who practices in Georgia who treats people who developed false memories and as a
  result developed depression and anxiety.

  Mr. Contadino concluded his talk by saying that there are no benefits to inducing false memories. It is helpful to know
  oneself, and one's own history, and the way we are and our beliefs and how that affects our life. But false accusers are
  encouraged to go beyond exploring their fantasies to accuse the innocent, doing irreparable harm to themselves and their
  families.

  -- Ed.
  April Meeting
  New Officers

  The annual election of officers, followed by reports on the Bermuda Triangle and a "psychic archeologist." constituted
  the April 8 meeting of A.R.T. at Raymond Walters College.

  Investigations Chairman Joe Gastright opened the meeting with a report that creationists are becoming increasingly
  active in Cincinnati. A creationist organization called Answers in Genesis has moved its headquarters from the West
  Coast to Cincinnati. The Cincinnati Enquirer recently ran a pro-creationism guest editorial by Gary Parker, head of the
  science department at Clearwater Christian College, Florida. To promote its beliefs Answers in Genesis sponsored a
  two-day program of seminars and exhibits at the Albert B. Sabin Convention Center in Cincinnati in March.

  To prevent creationism's being banned from public schools on the grounds that it is a religion, Joe reported, creationists
  are trying to establish it as a science as valid as evolution while also claiming that evolution is not scientific.

  The following officers and committee chairpersons were elected unanimously: President, Roy Auerbach; Vice-
  President, Bob Riehemann; Treasurer, Dick McGrath; Secretaries: Membership, Donna Loughry;' Meeting Reminder
  Cards, Brad Bonham; Meeting Minutes: Bob Riehemann, coordinator, and Porter Henry, assistant; Newsletter Editor,
  Virginia Jergens; Meeting Organizer, Mary Pacinda; Investigations Officer, Joe Gastright; Publicity Coordinator, Mary
  Pacinda; Media Resources Coordinator, Wolf Roder.

  Committee members are:
  Membership: Donna Loughry, chair; Brad Bonham, Porter Henry, and Ruthann West.
  Newsletter: Virginia Jergens, chair; Peter Jergens, layout; Donna Loughry, mailing labels; Brad Bonham, production.
  Investigations: Joe Gastright, chair, Everett Dejager and Brad Bonham.
  Publicity: Mary Pacinda, chair and Dayton area; Virginia Jergens, Cincinnati, and Bob Riehemann, Northern Kentucky.
  Program: Mary Pacinda, chair; Nurit Bowman and Bob Riehemann.
  Scientific and Technical Consulting: Wolf Roder, chair, and Andrew Lutes.
  Bermuda Triangle

  A highlight of the meeting was a BBC-TV film on the Bermuda Triangle, in which skeptical author Barry Kusher

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_5_No_1_1995.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:34]
  demonstrated that many of the "mysterious" disappearances of ships and planes in the Caribbean had rational
  explanations that could be uncovered with a little honest investigation.
  "Psychic Archeologist"

  Members also listened to a tape of a credulous National Public Radio news piece describing the work of George
  McMullen, a "psychic archeologist." McMullen, a native American with no training in history or archeology, claims that
  he can stand on an archeological site, or hold a stone from the site, and "see" in his mind the people, buildings, and
  culture of its vanished civilization. The tape quoted one professional archeologist as saying that McMullen was 80%
  accurate.

  -- A.R.T. member, Porter Henry, Cincinnati, Ohio.
  May Meeting
  Safety Engineer Takes Chances Facing Audience of Skeptics

  It was billed as a talk by a believer, but turned out to be a 90-minute running debate between Richard Strong, who
  believes in just about every paranormal phenomenon imaginable, and an audience of polite but firmly skeptical A.R.T.
  members and guests.

  Mr. Strong is a safety engineer at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and a member of a Mensa Special Interest Group
  called PSI-SIG, the "PSI" standing for "Psychic Science International."

  His announced subject, "Psychic Science," might lead one to expect that he would define the protocols, methods and
  procedures of such a science. Instead, he presented a grab bag of claims and experiments, many of them well known,
  that purported to demonstrate psychic powers.

  He triggered a prolonged debated with Joe Gastright by citing the experiments of Dr. Robert Jahn at his Princeton
  Engineering Anomalies Laboratory. Jahn's subjects try to guess whether a signal produced by a random generator will
  be plus or minus. He reported that his subjects guessed correctly more often than mere chance would predict.

  Joe pointed out that Dr. Jahn's single outstanding performer was his wife, that subjects were not supervised and could
  have been hitting the apparatus or using a magnet.

  To prove that brain functions are not localized, Mr. Strong cited a professor at the University of Indiana who removed
  the brain of a salamander, ground it up, and reinserted it. The salamander behaved normally. When minced salamander
  brain was put into a frog's skull, the frog ate like a salamander, Mr. Strong reported.

  The fluid in which the brain rests, he said, may "ground" all mental activities in the way an auto chassis grounds the
  car's electrical circuits This fluid, he postulated, may be the source of psychic abilities.

  As a test of our ability to visualize, he asked us to imagine a cube being cut in several directions, and then described one
  of the resulting chunks. Some people can't visualize the results, which may explain why they can't visualize psychically.
  To the disappointment of the entire audience, he failed to offer any theory explaining the influence of brain fluid on the
  ability to visualize chopped up cubes.

  A firm believer in dowsing, he said he can locate objects by holding a pendulum over a map. From the audience: "Then
  why hasn't some psychic used that method to help the FBI locate the John Doe 2 of the Oklahoma City bombing?"
  There's just no established pool of psychics you can phone for information like that, Mr. Strong averred.

  Asked where he has used his psychic gifts in safety engineering, Mr. Strong said he had once predicted that a refueling
  boom would break apart (it did) and another time became deathly ill while starting an airplane and got out, learning later
  that it had a dangerous fuel leak.

  "Many people have had such experiences," a doubtful member of the audience noted. Mr. Strong countered, "But after a
  couple of thousand times you begin to see how it works."

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_5_No_1_1995.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:34]
  Asked for examples of psychic science being used in engineering, he said he knew of none because he didn't read
  engineering journals. A helpful member of the audience suggested, "If you found such examples, wouldn't that increase
  your credibility with skeptics?" Towhich our doughty speaker replied, "What would credibility among skeptics do for
  me?"

  "You point to the failures in some Psi tests," he commented, "but how about the failures of the physical sciences? You
  say the auto industry is so great, but what about that half a million people slaughtered by autos and 10 times that number
  in hospitals?"

  An unrepentant skeptic in the audience muttered, "They still work better than flying carpets."

  -- Porter Henry, A.R.T. member, Cincinnati.
  Research Update: Physicists Say Power Lines Do Not Cause Cancer

  Public concern over the possibility that the electro-magnetic fields surrounding power lines may cause cancer has grown
  since 1980, according to the New York Times. Belief in the cancer-inducing effects of power lines has led to spending
  an estimated $1 to $3 billion a year in the United States to move or shield power lines. Plans for power plant expansions
  have been canceled. Eleven families of child cancer patients have sued Houston Lighting and Power Company, claiming
  that the company knew its power line fields were carcinogenic and concealed its knowledge.

  Power lines produce both electric and magnetic fields. Unlike electric fields, magnetic fields penetrate human tissue,
  and thus are the focus of concern. Early studies concluded that exposure to a magnetic field of 3 or 4 milligauss could
  cause cancer. These studies, which some investigators have found flawed and inconclusive, have not been corroborated
  by most of the many later studies, but the contention has only intensified.

  The American Physical Society, the largest professional association of physicists in the world, after studying the issue
  since 1989, has now taken a firm position on this long-standing controversy. Pointing out that as public concern has
  increased, evidence supporting the claim that power line fields are carcinogenic has diminished, and that vast amounts
  of money are spent every year to fix a problem that isn't there, the society has issued a statement that it can find no
  evidence to support the claim that electro-magnetic fields produced by power lines are carcinogenic.

  The physicists point out that human beings are always exposed to the magnetic field of the earth, 500 milligauss, much
  larger than the 3 to 4 milligauss thought to be at fault in early studies. Home appliances produce magnetic fields
  between 1 to 280 milligauss when the user is within one foot of the appliance, much less when the user is farther away.

  Physicist David Hafemeister, California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, led a study which reviewed
  theory and research in the area for the society. Hefemeister reviewed over 1,000 studies and interviewed physicists who
  specialized in electromagnetic fields. He concluded that the studies completed to date "show no consistent, significant
  link between cancer and power line fields."

  In addition to no data, there is no good theory which could provide an explanation for a power line field - cancer link.
  The study stated that "[t]he conjectures relating cancer to power line fields have not been scientifically substantiated."

  -- Ed.

  Reference:
  William J. Broad. "Cancer Fear Is Unfounded, Physicists Say: Power Line Concern is Called Needless." New York
  Times 14 May 1995, natl. ed.: 14.
  Update: Mary, or Someone, Relocates Cold Spring Sighting

  The annual Cold Spring KY Mary sighting vigil on Aug. 31 has been relocated. The Cincinnati Enquirer reports that
  Mary has thoughtfully told a visionary in Batavia who stays in touch with the Queen of Heaven that it would be
  perfectly all right to move the event to accommodate construction on U.S. 27 near St. Joseph Church in Cold Spring,

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_5_No_1_1995.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:34]
  and that Norwood would certainly be fine.

  The same article also reports that organizers from Our Lady of the Holy Spirit Center on Moeller Avenue in Norwood
  decided the construction would make the trip "too difficult," so the vigil will be held noon to midnight at the former St.
  Mary Seminary in Norwood. Fortunately, Mary appears, so to speak, to agree with the organizers.

  -- Ed.

  Reference:
  Walt Schaefer. "Pilgrimage Rerouted to Norwood." Cincinnati Enquirer 22 July 1995. B1.
  Book Reviews
  Madame Blavatsky's Baboon: A History of the Mystics, Mediums, and Misfits Who Brought Spiritualism to America
  Peter Washington
  New York: Schocken Books, 1995

  This book is really neither about Madame Blavatsky, nor about her stuffed baboon, but it is about Theosophy, the
  spiritualist religion Blavatsky founded. It does not focus on America either, but it is a history of mystics, mediums, and
  misfits. The author recounts the story of the founders of Theosophy and then proceeds to examine their metaphysical
  progeny and descendants. The entire history is set within the intellectual ambiance of the past two centuries. This is a
  period when science and war alienated persons from their religion, and many searched for a new connection to the
  masters, spirits, and gods.

  I am tempted to parody the "begats" in the Bible. First there was Madame Helena Petrovna Blavatsky, who borrowed
  her ideas from the novelist Edward George Bulwer-Lytton. With Colonel Henry Olcott she founded the Theosophical
  Society. Until she died she produced written missives she claimed were from the "masters" Morya, Mahachohan, Manu,
  Maitreya, and Koot Hoomi. The masters also include the Buddha and Jesus. The letters were in her handwriting, of
  course, since she was the instrument the masters used to produce physical evidence.

  The founders recruited Charles Webster Leadbeater, who embraced Buddhism and became the bishop of the Liberal
  Catholic Church. Yes, both at the same time. He also found the child Krishnamurti, who was groomed to become the
  new Jesus of the Theosophists. Well, that was until he quit and went into business as a Master on his own. Rudolf
  Steiner recruited himself as the chairman of the German section, until he went off on his own to forge Anthroposophy.
  He didn't like all that Hindu emphasis and wanted to introduce more Christian ideas. He warned against Lucifer, who
  seduces us to overestimate the powers of spirit, and against Ahriman, who tempts us to rely on reason and logic.

  Eventually Blavatsky passed the torch in apostolic succession to Anna Kingsford in the United States, and to Annie
  Besant in India. Anna never could get along with others and retreated with her group to Point Loma outside San Diego,
  while Annie reigned supreme until her death at 84 in 1931. Peter Damien Ouspensky came from upper middle class
  Moscow to search for the occult in fourth-dimension mathematics, Nietzschean theories, and mystical Islam until he
  found Theosophy. George Ivanovitch Gurdjieff was another son of a carpenter in a remote Middle Eastern village, with
  doubtful stories about his early life. The meaning of his route to spiritual enlightenment remains obscure.

  Krishnamurti lived on to become a guru to the California college scene in the sixties, and to be overtaken by the
  Maharishi Mahesh Yogi and Swami Prabhavananda. With the full blown New Age it was not one teacher who appeared
  from the East, but they came in dozens. Theosophy lives on in a thoroughly dignified way, though the thrilling,
  scandalous days of Blavatsky, Besant, and Leadbeater are gone.

  -- Wolf Roder, A.R.T. member, Cincinnati, Ohio.
  Tainted Truth: The Manipulation of Fact in America
  Cynthia Crossen
  New York: Simon & Schuster, 1994

  In a general way most people already know what the author of this book tells us: the science reported in the media, in
  newspapers, on TV and radio is not to be trusted. Especially untrustworthy and tainted by special interests are numbers

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_5_No_1_1995.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:34]
  based on surveys and polls and generally on human responses of all kinds. Yet, percentages often given to two decimal
  points seem accurate and convincing. In contrast, scientists know a lone study is but a small step, a single rung on a long
  ladder which may eventually lead to some truth. Cynthia Crossen is well qualified to know media hype as she is a
  science reporter for the Wall Street Journal.

  The six substantive chapters of the volume represent a slow escalation from a discussion of commercial hype through
  the lies of advertising, to the horrors of drug research and the worthlessness of courtroom testimony. On the way she
  examines public opinion polling and environmental research. Let's be clear about one thing, really good and accurate
  research using human respondents is possible, whether this involves opinion polling or drug reactions. Such work is
  done daily, but much of it is proprietary to firms, to politicians, or to lawyers who will not publicize it if it does not
  agree with their interests. On the other hand they will publicize shoddy, biased, poor or otherwise bent work if it does
  agree with their needs. And, they will promote, pay for, and generally further research which does agree with their
  commercial, political, or legal interests, regardless of its truth value. This sort of thing is not science, social or
  otherwise, but merely make believe borrowing the regard and reputation of science. It is the equivalent of the actor in a
  white lab coat advertising any nostrum on TV.

  One of the villains in Crossen's book is the communications media, which will report and sensationalize any "scientific"
  claim no matter how shoddy, preliminary, tentative, or superficial. She discusses in detail the alar on apples scare, which
  nearly wrecked a farming industry for nothing more than the hype of the Natural Resources Defense Council. She also
  discusses the oat bran is good for the heart hype, which for a time threatened the supply of oats for horses merely to
  improve the Quaker Oats Company bottom line. In both cases very small effects were hyped to the point of a national
  mania.

  The major drug manufacturing companies come in for a great deal of criticism. These have the money and reputation to
  buy compliant scientists, who will carry out research according to the company's protocol, to find the results the
  company wants. Crossen discusses several cases where worthless or dangerous drugs were foisted on the FDA and the
  market or kept there long after dangerous side effects made themselves known.

  Her last and heaviest criticism is reserved for the courts. Here opposing lawyers are neither encouraged to look for
  objective knowledge nor obligated to present facts. On the contrary in the adversary system of American jurisprudence
  any argument is acceptable. Lawyers have no difficulty finding compliant scientific experts or may even qualify quacks,
  who will testify to anything wanted for the case at hand.

  Starting with deceptively simple strictures on hype and the media, Crossen ends with a powerful indictment of
  corruptible science. The present shortage of research funds has lead research centers, universities, and individual
  scientists into the selfish embrace of commercial and political interests. Biological and social scientific work is
  sufficiently ambiguous, that even the honest worker can be led to deceive himself by the siren call of one more lucrative
  grant.

  -- Wolf Roder, Media Resources Coordinator, ART, Cincinnati.
  New Blurbs

  Written by Andrew Lutes.

     The Bermuda Triangle
     Facilitated Communication
     Faith Healers
     Firewalking
     The Hundredth Monkey Phenomenon
     Hypnotherapy
     Is Moon Dust Proof of Recent Creation?
     Nebraska Man
     The Velikovsky Phenomenon


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_5_No_1_1995.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:34]
  Local Creationism
  A report on a new Creationist organization in Cincinnati

  To a physicist, my title might suggest a reference to a theory advanced by the physicist Fred Hoyle in 1948 as an
  alternative explanation for the expansion of the universe as experimentally observed by Hubble. As late as 1962 the
  famous physicist Richard Feynman suggested that Hoyle's theory was still an option in his lectures (recently published
  as the Feynman Lectures on Gravitation, see section 13.3 ). But Hoyle's theory has a problem -- it is falsifiable and the
  Creationism to which I refer is not. The facts relevant to Creationism all suggest that it is false, but this is taken as an
  indication that the fundamentalist Christian god is inscrutable. Indeed!

  Creationism has given us a new corporate citizen in Florence, KY. Answers in Genesis is loudly proclaiming that the
  biblical book of Genesis explains most of the science and ethics which all people need to know. This group is headed by
  Ken Ham, an acquisition from Australia. He has been in the U.S. for about 8 years. Before moving to Florence he was
  involved with the Creation Science Foundation. He is proselytizing in local churches and explicitly states that
  creationists wish to see, "Our thinking in every area." A cartoon with this caption appears in his book: "The Lie:
  Evolution." My investigation revealed a substantial group which supports him and which is willing to financially back
  him in his anti-scientific work.

  Mr. Ham is very poorly informed about science. He paints a picture in which all problems in our society derive from a
  belief in evolution. He explicitly considers evolution responsible for lawlessness, abortion, crime and homosexuality in
  the United States. (Sociologists may wish to have a look at such an encompassing theory.) Humanists and scientists are
  portrayed as fixed in their beliefs and unwilling to modify their views. Belief in evolution is described as a religion. He
  believes that the Grand Canyon was created during the 40 day Noachian flood and that this flood accounts for the vast
  majority of all fossil and geological formations on the earth. Interestingly, he believes that scientists cannot infer facts
  about the historical condition of the earth because they were not there when that history occurred. He believes that the
  Genesis account is literally true because it is literally the "word of God." (God was there, of course.) Evidently this god
  did not lie in Genesis, but he did make things look as though they were very old to the scientific community. However,
  this misperception is the fault of the scientists and not the god who created the world which they investigate.

  On Sunday, 19 February, 1995, Mr. Ham spoke at Landmark Baptist Church to a group of about 800, including me. The
  church capacity is about 1000, so he is clearly attractive to such groups. There were several spontaneous ejaculations of
  "Amen" throughout the course of the service. These were frequent during stories of the creation of a woman from a
  man's rib, a description of the Grand Canyon as being an indication of the power of god's wrath and other myths which
  he recalled. The Cincinnati Bible College, an educational institution greatly respected among local Protestant ministers,
  is also a strong supporter of Ham's ideas.

  The Landmark church has several television cameras which are used to tape its services. These tapes appear on the cable
  network and thus reach a large audience. The church collects about $40,000 a week in tithes. The Reverend Rawlings
  warmly praised Mr. Ham for his important message and indicated that his church fully supported these ideas. A
  conclave of children sat in rapt attention at the front of the church during the lecture. After the service, the congregation
  supported Mr. Ham by spending about $50.00 a minute for 60 minutes in buying his books. These included collections
  of dinosaur books for children (at $100.00 each) which suggest that dinosaurswere present on Noah's Ark, less than
  10,000 years ago.

  By some measures Cincinnati is a well informed community. Our public library has the largest per capita circulation in
  the country at 13.5 items/borrower annually. We are second in total circulation at 11.7 million items annually and we
  have 4.5 million volumes in the downtown library alone. Yet for all of this reading and the thinking which should go
  along with it, displays such as those surrounding Mr. Ham make me wonder if the attempt to educate the community,
  and especially our children, will ever succeed. A scientific understanding of the world requires more than reactionary
  politics and an uncritical acceptance of books filled with ancient myths and inaccurate science.

  -- Bob Riehemann, A.R.T. Vice-President.

  See also the Answers in Genesis web site.

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_5_No_1_1995.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:34]
  Joe Nickell Joins CSICOP Staff

  The Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP) announced in June that respected
  Kentucky skeptic Joe Nickell had joined their staff in Amherst, New York. When he was recruited by CSICOP, Joe was
  a technical writing instructor at the University of Kentucky at Lexington, and an active member of the Kentucky
  Association of Science Educators and Skeptics (KASES) He is now Senior Research Scholar at CSICOP's new Center
  for Inquiry complex.

  Joe's work on crop circles, spontaneous human combustion, miracles, and the Shroud of Turin has often appeared in
  Skeptical Inquirer. He has also co-authored many books, including Inquest of the Shroud of Turin, Secrets of the
  Supernatural, Camera Clues, Mysterious Realms, Entities, The Magic Detectives, and Missing Pieces.

  According to CSICOP Executive Director Barry Karr, Joe is a CSICOP Fellow, frequently appears on television and
  radio programs, and is often interviewed for magazine and newspaper articles.

  In his new job, he will respond to media inquiries and help develop projects to expand CSICOP's public visibility. He
  will also cooperate with the local and regional skeptical groups and other scientific and educational organizations.

  -- Ed., from CSICOP press release May 12, 1995.
  Letters to the Editor

  Cincinnati Skeptic welcomes letters from readers. Send your letter to Letters to the Editor, Cincinnati Skeptic. Limit
  your letters to 250 words or less and include your name, complete address, and phone number. Typed letters are
  preferred. Those selected for publication may be shortened for space reasons.

     To the Editor:

    Did you read these skeptical blurbs before you printed them? (Cincinnati Skeptic, April, 1995) The one on
  homeopathic medicine is just plain wrong! Mr. Lutes seems to think that one part per million is a very small dose and
  can't possibly do anything. If you believe this, just drink a glass of water with one part per million LSD. That should
  change your mind. In more ways than one.

     The real trouble with homeopathic medicines is that they are diluted to much less than one part per million. Once you
  get past one part in (6x1023) /m, where m is the molecular mass of the stuff (always greater than one), the amount of
  medicine you have left (per gram of solution) is less than one molecule. You can't have less than one molecule of
  something. You're left with a very expensive version of the stuff that comes out of the tap at the kitchen sink. It is true
  that if you believe in homeopathic medicine with all your heart and soul you can get a good placebo effect going, but
  that's all it's good for.

    I also think it's a bit unfortunate that many of the blurbs have three references, all to Skeptical Inquirer. I think we'd
  look more credible if we referred to more than one source. It would be especially nice if we could include a source
  favorable to the fuzzy thinking in question, just to make sure we got the fuzzy thinking right in the first place.

     -- Andrew W. Jergens, Cincinnati, Ohio.

  [an error occurred while processing this directive]


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_5_No_1_1995.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:34]
