{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T14:09:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 35726, "source_ctime_ns": 1788530849164712418, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cincinnati-Skeptic---Vol-03-No-04---1994.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788530849158173463, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cincinnati-Skeptic---Vol-03-No-04---1994.pdf", "source_sha256": "4ba82661fdce30f39ae8878ee10d851d7acf7be5f77a40a003a88bbd5b2bf168"}

The Association for Rational Thought News
  Vol. 3, No. 4.
  The Voice of Cincinnati's Skeptics
  April, 1994

  A.R.T. is an organization committed to encouraging rational, well-informed evaluation of fringe-science,
  pseudoscience, and paranormal claims. A.R.T. encourages the investigation of paranormal and pseudoscientific claims
  from a responsible, scientific viewpoint and the distribution of the results of such investigations to the public. You are
  cordially invited to become a member of A.R.T. Membership information is included in this newsletter.
  Joe Gastright and the History of Nonsense

  A.R.T. will hold its third annual meeting Saturday, April 9, 10:00 A.M., 1994, at the Bethesda Blue Ash Medical
  Building, Cooper Road and Reed Hartman Highway (directions on the back page of this newsletter).

  Investigations Officer Joe Gastright will trace families of well-known and little-known pseudo- sciences from the
  1790’s to the present, documenting not only the descendants of nonsense but also its friends and fellow travelers.
  Annual Election of Officers

  Officers to serve for the coming year will be elected. Plan to join A.R.T. members for lunch after the meeting at the
  James Tavern across the street from the Bethesda Blue Ash Medical Building. Lively conversation guaranteed. The
  public is invited. -Ed.
  Newsletter Staff Expands

  As of this issue, your A.R.T. News is brought to you by a huge volunteer staff of four: Virginia Jergens, Editor, who
  writes, begs or borrows the articles included; Peter Jergens, Layout Editor, who assembles the material into newsletter
  format; Roy Auerbach, who maintains the mailing lists for the newsletter and prints mailing labels for each issue; and
  Brad Bonham, Production Editor, responsible for printing, assembling, and mailing the issue. In addition, Ruthann
  West, Dick Shepherd, and Cathy Russell spend hours folding, sealing, addressing, and sorting the piles of newsletters
  sent out with each issue. -Ed.
  WANTED: Articles for A.R.T. News

  Are you fascinated by crop circles, Bigfoot sightings, near-death experiences or other pseudoscientific or paranormal
  phenomena? Other skeptics would love to know what you know about your favorite pseudo-science or paranormal
  phenomenon. Research it, write it up, and submit it to the newsletter. Here's how:

  Check the Calendar included in each issue of the newsletter for the deadline for upcoming issues. Choose a topic of
  interest to skeptics and write an article about it. Maximum length is 1000 words (4 double-spaced standard type-written
  pages). Avoid opinion and speculation in favor of solid, informative material. Include a list of suggestions for further
  readings.

  If your topic is a controversial one, be sure to include your position on the issue, and evidence supporting your position.
  In addition, state the position of those who disagree with you, and provide evidence indicating why you believe they are
  wrong.

  Further good advice for authors of articles in skeptical newsletters comes from Science & Superstition, v. 1, no. 1, Jan.
  1994, p. 8. The editor suggests that a skeptical newsletter "critically examines claims of paranormal, fringe-science, and
  pseudoscientific phenomena from a responsible, scientific point of view and provides a forum for informed discussion
  of all relevant issues. It encourages science and scientific inquiry, critical thinking, and the use of reason and the
  methods of science in examining important issues...Write clearly, interestingly and simply. Avoid unnecessary technical
  jargon..."

  "Direct critiques toward ideas and issues, not individuals. Authors should be prepared to provide documentation of all
  factual assertions. A useful set of guidelines for those who seek to evaluate paranormal claims [is] 'Proper Criticism,'


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_3_No_4_1994.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:32]
  written by Professor Ray Hyman." -Ed.
  Roy Auerbach Goes International

  In January, Andrew Jergens, son of A.R.T. Newsletter Editor Virginia Jergens, reached into his graduate student mail
  box in the Mathematics Department at Hebrew University in Jerusalem and pulled out the first issue of Science &
  Superstition, "An international information resource on the investigation of paranormal claims."

  On the front page of this new publication he found "The Five Laws of Quack Science," by A.R.T. membership chair
  Roy Auerbach, a summary of the talk Roy gave to the A.R.T. Membership and which had been included in The
  Association for Rational Thought News. The news arrived in Cincinnati via e-mail a few hours later.

  Science & Superstition is the creation of Philip Marmaros, editor, and also founder of the Israel Skeptics Society. Like
  A.R.T., the Israel Skeptics Society works in concert with the aims of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of
  Paranormal Claims. The premier issue is a thoughtful presentation of the skeptic's role in a credulous culture.

  Science & Superstition benefited from the international electronic data highway via skeptics' user groups on Internet,
  where A.R.T. News is now regularly posted by A.R.T. Media Resources Coordinator Lance Moody.—Ed.
  Naturopathy, Briefly

  The basic belief of naturopathy is that all disease is caused by the build up of toxins in the body. Naturopaths use natural
  methods to rid the body of these poisons. You will find little agreement among naturopaths about the nature of the
  toxins and their source. They also disagree on just what kinds of treatment deserve the tag "natural."

  Naturopaths are licensed as primary care physicians in a few states. The movement was founded by a turn of the century
  homeopathic practitioner by the name of John H. Steele. Early on the movement practiced hydrotherapy (bathing in and
  drinking of mineral water), herbal medication, and manipulation. Naturopaths run medical schools in the states of
  Washington and Oregon.

  In practice naturopaths are highly eclectic and tend to practice all of the popular quack methods of diagnosis and
  treatment. Naturally methods which "clean out the system" such as fasting, enemas, and even laxatives have been staple
  treatments. In some western states and Hawaii naturopaths fill the same niche filled by chiropractors in the rest of the
  country. To date there has been no research supporting the theory on which naturopathy is based.— Joe Gastright,
  Investigations officer, in a communication to the Skeptics forum on Productivity Online.
  NCAHF Report:
  The Latest in Health Fraud

  The National Council Against Health Fraud, Inc., is an all volunteer, non-profit, tax-exempt organization dedicated to
  providing reliable information about health care.

  A recent issue of the NCAHF newsletter includes articles on political pressures brought to bear on the National
  Institutes of Health to found its new Office of Alternative Medicine, warnings on the dangers of endocarditis resulting
  from acupuncture for those with prosthetic heart valves, a review of a new book on how to avoid quackery in medicine,
  and a discussion of Senator Orrin Hatch's career as hero to the health food, food supplement, and herbal industries.

  The NCAHF publishes the NCAHF Newsletter bimonthly. An individual subscription is $15.00 a year, NCAHF, Box
  1276, Loma Linda CA 92354.— Ed., with help from Joe Gastright, Investigations officer.
  Knell Brings UFO Show to Tri-State

  Mary Pacinda, A.R.T. Secretary, recently attended a presentation by Bill Knell on Unidentified Flying Objects. Here is
  her report:

  Recently Bill Knell, a flying saucer investigator from New York, toured our area giving presentations on his proof of the
  existence of extraterrestrial flying saucers and government cover-up of evidence of alien activity. I took advantage of
  the opportunity and went to hear him speak. While he put on an entertaining show, I found myself wondering how much

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_3_No_4_1994.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:32]
  of his story Bill himself really believed.

  When we first went into the presentation room, a video was being shown featuring Bob Lazar, a man who claims to
  have seen a flying saucer that has been kept in a secret Nevada location and is being studied by the U.S. Government.
  Lazar was referred to this secret base, known as S-4, by none other than Edward Teller, father of the A-bomb, in order
  to work on a "new propulsion system," i.e., a flying saucer. Lazar claims to have had secret clearance that was "38
  levels above a Q-clearance."

  Wait a minute. Thirty-eight levels?

  A "Q-clearance" is a standard clearance issued by the Department of Energy (DOE) for those who will be working with
  nuclear bomb secrets. While there are a handful of Q-clearance types, there is no such thing as a clearance 38 levels
  above a Q-Clearance. I suspected as much, but now I know, because I checked it out by asking two classification
  officers who work for a DOE contractor. But why pick over such petty mistakes?

  Another interesting tidbit was Knell's claim that human body parts have been found on flying saucers. (I had no idea we
  had so much access to these craft that we could make such a claim.) But don't be alarmed. These body parts are from
  cadavers, not living humans. That's a relief, I thought to myself. But then I wondered, how do they really know? After
  all, once severed from its arm, a hand from a cadaver looks pretty much the same as one from a living person. Knell also
  told us that cadavers are routinely found missing from upstate New York mortuaries and uses this as further proof that
  aliens aboard flying saucers are stealing them. For what purpose? He didn't say.

  In another anecdote, Knell tells about a missionary doctor who traveled to South Africa to help stem a smallpox
  epidemic in 1989. As a token of appreciation the natives gave him a trinket made from metal they took from a craft that
  had fallen from the sky. This metal matched exactly a sample that had been taken from a crashed saucer found in South
  Africa earlier that year. (Wow, I had no idea these things fell from the sky with such frequency.) But wait a minute. A
  smallpox epidemic in 1989? According to my dictionary smallpox has been eradicated the world over. And my
  dictionary was printed in 1987. Hmmm. You don't suppose he might be wrong about the metal, too?

  Then Knell spoke about "secrets" at Wright Patterson Air Force Base where saucer parts are allegedly stored. As part of
  the story he told about the "underground tunnels" at Wright-Patterson. Whoa—hold on there. I invite anyone to take a
  drive up Route 4 north of Dayton. This road runs parallel with the Mad River, which runs parallel with the Air Force
  Base. You will see large lakes, the result of many years of gravel quarrying, next to the road. In this area, when you
  poke a hole in the ground, it fills with water. The water table is so high, in fact, that when Charles Huber built Huber
  Heights, a nearby suburb of Dayton, he opted not to put in basements—they would flood. I would assume that tunnels
  would do the same. Maybe Knell is talking about another Air Force Base?

  Maybe he's talking about the other Wright Patterson. The one that Knell claims sent up the F-14's (he showed us the
  photographs) to chase the flying saucers that were spotted over Cincinnati two years ago. Had to be, because the Wright
  Patterson that I know about has F-16's, not F-14's.

  There were other outlandish claims, as well. For example, Knell claimed that President Bush sealed Bill Clinton's file
  containing his application for a visa to the USSR back in the 60's. Why? Because Clinton answered yes to Question 8.
  What is Question 8, did you say? Question 8 asks you if you have ever seen a flying saucer. If that alone is not too hard
  to believe, try this: Bush would certainly go to any lengths to maintain his Democratic opponent's credibility, wouldn't
  he? Certainly he wouldn't have wanted Bill be embarrassed by the release of such information, would he?

  And why, asks Bill Knell, when Neil Armstrong landed on the moon, was the camera focused on the lander's ladder for
  five hours before Neil stepped off the lander? Because if it had panned around, it would have seen all those flying
  saucers that were parked out there on the lunar horizon. That's why.

  And how about that recent failed mission to Mars where the craft's radio suddenly went dead? Aliens? Nope. Not that
  easy. That was a ruse perpetrated by our government to make us believe that the mission failed. At this very moment,
  even as you are reading this, our government is studying the pictures being sent back by the quite functional Mars

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_3_No_4_1994.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:32]
  orbiter. And what are these pictures of? Why, they are close-ups of the face on Mars and the pyramids there, as well as
  other man-made (or Martian-made) landmarks. We common citizens would not be able to handle seeing such things, of
  course, lest we go mad or begin to riot in the streets.

  Then Knell turned to his real story, spending the bulk of his time on the Philadelphia Experiment. This is a standard
  flying saucer story claiming that the Navy did an experiment in 1942 that made a ship disappear. Supposedly they were
  successful, enabling a ship to vanish for three hours. When it reappeared, they found men embedded in the decks and
  "walls" (real Navy men would have said "bulkheads," but that's being picky) and wandering about insane.

  Knell showed us many photographs that were supposed to convince us that this technology is being used by the military
  today. Perhaps the most convincing evidence was his report on the secret military base he found at Montauk Point, Long
  Island. Montauk is all the way out on the eastern-most tip of Long Island. It is a state park with many signs, as Knell
  showed us, indicating areas where you are not supposed to walk for fear of damaging the fragile ecosystem. So Knell
  decided the military was covering something up. And sure enough, after walking ten miles into the park he came to a
  secret installation whose guards happened to be missing that day because it was St. Patrick's Day, and everyone in New
  York goes to the parade on Saint Patrick's Day. (I have to wonder if he tells this same story everywhere, or does he only
  tell it in Ohio?) If that isn't too hard to believe, look at Bill Knell and tell me that this man could walk ten miles of paved
  trail, much less through ten miles of wilderness. The man is obese. But, how silly of me. He probably used the
  antigrativational properties of the area to assist him in his trek.

  Well, perhaps I've been too hard on Bill Knell. I still think he put on an entertaining show. And from the occasional
  tittering sound that came from the audience, I can only believe that he wasn't taken altogether too seriously.— Mary
  Pacinda, Secretary.
  Tunguska Meteorite Produced An Explosion of Hypotheses

  The December 1993 issue of Astronomy included an article about the Tunguska meteorite, interesting because the lack
  of a crater at the site provoked a wide variety of unscientific explanations of this event. The article,which provides a
  scientific explanation of what happened, is summarized here.

  In 1908 a massive explosion caused by extraterrestrial means occurred in Siberia. The explosion caused trees to be
  knocked down over an irregular area with a diameter of over 25 miles. The blast shock wave was recorded traveling
  around the earth twice. The curious aspect of this explosion is that there is no evidence of impact or of any large
  meteoric body at the site. This has led to some fanciful speculation about the cause of the explosion, with explanations
  ranging from comets through micro black holes and anti-matter to alien UFO's.

  The scientific explanation is much less fanciful. The explosion was probably caused by a stony meteorite. The size and
  the height of the explosion can be estimated from the level of devastation and from the seismic evidence. The
  calculations are akin to those worked out for atomic bomb explosions. Based on the pattern of downed trees at the site
  and the seismic data recorded at the time of the explosion, the Tunguska meteorite's explosion is estimated to have been
  about 20 megatons in size, and to have occurred about five miles above ground level. The mass and hence size of the
  object can be estimated from the energy released in the explosion, as recorded in downed trees at the site and in seismic
  data.

  The object that most closely fits the object predicted from the seismic data and from observations made at the site is a
  stony meteorite. Calculations show that a stony meteorite has the kind of composition that could smash into the
  atmosphere before explosively disintegrating at the height suggested by the data. A carbonaceous meteorite or comet
  would have exploded at a greater height and would not have leveled trees the way the Tunguska meteorite did. An iron
  meteorite would have hit the ground and left a crater, which is not present at the Tunguska site. A stony meteorite can
  be predicted, according to calculations described in the article, to produce an explosion of the size and height suggested
  by the observed data.

  The point of this is that no exotic explanation is needed for this event. The remains of the meteorite in the case of an
  above-ground explosion like the Tunguska event are spread quite far and the pieces are mostly fine granules or dust.
  There is no crater because the meteor exploded into dustlike fragments well above the ground. The lack of a crater at the

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_3_No_4_1994.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:32]
  site does not need to be explained away through reference to theories based on comets, anti-matter, black holes, or
  UFO's.— Roy Auerbach, Membership Chair.
  Letters to the Editor
  Global Warming: Fact or Myth?
  To the Editor:

  In keeping with A.R.T.'s mission of investigating paranormal and pseudoscientific claims, it might be in order to find
  important news items that don't make the newspapers, and ask why.

  Sound and Fury, the Science and Politics of Global Warming, by Professor Patrick J. Michaels, investigates many
  weather records to attempt to find out what is happening, if anything.

  Lots of measurements are questionable due to "urbanizing." Concrete and asphalt create warm spots. Can we find a
  place that has a 100-year record that has not been urbanized?

  One of the best maintained weather stations over the past 100 years is the Pic du Midi observatory in the Pyrenees
  Mountains of southern Europe. At elevation 9400 feet, it cannot be affected by urbanization because the mountain is so
  steep. It is above the tree line, so vegetation is not likely to affect its thermometer.

  The result? Temperatures have changed. Winter days have grown slightly cooler, about 1.5 degrees F. Winter nights
  have grown slightly warmer, about 2 degrees. Summer days are cooler by about 3.5 degrees, and summer night are
  warmer by about 2.5 degrees.

  Lots of other records are described. Many of them indicate similar results. An interesting fact is that computer models
  do not come up with answers that agree with what the real world is doing, yet these computer models are accepted as
  valid.

  The popular way to handle this problem is to ignore it. Global warming is "policy," meaning "don't bother me with facts,
  my mind is made up."

  When science accepts computer models that do not agree with reality, it must be called quack science. When scientists
  who disagree with "policy" cannot get published, lose their funding, and are fired from their jobs, it must be called a
  conspiracy.

  It's happening. The only literature I can find that disagrees with "policy" is by libertarian types. Call them heretics if you
  will.

  I have other books that deal with ozone, asbestos, acid rain, and other "disasters." The sad fact is that none of the
  information in them ever hits the newspapers or the TV news.— Everett DeJager, Cincinnati, Ohio.

  [Do you agree with Everett DeJager that there is no scientific evidence for global warming, that belief in global
  warming as a verified fact is foisted on the public by government conspiracy, and that contrary evidence is suppressed
  by this conspiracy? Write a letter to the editor to air your views. — Ed.]
  To the Editor:

  Is the world a hotter place now than it was a hundred years ago? Possibly. Is it cooler? Also possible, depending on
  where the measurements are made. One theory states that the first evidence of a shift in global temperatures is an
  increase in violent weather. Casual observation of the winter of 1993-1994 could easily lead to the conclusion that
  global warming or cooling is indeed taking place. It could also be a result of El Nino and have absolutely no relation to
  global warming or cooling.

  The simplest refutation of government conspiracy is that the government collects data, studies it, and distributes it.
  Whether that data is accurate or not is irrelevant. Research is a cycle of observations of the real world and refining of
  models to describe the observations. The name "Global Warming" is just that: a name applied to a model that

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_3_No_4_1994.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:32]
  conveniently happens to fit the observed facts.—Peter H. Jergens, Cincinnati, Ohio.
  Historical "Evidence"
  To the Editor:

  One of the benefits of reading skeptical literature and practicing rational thinking may be the ability to respond
  reasonably to news about fields one is not expert in. From time to time we hear about things that are not our specialty,
  but which we make judgments about. Developing good judgmental skills to be able to react intelligently to unfamiliar
  things may be one of the aims of A.R.T., which says on its masthead "practicing the art of rational thinking in everyday
  life."

  I had an exercise in this recently. A friend of mine, Richard, is a physicist, who recently shared with me information
  about work he is doing tracking the amount of volcanic dust in the air. He included an article from the Boston Globe
  about a Chinese scientist correlating past records of bad harvests and other phenomena with volcanic eruptions. I wrote
  back, expressing interest in the work but also warning of errors in that sort of correlating that have happened before,
  particularly in the case of Immanual Velikovsky.— Andrew O. Lutes, Mansfield, Ohio.

  Andrew Lutes' letter to his physicist friend:

  Dear Richard:
  Thank you for your recent letter, and your willingness to share information with an interested layperson.

  Being a librarian at heart, I am interested in all things, yet the article you sent relates to a particular interest of mine:
  epistemology, the study of how we know what we think we know and why do we think we know it. To develop my
  skills in using epistemological principles to evaluate claims, I've been reading the Skeptical Inquirer for some 14 years.
  There may be general principles of knowledge and investigation applicable to all things, so that one can make at least a
  preliminary judgment about something that one hears, even if it is about a subject in which one is not expert.

  As soon as I read about Pang and his work, bells began to go off inside my head— where had I read about the relating
  of the occurrence of natural disasters to cultural records? Why of course, Immanual Velicovsky, the Jewish psychiatrist
  who related the supposed passage of a planetary comet past the earth with records of natural disasters in ancient times,
  to give a natural science confirmation to the Bible legends of his Hebrew background. Is Pang trying to validate his
  Chinese heritage?

  Now Pang is not acting as the rabid Velikovsky did, and mainstream scientists are not asking publishers to drop Pang's
  work. Certainly, Pang's contentions deserve due consideration and further investigation. But I wonder? Did Pang make a
  spurious correlation? Were there also Chinese accounts like this in years when there were no major volcanic eruptions?
  And could the bad crops in years with major volcanic eruptions have been due to other causes? Or could there have been
  years with major volcanic eruptions with no bad crops? Haraldur Sigurdsson is right in being skeptical and reserving
  judgment, and I don't mean as being a dogmatic naysayer, but waiting to see if further research confirms or denies it. I'll
  be waiting. Every month or so Science News or the Wall Street Journal has an article mentioning Mt. Penatubo and
  global weather. -- Andrew O. Lutes, Mansfield, Ohio.

  Included with the letters was a clipping recounting Pang's work. According to the Boston Globe (David L. Chandler,
  "After 541 Years, the Story of a Colossal Eruption Unfolds," Jan. 10, 1994, p. 39), Kevin Pang calculates orbits for the
  Jet Propulsion Laboratory of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Pang is also interested in relating new
  information about historical astronomical events to contemporary records. He heard about a devastating volcanic
  eruption which split an island in the Pacific into two present day islands, Tongoa and Epi, from geologists working on
  the islands. The geologists found the islands to be volcanic in nature and separated by a submerged, eight-mile wide
  crater.

  Geologists had earlier dated the eruption of this crater, Kuwae, using the oral traditions of the island inhabitants and
  radio carbon dating of trees believed to have been charred on the island at the time of the eruption. They believed
  Kuwae erupted sometime between 1420 and 1475.


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_3_No_4_1994.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:32]
  Pang has found historical evidence which he believes shows the eruption occurred in 1453 and affected weather around
  the world.

  It is this evidence that Andrew Lutes views skeptically. To encourage you to judge for yourself whether Andrew Lutes'
  analysis is correct, here are examples of the kinds of evidence Pang used to support his claim. Read on, exercise your
  skeptical wits, and see what conclusions you come to:

     Tree ring data, China, show very narrow growth rings indicative of cold weather for 1453.
     Provincial weather records, China, record extremely cold weather in 1453, including cold-devastated wheat crops and
  reports that the Yellow Sea froze 12 miles out from shore, an extremely unusual event. Snow fell for 40 days in 1454
  south of the Yangtze River, where it is so warm that the buildings are not heated.
     Records of Swedish corn tithes, a measure of the size of the harvest, show that tithes decreased sharply, almost to
  zero, in 1454.
     Tree ring data for California, Scandinavia, France and Britain also show extremely cold weather for 1454.<
     Ice core data, Antarctica and Greenland, show unusual amounts of sulfuric acid for 1454. The sulfuric acid, Pang
  claims, was formed when sulfur dioxide from Kuwae combined with water vapor.
     Descriptions of the "burning" of the Hagia Sophia, a large church in Constantinople. Constantinople was under siege
  at the time of the alleged eruption. On May 22, 1453, according to contemporaryrecords, citizens saw the full moon rise
  completely dark (according to Pang because of dust in the air caused by the eruption of Kuwae). On May 26, the records
  report that Constantinople was surrounded by an extremely dense, unusual fog. As the fog lifted citizens saw what they
  believed to be flames surrounding the polished copper dome of the great church. The phenomenon occurred for several
  nights, but the church never burned. Pang claims that the effect was caused by unusually red sunsets caused by Kuwae,
  supporting his argument by recalling that after the eruption of Krakatoa in 1883, many false fire alarms were turned in
  by New Yorkers who were misled by fiery red sunsets into believing that Staten Island was on fire. Fire companies were
  sent to the island, but no fires were found.—Ed.

  Executive Council Meeting, Jan. 22, 1994

  The Executive Council met at 10:00 A.M., at the Bethesda Blue Ash Medical Building. President Keith Brabender,
  Vice-President Dick McGrath, Treasurer Peggy Borger, Investigations Officer Joe Gastright, Secretary Mary Pacinda,
  Media Resources Chair Lance Moody, and Newsletter Editor Virginia Jergens were present. President Keith Brabender
  opened the meeting by listing the problems to be dealt with: topics for the April, May, and June membership meetings,
  finding a new meeting place, and setting standards for including articles in the newsletter.

  The Executive Council agreed that the ideal way to handle the selection of articles for the newsletter would be to have
  an editorial committee review and select articles. For the time being, however, the Executive Council directed the editor
  to review articles, and if she feels an alternative point of view would be desirable, to find someone to write such an
  article. Articles dealing with controversial subjects, that is, subjects on which the membership of A.R.T. has not found
  consensus, must meet a set of criteria, and these criteria shall be published in the newsletter. [See "Editorial Policy"
  elsewhere in this issue.]

  The Executive Council also discussed the likelihood that we will need a new meeting place after the February meeting.
  The room in which we meet now, generously given to us at no cost by the Crescent Women's Medical Group, may be
  removed from the practice's area in a rearrangement of their lease. The lease may be changed as soon as February. The
  Executive Council decided to continue to meet at the Blue Ash site until it becomes unavailable.

  The Council also worked on meeting topics for the rest of the year. In February, members will view the second half of
  the Skeptics Society tape of a lecture by Michael Schermer on altered states of consciousness. Nominations for officers
  will be made at the March meeting. The annual election of officers will be held at the April meeting. Joe Gastright will
  make a presentation at the April meeting. No topic has been selected for the May meeting.
  March Membership Meeting:
  Hallucinations Caused by Sleep Deprivation

  A.R.T. members met at the Bethesda Blue Ash Medical Building Saturday, March 2. Virginia Jergens, newsletter editor,

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_3_No_4_1994.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:32]
  announced that she would officiate in the absence of Acting President Dick McGrath, who was unable to attend. She
  also announced that Dick McGrath, formerly Vice President, had generously taken over as Acting President and Acting
  Treasurer due to the resignations of Keith Brabender, formerly President, and Peggy Borger, formerly Treasurer. Dick
  will fill both roles until elections are held in April.

  Members heard reports from members of the Executive Council, shared news items of interest to skeptics, discussed
  what jobs need to be done to keep A.R.T. in business, and made recommendations to the Executive Council. Members
  also discussed ways to encourage members to volunteer to work for A.R.T.

  Then members watched the second half of the videotape of the Michael Shermer lecture begun at the January meeting.
  In the segment viewed at this meeting, Shermer showed clips of TV coverage of a cross-country bike race from
  California to New York to show how stress and fatigue cause the physical and thus the mental systems of the body to
  deteriorate. He included stunning interviews with sleep-deprived cyclists peddling along in the middle of the night
  reporting their hallucinations and vivid, although illusory, ideas about what they thought was going on.

  Shermer also reported an incident in which a false memory was experimentally induced. A hypnotist suggested to a
  subject that the subject had seen a fictitious bank robbery. The hypnotist also described the alleged burglar. Later the
  subject "remembered" the robbery, described it in detail, and picked the alleged burglar out of a police lineup
  photograph.

  Shermer also described "confabulation," a process in which a person combines real and imagined ideas and then
  remembers the combination as "real." His example was an experiment he often does with undergraduate students. He
  shows a group of students a picture, hides it, and asks them to describe it. Then he asks the students where the cat was in
  the picture. More than half of the students "remember" seeing the cat by the hearth or in the window or whatever and
  also "remember" what color it was. Then he reveals the picture, in which there is no cat. His conclusion: memory is a
  great deal more fluid and changeable than we imagine.

  After the videotape, the membership adjourned to James Tavern for lunch.—Ed.
  Editorial Policy

  The Association for Rational Thought News welcomes letters and articles from readers. Please limit your letters to 250
  words or less. Please include your name, complete address and phone number with all submissions. Those selected for
  publication may be shortened for space reasons.

  At its January 22 meeting, the Executive Council adopted a set of standards for articles submitted to The Association for
  Rational Thought News. Articles accepted for publication shall meet the following standards:

     The article shall be of interest to skeptics.
     The article shall be signed.
     A reading list shall be submitted with the article.
     Each article shall include (not necessarily in this order): an introduction, a presentation of the author's own view of
  the topic and evidence supporting the author's position, a presentation of other points of view and evidence supporting
  the author's contention that these views are in error, a summary.
     All articles shall be subject to comment by other writers.
     No article shall be assumed to represent an official position of A.R.T.

  If the article is submitted by mail, then double-spaced, typed articles are preferred but not necessary. 3 1/2" floppy disks
  are also acceptable in either Macintosh or DOS formats. Articles on Macintosh disks may be in any reasonably common
  format; articles on Windows or DOS disks should be saved as ASCII (text) or RTF.

  The Association for Rational Thought is an independent, nonprofit, scientific and educational organization. We share
  the philosophy of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal, an international
  organization which investigates allegedly paranormal events, sponsors workshops, and publishes Skeptical Inquirer, a
  journal of investigations of paranormal claims. A.R.T. meets regularly on the second Saturday of each month October

Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_3_No_4_1994.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:32]
  through May and publishes The Association for Rational Thought News quarterly. A.R.T. sponsors public lectures, and
  maintains a panel of experts for news media to consult and to investigate local paranormal claims. Annual dues are
  $15.00 (Full-time students $10.00) and include a subscription to The Association for Rational Thought News.

  Executive Committee, 1993-94: Richard McGrath, Acting President and Acting Treasurer. Joe Gastright, Investigations
  Officer. Mary Pacinda, Corresponding Secretary and Publicity Coordinator. Roy Auerbach, Membership Secretary.
  Virginia Jergens, Newsletter Editor. Lance Moody, Media Resources Coordinator.
  [an error occurred while processing this directive]


Cincinnati_Skeptic_Vol_3_No_4_1994.txt[01/03/2023 12:08:32]
