{"created_utc": "2026-09-11T12:00:43Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 232037, "source_ctime_ns": 1788547172683505064, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Civlilian-Saucer-Intellligence-of-New-York---No-01.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788547172675853966, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Civlilian-Saucer-Intellligence-of-New-York---No-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "3b68f649c7b4a660b1602b5094e1ebcac9ae0380cc84488b3f4d0ef341a89fad"}

wx-~~
   ~:
                       :-  ~ ~~. S)·,,-
                        .J?. A~ement •of Neict Meeting
  ~ ~'t"vt11~ 'b.'lfelligence is pleased to present a speaker of unusual
    qu~tions for the February meeting. RICHARD VICTOR is Field Service Rep-
    resentative in the Electronics Division of Curtiss-Wright ~Aviation.     He has an

    extensive background 1n eiectronics and aviation,    an~ has been   interested in

    UFO' s for more than 16 years.    He will discuss the saucers from the viewpoint

    or aviation and radar, describe personal sightings and others that have been
    reported to him, and suggest a theory to account for their origin and purpose.
                   ,
        Friday, February 25, 1955 - 8~30 p.m. - PLBASE BE PROMPT
        Steinway Hall, 113 West 57th' Street, New-York City - 6th floor


                           :SwnmarY of January 28 Meeting
    Dr. Ivan Sanderson gave an extremely interesting lecture on saucers and other Fort-
ean phenomena, and Mr. Tex Ziegler showed a moving picture or a saucer which he took
in December 1952 in Minnesota. A two-page summary of these talks is attached tor mem-
bers. Non-members may obtain a copy of this report by sending 10 cents in coin and a
stamped self-addressed envelope to: Marty Meyerson, Secretary-Treasurer, CiVJ.lian Saucer
Intelligence, 67-90 Groton Street, Forest Hills, New York.


                                Corrections, Please
        In Meyer Berger's column in the New York Times of February 11 1955, appeared
  an item about flying saucer _fans. Several statements in this story were inaccurate
  and misleading. First, Civilian Saucer Intelligence does NOT hold its meetings at
  the Rigberg bookshop on Third Avenqe (nor in the Philosophical Research Building).
  ~econd, references are made to "the society• i;i New York journal." Civilian Saucer
  Intelligence of New York does NOT publish a magazine of any kind. Mr. and Mrs. Rig-
  berg are not members of the group and the organization has no connection with their
  "Flying Sacuer News"; the magazine is NOT the official publicaion of CSI. Third,
  the statement that the group "has a rather strong strain of occultists in it and
  some wide-eyed teen-agers gripped by space virus" gives a false picture of the pre-
  sent organization and purpose of-CSI, which is trying to concentrate in a serious
  and responsible way on the factual_ material involving \lllidentified flying objects.

                                     Frank Edilards
       As announced by CRIFO, Frank Edwards is rnaking recorded commentaries tor Sun-
  day broadcast. He is spon~ored by locals ot the Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen.
  rr you want to hear Frank F.dwards again in the New York area, write or phone the
  following locals:
               Manhattans Local 946, 2$1' West Jl Street, U> 4-4760
               Queens: Local 517, 91-16 143 Street, JAmaica 6-0510
               (The union has no local~ in the Bronx, Brooklyn or Richmond)
                                                       February 14, 19SS

       CIVILIAN SAUCER INTli'LLIGENCE -- Summary of Meeting January 28, 195S

       The Secretary, Mr. Meyerson, outlined briefly the plans for meetings and speak-
 ers in the Spring program. '!be Vice-President, Mr. Oksenkrug, then introduced Dr.
 Ivan Sanderson, the well-kr.Jwn naturalist, author, and long-time student of Fortean
 phenomena.                                                                     '

      Dr. Sanderson pointed out that the generally negative attitude toward "saucers"
has one advantage: it forces us to realize that we have actually got very little in
the way of tangible evidence on the subject. He recalled that when his grandmother
saw an early experimental TV show, in 1917, she found herself unable to comment on it
because it was completely outside anything sh.e had ever experienced before.

       He said that he too believes the saucers themselves - that is, the disk-shaped
UFO' s - may be devices of our own government or some other nation. A popular opinion
at present is that_ they come from outer space. But these saucer-shaped devices do not
complete the list of unexplainable phenomena. Many other unauthorized objects are
flitting about the skies - cigar shapes, torpedo shapes, spheres, cylinders, and
things seen only as lights of _various colors and kinds. Charles Fort did a magnifi-
cant job of collecting reports of such "inexplicable" sights. He has few references
to saucers specifically, but many references to other floating objects. Dr. Sanderson
mentioned that one of the earliest stories of a cigar-shaped UFO seems to be in the
Old Testament, where Elijah is described as "taken up to Heaven in a fiery chariot."
The original text says, however, that the prophet was swallowed by "a great fish
belching flame from its fundament.n

      Thus we have a vast collection from the past," constantly supplemented by cur-
rent reports, of things that seem to have no place in the orthodox world of events.
Therefore if we find ourselves stumped, in studying the saucers, by having little or
nothing concrete to work on, we can turn to related areas.

       Dr. Sanderson stated his belief that there does exist in nature some means ot
 transporting objects from one place to another without the use of aey known force
 and described two cases of such teleportation·that he had observed· personally, both
on the island of Sumatra. Visiting a wealthy resident who lived at one end of the
island, he found himself one of a n~ber of guests for dinner on the first evening
of his visit. During dinner he and others began to notice that tiny stones, about
the size of BB shot, were appearing on the white tablecloth, rolling across it, and
dropping to the floor. llhen curiosity finally overcame conventional politeness, and
 the guests asked what was happening, their host gave them the following facts. The
 stones fell every- night after sunset, and in greater number when guests were present.
They never struck a person, a dish or glass, or anything else but the tablecloth. The
guests had to be careful when leaving the dining-room, however, not to step on any of
the stones - several people had slipped and fallen that way. The stones could be seen
falling for.a_sho~~.Qis_~ce above the table (about two or three feet), but could
never be observed above that point.
       After dinner the host took them outdoors and showed them the accumulated pile
of stones, swept up every day by the servants during the years since the phenomenon
began and deposited on a heap that was now about three feet high and twenty-five feet
long. The geologists had found only one place in Sumatra where stones like these
could be found - near a volcano in the center of the island, where similar t11aterial
was found in sizes from sand to huge boulders; this was about 400 miles away.
      The other example, which we have not space to report in full, occurred on a
rubber plantation at the other end of Sumatra, at an earlier date. This also in-
volved the Jl\YSterious appearance of stones.
                                                                                           2.

       Scientists are now discussing the theoretical results ot exceeding the speed
 ot light - ·1-1hich may prove after all to be possible (scientists by the dozen used
to prophesy that no plane Vt1.lc! e,...9L' go f aste::- than sound). One theory involves
"time dilation" - a auretclung or shnn.l(ir.g ct time on one side ot the "light bar-
rier" relative to the flotf c-£ MI'le C•&l t.'ie other side. Some veey curious effects
might be e.'ltpected if ·tte could travel. raster than light - among them, "appearances"
and "disappearances" like tho3A reported iri many ·UFO sightings. There are natural
laws on earth ~hat ~e know ve1·; J_; tt.1 e about, and it is qm te possible that these
phenomena Tfl..87 evtWtuall.r be e:;=E'.'lc:.:ined in terms of the effects of faster-than-light
travel ...... To sw11 up: Dr$ S&&&':lel'son feels that the eypotaesis that UFO's come from
outer space is by no means the be3t one; they may come :mstead from "c;>uter time."


     Dr. Sanderson then introduced Mr. Tex Zeigler, who showed an intensely intef'~st­
ing short movie ot a UFO. Mr. Zeigler has been a lecturer, conunercial airlines pi-
lot, hunting guida (in Alaska), and newsreel cameraman; he took the movie in Decem-
ber 1952, whil~ driving at n.ght, on a lecture tour, between Duluth and Minneapolis.
He and his driving conpanior., not,; cing a brilliant red light in the sky1 got out ot
the car. The light cou.1.d NOT have been a star or planet; it was in the wrong place
and was too large (late:- stu<tr of the fil.-u indicated the diameter as about 40 times
that or Mai-s). Mr. z. set t1p his camera on a tripod, fl.l'mly on the cement road, and
took 35 ft .. of film at 8 frames per sec. (run at OSI at 16 frames).He used a 3" lens.

     The film showed a glowing light, of the apparent size of a half' dollar, changing
from red to white and pink, sometimes elliptical and sometimes round. When round,
a blue central spot could be discerned; this seemed to remain almost constant, the
surrounchng lighter area pw sating. (Size, shapes and the central darker spot are
confirmed under a ir.agmiying glass, Mr. z. stated.) The object had seemed quite
high, but he had no way ot es tima tang its altitude with aey exactness.
     Most remarkable, the light several times vanished from one part ot the slq' t.o
appear in an instant somewhere else. Mr. z. said the distance covered in 8fJ7 one
or these "jumps" had not seemed more than 6-8 degrees of arc, and the total area
within which the object moved no larger than a.,10 sqnare degrees. No motion was
visible between jmaps; but Mr. z. thought that i f the film had been taken at 64
frames 1>.s. and run off at 16, ~some_ ~tion.Jnight be detected.
     Re and his friend watched the light for about halt an hour, then left because
ot the cold (JO below). It waE still there whet they drove awq, and other cars had
stopped to look at it. He saw no r~ports in local papers about the object. No blow-
ups have been made from the film. The film has not been shown to the Air Force.

     Mr. Zeigler said further that in June 195'1 he had watched a similar performance
on a radar screen, on the Coast Guard icebreaker Icewind, in the Bering Sea. For an
hour the UFO radar pip made Jumps between East Cape, Si'6eria, and Alaska. At times
the object could be tracked "slowly" .. that is, it would leave several separate pips
in a straight line, covering a large part of the 800-mile screen, in 2 seconds. Then
it would vanish and reappear at another~ place on the screen.~ Forr.-techni~al-t.e.asop~
the distance could not be determined. Visual confirmation could not be attempted
because a heav.r fog was over the Bering Sea. The Air Force at Nome said "no aircraft
in the vicinity. n A report was sent in b7 the Icewind, but no one ever learned
what became of it. In response to a question from the audience, Mr. Zeigler agreed
that the object might have moved between radar pulses; this would have had to be at
a very high speed, though nowhere near the speed ot light.

     After thanking Dr. Sanderson and Mr. Zeiglel" tor their ext.Temeq interesting
talks, the Vice-President adjourned the meeting.
