{"created_utc": "2026-09-07T20:30:01Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 165354, "source_ctime_ns": 1788573883747800903, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Civlilian-Saucer-Intellligence-of-New-York---No-06.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788573883741717391, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Civlilian-Saucer-Intellligence-of-New-York---No-06.pdf", "source_sha256": "37bcf6e396876f51e104758ce4824938fcbd56ebb50d1a43db766c06c5df4b34"}

CSI Publication # 6                                                     10 cents
 News Letter No. 0
                    CIVILIAN SAUCER INTELLIGENCE OF NEM YORK
                    Report to Members - Summer and Fall 1955

Enclosed for Your Information:
     Announcement of the First Fall Meeting, October 28, 1955.
     Report on Meeting of June 3, 1955.
     Statement of Purposes, Activities, and Policy of CS!, recently prepared
        for use in answering the increasing nwnber of inquiries about our
        organization.


     On July JO, Marilyn Feifer, now Mrs. Louis Shaw, invited a few friends to
her new home at Port Washington, Long Island. You will remember her as the
prime motivator in organizing CSI in February 1954. Among her guests was the
speaker at our June 3 meeting, J. Gordon Vaeth, and there was a welcome oppor-
tunity to discuss UFO's at length with him.
     Since the national press seldom covers UFO accounts nowadays, CSI members
may well have taken this as indicating a general lull in UFO activity. This is
not the case. While sightings are not reaching the proportions attained in the
peak years 1952 and 1954, we have it on good account from irrefutable sources
that the reports are !lowing into Wright-Patterson Air Intelligence Center at
Dayton at a rate of never less than one or two per day from all sections of the
country. This minimum of sightings has been maintained for at least the last
eight to ten months. Unfortunately, CSI does not possess adequate funds for a
subscription to a news clipping service, whereby we might have a better idea of
what kind of total national press coverage is being given the subject at the
moment. There is a definite indication, however, that activity has picked up
recently.
     In spite of the apparent lull in UFO activity, the Research Section has
not been at a loss for work. Isabel Davis has continued the card cataloguing,
while Ted Bloecher has arranged all the CSI clippings and personal sightings
in orderly shape for easy reference. Almost 1400 cases, including a number of
personal accounts, have been indexed, and when all the material now on hand has
been indexed, the reports will probably total well over 2000.
     We were fortunate in obtaining from a friend of CSI, Artur Isenberg, a con-
siderable number of foreign accounts that give some idea of the extraordinary
saucer activity throughout Europe in the fall of 1954. This original material,
translated by Victoria de Cervantes and Lex Mebane, presents quite a different
picture from the one offered in the U.S. newspapers, which covered in a joking
vein only a few of the stories. Nost significant were the accounts of dozens of
alleged landings, where numerous witnesses testified under oath to observations
of strange and alien creatures, generally described as small and humanoid in
shape. The mysterious and seemingly idiotic behavior of these creatures gives
these reports a unique quality of credibility.
                                                                                  2.

     Close on the heels of the European accounts came the similar but more alarm-
ing South American incidents, where - in at least four apparently well-documented
cases - innocent victims were set unon by hairy midgets ~dth superhuman strength,
Full details are given in the APRO Bulletin for November 1954, January 1955, and
April 1955. The Bulletin is published by Mrs. Coral Lorenzen, Director of the
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, 519 New York Avenue, Alamagordo, N. M.
     As a result of these amazing but convincing reports, the members of the
Research Section have been forced to the conclusion that it is not possible to
remain completely incredulous about all alleged saucer landings. The story of
"luminous little green men" seen in Hopkinsville, Kentucky, on August 21st, is
similar to the European and South American cases, and is believed to be probably
true; also the sighting of little men in Georgia on July 2, by Mrs. Symmonds of
Cincinnati (this case was reported in the New York World-·relegram and Sun for
August 25).
     Earlier in the summer the researchers were in touch with Major Donald E.
Keyhoe, whose third saucer book, The Fivin~ Saucer Conspiracy, will be published
this Fall by Holt. Major Keyhoe told us at that time that publication of the
book, originally scheduled for Spring 1955, had been delayed because of important
new information that he had      received. On October 1 the publisher stated
over the telephone that publication date is now definite, November 28. We suggest
that you order your copy now, as a new Keyhoe book on saucers is important.
     Jim Moseley, our 1954-55 president, has been twice to South America (not on
saucer business, however). We hope that when he returns from his current trip
he will give CSI members the opportunity to hear about some of his experiences.
     On August 19 it was the Research Section's honor to be host to a distinguished
astronomer, whose name would be known to most of our members. Because of the
general prejudice against saucers in his field, he asked us to preserve his anon-
ymity. However, it can confidently be stated that few, if any, people in this
country are better informed about saucers than this scientist, and his visit was
a source of enlightenment as well as pleasure. In his expert opinion, no real.zy-
scientific investigation of saucers has yet been made by any agency, governmental
or otherwise. He was favorably impressed by our work.
     Ted Bloecher spent the week-end of August 27- 29 in Cincinnati, as the guest
of Leonard Stringfield, Director of CRIFO. At the time of Ted's visit, Cincinnati
was a hot-bed of UFO activity. Local reports were being made every night, and he
was able to verify at first hand several of the remarkable cases described in the
September issue of Stringfield 1 s publication, Orbit. (Write Leonard Stringfield,
CRIFO, 7017 Britton Avenue, Cincinnati, Ohio.)
     Any night owls among CSI members who were listening to Barry Gray's radio
program on WMCA at 1:)0 a.m. on Sunday, September 24, had the pleasant surprise
of hearing Ted Bloecher and Warren Siegmond discuss flying saucers and the work
of CSI with Mr. Gray. Unfortunately we did not have enough advance notice of
this appearance to notify our members.
       Three lectures were also given by CSI officials. On September 13 Marty
Me~erson addressed   the Kiwanis Club of Cambria Heights, Long Island, on the subject
oi the club. They found his talk so interesting that he was asked to return for
tlJ.eir next meeting, September 20, and give them more information.
                                                                                  .3.


     On Thursday, October 14, Ted Bloechar addressed the Social-Scientific So-
ciety ot New York at Manhattan Towers; thi~ is an organization founded in 1870
by Dr. Carl Schurz and Dr. Abraham Jacoby, and is composed chiefly of scientists
and engineers. This opportunity came about through a letter written by Ted,
criticizing an inadequate review of flying-saucer books, that appeared in the
August 27 issue of The Saturday Review.
     The fall season is here, and we are ~reparing our series of CSI meetings.
In the past year this job has been admirably handled by Marty Meyerson, our
Secretary-Treasurer. But Marty is leaving soon on an extended vacation in the
West. Responsibility for handling the business end of the meetings has been
assumed by Lex Mebane. But we need assistance from members and friends who can
offer their services. We need envelopes typed for annowicements of meetings, we
need help with our increasing correspondence, someone to take minutes at meetings,
and similar duties. If you can lend a hand, please contact any one of the follow-
ing:

       Ted Bloecher              Isabel Davis               Lex Mebane
       317 East 83 Street        67 Jane Street             1.38 West 92 Street
       New York 28               New York 14                New York 25
       TR 9.. 3099               CH 3-6021                  SC 4-4613
     If we get the help we need to handle regular organization work, we will
undoubtedly be able to get intelligent, informative speakers. We have made many
excellent contacts recently, and there is a prospect of outstanding meetings
this season.


                               ********
