{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T23:42:46Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 142676, "source_ctime_ns": 1790269334150223679, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Civlilian-Saucer-Intellligence-of-New-York---No-09.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790269334144025486, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Civlilian-Saucer-Intellligence-of-New-York---No-09.pdf", "source_sha256": "b7516533159291a306d2f27d11dc2eaa2548bdfa0e6033d7f9ad07f151196185"}

10 (j:
No. 1                                                               January 12, 1956
                           CIVILIAM SAUCER INI'ELLIGENCE OF NEW YORK
                           c/o Lex Mebane, 138 West 92 St., N. Y. 25

                                        CSI NEWS LETTER
We are happy to introduce CSI members to a new feature - the CSI News Letter. Our
plans are to try to get this out to members whenever anything of particular interest
comes in, but we cannot commit ourselves until we are sure we can meet the demands
of such a service.
~?_xt Meeting:   11   SAUCER IANDINGS AND LITTLE i·1lEN11 - January 28. Announcement enclosed.
Meeting Dec. 9: The Keyhoe meeting was decidedly successful, with an estimated at-
     tendance of over 400. It aroused great interest in CSI among prominent and
     responsible persons in several fields, added more than 100 new names to the
     mailing list, brought in many new members and a number of interesting first-
     hand UFO observations for the CSI files.
     Thanks go to members and friends who helped, especially Yeaman Condict, Vic-
     toria de Cervantes, John DuBarry, Barbara Emerson of Henry Holt & Cb,, :Uary
     Gillespie, Isabel Lundberg, I. Rauch, and Marilyn Shaw.
     Sorry that members have not yet received the written summary of Keyhoe's talk
     and the questions and answers; it's being prepared, but it is a big job -
     30,000 words to be transcribed from the tape recording, condensed, and mimeo-
     graphed - and Christmas, of course, was an interruption. Members will get
     the report as soon as possible.
     Financial: The gross receipts were ~~528, total expenses ~~495, net tj33. How-
     ever, with many new memberships and other non-meeting income, our January 1
     bank balance was $82.00, not bad for an organization that is still relatively
     small, and we are at last able to subscribe to a clipping service. A complete
     financial statement will be rendered to members in June. Members are free to
     examine the books at any time.
Future Meetings:        Tentatively scheduled for this Spring:
                          Derek Dempster, editor of British Flying Saucer Review
                          Gray Barker, editor of The Saucer1an, and author of the
                            forthcoming They Knew Too Much About Flying Saucers,
                            to be published about April by University Books.
                          Dr. Ivan Sanderson, eminent naturalist and Fortean re-
                            searcher, author of the recently-published and fasci-
                            nating Living Uammals of the World, and a valued friend
                            of CSI of NY.          .
Saucers on TV: Several times recently Dumont's Featurama program has shown the
     documentary film, "Flying Saucers," made in 1952 but still an excellent job.
     They intend to show it again in the future, and we suggest that you watch
     for it (Channel 5). If you do see it, BE SURE to write and tell them you
     would like to see more of these serious items about UF0 1 s.
:Jew Eooks: Capt. Edward Ruppelt 1 s book, The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects,
      has just been published by Doubleday. Ruppelt was head of Project Bluebook
      for two and a half years, and his book is an absolute must ••• Aime Michel's
      Light on the Flying Saucers, to be published this Spring by Criterion Books,
      can also be heartily recommended ••• Does anyone know what happened to Frank
      Edwards' long-awaited book?
                                                                                     2.
New Members, December and Jarniary:   Manhattan 6         Brooklyn 3
                                      Bronx     l         Queens   2
Other CS! News: Marty Meyerson, our former Secretary-Treasurer, is now in Hawaii,
     where he is a saucer celebrity: he is appearing on radio and TV, and a 11 Space
     Convention" is being held to celebrate the occasion. In addition, he has in-
     formed us of two startling sightings that have occurred there recently (see
     below) ••• Ted Bloecher speaks before the North Jersey UFO Group January 19, in
     Mcrristown ••• We need a CSI member in the Ground Observer Corps; is aeyone ab!.d
     to join? ••• Keyhoe 1 s Flying Saucer Conspiracy is available through CS! at $2.lJ,
     a 40% discount from bookstore prices; contact Isabel Davis, 67 Jane St.,N.Y. 14,
     telephone CH 3-6021. •• We have subscribed for three m·:mths to Burrelle 1 s Clip-
     ping Service. Aey interesting reports received vrill be included in future Ne1vs
     Letters.
First-Hand Accounts of Recent UFO Sigl1tings:
~bout 1ast August 20, over the Rocky Mountains, the crew and all the passengers
  {about 20, including Daney Kaye) of an America:: Airlines DC-7, flying non-stop
  Nevi York to Los Angeles, spotted a silvery UFO, which paced the plane for about
  45 min. The plane was at 20,000 feet, flying 300 mph into a 30 mph headwind
  on a W S W heading. The stevtardess told the passengers the pilot would bank the
  plane so they could see the UFO; apparently the crew had watched it for half an
  hour before this. The UFO appeared as a blurred, silvery object; it was watched
  for 15 min. as it paced the plane, moving through the clouds, until it suddenly
  s~ot upwards and disappeared from view at an incredible speed.   This was a mid-
  day sighting. The plane was equipped With radar, but it was reported that the
  object was not registering on the set. Details given to CSI by two of the pass-
  engers, who live in New York City; they have asked that their names be withheld.
September 22, according to llarty Meyerson, a tube-shaped object was seen hovering
   over an airbase on Oahu (Hawaiian Islands) and was photographed in color, Marty
   is trying to get a copy of the picture.
December 9 (night of Keyhoe meeting), ~'lilliam s. (full name in CSI files) was drivjng
   back to New York from his job j_n Raritan, N.J. About 7:30, when he was about t'V'.'O
   mi. south of the northern end of the Jersey Turnpike, he caught sight of a lumin-
   ous green bullet-shaped object, crossing the road at a low altitude and coming
   from the direction of N.Y.C. Object was headed west, about an estimated 1/2 mi.
   ahead and 500 feet above the road, losing altitude in a straight but gradual des-
   cent. The nose came to a conical point; rear was squared off with no tapering;
   edges (unlike a fireball) sharp and distinct. Tlvo round ports or windows, one
   behind the other, gave off a white light brighter than the object itself; these
   windows were almost the size of full moons; object was at least five times (in
   length) the size of a full moon. Almost as soon as this object was properly seen,
   it abruptly disappeared from view; observer was looking straight at it when it
   vanished. "It was there and then it wasn't. 11 It had been in view for about t.wo
   seconds. Details given to Lex Mebane, who vouches for the completely reliable
   character of the witness, a friend and co-worker of his. Lex would also have seen
   this UFO i f he had not taken the day off to get ready for the Keyhoe meeting,
   since he rides to and from work every day with the observer.
January 7, at night, while Marty Meyerson was in Honolulu, a flying saucer vras seen
 -·to-land; a general "scramble" took place, and the sky was filled w:i. th searchiights.
   Moreen this sensational case when we hear from .Marty again.
