{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T10:45:38Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 125931, "source_ctime_ns": 1790412446917831826, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cosmic-Awareness---sr013-How-To-Make-The-Philosophers-Stone.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790412446913589757, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cosmic-Awareness---sr013-How-To-Make-The-Philosophers-Stone.pdf", "source_sha256": "fe855e586439f3da04b4a0681fb08ec35a7d30e36f4b8898cea161783ca9b151"}

How To Make The Philosopher’s Stone —
The Secret Of Alchemy Which Can Turn
Lead Into Gold Or An Elixir Of Life Which
Reverses Aging
From Issue 1994-05


(Excerpt from a CAC General Reading, April 10, 1992)

QUESTION:

A question from A.J. in Columbus, Ohio.

"In a previous reading, you told us what herbs were consumed by Lee Chen Yung in
China, who was reported to have lived to be 256 years of age.

The medieval English writer, Roger Bacon, wrote in the 13th Century AD of an Arab
named Artephius, who Bacon said lived to be 1,025 years of age at a time far later
than the long-lived people listed in the Bible. I must say that I am very skeptical of
this. If Bacon's report is true, this information would be in the Akashic Record. Is
Bacon's report true?"

COSMIC AWARENESS:

This Awareness indicates that the entity Roger Bacon as one who was an alchemist. An
alchemist is capable of creating that which is known as the Philosopher's Stone, for
turning lead into gold, and also for rejuvenating self.

This Awareness indicates that the entity, in describing this Arab, described a fellow
alchemist, whom he had knowledge of, and that this fellow alchemist did indeed live
an enormously long life. It appears there is some exaggeration in terms of years of his
life, or the claims of the entity.

This Awareness indicates that the Philosopher's Stone as that which rejuvenates and
helps to restore youthful energies in the system. This Awareness indicates that it
appears to have been a valid assertion on the part of Roger Bacon.

FOLLOW-UP QUESTION:

He had a follow-up question: "If the answer is in the affirmative, what did he consume
or do which caused him to live to such an extremely old age in times when the vast
majority of people didn't even reach 50 years
of age?"

COSMIC AWARENESS:

This Awareness indicates that this has been given: the entity consumed parts of that
which is known as the Philosopher's Stone. This Awareness indicates that this
Philosopher's Stone is that which is described in many of the old alchemy books, that
it has been written of in its creation through coded writings speaking of Fire, Air,
Water and Sulfur, Quicksilver (Mercury) and Eagle's Wings.

It has been described as coming from the First Matter (Prima Materia) and being made
from the most abhorrent element there is, that which is hated by all human-kind, and
as having been pierced by the dagger of the alchemist.

There are many different codes and symbolism used to explain the secret approach to
the alchemist's creation of the Philosopher's Stone. Once the Philosopher's Stone is
developed, it serves as a kind of powder that can be put into the melted lead and its
presence then turns that lead into gold, or it can be taken orally as a kind of elixir of
life which turns the aged into a younger person.

This Awareness indicates that all this symbolism of the alchemists led many entities to
experiment with elements of mercury, sulfur, etc., and eventually led to modern-day
chemistry as it evolved out of alchemy. This Awareness indicates that there are
dangers involved in the study of alchemy. There are also certain requirements in
terms of one's motives and spirits.

This Awareness hesitates to explain the technique for creating the Philosopher's Stone
because there are mistakes that can be made and entities are likely to risk those
mistakes for purposes that are nothing more than greedy.

This Awareness indicates that entities playing with alchemy need to be extremely
spiritual and avoid the greed aspects. It can turn against you. This Awareness
indicates however, that it does appear that the time is right for some entities to
become knowledgeable about this ancient science.

This Awareness will give a short summary in plain English of the ways by which the
Philosopher's Stone is made, and suggests that before anyone begins studying and
making this Philosopher's Stone, that they turn to the books and symbolism on
alchemy and study these areas more thoroughly.

Cosmic Awareness Breaks the Secret Code
This Awareness is simply breaking the code for you to allow you to study those
alchemy books in light of the code revealed. This Awareness indicates that It does not
wish to get involved further in helping you to create your Philosopher's Stone after
revealing this code. Your responsibilities in this action are those of your own.

The "First Matter"


This Awareness indicates that the First Matter for alchemist normally referred to as
water, is that element known as urine. This Awareness indicates that the urine is
taken at the time of the spring or fall, at the eclipse of the moon. This is often
referred to in alchemy as the "Slaying of Diana," Diana being the Goddess of the Moon.

This Awareness indicates that this is to be put into a cornerless jug, in other words a
jug that is bulbous in shape, without any corners, so that the urine can flow without
being caught in any corners.

The urine or First Matter, is sometimes described as Mercury and Sulfur; mercury
because it flows in a liquid form, and sulfur because of the sulfur content in urine.
This Awareness indicates that in this rounded bulbous bottle there needs to be a cork
or seal, preferably a cork, that can be put in after 40 days.

The bulbous bottle with the urine in it is kept at room temperature approximately 80
degrees, or 75 degrees, relatively warm, during that 40 days. After the 40 days, it
may be capped with a cork, to continue fermentation.

The fermentation that occurs during the first 40 days requires that you have it
somewhere that can allow for the odor to escape without offending others.

This Awareness suggests that this may be in a garage or room or shed, someplace
where it can be kept warm, such as in a bucket of sand that is on a hot water tank or
some place that keeps the temperature up.

A light bulb in a box, after the sand has been heated may keep the box warm enough
and may keep the bulb bottle warm enough.

The "Eagle's Wing"

This Awareness indicates that after the 40 days, the substance is corked, the cork put
in and sealed with wax, dripping wax around the cork so that no air can enter or
leave.

This Awareness indicates that the temperature remains warm, but below body
temperature, and time passes. After several months you will see a rainbow-like oil on
top. This is referred to in the alchemical symbolism as the "Eagle's Wing." It is colorful
in that the oil, when light strikes it, causes a rainbow effect so that there are colorful
reflections on the oil that surfaces or floats to the top of the mixture.

This Awareness indicates during this time, the substance grows dark, almost black,
and the Eagle's Wing, or the oil floating on top becomes more vivid. This Awareness
indicates that as the year comes to a close, the oil begins to turn red in color, a more
reddish color, and eventually, near the end of the year, it should become more or less
dried out as a whitish colored powder.

Creating the "Starter"

This Awareness indicates that the white powder is the Philosopher's Stone, which then
can become a product for creating more Philosopher's Stone by adding more urine and
simply allowing it to ferment and evaporate.

It works faster once it has a starter. Much like the starter in sourdough, it creates the
starter for the more rapid creation of the Philosopher's Stone being repeatedly
created.

This Awareness indicates that of course, the cork is removed after one year and new
urine is added, and allowed to ferment and evaporate, creating still more
Philosopher's Stone as it moves through the process.

It does not become necessary to recap the bottle after the first year, but by simply
adding to it, the mixture evaporates, leaving more residue as Philosopher's Stone.

This Awareness indicates that from this brief description, It suggests that entities
wishing to study further should read some of the alchemy books available, but not to
become too hung up in those books for many of the alchemy books are written by
entities who do know what they are talking about, unless these are from the 16th
Century.

Many of the modern-day writers are speculating and guessing, and the main
information you seek should come from books they quote from the 16th Century, or
books from alchemists such as Saint Germaine, or Roger Bacon.

This Awareness indicates that once the symbolism is understood, you will be able to
gather more meaning from these alchemy books, but it is important not to talk too
much to others about what you are doing and it is important to work and grow
spiritually as you progress with your alchemy experiment.

This Awareness indicates the main reason for studying the alchemy books is to look for
those symbols so that you can convey the information symbolically to other alchemists
and not have to talk in plain English, in areas and in situations that would be
undesirable to you.

FOLLOW-UP QUESTION:

The urine used, I assume is that of the alchemist.

COSMIC AWARENESS:

This is in the affirmative. This Awareness indicates that once the first Philosopher's
Stone powder is made, additional urine can be added to the bottle, and the substance
can be heated enough to allow it to evaporate at a more accelerated rate; however,
it should never be raised above body temperature.

QUESTION:

While we're on this subject, we had a letter from K.K., Indianapolis, Indiana, which
we checked out with Sam Millar (CAC Tarot Reader), who said his motives were
sincere, and I'd like to read this and ask if the information just given would be
sufficient for this entity to work with.

He writes: "I was pleasantly surprised to see the mention that some information has
been 'interpreted' by Ralph Duby on the subjects of alchemy and metallurgy.

My spiritual studies, meditations, contemplation, writings, etc. lead me to believe
that some of the principles of Nature (human, etc.) also applied to the mineral
kingdom. And I began serious laboratory work in spiritual chemistry (alchemy)
beginning in early 1988.

The progress towards accomplishing the Magnum Opus has been steady and satisfying.
And I feel confident in accomplishing the work. Over the years I have dreamt of the
possibilities -- to help C.A.C., the Aquarian church, and other humanitarian activities.

I believe these are strong possibilities to come in the future. I have thought of writing
to ask Awareness for insight to help me with the work, but so far I have gone it
'alone'. So, while I was first inspired to write in order to ask for the information that
Ralph Duby 'interpreted' years ago that pertain to the subjects, at this point perhaps
we should ask Awareness about my situation specifically, to see if any help may be
offered.

If you would like to ask in general that would be great. Consequently I could compile
a short list of (not too technical) questions that would help me. The art of Alchemy is
in the 'domain' of Natural Philosophy, so the philosophical insights, at the very least,
would be very interesting to the readers, I believe." And that basically was his request
and I'd like to ask Awareness if the information just given would be satisfactory to this
entity?

COSMIC AWARENESS:

This Awareness indicates this as being sufficient for the entity to create that which is
known as the Philosopher's Stone; that there are many entities who attempt to deal
with alchemy using metals; that this is not the proper understanding of the science.

They can have many rewards in that direction also in terms of the action of
chemistry.

Proof of Alchemy in British Museum

This Awareness reminds entities there is a coin in the British Museum that is half lead
and half gold.

It is divided, not pressed together or made of two pieces of metal, but it is divided as
one piece of metal, half of which is gold in nature, the other half as lead.

These markings on the coin suggest that it was lead to begin with, and that the gold
simply was a transmutation that occurred to the coin.

CLOSING MESSAGE:

This Awareness indicates that there was a time when the disclosure of information
relating to alchemy would have been certain death to entities disclosing such
information, but because alchemy as a science has more or less died out, is no longer
seen as valid, and the books on the subject are so confused with symbolism,
speculation, and double- talk, it is at a stage now where there are no alchemists
around to protect their sacred science, and therefore, information on the subject is
only available when given in plain English.

The rest is nothing but confusion. This Awareness indicates however, that It does wish
entities to understand the symbolism of alchemy relates to far more than turning lead
into gold.

It relates to turning the philosopher, the alchemist, also into a golden being, a being
of high spiritual nature.

Without the spiritual qualities, it is unlikely that the Philosopher's Stone will ever
have truly high quality.

The quality of the individual helps to go into the making of the Philosopher's Stone.
It is related to the Law of Sympathetic Vibration: that whatever the alchemist is in his
own vibration, that vibration resonates in the crystal of the Philosopher's Stone, and
thus, the Philosopher's Stone is of the same frequency as the philosopher or
alchemist.

This Awareness indicates that as the Philosopher's Stone is created to develop a high
spiritual frequency and then is ingested by the philosopher himself, the alchemist;
that frequency of a spiritual level then enters into the physical body to become a
catalyst for altering the physical cells to that same high frequency and it is in that
manner that the rejuvenating effects take place.

(End of Reading; The Law of Gratitude is given.)

ED's Note: I believe this "Law of Sympathetic Vibration" is a new Cosmic Law.

(There is the Law of Vibration, but that is different.) Please add this to your booklet
of Cosmic Laws and Precepts of Cosmic Awareness.

Also, anyone successful in making the Philosopher's Stone, we would like to hear from
you.

The idea that taking the liquid can add 500 years or so to one's life has possibilities!

From Issue 1995-02


More On How To Create The Philosophers
Stone

(How Can You Keep The Liquid Warm For A Full Year?)


QUESTION:

We recently published the Philosopher Stone information, and quite a few of the
members are trying the experiment. There’s some questions on this from L.J. in New
England. She wants to know: “The Philosopher’s Stone/alchemy; must this be done at
full eclipse or will partial do? And must the urine be passed at the height of the
eclipse? And how does this affect the alchemy?”
COSMIC AWARENESS:

This Awareness indicates that a partial eclipse is sufficient; that it does not
necessarily require it be at the exact height of the eclipse; it is more of a close
proximity that is important. This Awareness indicates that the alchemy experiment
can be started in any year, at the eclipse of the moon, either in the Spring or in the
Fall, and at any place, regardless of whether it is a full eclipse or a partial eclipse.

QUESTION:

She wants to know: “How can liquid in a sealed container turn to powder?”

COSMIC AWARENESS:

This Awareness indicates that it has to be maintained at a warm temperature. It is
suggested the temperature be near that of the human body, however, it appears that
98.6 is somewhat too much. It would appear that a temperature of approximately 85
degrees would be sufficient.

As it sits for a year at such temperature, the energies inside the bottle begin to go
through certain cycles. At one point it becomes very black in color; at another point,
oils appear which reflect different colors of light as they float on the liquid; these in
alchemical terms a red, so-called Eagle’s Wings. It is spoken of in alchemical terms as
the Black Eagle, or Black Oil.

This Awareness indicates there is also a time when it appears red and it is called red
oil. At such times the liquid becomes lower in the bottle. The liquid totally
evaporates and leaves the bottle through whatever occurs so that the elements of
hydrogen, oxygen, in its two parts, the H2O, is no longer there as a combined liquid
and you end up with certain powder.

The powder generally turns white at the end of the cycle. This Awareness indicates
that a way by which you may keep the bottle warm as necessary would be to keep it
in a bucket of sand in which the bucket is heated throughout the year so that the sand
always maintains a constant temperature. This Awareness indicates that if the bottle
is hermetically sealed so as not to leak, the temperature can be higher, such as the
98.6 suggested by the alchemists.

If you cannot seal it properly so that there may be some potential for leakage of the
liquid, then it is best to drop your temperature somewhat, keeping it close to 80 or 85
degrees. This Awareness indicates of course, if it is truly hermetically sealed, a
temperature of 98.6, which is below boiling and yet is warm enough to keep the
substance moving and stirring; this would be the more ideal.

By using sand as a carrier for the heat, you can assure an even temperature of the
liquid.

QUESTION:

“Why, is this called “stone” if it’s a powder? Books say the Philosopher’s Stone refers
to transformation of consciousness only.”

COSMIC AWARENESS:

This Awareness indicates It is giving you the information of alchemists.

It is not giving you the information of authors who write about alchemy.

QUESTION:

“What is the prescribed dosage or frequency for rejuvenation? Will it restore even
people with “invariably fatal” conditions to health?”

COSMIC AWARENESS:

This Awareness indicates that if it is done properly, which requires also a certain
mental parallel work, then the entity can be rejuvenated, even in levels of health.
This Awareness indicates that there is a parallel movement between the entity’s
psyche and the work in terms of the Philosopher’s Stone. This Awareness indicates
that as an entity progresses with the spiritual growth that occurs within his or her
psyche, the attunement of the vibration to the stone affects the psyche of the
individual. They both complement each other.

This Awareness indicates that it is an art form more than a scientific form of changing
consciousness and matter. The transmutation has as much a dependency on psychic
energies as on chemical energies.

QUESTION:

Once you’ve got this powder, how do entities administer it? Do they add it to water,
and drink it? What is the prescribed dosage for this?”

COSMIC AWARENESS:

This Awareness indicates that usually, when an alchemist creates the energy of the
Philosopher’s Stone, the powder, the entity then begins to use that powder to create
more: this by further addition of further liquid, and the process serves as a kind of
catalyst to move the liquid more quickly.

At some point it can be done without sealing the liquid so that it evaporates quickly
and dries and the powder turns the new liquid into more powder. This Awareness
indicates that as more and more is created, an entity can have a large amount, and it
only takes small amounts to serve as the substance to ingest, this being approximately
1/8th or 1/16th of a teaspoon of powder per day or per week, depending on how
quickly the entity wants to make changes.

Changes that are too rapid can be somewhat unpleasant.

Thus, entities need to take the powder slowly and carefully. You cannot give the
powder to someone else; it must be your own alchemical creation for yourself.

How Was The Philosopher’s Stone Discovered? (An
Important Leak Was Taken In 12,000 Bc)


QUESTION:

She asks: “Where did the formula for the Philosopher’s Stone originate? How could
anyone have known or suspected this or figured it out, or was it revealed?”

COSMIC AWARENESS:

This Awareness indicates this was used back in ancient Atlantis and in Egypt. It came
about partly by accident in which entities ingested substances found in the desert,
where there had been what appears to have been a place where a certain entity
urinated frequently and at some point noticed the white powder on the earth without
recognizing how it got there, tasted it and noticed certain things happening to him.

After some time, the entity began to realize what it was and how it worked. This
Awareness indicates this appears to be approximately 12,000 B.C. This Awareness
suggests that the entity did not discover at that time the effects of the powder on
metal; only at some much later time was this aspect of alchemy recognized.

How Does The Alchemy Accomplish What It Does?


QUESTION:

“How does it accomplish what it does?”

COSMIC AWARENESS: (After a long pause)

This Awareness indicates that the question: How does an alchemical activity
accomplish what it does is extremely difficult to put into words.

Alchemy is the ability to change consciousness, to change forms, substances and
vibrations. This Awareness suggests that in the changing of vibrations, an entity can
say: “How does the vibration change?”

This Awareness indicates that there are many ways to change vibrations. They either
speed up or slow down. It is like asking: “How does life come to be?” It is not
something that can easily be explained in words. It is an experience. Human tongue is
not the proper tool for explaining the experience of life or how life came to be.

Words are not the proper form or tools for explaining how life came to be. This
Awareness indicates that the changing of frequencies and vibrations create all manner
of results.

The holding of temperature over long periods of time on a fluid that is vibrating at
your own frequency, holding that at a certain temperature for years throughout an
entire solar cycle, changes the frequency to a higher octave and has an effect on your
own frequency.

This Awareness indicates that it can also have an effect on the frequency of metals
that have been placed in its vicinity. It can have an affect on other things that are
vibrating at a frequency so that the frequencies are changed. This Awareness
indicates that as with all things in life, the frequencies of energies are the key to
what they are, to how they express themselves and to how they are perceived or
valued.

These frequencies also affect events, actions, attitudes, thoughts, and behavior.

There are many ways in which entities can alter frequencies, change consciousness,
change events, physical relationships, through the manipulation or altering of
frequency.

This Awareness indicates this entire field of changing frequencies is that which can be
called alchemy, and it is an art.

ED’s Note: For more on how to make the Philosopher’s Stone, please refer to
“Revelations of Awareness” issue number 94-05, The Secret of Alchemy, $3.00 from
CAC.

Awareness has suggested that the liquid should be placed in a glass container, with a
rounded bottom, such as a test tube, and placed in a bucket of sand somehow so the
heat is constant, perhaps on a water heater in the house.

We checked this one out and it is easier said than done. The water heater is set so
that the temperature is too hot and even if wrapped in foil the wax the glass tube is
sealed in often melts and the liquid runs out.

Others have suggested a small aquarium, whereby you somehow rig the test tube so it
is immersed in the water of the fish bowl and the temperature regulated by a
common water heater used in aquariums. We tried that one also, but trying to rig a
test tube so that it will stay in one place and not fall into the water (tank water
would ruin the experiment) isn’t easy.

That technique was just too hazardous. We also tried a crock pot, which would work
OK except the minimum temperature is still too hot. I finally hit on something that
really works. Years ago during my hippie stage, I procured a food dryer which is
designed to dry fruits and vegetables at a very low temperature for long periods of
time.

This particular dryer is made of wood and has 4 trays with screens on which you lay
out the fruit you wish to dry. You then close the door of the dryer and set it to low
heat.

With a thermometer, I discovered you could regulate the heat from as low as 50
degrees to as high as 120. I set it for about 80 degrees and placed the glass containers
on one of the screens in the dryer.

It holds the heat just fine and the electric bill has only increased by about a dollar a
month. I have seen similar food dryers in health food Stores and there is a small one
being hawked on late night TV.

If you are interested, as I was, in trying to keep this experiment going, you may want
to check out the food dryer as a method of creating your Philosopher’s Stone.

(Cosmicchannelings.com note: An easy way to keep the liquid at the right
temperature for a long period is to put the liquid in sealed mason jars, put the
mason jars in a large cardboard box, then put a small electric heater fan in the box.
You can get heater fans for about $25 that will blow warm air for 10 seconds or so and
then shut off for a couple minutes, then blow another 10 second blast of hot air over
and over.

Put a thermometer in the box and adjust the timing on the fan to heat the box to the
right temperature. The liquid in the jars will form the clear liquid on top, the white
powder on the bottom and the liquid will begin to darken within a few days.

Obviously be careful not to let it overheat and start a fire. If the fan is new it should
have an automatic shutoff if it becomes too hot. DO NOT USE A KEROSENE HEATER or
anything like that. A "Holmes HFH111T-U Heater Fan with Comfort-Control
Thermostat" will work.)

From Issue 1995-06
The Philosopher's Stone: What Is The
"Parallel Mental Work" Required ?

QUESTION

A question from D.J. in New York: She writes: "Awareness did not specify the "Certain
mental parallel work" needed for Philosopher's Stone. Could we ask for that
supplement?"

COSMIC AWARENESS

This Awareness indicates that the parallel works follow the actions of the effort in
making the Philosopher's Stone, in that the entity's consciousness is affected by the
experiment to raise the philosopher's consciousness toward a kind of spiritual
frequency or vibration, much like that of sympathetic vibrations that are caused by
musical tones, wherein an entity being given a musical instrument, plucking those
strings, will hear and feel certain frequencies.

This Awareness indicates that it is not a parallel message in verbal tones or verbal
meanings that is some kind of secret code for philosophers. It is simply the frequency
that entities may attune to, and as the experiment goes through its journey or
voyage, the vibrations, or frequencies have an automatic sympathetic broadcast of
energy to the cells of the individual.

It is likened unto a radio broadcast or frequency broadcast of sound, but it is not
heard. It is simply experienced by the cells of the individual as the Philosopher's Stone
program goes through its various stages of development, so that the entity, through
vibrations, grows along with the Stone in its evolution and development.

This Awareness indicates that there are many instances in which entities make
assumptions that are not necessarily correct, and if an entity becomes convinced or
assumes that all knowledge is transferred through words, or through concepts or
ideas, and the entity is used to receiving words, concepts and ideas for carrying
messages or receiving messages, for enhancing their wisdom, their understanding;
there is a tendency to want those things put into words.

This Awareness indicates that if an entity does not understand the nature of
experience, the nature of receiving information from an experience, from
experiencing a ritual; for example, if an entity doesn't understand what it means to
the soul to go to its knees and experience a kneeling before God, how can the entity
understand through words about "putting myself in a devoted kneeling or subservient
position to God" if they are expecting this information to come through words?

How do you become subservient to God by definition, by someone defining what to
do, or by defining the term "devotion"?. If there is no understanding of "devotion",
how can one understand it by having it explained in words, without the experience?

This Awareness indicates in other words, the parallel information in regard to the
Philosopher's Stone is not simply a formula of verbiage, a formula of words, it is an
experience that accompanies the program of working on the Philosopher's Stone.

From Issue 1997-09


David Hudson's "White Powder of Gold"
(More on Creating the "Philosopher's
Stone")

QUESTION:
Bruce has one other question. He writes: "David Hudson has developed a process for
producing "white powder of gold" also known as Philosopher's Stone. There is also a
product called Acemannan with similar properties. Finally, there is a tea made from
plants growing on a naturally formed "white dust" found on some Native American
owned mountain out West somewhere."

"Would Awareness care to comment on this "white gold" and the relative potencies of
its variations, and how do these products-compare with that substance produced from
alchemically processing your own urine?"

COSMIC AWARENESS:

This Awareness indicates this does not appear to be that which is actually the
Philosopher's Stone. These products appear to be created in different methods. One
appears to be created from certain minerals. Another appears to be created from the
use of minerals and plants growing from minerals so that the plant absorbs certain
minerals and the extract then is taken from the plant

Don't Allow Someone Else's Urine In Your Philosopher's
Stone
This Awareness indicates that there appears to be one entity who attempts to use his
own urine as part of the process, but this would not be to the benefit of others. The
use of your own urine in making the Philosopher's Stone would vibrate in part to the
frequency of your cells and be beneficial if properly made, but not the frequency
from someone else, for it would not vibrate to your own frequency and could be of
some danger to you.

Don't Waste Your Time or Money on Hudson's Hustle


This Awareness indicates It does not see any of these things as being what they
purport to be or what they imply themselves to be in the Sense of a true Philosopher's
Stone. This Awareness sees these as being a waste of your concern or energies or
money or efforts. The only value would be from the suggestion and the placebo
effect. If you believe something is good for you, it does have some potential benefit
to the strength of your belief, but intrinsically, there is not seen anything of value for
entities in these substances, except for the one selling them.


New Information On Creating Your Own
Philosopher's Stone

QUESTION:

Bruce had one other question. He asks: "At this time does Awareness wish to offer any
additional information related to the alchemical techniques for producing white
powder of gold?"

COSMIC AWARENESS:

This Awareness indicates that t has given information on this previously. At the end of
the cycle or year of incubation, the powder left in the bottle should begin to turn
white. At that time, the lid can be removed so that the powder dries, it still needs to
be kept in a warm environment with no moisture.

This Awareness indicates that if all has gone well; if the vibration and frequency of
the alchemist has been such as to help in the process, then the powder should be
completed when it is fully dried. This Awareness indicates that it then can be used as
starter for another incubation, which would not take the full year, whereby it could
be used with greater heat and evaporation so that the process becomes speeded for
the next batch.

Understanding the Importance of Frequency and
Vibration


This Awareness indicates over a period of time, by continuing to use the starter, one
could then build the powder more quickly. This Awareness indicates there is an
element of frequency and vibration and harmony that needs to be understood. The
alchemist has a frequency or vibration that harmonizes with the matrix in the bottle
as the experiment is in process and the alchemist needs to evolve spiritually during
this process to keep the formula working properly with the right vibration.

If the entity's spiritual vibration evolves properly, that which is in the bottle also
evolves properly by sympathetic vibration or mutual harmony between fine
frequencies, and this adds to and helps in the quality of the white powder that the
entity ends up with.

How to Turn the Lead to Gold


This Awareness indicates the turning of lead into gold requires that the lead be
melted, the powder be sprinkled into the melted lead. If the powder has been
processed correctly, it would then has its effect on the lead to turn it to gold.

This awareness indicates that this does require a psychic or mental or spiritual
element as part of the process, which will shut out some people who are operating
strictly from greed or who are not progressing spiritually during the time of the
processing.

This Awareness indicates in other words, throughout the year of the alchemical
experiment, entities need to be well-focused in their own spiritual evolving in order
to make this work. It is for this reason that not many alchemists are successful in
these efforts.

QUESTIONER'S STATEMENT:

I think most of the members who are running this experiment are more interested in
getting the powder and using it for stopping the aging process rather than making
gold.
COSMIC AWARENESS:

How to Tell If Your White Powder Is Working


This is in the affirmative. This Awareness indicates if it has been done properly a few
drops on the tongue at the time when the powder is well-dried, will be enough help
the entity realize whether it is working or not.

This Awareness suggests that when the powder is formed in the bottle and is white,
even if not fully dried, then the heat can be increased slightly so that over a period of
the next week or two, it can be dried further and then used.

The lid may then be taken off so that the evaporation occurs and the powder becomes
completely dried. This Awareness indicates, of course, if there has been some
disruption in terms of heat, temperature, or if it has not progressed properly, the
powder may be weak and not very effective, or it may not be working at all. There
are possibilities that it will be quite effective, and the entity using it will immediately
feel something significant in its use.

You Eat Some of the Powder and Use Rest for Starter


You would want to break the powder into two-parts: one to take internally, and the
other part to use as starter tor your next batch. The next batch would then develop
more quickly from the use of the starter. By 'starter' this Awareness suggests it be
compared to sourdough starter for making the sourdough that is used in pancakes.

This Awareness indicates that by using this substance as a starter, it gets to work on
the matrix more quickly to bring about the next batch. The heat for this second batch
would need to be raised somewhat so that it moved more quickly to its state of
dryness. There again, it would go through the darkening and the oil separation similar
to that of the early experiment.

This Awareness indicates that which is referred to as the "eagle's wings" or "eagle's
feathers" is actually speaking of oils that reflect different colors of light which would
float on the top of your matrix. After these oils rise from the dark matrix, then
gradually, the substance starts becoming more into its direct processing (sic) and the
evaporations of liquids then begin to occur more quickly, so that the amount of fluid
reduces more quickly, eventually leaving the bottle entirely and then leaving a white
powder.
Again, remember the bottle must have no ridges such as comers. It must be rounded
from bottom to top and sealed at the top, preferably with a wax around the cork and
no metal in the bottle. The bottle may not be plastic. It must be glass.

From Issue 2003-02


The Philosopher's Stone: He's Made
Powder But It's Dark Not White (What
Does He Do Next?)

QUESTION:

A question from Stephen Ratanashi, Toronto, Canada. He writes: "I would appreciate
it if you could ask Awareness about this, regarding the Philosopher's Stone, I had
white powder already visible in my flask, floating on top of liquid and a good portion
at the bottom settled down. I let the liquid evaporate as suggested, but now, all of
the powder residue that has settled down at the bottom has turned dark brown, red,
or almost black in color, just as the color of the liquid was."

"There is little trace of white powder; some grains visible on the sides of the flask.
Everything else is dark color. Is this still good? Do I just add liquid now? Will the new
powder created also turn this color? Please respond!"

COSMIC AWARENESS:

This Awareness indicates there is that in the alchemical books which describes the
color of the raven's wing; this being black in color. Them is also a reference to the
color red. This Awareness indicates that it appears the powder is still valuable, and
that additional liquid at the time of the full moon can revitalize that powder so that
it remains valuable and workable.

This Awareness indicates that it does not see this as needing to be at the time of the
eclipse, although that would be a better time, but that it can also be revitalized
at the time of the full moon and simply by adding the further liquid. This Awareness
indicates that there is some potential for it to not work properly, but approximately
80% chance it will continue working.

The further action is seen as occurring with the top of the bottle removed during that
time period while the matrix is kept warm so that the liquid can go through its
evaporation, and the powder should retain a lighter color at the 'end of the
evaporation.

It is seen that continual addition of liquid to the powder with each full moon can be a
method of build-up of the powder. This Awareness suggests that this may be capped
long enough to shake up the liquid and the powder in the bottle, then the lid may be
removed.

Ed's Note: My own personal experiment ended in the same way, all dark powder after
the liquid evaporated. I did not try the experiment again due to more pressing
projects. For more information on making your own Philosopher's Stone, please refer
to "Revelations of Awareness" issues, 94-05, 95-02, 95-11, 95-06; $3.00 each from CAC

From Issue 2009-08


An Update On The Philosopher Stone
(Here's A Guy Who Has Successfully Made
It!)

Our next question is from M.W. (Name and location withheld) He Writes concerning
the Philosopher's Stone Update. It is quite lengthy. It starts, "I am a regular subscriber
to CAC and a couple of years back you asked Cosmic Awareness some questions
concerning how to make the Philosopher's Stone. (CAC Issues: 79-12, 86-1, 88-1, 94-
51, 95-2,6 &11, 97-9, 2003-2, 6 & 9) I think that you and Avaton even tried to make it.
As I recall, something happened that prevented you from completing the task. Well,
guess what, I've done it! (I think!) Here are the details:

A close trusted friend and I followed Cosmic Awareness' instructions for making the
Philosopher's Stone exactly at the full lunar eclipse last March, 2007. Each of us
buried a hermetically sealed 500 ml flask containing about 300 ml of our urine into
sand that was heated to 85 degrees F. and we were able to successfully keep the
cooler and sand heated at that temperature continuously for 15 months.

Last week we dug them out and here's what we found: my flask had 2 inches by 2
inches by 1/4 inch "oval" of white precipitate at the bottom and it was covered by
about 300ml of very light amber liquid.

My friend's flask had the same amount of white precipitate; only his was covered by
deep red burgundy colored liquid.
Could you please ask Cosmic Awareness for an update on this subject? Have we
actually been successful at creating the Philosopher's Stone? Do we need to do more?
Where do we go from here? Are we done? Can we do any more to the white
precipitate - like make the "red lion"? Or is the white precipitate THE very Legendary
Red Lion? Why the different colors of fluid in each of our flasks? What can/should we
do with it? Can we indeed make more simply by pouring off the overlying liquid in the
flask, putting more of our urine on top of the precipitate and letting it stand for
several weeks without heating, as I think were Cosmic Awareness' instructions on how
to make more? Do we need to heat it again? I would really appreciate any input
and/or updated information that Cosmic Awareness wishes to share on this subject at
this point.

Maybe you would want to publish our progress and Cosmic Awareness' responses to
these questions in the newsletter. I'm sure many would like to hear of someone's
"apparent" success and read about an update on this subject.

Of course, my sharing my progress may be a VERY sensitive subject to some of the
more private alchemists, so I would request you not quote my name and address in
the newsletter just yet, as a protection against any "mad scientists."

Does Awareness have an update and/or additional comments to offer? Thank you.

COSMIC AWARENESS

This Awareness does have a comment to make. The white material that was formed is
that which is basically that substance known as the Philosopher's Stone. The liquid
that is atop of the white material is to be poured off. It can be further used in a
similar fashion in the sandbox with new urine added to it to duplicate the procedure.
The difference in the colors of the two liquids is purely because of the biochemistry
of each individual producing a different colored liquid. Doing this will create more of
the white precipitate that has been mentioned by the individual, and this can be
added to the original Philosopher's Stone substance.

There are other things one can do with the Philosopher's Stone material. One can put
a small amount (it does not take a large amount) into a glass of water. An individual
can then drink this for the effects of the Philosopher's Stone.

It works along the homeopathic principle of a small amount carrying the resonance
and the purity of the substance. A simple amount or grain even would be sufficient.
Thus, a little will indeed go a long way.

One can also put some of the Philosopher's Stone in fresh urine which will act as a
catalyst and create new material after a sufficient period of time has gone by that
will be more intense than that which was previously the case. One can also use the
Philosopher's Stone material to infuse water, which then could be added to the urine.
It does not even have to be the actual white material itself that is used. The pure
refinement and the more expensive refining of the materials will create stronger and
stronger formulations of that which this Awareness is calling the Philosopher's Stone.

The Philosopher's Stone Not Really About Turning Lead
to Gold


In some ways this is a repetitive process until a stage is reached where the purer
substance can thus be made available. This would take several distillations to reach,
but each level and each production of that material that is the Philosopher's Stone
will have its own power and its own capacity to create health and well being, to bring
forward that state of illumination that was the ultimate quest of the alchemists. It
was not simply about turning lead into gold. This is a materialistic goal that was
attributed to alchemists to those who later came and held as important materialistic
wealth versus spiritual wealth.

Thus the lead that is to be transformed is the individual, him or her self. The urine is
a product of a refinement process within the human body and despite social taboo
against and around, urine is of a relatively pure nature. Indeed, most of the toxins
have been removed from the urine in the distillation process of the body as it reduces
the liquids of the body down into the pure urine, and the purest urine of all is the
urine that is available in the morning upon getting up and first going to the bathroom.
This would be the urine that this Awareness would recommend to use in further
distillations.

There Are Other Ways of Reaching Enlightenment


This process can indeed take a number of years to complete in this way, but there are
other ways of reaching enlightenment and illumination where one does not simply rely
on the ingesting of a substance, even the substance of the Philosopher's Stone, but
one learns how to go within oneself and through a process of inner distillation, or
working from within, one can refine one's character and also reach a place of spiritual
purity and enlightenment.

The substance created through the formulation of the Philosopher's Stone has its own
merit. This Awareness will not at this time express all of the effects of the white
powder of the Philosopher's Stone and its use and benefit, for It asks the individual
himself to share it with others when he feels that this is appropriate and correct.
As the different colored liquid that formed on top of the surface suggests the
different biochemical attributes of each individual, so will the Philosopher's Stone
produced through this process have individual differences and different effects.

Thus a process of experimentation with the powder is that which this Awareness
would recommend to the individual to see what he finds in his journey towards his
own spiritual enhancement and purification. It may be used before meditation, a
small amount being put in liquid so that it enhances the actual, experience of going
within. This may be one use of it, but there are many uses.

Congratulations From Awareness


This is an accelerant, a catalyst to help the individual on that process of self-
awareness, self-enlightenment, and self-realization. This Awareness congratulates the
two individuals upon achieving the Philosopher's Stone. It is not an easy path to
follow, nor is it a path for everyone. Those who accomplish this have indeed shown
tenacity and perseverance and have as their goal ultimately their own highest
spiritual purification. This Awareness is now complete
