{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T10:29:17Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 65924, "source_ctime_ns": 1790171009969935087, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cosmic-Awareness---sr014-monroe-institute-training-psychic-spies.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790171009958940994, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cosmic-Awareness---sr014-monroe-institute-training-psychic-spies.pdf", "source_sha256": "01524ceba73fcf382feaf49e14ea9dbed95ac5ab9794d0fb7bc9f68293ff7549"}

What's Happening At The Monroe
Institute? (Out Of Body Spies Being
Trained For Future War) (Cosmic
Awareness sr014)
      [ Download Zip Of All Cosmic Awareness Channelings ]

      [ Cosmic Awareness Home (Original Source) | Donations, Order Hardcopies ]

      [ Cosmic Channelings Home (Free Channeling Archive) ]

      Under the Cosmic Copyright reproduction of this newsletter or its content is
      permitted and encouraged by C.A.C.

Table Of Contents:

  What's Happening At The Monroe Institute? (Out Of Body Spies Being Trained For
Future War)
  A Story On How Aliens Use Mind Control (Weird Goings-on At The Monroe Institute)
  Will Changing Our Belief Systems End The Reincarnation Cycle?

What's Happening At The Monroe Institute? (Out Of
Body Spies Being Trained For Future War)
From 1993-07

Question:

A related question: Awareness, would you care to comment about the work that is
being done in the Robert Monroe Institute in Virginia, which deals with the training
for out-of-body and if it's for other things, would you care to mention it, please?

Cosmic Awareness:

This Awareness indicates this as dealing with soul travel and the study of the soul as it
relates to the physical body, and is collecting data and information that can
eventually be duplicated as kind of scientific research of that which might normally
be termed "psychic science" or "metaphysical sciences", and this can have, in the
future especially, some very important implications as it becomes applied in schools,
dealing with these topics, whereby entities may be trained in out-of-body activities.
This Awareness indicates that this can also -- as with every new discovery -- be
tapped into by military-minded people for use of spying and psi-war projects.

This is the negative side of the project, that it can be misused.

This Awareness indicates that It does not see this as yet happening, but It sees this as
a strong possibility in the near future, that entities will be sent there to study the
techniques and then taken elsewhere to teach these for military purposes to create
"out-of-body spies", entities who astrally project into the enemy headquarters and
planning rooms and secret places to spy on their enemies while out of the body.

This Awareness indicates that this has already been done, but that the Monroe
Institute as perfecting techniques and much will be taken from this for military
purposes in the future.

This Awareness indicates that it does not appear that there is anything that can be
done about this other than to recognize the misuse of another otherwise beneficial
technology.

This Awareness indicates that the future wars will rely heavily on psionics and psychic
technologies.

From 1992-09

A Story On How Aliens Use Mind Control (Weird Goings-
on At The Monroe Institute)
Question: We got a letter from M.G. in New Jersey. There's a couple of questions in
it. I'll read his letter. It makes more sense.

He writes: "I teach basic Astrology and Psychic Phenomenon at a local High School's
adult evening classes in the fall and winter. One of my students gave me the
"Nightmare Hall" issue.

After reading it, I couldn't get a goodnight's sleep for three nights. I copied it and
passed it on to others who need to know, and I joined your organization.

I've distributed 85 copies of the long "This May Save Your Life" summary sheet you
sent, and have given it to both classes as well as everyone who will take it. I even
sent a copy to friends in Greece. Thank you for composing that.

I've also showed the Cooper video to over 100 people already. I'll be showing it at a
seminar in April, as well as handing out your summary.
So many people, many of whom should know better, only want to know the nice
flowery stuff and they panic when a Reptilian shows up with a knife and fork. The
alien material is so vital and we must continue to be informed.

Of course I am sure some of your membership are government/alien plants who write
you to try and discourage your bold and revealing information.

Please don't be swayed by the rose-tinted glasses crowd or others who try to get you
to cease this and deal only with 'nice' stuff. we all need this information. I have some
questions.

lf they already have been asked, please excuse me for being new to your
membership. I have been to the Monroe Institute's Gateway and Guidelines Programs.
Monroe wrote "Journeys Out of Body" and "Far Journeys," as you probably now.

The Institute he operates in Faber, Virginia, was setup with an alien guidance and
pillars of energy were placed in certain areas on the property.

I have seen, as have others, these aliens who are guardians of the Institute, although
they seem out of phase with the physical. Are these aliens from the Pleiades or
elsewhere?

While in their isolation booth I was experimented on by aliens who looked like the
Dulce group. They said they wanted to find a way to synthesize emotions and used a
beam to generate sorrow in me.

They tried to get me to fear as well by using images. They failed at fear and were
surprised when it failed. Another alien (different) came in, argued with the
experimenters and threw up a net-like barrier that cut them off from me.

I sensed a strong, loving vibration from my rescuer. Can the Awareness comment?

Cosmic Awareness: This Awareness indicates that it appears the aliens were playing
the good cop/had cop scenario for your benefit; that the second alien who rescued
you as one who was seeking to create a relationship with you that could be used for
further manipulation according to their mind control efforts.

It appears the entire activity was that which was designs to influence and control your
consciousness or control your mind to some degree.

This Awareness indicates that it does not seem that they had perfected their
experiments effectively enough to have much influence on you, however, it does
appear that they have developed sufficient techniques to help establish a program of
mind control that can be effective under certain circumstances.

These circumstances, however, are quite limited.
Follow Up Question: This information that the Institute was set up with an alien
guidance and pillars of energy were placed on certain areas on the property… He says:
"I have seen, as have others, these aliens who are guardians of the Institute, although
they seem out of phase with the physical."

Are these aliens from the Pleiades or from elsewhere?

Cosmic Awareness: This Awareness indicates that they do not appear to be from the
Pleiades. The entities appear to be those who were born on earth as half-breeds,
having some human qualities.

Question: His letter goes on: "The Monroe Institute has a few former military
intelligence officers working for them in key positions. They refuse to discuss any
alien matters. Are they government plants?"

Cosmic Awareness: This Appears to be in the affirmative.

Will Changing Our Belief Systems End The
Reincarnation Cycle?
Question Continues: "Monroe states we are incarnated for learning emotions and
experiencing numerous situations connected with them. He states belief systems,
including the owe/pay system of karma is a tool used to keep use reincarnating.

Once we get off the wheel, we can break this cycle." Would Awareness comment?

Cosmic Awareness: This Awareness indicates that it appears the philosophy as that
which is accurate in some cases, depending on if the entity breaks free from the
wheel.

It has more to do with an entity's expanding awareness than with any particular
behavioral activity as to whether an entity will continue reincarnating or will move on
into other realms and destinies beyond the physical.

Follow Up Question: I've read this before, that the reincarnation cycle is a tool used
to keep people from returning to the Godhead, and it they once quit energizing the
idea of reincarnation, that they could break free of this cycle.

Is that true?

Cosmic Awareness: This Awareness indicates that it is possible for entities to move
beyond the creation of karma, and thus prevent or reduce the energy of reincarnation
so that they move on into other dimensions toward greater freedom.
This Awareness indicates, however, that it being possible, is not always actual; that
by reducing one's karma, either through altered behavior or through a change in
consciousness, entities can help break themselves free from karmic repercussions and
can move into higher vibratory states by not carrying those karmic energies with
them. This can assist in freeing the entity karmically so that the vibrations and
frequencies are diminished, because of the greater emphasis on avoiding karmic
behavior and activities.
