{"created_utc": "2026-09-19T13:32:48Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 507212, "source_ctime_ns": 1788580451143021054, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cosmic-Awareness---1978-28---water-s-cell-health-skin-aura-chakra-cure-d-cell-water-hair-heal.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788580451127579764, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cosmic-Awareness---1978-28---water-s-cell-health-skin-aura-chakra-cure-d-cell-water-hair-heal.pdf", "source_sha256": "4878daf05940eca24df4dac5260f9d094e18833f04622091e0d2094109cbfdf4"}

Cosmic Awareness Communication s
78-28                                                          1P   C . Sex 115 .   0!rlmWe WnAinglDn 5851 7

                          "S" Cell R,a9sL

Note : The following information . on "S" Cell use Was sent to CAC by a California grou p
which is researching its uses . This inormation . has not been checked with Awarenes s
and is circulated only .. as general information .
                                                   ***ea,*
While all members used . D-Cells and charged water in . personal and experimental use ,
about 20. members used the S-Cell to an extent that: they were able to provide an obser-
vational report on them . This obvious favoritism is probably due to the concept o f
"white light" associated with the ?l-Cell, while the S-Cell emanates more of a "us e
with caution" aura . However, we fcnnd the S-Cell to be equally dramatic, if not mor e
so in some instances, in comparison with the 17-Cell .

INTERNAL APPLICATIONS : None

AURIC CLEANSING. : Nearly all users reported remarkable results with S-Cell water whe n
applied to the skin . In healing, its properties seemed to multiply, cleansing the aur a
instantly, and vitalizing the skin within minutes of application .

CRAKRA STIMULATION : Not: indicated in all cases, but when used . RI healings with direct -
ion, the chakras responded almost immediately, but with deeper levels than when D-Cel l
water was applied on other occasions . For chakras, the S-Cell is more profound .

BATEJN0 : Because of the volume of water required and charging time with a few cells ,
bathing in S .-Cell water was done only by 2 members . Very profound reactions . Whil e
D-Cell water seems to project its energies inward, the S-Cell water seems to draw ou t
the undesirable on. and even beneath the skin . A very distinct sensation of losin g
something was noticed by . both users, independently . They both noticed an absence o f
irritants, and felt 'very, very good' .

POULTICES : Used for poultices by. several members, some in combination with herbs .
Swelling reduced in . very short time in one instance, skin irritation removed in another ,
stomach ache relieved, false labor cramps relieved, and numerous minor surface ailment s
relieved, No failures reported in any poultice application .

ATHLETES FOOT : S.-Cell water used by one member for this, soaking the feet in th e
charged water . Reported no noticeable improvement .

SPRAYING : When sprayed in a room to clear it of negative or harmful . presence, the S e
Cell water cleared the etheric, but did not seem to effect anything or anyone on th e
astral level . Ne have no explanation for this .

DOUCHES : S-Cell water was used by all female members conducting the research, and al l
were agreed upon the beneficial effects of the water . Three of the girls reported tha t
when a charged S-Cell was inserted vaginally, cures resulted, but one case of yeas t
infection required several days before disappearing .

HERPEA : This skin disease spreads very rapidly over the skin, with swelling, postules ,
etc . The member so afflicted used both the water and the charged cell and reporte d
that: the normal spreading was completely arrested ; the postules reduced in . size, an d
tissue replacement in the healing occurred at a very rapid rate .

MISCELLOEOUS :Cells, wet and charged, were taped to various places by members wit h
temporary afflictions, all reported cures . Stomach cramps stopped in 15 minutes, ski n
infection on face disappeared in two days of intermittent cell application, dandruf f
eliminated, stiff neck relaxed by taping wet cell to the back of the area, tumor swell-
ing in 20 minutes with taped cell, skin rash . (3 cases) relieved by taped cell ; whe n
used to wash the face, one member reported that people told him he looked different ,
beard growth reported by one member, beard reduction reported by another ; $ member s
noticed improvement in hair texture and vitality, 2 members reported no noticeabl e
change in hair when using cell water as rinse, used the water as rinse for brushin g
teeth, seemed to think it made the teeth brighter, mouth cleaner . (Mae Robinson )
