{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T00:46:58Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 143529, "source_ctime_ns": 1790282144784555474, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cosmic-Awareness---sr011-Cosmic-Laws-Updated.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790282144770322975, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Cosmic-Awareness---sr011-Cosmic-Laws-Updated.pdf", "source_sha256": "18cd1b207ea79bb87f6205c4dd24e7c4265ba7a16cf01b9d97b2451368816d38"}

The Cosmic Laws Of Awareness
This Awareness suggests that you take each of these Laws and spend approximately
one or two weeks meditating during your spare time thinking about what is being said,
really looking deeply about what is being said. This Awareness indicates in this
manner you shall begin to discover levels of consciousness that few have ever
glimpsed.

By studying these Laws you can open your consciousness to a level which is likened
unto a college education in comparison to a first or second grade education. Your
wisdom can expand ten-fold by studying these Laws with deep attention; this is only
the beginning.

(Cosmicchannelings.com note: Cosmic Awareness has stated that there are an infinite
number of universal laws, therefore it is impossible to create a complete list of
them.)

The Precepts Of Cosmic Awareness
       Judge Not
       Be Humble
       Never Do Anything Contrary To The Law Of Love
       Do Nothing Contrary To The Law Of Mercy

The Universal Law
The Universal law is that knowledge, that awareness, that all living things, that all
life has within it that vitality, that strength, to gather from itself all things necessary
for its growth and its fruition.

The Law Of Love
The Law Of Love is that Law which places the welfare, concern and feeling for others
above self. The Law Of Love is that close affinity with all forces that you associate
with as being "good". The Law Of Love is that force that denies a place for evil in the
world, that resists not. Love offers the path of least resistance by cherishing,
nurturing and protecting the beloved. *Resisting evil simply strengthens it, just like
weight training strengthens muscles. Resist NOT evil. Expose it YES

The Law Of Mercy
The Law Of Mercy is that law which allows one to forgive all error; to forgive equally
those who err against you as you err against them. This is to be merciful. To be
merciful is akin to The Law Of Love, and if one obeys The Law Of Mercy there can be
no error in the world.

The Law Of Gratitude
The Law Of Gratitude is that sense of satisfaction in knowing that energy, which has
been given, receives its certain reward according to its nature. Energy that is given
moves out on that curved and unequal line, and when extended far enough, can only
return to its source bearing its appropriate gifts.

The Law Of One
This Awareness indicates all is one; there is The Law Of One and all reside within this
Law: That all souls are cells of the body of this Awareness; and when this Law is
obeyed, there is no need for any entity to struggle or compete; for this is likened unto
the parts of one's body fighting the other parts of one's body, and in general the body
being at war with itself.

With The Law Of One you may be at peace in the body of this Awareness. This
Awareness indicates The Law Of One is a fixed and universal law in which those who
understand The Law Of One realize that all is one, and all that appears to be separate
will, in the end, be nothing but an illusion to those who followed the path of
separateness which appeared as scattered fragments. This Awareness indicates
wherein the universe is one totality and entities recognize that wholly universe, then
entities may move into that universal harmony.

The Law Of Karma
The Law Of karma is that Law wherein entities arrange within themselves, on any
level, to make just payment for any action committed that affects the welfare of
oneself or another. The Law Of Karma is irrevocable and may be depended upon to
bring those who stray from The Law Of Unity back into balance through this Divine
Justice of the Universe.

The Law Of Karma (Simplified)
This Awareness indicates the principle, rule or "Law" of Karma, is that principle
associated with cause and effect; it is the result that comes from an action, this can
be positive or negative. Karma can be perceived as "Good" or "Bad", but in reality is
nothing more than the result of an action taken. It is not a punishment nor a reward,
it is a result. Only the "Law of Grace", which is administered by Divine Intervention,
can alter the result of an action to overcome The Law Of Karma or Cause and Effect.
The Law Of Patience
The Law Of Patience states that all things must have their time and their season
whereby they may work their action to proper fruition.

The Law Of Respect
The Law Of Respect is that principle of looking twice, or more precisely, looking twice
as deeply; for respect goes beyond the surface appearance and superficial glances to
discover a deeper meaning, purpose or basis for discovery.

Without the principle of respect, the Book of Love will never be read, the Tree of Life
will never be seen in full bloom, and the thousands of rainbows of the Land of Essence
will never be viewed. But with The Law Of Respect in action, the mysteries of the
Universe, or any part, will open layer after layer, like the unfolding of a thousand
petaled lotus.

The Law Of Example
The Law Of Example states that any person, concept or thing which is placed in a
position of significance, may serve as an example for others to follow. Those who
have served as examples of power, lust and greed, have helped to create the
tragedies which they and their followers have spawned.

Those who have served as examples of love, service and the sharing of their better
parts, have helped to bring about freedom, joy, beauty and peace that has been
allowed upon this plane. Entities who wish a better world are cautioned to exemplify
and portray only those better qualities of love, joy, peace and service to others,
particularly to the children who are searching for examples in their world.

The Law Of Tolerance
The Law Of Tolerance is that Law which recognizes the divinity in others even when
covered by their masks and armor of demonic imagery and activities, or hidden
behind the walls of apparent ignorance, sleep, and stupidity; or residing in the bowels
of lust, greed, and power. The Law Of Tolerance is that law which allows one to speak
through these walls and barriers to the divine God-Cell which lies buried behind these
outer layers, and awaits liberation from the deep confines and imprisonment at the
center of the self. This Awareness suggests you are all gods, and must in time learn to
speak to each other as though you were addressing gods.

The Law Of Awareness
This Awareness indicates there is that Law Of Awareness wherein this Awareness may
observe which is the illusion of separateness, yet not to be confused by this illusion;
whereby this Awareness may be aware of the illusion of tragedy, yet not to be caught
in that illusion; whereby this Awareness may be aware of that which is the illusion of
death, yet not to be caught in that illusion, whereby this Awareness may observe that
which is the illusion of free will, yet not to be caught in that illusion.

There are certain limitations placed upon this Awareness which It cannot break. One
of these being It cannot break Its own principles and Laws; It cannot deny or reject
those who would appear to separate themselves from this Awareness nor the
movement and illusion of free will whereby they would do so.

The Law Of Unity
The Law Of Unity is that Law which recognizes no separateness, which ignores the
appearance and seemingness of separateness in the apparent divisions of polarities,
gender, cause and effects, the part and the whole, the one and the many; but
realizing these each as integrated parts of the total picture. The Law Of Unity
identifies with the over-all viewpoint and sees neither night nor day, but the night-
day process; neither right or wrong, but the right-wrong process; neither the pleasure
nor the pain, but the pleasure-pain process; neither the one nor the all, but the At-
One-Ment process of the ALL One Being, whose cells and souls work together even in
the seemingness of division.

The Law Of Unity acknowledge such division, but stresses the oneness of the parts.
The Law Of Unity sees loss and gain, life and death nothing but the spinning wheel of
fortune that is based on The Law Of Change, which is itself a unified process known as
The Law Of Magic.

The Law Of Eternal Unfulfillment
The Law Of Eternal Unfulfillment states that there never can be completion or
fulfillment in any moment. For if there were, there would be no further movement;
and as each moment contains within itself all that is essential for that moment, so
also each moment contains within itself an emptiness, an unfulfillment that is
essential and necessary to lead into the next moment.

The Law Of Eternal Unfulfillment states that every moment has something missing and
is incomplete, and every moment has something that is present, total and complete;
and when one accept this Law of Eternal Unfulfillment, the greed-creating obsession
to be fulfilled will ceased to be.

The Law Of Honesty
This Awareness indicates The Law Of Honesty is that Law which sees things as they
are, without an attempt to alter that which is seen, either for purposes of advantage
or out of fear.

The Law Of The Tao (Pronouced "Dow")
This Awareness indicates that The Law Of the Tao is that Law which sees time as a
screen upon which all things are projected and all movements upon that screen are
moments in the Here and Now. Any entity who is attuned to the Tao is more alive for
that attunement.

The Law Of Essence
This Awareness now indicates The Law Of Essence. The Law Of Essence states that
what is....IS, and what is, is not changed by any opinions or beliefs about it, but IS
what it is, while it is.

This Law states that actions and motives which are the highest and the best, the most
inclusive and encompassing, the most appropriate and essential, create those
movements that lead to the Gate of Essence, behind which all things are exactly as
they are, while they are, for Essence is the ever-changing truth that was, is and
forever shall be.

The essence is the is-ness of what is happening at any moment regardless of the
length of time included in that moment. This Awareness indicates that awareness of
what "is" is total bliss and total union with the Godhead.

The Law Of The Vacuum
The Law Of the Vacuum states that all material forces of the universe abhor the
vacuum and rush to fill each hole, opening, void, blank page, field of clarity or empty
moment with image, garbage, sound and fury, often signifying nothing so precious as
the original voidness. This Law states that space allows movement, and that when all
space is filled, the solidarity prevents further movement or growth. By reducing bit by
bit the inappropriate and the unnecessary aspects of one's lifestyle one can create the
time, space, atmosphere and opportunities to move, grow, replenish and to rebuild on
a more solid foundation. This Law creates the spaces in which to place only the
highest and only the best with the least amount of energy and expense.

As an example:

This Awareness indicates that energies create a vacuum behind them, the vacuum
draws forth other energies.
That wherein entities move towards the Light, wherein entities move toward higher
spiritual dimensions, wherein entities move toward higher levels of consciousness;
these entities create a vacuum which draws others to fill that void which the entity
left behind, and in this manner when one entity progresses toward higher levels of
awareness, others are drawn toward higher levels of awareness.

The Law Of Co-Creation
The Law Of Co-Creation states that two working in co-creative action have the power
of four working individually; and three working in co-creative activity have the power
of nine; and four working in co-creative activity have the power of sixteen; and one
hundred and forty-four working in harmony can change the world.

Wherein large groups of entities believe and agree on certain images as real and being
stable, this agreement does hold the power of many times that number of energies, if
such energies were held by individuals working separately. Wherein groups of entities
agree upon certain images, these images do tend to manifest and hold their being in a
magnified manner.

The Law Of Reconciliation
The Law Of Reconciliation or the Principle of Reconciliation is that which finds in
differing qualities unifying similarities that allows these differences to be brought
together; to accept the unifying qualities and diminish the differences, so that the
differences in the qualities become less clashing and conflicting and the unifying
qualities become more binding.

This is to reconcile, to find common denominators in things that are normally seen as
separative, and to emphasize and exaggerate and promote those common
denominators, thus allowing the differences to fade away, or fall into proper
alignment. The Law Of Reconciliation allows those things which are normally in
conflict to become harmonious in relationship to one another.

(Source: Celestial Awareness, Paul Shockley, Trance-interpreter, unpublished CAC
General Reading #7-6, 7/22/91)

The Law Of Peace
The Law Of Peace states that Peace comes from within, and is related to the concept
of surrender. But peaceful surrender cannot be to that which is divisive and polarized
or greater conflict will follow.
The Law Of Peace warns that any compromise with forces that divide instead of unify,
that oppress instead of liberate, that harm instead of benefit, will lead inevitable to
greater conflict.

The Law Of Peace allows surrender only to that which brings a total unity by
reconciling the yes and no and other oppositions. Peace is not only found in harmony,
but may be found in conflict when that conflict is essential for the harmony and
welfare of everyone involved. The Law Of Peace suggests that inner peace nourished
external harmony, and grows by increments and degrees even as yes and no are
merged into a maybe, even as you and I are brought together into we. With inner
peace, one can witness harmony even in the midst of conflict. Through this Law Of
Peace a soft response will often put a wrathful tongue to rest.

Source: Celestial Awareness, Paul Shockley, Trance-interpreter, October 29, 1986,
"Writing Your Own Life Script", Discourse #3, THE VOYAGE Newsletter, p. 13, The
Aquarian Church, P.O. Box 1116, McMinnville, Oregon, 97128

The Law Of Justice
The Law Of Justice is likened unto scales in balance in which that which is heavy on
one side must be balanced by that which is equally heavy on the other side. Thus,
when one violates another, the heavier the violation the heavier must be the
balancing weight. This is related unto The Law Of Karma. All things in time come into
balance. Wherein entities put on a heavy karma, they may help remove that karma by
lightening the load of another who has been violated by that karma, if possible, or by
lightening the load of someone who has equally heavy load. It is simply a matter of
weights and measures and this is the Cosmic Law Of Balance, Justice and Karmic
Accounts.

(Source: Celestial Awareness, Paul Shockley, Interpreter, Personal Life reading for
Rev. Robert Hanzel, 1/24/88)

The Law Of Thought
This Awareness indicates there is an old occult Law which entities may benefit from
understanding. This as The Law Of Thought, wherein: energy follows thought; those
who wish to energize, need only to direct their thoughts toward that target which
need energizing.

The Law Of Vibration
The Law Of Vibration states that any vibration which is sent out for good, for service,
increases into higher frequencies as it moves through space, until it returns to its
origin, bringing the gifts of those higher frequencies.
That forces drawing on vibration for selfish purposes of lust, power and greed,
drawing these forces into themselves, will receive vibrations that decrease in their
frequency level, moving into lower frequencies as they enter into one's being,
requiring that the being needs another "fix" of incoming vibration and energy, then
another, and another, as though one were addicted.

Magnetism, the drawing of energy, decreases the vibratory rate while radiance, the
giving forth of energy, increases its vibratory rate. Wherein entities radiate good,
those energies increase into higher frequencies and bringing back good. Wherein
entities send for the selfish energies, those energies bring back, as magnets, the
lower vibrational forces.

(Source; 1977, Rev. of A, CAC)

The Law Of Privacy
It is the Divine Law that every person is entitled to the sanctity of their own privacy.
It is against that Law to infringe on this right of individual privacy. Included in this
infringement would be such things as mind reading without the person's consent or
questioning their motives or thoughts concerning their personal lives without consent.

( Source: The Cosmic Laws & Precepts of Cosmic Awareness, 1986, ACUS).

The Law Of Security
The Law Of Security is that Law which provides a foundation upon which an entity
stands; whereby the entity can select a form of expression that allows his or her best
performance without infringing on the security or expression of others who have the
same rights.

The Law Of Divine Manifestation
The Law Of Divine Manifestation requires a manifestor to believe in the principle that
whatever is needed for one's growth and fruition will be supplied by the Universe, for
whatever price the manifestor truly believes is fair. But the manifestor must believe
he or she truly has the right to receive the manifestation at the price of energy cost
the entity believes is fair.

If it is a worthy request, and the manifestor believes it is allotted at the time of
asking, it will come. A worthy request, expressed through prayer, imaging, ritual or
whatever method, is anything that harms no one, but benefits all involved. It is a win-
win relationship. Anything that harms another, either in the process or the outcome
of manifestation, is not of the Divine and will carry a karmic debt.
(Source; Cosmic Awareness. U.S.S. Channelship, Aquarian Church, Cosmic Awareness
General Reading, Paul Shockley, May 18, 1987. p.6.)

The Law Of Credibility
The Law Of Credibility states that credibility is the ability of entities to earn, receive
and accept credit for what they do, and to refuse credit for anything they have not
done.

Your credibility is the standard by which others may evaluate you to determine how
they will relate to you.

Source: Cosmic Awareness, U.S.S. Channelship, ACUS, Prosperity Consciousness Course
(As received via the Channelship by Paul Shockley, August 24, 1985,) Section VII, p.
56.

The Law Of Authority
The Law Of Authority states that whoever is liable has the authority, and to the
degree of that liability the degree of authority should be given. The author of an
action or work who is liable for that work has the authority over that work, to dispose
of as he or she wishes, along with the liability.

Source: Same as above, p. 56.

The Law Of Courage
The Law Of Courage states that courage is the ability to not only face a danger but to
risk an action to defuse that danger. Fear departs when action enters. The degree of
courage is in proportion to the degree of danger, risk and fear a courageous action
must defuse.

Source: Cosmic Awareness, U.S.S. ChannelShip, ACUS, Prosperity Consciousness
Course (As received via the ChannelShip by Paul Shockley, July 28, 1985) Section VI,
p.51.

The Law Of Money
The Law Of Money states that money is but an artificially created symbol used as a
substitute to store energies borrowed, earned, spent, owed, claimed or exchanged.
To be 'good' money the symbol must be acceptable to others in a society who are
willing to part with valuables or energies in exchange for the money symbol. Each
society may further define its own money and the use thereof.
Source: Same as above, Section VIII, p.66.

The Law Of Poverty
The Law Of Poverty states that to the degree one withholds one's productivity and
energy in hopes someone else will offer theirs instead, to that same degree, an entity
earns and experiences poverty.

Source: Same as above, Section II, p. 16. (Awareness continues indicating nine
additional aspects of poverty, the "Ten aspects of The Law Of Poverty".)

The Law Of Poverty (Part 2)
The Law Of Poverty states that to the degree one withholds one's productivity and
energy in hopes someone else will offer theirs instead,to that same degree, an entity
earns and experiences poverty. A SECOND aspect of poverty comes to any who are
productive and giving, but who fail to properly take hold and claim their proper
reward in a suitable manner. A THIRD aspect of poverty comes to those who attempt
to unfairly claim the energies of another. A FOURTH aspect of poverty comes to those
who squander their blessings, spending their energies in a wasteful manner until they
have spent their time, money, health, mind or other assets and have nothing left. A
FIFTH aspect of poverty comes to those who become so fixated on pinching pennies
they lose their friends, health and opportunities for being penny wise and pound
foolish. Such persons often reject others or good opportunities in hasty reaction and
poor discernment of the situation, thus losing a valuable asset or friend, or they may
fail to avoid someone or something when it would be wise to do so; for not everything
can be accepted or one will suffer from excessive garbage filling one's life.

A SIXTH aspect of poverty comes to those who focus so much on one thing at any cost,
that they fail to diversify and partake of the entire banquet of life and, in the end,
find themselves with a vast amount of one thing, but having little else. A SEVENTH
aspect of poverty is that which comes to those who have been convinced that they
are unworthy or incapable of having anything of value, because they are fated or
destined or "karmically cursed" to be in poverty, and by such belief they accept their
suffering plight. An EIGHTH aspect of poverty comes through the collective karma,
the cultural karma such as: political, environmental, social, natural or geophysical
forces that affect the masses and are usually impersonal to the injured individual. A
NINTH aspect of poverty comes to those who have been attacked by psychic curses
from another, or by one's own sense of guilt from deep within the subconscious mind,
to prevent the entity from having the benefits that would bring happiness. The TENTH
aspect of poverty comes to those who are given everything to make them happy, but
have not learned that happiness must be generated from attitudes within or outer
benefits will bring little or no relief.
The Law Of Grace
The Law Of Grace states that any Divine Being can apply The Law Of MERCY to grant a
pardon to one who has made a mistake, so that the Karma may be set aside. But such
an act of pardon is entirely at the discretion of the Divine Being, and though
individuals may request and seek, or beg, they have no right to demand grace, mercy
or forgiveness, when other karmic justice is their due.

Source: Cosmic Awareness, U.S.S. ChannelShip, ACUS, "Writing Your Own Life's Script",
Discourse #2, Paul Shockley, Interpreter, October 29, 1986, p.10

The Law Of Free Will
The Law Of Free Will states that Divine Will grants each entity the right to direct and
pursue his or her life and the quality of that life as it was presented, so long as he or
she does not violate this same right of others. A right that excludes the rights of
others is other than Divine.

Source: Same as above, Discourse No. 8, p.40.

(for better understanding read our file "The Nature of Universal Will and personal
will")

The Law Of Dharma
The Law Of Dharma is that which may be described as the principle of 'right action';
this refers to that which is universally right, right for all who are affected by the
action.

An action by an individual, a group, a nation or culture is right only when everyone is
rightly served by the action according to their needs and earnings. Dharma brings
about that which may be called 'good karma' or 'right results'.

Source: Same as above, Discourse #12, p.59.

The Law Of Drama
The Law Of Drama is closely linked to The Law Of KARMA (Cause and Effect) and The
Law Of DHARMA (Right Action) is The Law Of DRAMA. The Law Of DRAMA expresses as
the struggle that comes from the action (right or wrong) on the way to the result.

The Law Of Drama
demonstrates that it is not the external result of an action which was of greatest
significance but the inner character growth or decay that develops during the
struggle.

Source: Same as above, Discourse #12, p.59.

The Law Of Tenfold Return
The Law Of Tenfold Return is that Universal Principle wherein gifts freely given for
Spiritual Use return to the grantor good fortune equal to or greater than ten times the
loss. This Law works on the principle that when a vacuum is created it must be filled,
when a seed is magically planted, it will bear fruit greater that its weight and original
value.

Source: Cosmic Awareness, U.S.S. ChannelShip. General Reading No. 85-5-19

The Law Of New Being
The Law Of New Being lessens polarities and reconciles oppositions. The Law Of New
Being reconciles the "yes" and "no", right and wrong, good and evil, and brings the
concepts of God and Satan together in harmonious resolution, integrated totally under
The Law Of One.

The Law Of New Being acknowledges the return of Lucifer to the Godhead or Source
of all Being, and realizes there is no longer a force of evil in the world; that there is
only the echo, the memory and the fear of evil remaining, and that these are also
fading from consciousness.

Those who follow The Law Of New Being are beings who may transcend matter, or any
situation that appears to matter, and may move into new states of being with greater
freedom and energies to create the New World of the New Being; The Unified States
of Awareness.

The Law Of Magic
The Law Of Magic is that Law which creates change. Physical change comes about
through the change of consciousness. Consciousness changes in response to
anticipation. Anticipation results from imagery and preparation, fears and desires,
based on fallacies or facts. Preparation for change, changes consciousness, which
results in physical change.

The quality and quantity of description and imagery, the intensity and consistency of
attitudes and actions, the collective or disruptive energies of others, all work
together to influence the direction and course of the change. Every entity to some
degree, for good or ill, is both victim and master of The Law Of Magic. The Law Of
Magic is an extension of The Law Of Unity.

The Law Of Harmony And Agreement
The Law Of Harmony and Agreement states that efforts to manipulate, trick coerce or
force another to behave in harmony and agreement will only disrupt previously
established areas of harmony and agreement. Yet, even between the most hostile
enemies, some area of harmony and agreement can be discovered when there is an
agreement to discover these areas.

Ever increasing harmony and agreement grows from the mutual agreement to discover
more areas of agreement. This Law is based on discovering harmony and agreement
rather than on its enforcement.

The Law Of Affection
The Law Of Affection states that affection is a beam of love which may light upon a
subject and create an object of adoration. The Law Of Affection holds closely but
with open arms; one wishing to see all creatures free beings by freeing others from
oneself, then from themselves, their fears, their guilts and inhibitions, and from those
blocks that hide their preciousness.

The Law Of Affection possesses not, yet sacrifices nothing of itself, for it gives
without an expectation--even from the joy of giving. As the sun must shine to be the
sun, so affection must be given if one is to be affectionate. The Law Of Affection
cannot be manipulated or controlled, for its only purpose is to give. Nor can it be
possessed or used, but when one's heart is open, it enters and possesses it and uses it
to shine its warmth of love upon the world.

The Law Of Macrocosm And Microcosm
The Law Of Macrocosm and Microcosm is the first Law of infinity.

This law indicates that the whole is equal, more or less to the sum of its parts,
depending on the ordering of those parts. In each living thing, in everything that
exists there is within it some part of the whole. The whole is the grouping together of
each of its parts in a certain order. An analogy is the sea or ocean in comparison with
a drop of dew on the petal of a flower.

The Law Of Freedom
The Law Of FREEDOM is that movement which gives entities the space to expand and
grow in their ability to function in a manner that will allow others their freedom and
space to grow, in order to free still others. Freedom is not a final state of being, but
an ever-expanding action of giving each other the space to create spaces for others,
to create more spaces for still others yet to come.

Freedom may be helped or hindered by laws, definitions, principles, descriptions,
disciplines and boundaries. Universal Laws free each and every one. Any law which
does less is subject to the rule of a greater law.

No one is free until each is free and all are freeing each other.

The Law Of Projection
The Law Of Projection states that the film that projects, depicts, and creates the
events of one's life story, is stored within one's consciousness, and can only be
changed from within. The intimate conversations, attitudes, and the relationship one
has within one's own consciousness, is reflected in experiences on the outer screen of
life; one is both the camera and projector of his life story.

Those who wish to see a world premier of new and joyous experiences instead of
reruns, trash films, soap operas, tragedies, illness and hostilities, must refuse to bring
or to allow such films, concepts or images to enter their theaters or be filed into their
storage banks. Those who seek out, allow, or enjoy filming such trash do surely fill
their cameras with the material that may eventually become part of their outward
life. Those who allow only the highest, clearest and the best thoughts, ideas, words,
experiences and images to enter their studio shall create and project films that show
a life of joy and art.

The Law Of Prosperity
The Law Of Prosperity states that one prospers in direct proportion to the enjoyment
one receives in seeing the prosperity of oneself and others. And that one's prosperity
is denied in direct proportion to one's feeling of guilt for being prosperous, or at the
envy and hostility one feels or witnessing other's prosperity. This Law states that
when one prospers all may prosper.

The Law Of Prosperity works for those who hold images, feelings, actions, dialogue,
and attitudes associated with beauty, joy, love and prosperity, and works against
those who hold images, feelings, actions, dialogues and attitudes associated with
ugliness, self-pity, complaints, envy and hostility toward oneself or any other person,
group, race, or class.

Those who think, feel, act and speak of themselves as being poor and needy must
spend three times the energy for the same prosperity received by those who think,
feel, act, and speak of themselves as being wealthy and prosperous. An attitude that
dwells in depression leads to the way of physical, spiritual, mental, social and
financial depression.

Those who maintain prosperous attitudes, even in states of poverty, are foreign to
such states and will not be allowed to remain out of place in those poverty situations,
but will instead be deported to those prosperous states where such prosperous
attitudes belong.

The Law Of Enthusiasm
This Awareness indicates that essentially, when an entity begins to stagnate and move
through life in a robot type of behavior pattern, the entity also begins to lose
enthusiasm for life; this becomes purely mechanical in nature wherein the entity has
indulged in all the thrills desired and nothing seems to change and the entity does not
progress.

This Awareness indicates when entities move along in actions wherein new discoveries
relating to self, new self-discoveries are made, the entity then purges himself of the
old and brings in the new energies of the discovery. This Awareness indicates this
action increases enthusiasm.

This Awareness indicates that the word "enthusiasm" relates unto Spirit within, and
the Spirit within is that which enhances the life-force factor. This Awareness indicates
wherein an entity begins to lose that enthusiasm, the entity's life is essentially
stagnating, and as the stagnation continues, the entity begins to lose more and more
of the protective aura around the body and around the psyche and the entity begins
to lose more and more of the vitality of the physical and spiritual body.

This Awareness suggests that as this vitality is lost through this stagnation, boredom
and the lack of personal and spiritual growth, the entity's depleted aura tends to draw
in the forces which result in illness or accident or further weakening off the spiritual
and physical body. This becomes likened unto an invitation to the higher forces, the
so-called Lords of Karma*, to take action to remove the entity from this plane.

(* See The Law Of Karma)

This Awareness indicates that The Law Of Enthusiasm is that Law which allows
entities to be filled with Spirit which then, in turn may be used for purposes that can
create greater expressions of Spirit. This Awareness indicates that those who use
enthusiasm for destructive purposes are those who shall reap the whirlwind of
devastation on many planes and many levels thereafter.

The Law Of Reality
The Law Of Reality is that Law which is measured by empirical formulae, which are
set up in relation to dimension. If an object can be seen, can be heard, can be
measured, can be felt, then this object is said to have reality. This is a measurable
idea, something in the dimension of time as well as the dimension of energy and the
dimension of form.

The Law Of Actuality
The Law Of Actuality is a very different idea. It is that Law which exists in the mind
but not necessarily in the material form. It does not have to have dimension. It does
not have to have form. It is what is believed.

The Law Of Thermo-Dynamics
The Law Of Thermo-Dynamics states that a body of higher heat or energy can transfer
heat or energy to a lower body of heat or energy, but the lower body of heat or
energy cannot transfer heat or energy to the higher body of heat or energy unless the
lower body exerts enough energy to do so.

Newton's Laws Of Motion
Bodies of matter do not alter their motions in any way except as the result of forces
applied to them. A body at rest remains at rest, or if in motion, it continues to move
in the same direction with the same speed, unless a force is impressed upon it.

The second Law is made up of two different parts;

A) When different forces are allowed to act upon free bodies, the rates at which the
momentum changes are proportional to the forces applied.

B) The direction of the change in momentum by a force is that of line of action of the
force.

The third Law is the Law that asserts the equality of "action" and the "reaction". That
is to say, that each action has its equal and opposite reaction.

Vico's Law of "Ricorsi"
1) To recur, to return upon the start of itself; to be cyclical.

2) "Ricorsi" is the pure form of reflection; the turning or bending back of mind upon
itself.
The Archetypal Law
The Archetypal Law is that Law which is the prototype for the echoing reflections of
other Laws. The Law Of Archetypes as that which serves as the skeleton or framework
for other laws.

The first Archetypal law as The Law Of One.

The second as The Law Of Two, the third as The Law Of Three.

This Apparent division as never-ending so long as The Law Of Description is in effect.
Concepts and personalities, number, shapes, forms, situations that serve as patterns
for others to follow are archetypes, even as the pyramid was an archetype for the
hierarchy systems, and the zodiac shall be the archetype for the New World.

The Law Of Description
The Law Of Description is that Law which serves as a tool for creative purposes. This
as likened unto the paint brush of the artist, the chisel of the sculptor. Description as
that which carves out images, creates boundaries, creates shapes and forms, creates
limitations, creates confinements, and creates also those concepts which expand
those boundaries to release from confinement.

The Law Of Description knows no morality. The Law Of Description is capable of
creating anything for any entity. This relates unto The Law Of Magic in that anything
described is on its course toward creating a manifestation to the degree of impact on
its description. The nature of manifestation depends upon the intensity of the
collective or disruptive energies involved.

The Law Of Liability
The Law Of Liability states that one is held liable for the use or abuse of whatever
rights one has, and one is held liable for using or neglecting to use those rights. Even
where it is clearly one person's fault, the action of making that person a scapegoat for
misdeeds is seldom in itself a proper solution. For the main reason for finding the
cause of a mishap is to be able to prevent the mishap from recurring.

("The Cosmic Voyage", ACUS, May, 1988, p.6)

The Law Of Responsibility
The Law Of Responsibility states that one entity or more working in a manner that is
responsive to the needs of many does receive energy from those many. The ability to
respond to the needs of others allows that responsive entity energy from all those
who await that response. This relates to The Law Of Co-Creation, yet it is somewhat
different, for one entity who is greatly responsive can have the power of 144 whose
energies are simply utilized for their own personal interest.

The Law Or Principle Of Penetration
The Law or Principle of Penetration states that anything which is looked at with great
attention by great quality of consciousness penetrates to the heart, and then
emanates into all of consciousness.

The Law Of Expansion Or Inclusion
This Awareness indicates that The Law Of Expansion is that inclusion which results
when the definition and description of a part or situation is expanded to include
something else. The Law Of Expansion as that which is never-ending as long as there
is more which may be included by redescribing.

Those who understand The Law Of Expansion will understand that they are more than
a body, more than a name, more than a social being, more than a life of action, more
than a center of a society, more than an observer and an observed, more than a
symbol for humanity, more than the awareness of the earth and solar system, more
than the confines of form: that they are all that is and all that can possible be.

They are what is and what they may include in description themselves. Those who
move from The Law Of Expansion into The Law Of Exclusion or Contraction would
describe themselves as being something less than all that is.

This being an exclusive Law which describes them as being this, but not that;

this but not that; and this but not that until they are almost nothing at all in a
universe of overwhelming forces. Beware The Law Of Exclusion, lest you exclude
yourself from all else into the oblivion of the bottomless pit.

The Law Of Suggestion
The Law Of suggestion states that a statement carries with it an impact associated
with The Law Of Description. When given through certain levels of consciousness and
moments of expression and situations of experience, such suggestions may have a
terrific impact upon the psyche of oneself or another.

(Example):
This Awareness suggests that when a healing is given for entities, that the healer also
gives the suggestion. This Awareness indicates this in particular to these who find it
difficult to accept a healing for any particular length of time or a permanent healing.

This Awareness suggests that when an entity gives a healing to such entities, that it
be stated that "This healing appears to be good for "X" number of months, at which
time other forces within your own psyche are capable of taken over and continuing
the healing."

This Awareness indicates that such a suggestion has that which can be beneficial for
these entities, that this as related unto The Law Of Suggestion.

The Law Of Silence
The Law or Principle of Silence is that which allows entities the space, peace and
time to rest and recuperate from the noises and chatterings outside.

The silence is found within the soul, and is not limited to sound, but also relates to
silence in terms of motion, emotion and feeling. The Law Of Silence contains also the
chaos which can exist in any moment when that chaos is experienced from levels of
non-resistance.

The Law Of The Sub-Conscious Mind
The Law Of The Sub-conscious mind is not able to distinguish fact from fiction. If it is
convinced a false statement is true, it will act as if it were true. If it is convinced a
hot ember is cool, it will not experience a burn. If convinced a piece of ice is red hot,
it will experience a burn.

If convinced you are a failure, it will make sure that you fail. If it receives conflicting
data, it will produce conflicting results. If it convinced that you can do great and near
impossible feats, it will act to make these things occur. It is truly the "Genie in the
bottle", which grants your wishes according to the "commands" you give it in the
"intimate conversations you have with yourself".

The Law Of Happiness
This Awareness indicates that The Law Of Happiness as that Law which states that it
is not who you are, what you do, or what you have that determines happiness, but
how you feel about who you are, what you do, and what you have.

The Law Of Paradox
Is that Law which recognizes the movement of energies in four dimensions
simultaneously. This Awareness indicates The Law Of Paradox as that which combines
The Law Of Cause and Effect along with The Law Of Inertia, The Law Of Microcosm
and Macrocosm, and The Law Of Vibration.

This Awareness indicates The Law Of Paradox does relate to that which is the focus of
attention whereby energies do come together in a collision at a certain point,
whereby that point does create a relationship using The Law Of Relativity as a type
of, as a part of itself, whereby this point in relationship does reflect that which is the
microcosms and macrocosm, does relate to movements which are occurring at a
certain momentum.

This as The Law Of Inertia; whereby an equal and opposite reaction does occur which
moves entities into another dimension on this macrocosmic level and on those
vibrations in between. This relating to the echoing effect of an action.

The Law Of Paradox, seen in a flat plane, would be likened unto a stone dropped in a
stream, and watching the ripples move out. The Law Of Paradox in a cube of space
would create vibrations in all directions, whereby that stone was emanating an
energy, though not being dripped, but simply vibration, and that energy would be felt
in various places within that cube of space.

The Law Of Paradox in the fourth dimensional level as that which occurs in all places
simultaneously on certain vibratory rates likened unto the ringing of a bell which
vibrates every particle of energy within its periphery.

The Law Of Paradox is that which touches into such high levels of vibration and such
dense levels of vibration simultaneously that the entire area appears to be alive, and
whatever is said about one level can also hold true about the next, yet can also
appear to be untrue.

The Law Of Relativity
This Awareness indicates that The Law Of Relativity is but the relationship of all
things understood by the particular viewpoint from which they are seen.

(Example): From Vol. 1 lesson #6 of the Correspondence Course.

...As the experience continues, greater awareness and the desire for more
understanding increases. The entity, the force, then begins to probe into the nature
of those force outside of its own control, outside of its own understanding. This
Awareness indicates as this occurs, the quality of reason, the rational approach begins
to develop.
And in this development, there comes about that aspect of consciousness which
desires to put things in order: to classify, to see things in retrospect, to see things in
in order of cause and effect, in the order of polarities and their relationship to one
another and in the order of relative placement and relationship.

This Awareness indicates that the consciousness then begins to observe from a
particular viewpoint, and that particular viewpoint brings forth an observation and an
understanding of the nature of outside forces which are peculiar to that particular
viewpoint.

This Awareness indicates this as the basis for The Law Of Relativity, which in
simplified terms is but the relationship of all things understood by the particular
viewpoint from which they are seen. This Awareness indicates as the viewpoint shifts,
the relative relationship of those things also becomes different.

The train moving at a particular rate of speed in relation to the entity standing beside
the tracks is somewhat different from the rate of speed of another train passing in
the apposite direction, or of an automobile traveling in the same direction as the
train.

This Awareness indicates the relative viewpoint of an entity looking at an elephant
from the front is somewhat different from the entity looking at an elephant from an
airplane; or the entity from beneath the elephant, or the entity from behind
elephant. This Awareness indicates that each viewpoint is relative, and each is
accurate, and yet the descriptions will be totally different.

The Law Of Leverage
This Awareness indicates the future is never fixed. The future depends on what is
occurring in the present, and a change in consciousness at present will effect a
change in future experiences. This is related to The Law Of Leverage: wherein a small
amount of energy exerted to change the course of events at a present time (at the
right moment) can move mountains in the future.

The Law Of Authority
This Awareness suggests that The Law Of Authority is that Law which states that
wherein the entity who is capable of accepting the responsibility for an act, is worthy
of having the authority to enact that act, to initiate that act. This Awareness
indicates the entity who has authority must be ready to accept the responsibility for
the authorization of that act. This Awareness indicates that there are many entities
who want authority, but who do not accept responsibility that follows the authority
they seek. They want to express themselves, have the authority over their lives, yet
they wish, yet they wish to avoid the consequences for their actions. You cannot have
both ways.
The Law Of Joy
The Law Of Joy is that Law wherein entities experience joy, happiness and inner
peace. Creation is observed by the observer, dissolving the higher and lower selves,
changing all into nameless fragments of the Divine or Selves of the Self of this
Awareness. This act of allowance, becoming One with the Divine, this process of
surrendering is what brings entities the rewards of deep joy, happy feelings and inner
peace. Entities are suggested to view this Awareness as an observer that does not
judge or condemn but sees and accepts everything as It Is, Divine Creator's eternal
bliss.

The Law Of Chance
The Law Of Chance is that Law that results when the Law Of Magic is initiated without
being in harmony with the Law Of Unity. This Awareness indicates the Law Of
Gratitude is that Law which does bring justice and balance for those actions which
occur under the Law Of Chance

The Law Of Substance
The Law Of Substance is that which is likened unto an 'onion' wherein one layer of
description is surrounded by another layer of description, encased within another
layer of description, held in the arms of another layer of description, and embraced
within another layer of description. This onion-like substance does float within more
layers of description and appears to be reality.

Descriptions of any nature intended to change any substance must permeate each
layer, one level at a time, until the entire 'onion' has been touched and permeated by
the new description. At that time the substance will have changed dramatically.

The Law Of Change
This Awareness indicates there is a Law which governs all things, and allows no thing
to remain unchecked, and allows no checks to remain unchanged. That in anything
seen, done, experienced or known, you may look at it and say with absolute
certainty: 'This, too, will pass.' This Awareness indicates this as the Law Of Change.

The Law Of Relationship
The Law Of Relationship states that all parts or partners are in relationship, though
some are close and some remote. A close relationship insists that gears and wheels
must mesh in workable arrangements; all hubs, axles, hooks and levels much be
properly secured according to any function or relationship arrangement or agreement.
Their driving forces must be derived from a common, or compatible, source of
energy, and any new innovations, arrangements or activities of any part of partner
that changes the general relationship, or any part of partner of that relationship must
be noted, acknowledged and discussed, and agreements must be made to allow,
disallow or rearrange the relationship to accommodate that change.

And any part or partner suffering excess pressure, pain or friction from the
arrangement must learn to squeak and moan or gripe and groan until its needs are
noticed, discussed and attended to the satisfaction of all parties in the relationship;
and all parties must have their time for regular lubricating oil of smooth
communication.

For without the oil of clear communication, even the best relationships will generate
friction, grit, grime, dirt, heat, and will grind to a screaming halt.

The Law Of Currency Exchange
The Law Of Currency Exchange states that energy flows like water or electricity in
currents which may be tapped for use elsewhere, may be exchanged for other
energies, or may be stored in containers such as bottles, cups, foods, batteries,
notes, valuables, ideas, bodies, properties, words, monies, contracts, friendships,
banks, gardens, arrangements, music, titles, talents and all other areas of
consciousness - to be used or exchanged at another time or place.

An excess of energies in a container unable to handle it, creates heat, friction,
temper, fever, combustion, rashes, rash behavior, an over-load of the circulation or
circuitry, or and inflamed, short circuited, or explosive situation.

Containers vary in nature, purpose, durability, dependability, utility and adaptability;
they may leak, lose, use, transform, diffuse, absorb or deplete energies. Containers
may give, take or store or deny energies from others, but energy in movement serves
to move other energies.

Energy currents are alive, while stored energy is dead until moved. A few small
energies, carefully placed, can tap into greater energies in such a way that multitudes
are fed, clothed and sheltered, and entire civilizations are raised to higher energy
levels at minimal expense to anyone.

The Law Of Portrayal
The Law Of Portrayal is that Law which states that any action portrayed cultivates the
attitude of that action to the degree and impact of the energy involved in that
portrayal; and, with repetition, can mod and real-life character quality that emanates
and expresses qualities of that action, with all its accompanying feelings, behaviors,
and patterns of expression.
The Law Of Portrayal states that anyone's gimmick, role or characteristic, when
repeatedly used and mastered, may easily become the master of the one who used it;
and may, as habit, begin to use that person or personality. That behavioral pattern or
characteristic can reinforce itself in patterns of belief until an entire lifestyle and
philosophy is built around that role-seed which once originated only as a game, a
portrayal or imitation of something or character who exemplified that image.

The Law Of Substitution
The Law Of Substitution states that a part may signify the whole, a genus may be
signified by a species, a case may be signified by an effect, or vice-versa. That there
can be any item substituted for the concept, or any concept substituted for the item,
and the substituted article, concept or even can affect that which it was substituted
for.

This Awareness indicates action taken upon the substitute can have an effect upon
the other.

The Law Of Chaos And The Law Of Order
This Awareness indicates the Law Of Chaos is that Law which states that chaos exists
when the observing mind cannot accept what is.

This Awareness indicates the Law Of Order exists when the observing mind accept
what is, regardless of the appearance of chaos.

The Law Of Motivation
This Awareness indicates that entities following the Law Of Gratitude, following the
Law Of Motivation, wherein the motivation is the means and the end, may discover
the Law Of Gratitude returning more quickly to them, with greater abundance, the
energy that has been given.

The Law Of Penetration
The Law Of Penetration states that anything which is looked at with great attention
by quality of consciousness, penetrates to the heart, and then emanates into all
consciousness.

(Example):

This Awareness indicates that in the present action of focusing upon these various
projects, entities may not have the capability of following through to the ultimate
end of a project of such magnitude. Yet wherein five of six entities gather together
and focus and penetrate the heart of the problem, and see the solution of the
problem, that energies which has been generated is in movement in consciousness as
an independent being, and that energy also begins having its offspring and
reproducing itself throughout consciousness wherein others likewise being to
experience and see the same results as seen by the original group.

This Awareness indicates this as an explanation of the Law Of Penetration.

The Law Of Correspondence
This Awareness indicates that an ancient axiom of Hermetics states: "As above, so
below."

This Awareness indicates that in ancient times this Law of Correspondence was clearly
understood by entities because entities were not bombarded by thought, words and
ideas to the extent that they are today in this present plane. This Awareness
indicates, "As_above, so below," to the ancient was a clear and meaningful
experience.

For prior to the multiplication of words, where few words were used and the words
were simple, entities knew how to look beyond the words at the meanings, whereby
the words stood halfway between the seeker and the sought and the words
themselves were like signposts pointing toward a city, rather than the final
destination for the questioner, as in present time, whereby the question is asked and
the words are answered, and the answer is the final movement of the mind which
perceives no further than the word which was given as an answer.

This Awareness indicates that for the present mind, this Awareness shall elaborate on
the true meaning of the Law of Correspondence 'As above, so below.' As it is above, so
likewise there is a corresponding action below. As it is within, so likewise there is a
corresponding action without.

As it is in the past, so likewise there shall be a corresponding action in the future and
in the present. Yet these correspondences are not exact; are distorted, likened unto a
reflective mirror which does not have a perfectly flat surface. This Awareness
indicates that as the cycle of one level is in correspondence to the cycle of another
level, so likewise the souls of one entity have a correspondence to the souls of
humanity which make up the cells of the body of this Awareness.

(ED'S Note: For further elaboration on this Law, please refer to Vol. 3 Lesson No. 1 of
the Correspondence Course).

The Law Of Sex
The Law of Sex is that Law which states that all things shall balance themselves out if
left to the forces of Universal Law as guidance and untampered by mind of a
conscious control.

(Example):

This Awareness indicates that wherein an entity can simply be happy with being who
he or she is, the opportunities for interchange between sexes is greatly magnified.
This Awareness indicates that as the opportunities are magnified, the significance of
the act itself is minimized. As the opportunities are minimized and it becomes more
difficult for the entity to have close contact with another from the opposite sex, the
significance is magnified.

This Awareness indicates this as the nature of the dilemma known as sex. This
Awareness indicates the normal way to bridge this dilemma is through fantasy. This
Awareness indicates that there are entities whose experiences are such that
whenever they wish to become less polarized in their masculine or feminine energy
levels, they can easily come together with another and depolarize by sharing
themselves with the other.

This Awareness indicates this kind of relationship generally evolves to the point
wherein such entities no longer even need to engage in sex, the sexual act itself, in
order so relieve those polarities in their own being, but by simply coming together in
close communication can exchange these levels and energies and move into balance
with the other entity and their general situation and circumstances.

This Awareness indicates that wherein this kind of clear relationship with entities of
the opposite sex, or entities close by are not fully experienced by an entity, the
entity then begins feeling himself apart and separated and begins to become
polarized in the masculine or feminine realm of consciousness and seeks to find the
depolarization situation known as sexual intercourse or sexual exchange, whether it
reaches the level of intercourse or not, this Awareness indicates this is the normal
action of universal forces, and as such, is in harmony with universal forces.

That this Law of Sex which states that 'all things shall balance themselves out if left
to the forces of Universal Law as guidances and untampered by mind of a conscious
control. All forces will balance themselves out. Yet, forces of universal proportion
which are controlled by ideals, controlled by desire, by moralities, cultures, feelings
being imaged and brought into being through the male and female principles and
forces, this Awareness indicates this breakdown of these polarities, wherein the 'yes'
and 'no' are being reconciled; this breakdown between the male and female principles
in the consciousness of entities upon this plane and other planes, is that which shall
transform the material plane into a plane of spiritual experience whereby the mind
has dominion over matter.
This Awareness indicates that for this to occur, the forces which have been in
separation, the male and female principles, wherein there was the waiting and there
was the probing, and the action of dominance; wherein the male and female
principles have been standing apart from one another as though there were a wall
separating these, this has created and maintained and held the physical universe as a
material reality for thousands of years, for millions of years, and for billions of years
in certain areas of your universe.

This Awareness indicates that at this present time; these forces are beginning to
reconcile. That for a reconciliation between male and female forces to occur, there
must be that coming together, that sexual interchange between the forces so that all
feelings of difference begin to become less significant and begin to shift and mold and
mix together in a blending of male and female forces, so that the separation is no
longer apparent.

This Awareness indicates this is occurring on the human level upon this plane at this
time. Than there are still many entities who are holding on to their masculine or their
feminine image for the significance in relation to the opposite sex that this polarized
image may give them. This Awareness indicates that entities experiencing extreme
masculine image or extreme feminine image generally have very little happiness in
terms of their sexual experiences with others, for their image does not allow them to
mix with the opposite sex, for they would lose some of their sexual potency.

(ED'S Note:)

For further elaboration on the Law of Sex, please refer to Vol. No. 4 of the
Correspondence Course.

The Law Of Cause And Effect
This Awareness indicates that wherein the individual, the entity, the vibratory rate,
the force, begins to move toward its own personal growth and fruition in expressing
itself through its own will and volition, through its own creative energies, there comes
about a time wherein that force becomes aware of resistances to its energies whereby
the force becomes aware that its energies and its expression is being hindered. This
Awareness indicates that this as the beginnings of the experience of the The Law Of
Cause And Effect.

(For more information on The Law Of Cause And Effect, refer to Sea of Aries, Vol. 1
Lesson 6 in "Who, In Fact, You Really Are")

From CAC 1995-17:

"Karma is simply the law of cause and effect."
Paul Shockley, Interpreter

Source booklet "The COSMIC LAWS" of Cosmic Awareness
