{"created_utc": "2026-10-09T13:19:31Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 26674, "source_ctime_ns": 1790704879668004735, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/d07-002-24369e2dba.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790704879645374887, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/d07-002-24369e2dba.pdf", "source_sha256": "476c394e0e86b582767f60f1fc4e55f32b97c6105e97cbfe9d491e750d011f54"}

Weird and wonderful meet at UFO world congress


          Weird and wonderful meet at UFO world congress
  Weird and wonderful meet at UFO world congress...
           By Michael Shields
      ZURICH, Switzerland (Reuter) - The cross emblazoned on Giorgio
  Bongiovanni's forehead was barely discernible as he stood in the dimly lit
  hall, his back to a giant screen showing what speakers at the UFO World
  Congress called a major breakthrough.
      ``This is a fleet of UFOs,'' the Italian medium declared to a rapt
  audience, white fingerless gloves covering the stigmata on his hands as he
  gestured to a string of V-shaped lights he said were photographed near a
  Russian military facility in the city of Tver.
      The unidentified flying objects may well have reached our planet via a
  ``dimensional gate'' through which spaceships made of plasma materialize, he
  explained as a panel of other prominent UFOlogists looked on in awestruck
  silence.
      Bongiovanni -- who says God has marked his body to underscore the message
  that alien races have accepted Jesus Christ's gospel and are coming to Earth
  to spread the good news -- said he got the photos from Russian military
  officers.
      Their first-ever showing in the West was a highlight of the UFO Congress
  in Zurich this month, and drew high praise from other experts with no less
  strange subjects to relate.
      ``Because of his honesty and pure heart he can open doors that others
  cannot open,'' intoned Robert O. Dean, a ponytailed former U.S. Army sergeant
  major who now tracks UFOs for a living. ``I'd like to have him come to
  Washington and get some honest answers from my own government.''
      German UFO researcher Michael Hesemann was impressed that Bongiovanni had
  persuaded the Russian military to part with photographs that were such a hit
  at the three-day conference.
      ``I get the feeling these officers know a lot more. They are tossing a
  few crumbs to UFOlogists, but they know a lot more,'' Hesemann told 100 or so
  people taking in the spectacle.
      Organizers billed the World Congress as a leading gathering of experts
  trying to smash through government cover-ups and bring the truth about UFOs
  to people who have not only the right, but also the need, to know what is
  really going on.
      ``These experts are here not just to talk humbug, but to present
  evidence,'' said conference organizer Acedaih Dafi, her pink jacket setting
  off her oversized star-shaped earrings and the blue streaks in her otherwise
  black hair.
      But the distinction between humbug and evidence split even the experts,
  who presented talks on abductions by aliens, passed on messages from
  survivors of UFO crashes, detailed artificial structures on Mars and pondered
  the mysteries of the pyramids.
      Virgil Armstrong, described as an ex-CIA agent and extraterrestrial
  scholar, saw great significance in the absence of former U.S. astronaut
  Gordon Cooper from the conference.
      ``Since Gordon Cooper is not here it sends us a very clear signal about
  what is happening right now,'' he said, suggesting Cooper was busy
  coordinating with President Clinton on how to brace world public opinion for
  the imminent arrival of UFOs.
      ``I said three years ago here in Europe that there would be mass landings
  beginning in 1996 and particularly in 1997. And there will be. And there
  are,'' he insisted to reporters.
      Warming to his subject, Armstrong said authorities had recovered the
  bodies of five aliens whose spaceship crashed near Sao Paolo recently.
  Hundreds of UFOs are being spotted every day outside Mexico City, he added,
  drawn by stockpiles of nuclear arms and atomic reactors.
        ``The effects of the photon belt have made all of them unstable at this


d07-002.shtml[28/02/2022 21:29:17]
Weird and wonderful meet at UFO world congress

  point in time and the world government is worried sick because they can't do
  anything about it,'' he said.
      ``If those things go off, it will blow this planet to dust. Since it is
  beyond our means to control, we are of course going to have divine
  intervention in the form of UFOs.''
      This was a bit much for some of his colleagues, but none wanted to play
  down the overall importance of their message.
      ``This is not only the most important issue of our time, it is really the
  most important issue in the history of the human race,'' said Dean, whose
  soft-spoken manner belies the urgency in his voice when he talks about
  embracing the other-worldly.
      ``We are facing the transcendent transformation of the human race. We are
  making a transition into a new species. We are about to make a major step,
  for the first time in our history, out into space to take our rightful place
  in the universe, to find our destiny out there with our family,'' he said.
      Dean loved the opportunity to spread the word among the believers at the
  congress, where people hawking esoteric books, lamps made from crystals and
  New Age music lined the lobby.
      ``I guess what bothers me is, a lot of these people are eccentric,'' he
  told Reuters with no hint of irony. ``But this is real. This is not something
  off the wall.''
      That was the message from Al Bielek, an Atlanta engineer who said he
  began to realize a decade ago that he had taken part in a previous existence
  in the Philadephia Experiment, an attempt to make a U.S. warship invisible to
  the human eye and to radar.
      He and his brother jumped overboard during the experiment in 1943 only to
  be swept up in hyperspace and deposited 40 years to the day later, without
  having aged, at Montauk, L.I.
      Knowing too much about the crewmen who were physically trapped in the
  decks when the ship rematerialised, Bielek -- then physicist Ed Cameron --
  was ultimately stripped of his identity in 1947 and blasted through time into
  a new life.
      ``I was time shifted back into the future. I was age-regressed
  physically, wiped of all memory and then put in with a new family, the
  Bieleks, and grew up all over again,'' the 69-year-old Bielek explained.
      Robert Bauval, a construction engineer who seeks to explain the mysteries
  of Egypt's pyramids, said people come to such congresses not just to hear
  about UFOs, but to address a deeper spiritual need that is unfulfilled.
      ``We are attempting to link up with a much higher consciousness, a
  universal consciousness,'' he said.
      ``But before we do, we have to learn how to speak with this higher
  consciousnes, and I don't think that technology, no matter how much it would
  evolve, would show us how to do that.''
  09:43 02-27-97


                                                 [ Bongiovanni ]
  Size: 6k
  File Created: Mar 7, 1997


d07-002.shtml[28/02/2022 21:29:17]
