{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T10:45:37Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31654, "source_ctime_ns": 1790668475557916228, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/d22-001-0564d56179.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790668475527676372, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/d22-001-0564d56179.pdf", "source_sha256": "bd4a1c92e8131d3b09aaa4e2462106646fa164e1fa2c16e2dd698692129ec64f"}

Tremorous Night of the Death Ray


                               Tremorous Night of the Death Ray
  From: New Zealand Herald, Sat. Jan. 15th 1997, page A15
  News Review
  ---------------------------------------------------------------
  TREMOROUS NIGHT OF THE DEATH RAY
  BLINDING WHITE LIGHT AND PEOPLE     THROWN TO THE GROUND
  -----------------
  Was it a meteor that struck Western Australia in 1993 or something more
  sinister? GREG ANSLEY reports
  -----------------
  CANBERRA - Shortly after 11 pm, in the deep black of an outback night,
  a fireball grew slowly over the Western Australian goldfields and flew
  parallel to the ground, before diving to earth beyond the distant trees.
  The handful of people watching were blinded by what was described as
  "a massive nuclear-sized flash" of white light and thrown to the ground
  by an explosion and earthquake.
  A huge red-coloured flare soared into the atmosphere, followed by the
  appearance on the horizon of a large, red hemisphere - similar to
  "half a setting sun" - three times the size of the moon and lined at
  its edges with silver.
  This phenomenon glowed for two hours across the arid landscape near
  Leonora, a mining town 240km north of Kalgoorlie, before vanishing
  abruptly "as if someone had thrown a light switch." While it was
  still in the sky, an hour after the first fireball, two smaller
  fireballs appeared from low in the south, and crashed to earth with
  smaller explosions and ground tremors.
  Eye-witness accounts were matched by 23 seismic stations operated by the
  Australian Geological Survey Organisation, which reported a tremor from
  the first explosion of 3.9 on the Richter scale. The two subsequent
  tremors did not register.
  The event was officially described as a meteor strike. But was it?
  This week the New York Times, quoting a series of inquiries into the
  May 28, 1993, fireball over Western Australia, reported speculation that
  the phenomenon could have been a nuclear blast. A United States Senate
  inquiry has also taken seriously the theory that it was a test of a
  secret Russian super-weapon able to induce earthquakes a hemisphere away.
  Beyond this speculation of a death ray of unthinkable power lies a
  conspiracy theory wild enough to fit comfortably in either paranoid
  fantasy or "believe-it-or-not" reality.
  Many scientists and defence analysts ridicule the idea but an eclectic
  group of Japanese investigative reporters and Australian and American
  researchers believe the Russians have had such a weapon since 1963.
  They believe that it was tested in West Australia in 1993 in
  conjunction with the Aum Shinri Kyo sect, which is also believed to
  have used an outback station to test the lethal sarin gas used to kill
  12 people in a Tokyo subway in 1995.
  "I think the explosion and the fireball were the testing of an
  electromagnetic weapon, an earthquake-inducing weapon," said Perth
  geophysicist Harry Mason, who has been investigating the cause since he
  flew over the impact area in 1993 and could find no trace of meteor,
  meteor fragments, or even of the crater that would logically be created
  by an impact producing the release of energy estimated to have been
  the equivalent of a 1-2 kiloton atomic blast.
  The West Australian police, who, along with other domestic intelligence
  and police agencies, investigated the fireball and the theories
  surrounding it, concluded it was a natural event.
  So did the United States Incorporated Research Institutions for
  Seismology (lRIS), which was approached during the American Senate
  inquiry. IRIS used seismic recordings of the event from a digital
  station at Narrogin, and compared them with others of a mine blast near
  Kalgoorlie and an earthquake near Norseman, in the south of the state.


d22-001.shtml[28/02/2022 21:31:51]
Tremorous Night of the Death Ray

  While IRIS accepted the possibility that the fireball could have been
  a clandestine event - occurring as it did in a remote area inadequately
  covered by seismic recording equipment and which was subject to shallow
  earthquakes from mine blasts - it decided the most logical explanation
  was meteor strike. But IRIS wants to make further inquiries.
  The theory that it was anything but a natural event rests in the belief
  that for decades, Russian scientists (and, more recently, others from
  the Western powers) have seriously investigated the theories of Nikola
  Tesla, the eccentric Croatian-born genius whose discovery of the
  rotating magnetic field and invention of alternating-current
  generators underpins modern technology.
  Tesla's most important contribution to knowledge, however, was the
  discovery of terrestrial stationary waves, proving, according to
  Encyclopaedia Britannica, that the Earth could be used as a conductor
  and "would be as responsive as a tuning fork to electrical vibrations."
  He was to light 200 lamps 40km away without using wires, and created
  man-made lightning. But it his more outlandish claims, documented in
  laboratory and other papers held in Belgrade's Nikola Tesla Museum,
  which have allegedly captured more recent attention.
  Tesla claimed he could snap the Earth in two, could destroy aircraft
  400 km away with a death ray, and could use electromagnetism to dump
  vast amounts of energy in microseconds on any target he wished. He is
  reported to have developed equipment able within seconds to generate
  millions of horsepower from the input of just a few horsepower, with
  the possibility of transmitting the vastly-increased energy.
  According to Mr Mason, United States sources have confirmed that the
  Russians ignored the scientific ridicule which greeted Tesla's claims,
  and set to work developing an earthquake-inducing weapon. This
  allegedly became operational in the early 1960s. In the early 1990s,
  Japanese investigators say, the Aum sect also sent a team to Belgrade
  to examine Tesla's writings.
  Mr Mason said Japanese colleagues have evidence of a 1990 meeting in
  Moscow, between Aum leader Shoko Asahara, his deputy, two right-wing
  Japanese MPs backing the sect, former Soviet President Mikhail
  Gorbachev, and his KGB chief. At that meeting Gorbachev supposedly
  offered the Japanese their super-weapon technology in return for help
  in developing a second-generation weapon matched to sophisticated
  Japanese computers.
  The outcome of this, said Mr Mason, was the creation of a joint
  Russian-Japanese university in Moscow, ostensibly for cultural studies
  but in fact operated by the Aum sect and employing Japanese and Russian
  nuclear physicists.
  Cold War warrior United States Senator Sam Nunn was sufficiently
  worried to claim the sect had tried to smuggle nuclear weapons out of
  Russia and to have tried to develop them within Japan.
  In early 1993, one of Asahara's deputies visited Russia before coming
  to Australia to buy Banjawarn station, a 200,000 hectare sheep station
  in the outback. It is believed that the sect tested sarin gas there:
  toxicology tests on 24 sheep carcasses and nearby soil showed traces of
  methylphosphoric acid, which occurs when sarin gas breaks down.
  Mr Mason believes there was an even darker purpose behind the sect's
  Banjawarn operations. He said while the sect was 1ooking at properties
  the leader of the buying team spent time away from the owners, and was
  seen using a small portable drill to bore two small holes in the
  ground, connect electrodes to a small machine the size of a fax,
  measure "some sort of parameters" for several hours, then number-crunch
  all night on a laptop computer.
  "I'm a geologist and geophysicist and I couldn't figure out what he was
  doing, because normally when you're surveying you would have electrodes
  along a line, looking at something," said Mr Mason. "You wouldn't
  normally measure a parameter - whatever it was - on one site for several
  hours then number-crunch all night. It was a bit odd."
  Enter the death ray: "US researchers believe what was demonstrated
  (during the 1993 fireball) was the earthquake-inducing power of the
  weapon, followed by a Tesla shield, produced by the same technology."
  The Tesla shield, apparently, is an anti-ballistic missile defence.
  The theory is that as the missile passes through the silver lining of
  the red semi-hemisphere seen over West Australia, its electronics and


d22-001.shtml[28/02/2022 21:31:51]
Tremorous Night of the Death Ray

  navigation systems are disabled. For ICBMs which also have a mechanical
  altimeter to trigger detonation if electronics fail, the red
  hemisphere's electromagnetic energy apparently interferes with the
  isotopes of the nuclear warhead and, again, disables the weapon.
  "The sect needed that remote station to test the weapon to see if it
  would work at the sort of ranges they needed it to work at," said Mr
  Mason. There is evidence from the United States and Europe that there
  are transmitters in Kamchatka (Siberia) and the Russian Arctic islands,
  and very strong suspicions that one of the transmitters may be in the
  Antarctic.
  "It appears that the fireball itself is an enormous slug of electrical
  energy as it travels through the air - a giant plasma ball, if you
  like. They will transmit on two or more frequencies from two or more
  transmitter sites: one part to handle the plasma on to the target;
  the other to decide whether you want it into the air or on to the
  ground, and where you want the energy to release.
  "By interfering with that transmission you can dump massive amounts of
  energy in seconds. Tesla talked about dumping in one microsecond the
  combined power of all the naval dreadnoughts in existence in 1908.
  "We're talking about something far worse than nuclear weapons. This is
  horrific. Apparently there are variations on it, where you don't get
  flash or damage from explosion or earthquake - you just kill all life
  instantaneously in the target area.
  "I hasten to add, that what I can confirm are my interviews with those
  who saw or experienced the event. But the people who are working on
  the rest of the stuff are adamant they're right and these systems exist."
  Move over Darth Vader.

  ---------------------------------------
  scanned by geosas@aol.com


                                            [ UFO Sightings ]
  Size: 10k
  File Created: Mar 22, 1997


d22-001.shtml[28/02/2022 21:31:51]
