{"created_utc": "2026-09-12T06:07:52Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 251866, "source_ctime_ns": 1788531971621119663, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/DOC_0000173968.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788531971612117361, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/DOC_0000173968.pdf", "source_sha256": "15c61deacf70b4ba9ad532c20a7389807d4d39f933fc99ea6e3f6e234311a03b"}

...


                             ELECTRIC TRANSIVIITTING ORGANS AND DETECTION
                                PROCESS HYPOTHESES IN ELECTRIC FISHES
                                                         ·--------,

                                                                                      I
                                                                                                                                                                                     :; __ ...

                                                                                     I                                                                                               ~~·-­
                                                                                                                                                                                     ~~~              .
                                                         4 February 1974                                                                                                             ~~-~--~~---

                                                                                                                                                                                     ~"'<-
                                                                                                                                                                                     «.:--:-. • ·


                                                                                                                                                                                     ~r,r:
                                                                                                                                                                                     ~";   ·- ~
                             Most authors and scholars of electric fishes agree that:
                                                                                                                                                                                     ~· ~
                             1. The anatomy and physiology of the electric organs of different                                                                                       ~
                                species a·re diverse;

                             2. The diversity amohg species strongly suggest that the electric
                                 organ-electroreceptor system plays quite different roles in the
                                 biology of different species. But what is this role is not known
                                .as of today;

                             3. Some classification has been made with regard to their transmitting
                                electric organ as follows:
                                    a.   low resting frequency, high standard deviation of interval
                                         lengths and responding to different kinds of stimuli w-ith a
                                         many-fold increase in frequency and amplitude of the signal
                                         (for example, Gnathonemus petersii),

                                    b.   medium resting frequency, medium standard deviation of
                                         interval lengths, responding to some stimuli with a several-
                                         fold increase in frequency (for example, Gymnotus carapo), ·

                                    c.   medium frequency with little or no change in the repetition
                                         rate of the signal, but with the possibility to stop completely
                                         the discharge (for example, Gymnarchus niloticus),
                                                                                                                                                                                      ~,-_
                                                                                                                                                                                      .......
                                                                                                                                                                                      :::---__, .....
                                                                                                                                                                                                ~.


                                                                                                                                                                                      --~·;.              ..
                                                                                                                                                                                      c;;':~
                                                                                                                                                                                      ... ___ _
                                                                                                                                                                                              -.;..
                                                                                                                                                                                      r~---   .. .
                                                                                                                                                                                      ;;:-
                                                                                                                                                                                        .. .
                                                                                                                                                                                      ~..:.-~:        ._
                                                                                                                                                                                      ~:-~

                                                                                                                                                                                       ~::·-_"·
                                                                                                                                                                                       .:·· ·-


  .-- ·-······-·'· .. ---------   ------~------------~--------   ------__   _...,----~--~----·----   . . . . .- .   ,-----~--.,ft.   ____. , ______ .,.,. ,. ,. __,.,. _ . .   ~~-~...,.,-~--             . . . -- .
----------


                d.   high resting frequency with low standard deviation, responding
                     to a few special stimuli with small shifts in repetition rate of
                     the signal (for example, Sternarchus albifrons),

                e.   species with no known response to stimuli with change in
                     the repetition rate of the signal.

             4. The discharge of the electric organ has been found to be commanded
                from a pacemaker center in the medulla, in most species studied
                until now. (See Fig. 1.) This train of impulses seems to be re-
                layed 1:1 in a nucleus in the medulla and again in the electromotor
                neurons in the spinal cord to be passed through the spinal nerves
                to the electric transmitting organ.


             Some electric fishes have a very elaborate array of electroreceptors.
      All electric fishes have other sensory receptors mostly part of the lateralis
      line system like: temperature receptors, mechanical receptors and water-
      displacement receptors. These sensory receptors are located in the dermis.
      There are other sensory receptors non-related to the lateralis line like:
      acoustical receptors, chemical receptors, olfactory receptors, taste receptors
      and in some electric fishes optical receptors {vision); not to mention equilibrium
      and stabilizing receptors.
             All these sensory receptors, electric arid nonelectric, may work
      separately or in accordance in a hybrid cross correlation information system
      used in social interaction, feeding, swimming and navigation, in offense or
      defense. Because of the multiplicity of use the sensory system is very com-
      plicated using neuronal preprocessings and discriminating filtering systems,
      delay-lines, etc.
             Some electric fishes use passive and/or active object detection systems.
      There are some marine and fresh-water fishes which do not have any electric
      transmitting organ, but have an electroreceptor system. (Marine sharks lil:c:


                                         2
------------------      -··   ------


                                                           ·-


          Fig. 1. Connection between the pacemaker in the brain,
                  the relay nuclei, the electromotor neurons, the
                  electric transmitting organ and the electrore-
                  ceptors in electric fishes.


                                       3
-------------------------

                                                                     -
        Negaprion brevirostris, Scilliorhinus canicula, a catfish: Plotosus or the
        eel Angnilla anguilla and freshwater fishes like Clarias.)

               A classification of electroreceptors can be made from the following
        criteria:

                1.   Autorhytmic. This means that they emit a very low amplitude
                     signal from less than one to a few millivolts. Depending on the
                     particular receptor class it can have a. low repetition rate (less
                     than 100), a medium repetition rate {from 100 to 500) or a high
                     repetition rate {from 500 to 3000),

                2.   Nonautorhytmic.

        or we can divide them in:

                3.   Synchronous. This means that they respond to the transmitting
                     organ in case of a stimulus with a nerve transmission spike rate
                     synchronized to the electric organ.

               4.    Nonsynchronous.

        Another classification could be used as:

                5.   Ampullary organs similar to or identical with the Lorenzini
                     ampulla which has a canal lined with a very high resistance
                     membrane filled with a jelly and communicating to an ampulla
                     with sensory organs.-- The jelly can be high, medium or low con-
                     ductive and accordingly being acid, neutral or basic. There are
                     many kinds of sensory cell formation classes.

                6.   Tuberous or mormyromasts, mostly not directly connected to
                     the surface of the skin. Every mormyromast may have one, two
                     or more sensory cells separately innervated and responding each
                     to different amplitudes (levels) of stimuli.

                Maybe a more adequate classification woul<;l be one taking into account
        the stimuli to which these electroreceptors respond such as:


                                            4
       a.    Conductivity: conducting or nonconducting objects, the level
             of response being more or less proportional to their conductivity
             factor;

       b.    Direction: response of the sensory cells being conditioned to
             the fact that an object is directed toward or away from the fish;

       c.    Form: sharp edges will stimulate some receptors, others will
             be stimulated by round or rounded objects;

       d.    Movement: the change in position or form of an object will pro-
             duce a modulation of the autorhytmic impulses of some receptors
             and will be sensed by the fish;

       e.    Smoothness or Roughness of objects could also constitute a criteria
             of stimuli classi1ication;

       f.    Chemicals in the water may affect the electric receptors and
             their response, we have proof for this.

       Finally coding can be a classification criteria. ·Lissman and Machin.
proposed a

       1.    "Pulse-frequency-modulation" (like in Gymnarchus niloticus);

Watanabe and Bullock proposed a

       2.    "Pulse-phase modulation" (like in Eigenmannia virescens);
                                  ··-

Szabo and Hagiwara analyzed and suggested three other kinds of codings:

       3.    'Number coding mechanism" (like in gymnotidsas: Hypopomus
             artedi ),

       4.    "Probability coding mechanism" (like in gymotids as: Sternarchus
             albifrons),

       5.    ,.Latency coding mechanism" (like in mormyrids as: Gnathonemus
             petcrsii).


                                        5
----------------


                                                                   -
             According to the first hypothesis "Pulse-frequency modulation" sen-
      sory information should be conveyed by the frequency of the sensory impulses
      dependent on the pulse of the electric discharges.

             The second hypothesis "Pulse-phase modulation" the sensory coding
      is the result of time relation {the phase) on the sensory impulse following the
      electric organ discharge.

              The third hypothesis called the "Number coding mechanism" supposes
      that the intensity of the electric potential field is coded through a single electro-
      receptor fiber by the number of nerve impulses produced by each electric
      organ puis e.

              In the number four hypothesis, called "Probability coding mechanism,_"
      the coding is provided by the probability that each electric organ impulse might
      initiate an impulse in the nerve fiber.

             Finally the fifth hypothesis: "Latency coding mechanism" is explained
      by the fact that certain mormyrid electroreceptors permit a change in latency
      of impulses of the electric organ related to the intensity of the current flowing
      through the receptor. Therefore, the intensity of the potential field can be
      coded by the time relation between electric transmitting organ discharge and
      sensory impulse, the time ranging being as much as 8 milliseconds. For
      variations in the superthreshold field intensity this would be the only mech-
      anism for a sensory organ producing single spikes. The place where the
      latency-shift of the sensory impulse is taking place has not as yet unequivoc-
      ally explained.

             It is worth mentioning that there are electroreceptors connected to
      nerve fibers which would not transmit any impulses without a specific stimulus.
      Other electroreccptors are related to nerve fibers discharging continuously.


                                          6
.. . . .                                                             -
           Some, when presented with stimuli, would increase their electric activity
           and others would decrease it.
                  The first type of fibers are called phasic fibers, the second type are
           called tqnic fibers. Electroreceptors connected to phasic nerve fibers are
           called phasic electroreceptors (i.e., tuberous organs = mormyromasts);
           electroreceptors connected to tonic fibers are called tonic electroreceptors
           (i.e., ampullary organs like the Lorenzini ampu11a) .


                                       •


                                              7
