{"created_utc": "2026-09-07T23:03:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 167121, "source_ctime_ns": 1788552507827432381, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/DOC_0000021997.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788552507821566020, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/DOC_0000021997.pdf", "source_sha256": "8fab53041f7f2aad120191875f2cd7b78ba22304b410f821d4962b559d5d5a57"}

'     .
..• .
                                                      _,..


                            ,PROPOSAL
                             for a
            STUDY. OF THE SENSITIVITY AND RESPOUSE
                    OF WEAKLY ELECTRIC FISH

                                              .
             TO STATIC AND PULSW ·!tA.GNETIC FIELDS


                       submitted by the
                                       PROPOSAL
                     STUDY OF THE SENSITlVITY Arm RESPONSE
                            OF IIE1\1\LY ELECTRIC FISH .
                      TO STATIC AHD PULSED 1·1AGHETIC FIELDS
                                                  ..                          --itp

                                                                                              ...
[•    Bac_k.g~.                                                                               ···-~

            the study of bioelectrogenesis, particularly in the various spe-
       cies bf electric fish, has been of increijsing scientific concern in
      'recent yeurs. This interest stems primarily from the potential use-
      .fulness·of re~earch in. this area in contributing to our understand-
       ing of a number of fundamental and significant problems. By defining .
       the electric fish's unique sensitivity lo electric and magnetic fields.
       and hO\'t it codes and utilizes such sensory information in its detec-                 ..,
                                                                                                ..
                                                                                              (;:
     ·tion and navigation behavior, current evidence is providing a more
       complete concept of such basic questions as migration and territorial-                 r
       ity, and is leading tO\·tard the development of various bionic devices
       in the fonn of undentater sensors and pO\·ter sources. In addition,
       knowledge of the effects of magnetic and electric fields on physio-
       logical and behavioral processes has assumed great importance in view
       of man's exposure to drastic changes in such stimuli during space
      _travel.
           living things produce a changing e~ectric field at and near the
      surface of their bodies; all fish, being sheathed in a conductive
      substance and living in a conductive medium. produce an electric field
      that may be detected at relatively great distances. However, there
      are certain fish which produce electric fields exceeding the norm by
      hundreds or thousands of degrees of magnitude. The electric eels of
      the Amazon can produce bursts in excess of 600 volts. Other electric.
      fish, i.e., weakly electric fish, produce continuous fields measured
      only in milli~olts, but by means of interpreting distortions in these
      fields are able to sense and navigate through their environment to a
      degree comparable to that of other species in which vision is used
      for these purposes. The weakly electric fish, .having very poorly de-
      veloped visual abilities, must depend on information acquired through
      their electric fields in order to survive.
           The magnetic field is a form of energy to which all plants and
      animals are exposed. Its influence on living systems, however, is
      subtle and not well understood. One approach to studying the effects
      of magnetic fields upon behavior is through the use of ~n organism
      which produces an electric field and uses it as a detection and naviga-
      tion mechani~. The electric fish is just such an organism, and a one-
      year study,                                                                         1
            .. _         , J Of s·ternarchU$ a l bifrons" and-so 'l eot6rfw'nchus 1 ... •
      has demonstrated the feasibility of such \'mrk. In-these species, im-
      p~lses are discharged from the tail and received by the head, which
      becomes positive in regard to the tail. This potential difference
      creates an electric field about the fish's body, permitting it to de-
      tect objects through distortions in the field. Several studies have
      shown that these fish can perceive a static (constant strength) magnetic
      field, but only when either the organism or the field is in motion,
       therby generating a current in the fish. It was thought that the
       fish was responding to the current generated in itself by the magnet.
       However, in these experiments the magnetic field was presented a'·
       a static field, and the sensitivity of the fish to a pulsed field
       presented at various frequencies, praticularly the frequency at
       which the fish discharges its own electric field (500-1500 cps), was
       not investigated. Other investigators have shown drastic increase
       in sensitivity to applied A.C. approximating the frequency of the
       fish's discharge. In addition, the strength of the field was not
       systematically varied in terms of the gauss level in the fish's pro-
       ximity. Therefore. there are considerable gaps in our knowledge of
       the degree of sensitivity of the fish to magnetic fields at various
       frequencies and strengths.
f.     Co~eted   and Proposed Research.
           In order to more clearly define the weakly electric fish's
       sensitivity and responses to different types of magnetic fields, a
       study was undertaken on June 1, 1969, in which several individuals
       of S. !lEifjons and ~· leptorhynchus were obtained~ life-support
       techniques developed, and test and recording equipment purchased
       and constructed. The fish were tested in a Y maze, T maze, and
       restraining chamber, and oscilloscope recordings.were made of their
       discharge patterns over time, through variations i~ temperature,
       and in response to various drugs including levodop! in a base-line
       study.
             Thier sensitivity to static and pulsed magnetic fields exceed-
         ing variations in the earth's magnetic fields was observed over
         the following ranges of values: between 1 and 10 gauss with a
         static field; from 0.29 to 82 gauss at 60 cps; and from 10 to 20
        .Ganss at frequencies of 685-1220 cps. depending on the fish's own
         frequency. Apparent negative results were obtained with the static
         field; but the subjects were clearly responsive to the pulsed field
         at all gauss and frequency levels. In addition, a method was devised
         to administer the drug levodopa to the fish in order to determine the
         effects of this agent on their behavior. Two specimens were tested,
         and the influence of the drug on their electrical and overt behavior
         noted. However, the data are not complete enough to draw any firm
         conclusions. Since this study is currently coming to a close, and
         the positive results Nhich are emerging indicate that further study
         should provide very meaningful results, it is hoped that the work·can
     .. be continued. It is proposed that the following 1ines of investigation
         be followed:
            A. To determine the final absolute and terminal thresholds
               of t1e fish's perception of a static magnetic field.
            B. To determine the final absolute and terminal thresholds of the
               fish's perception of a pulsed magnetic field by varying its
               freqaency and strength over a wide range of values.
            C. To determine the fish 1 s sensitivity to electric current, as
               a b~sis of comparison with his perception of magnetic fields.
               In addition, to calculate the current generated in the fish by
               m~~netic fields, duplicate these values with an audio signal
               generator, and compare the results with his performance under
               the other conditions.
. ..                                                          ·.
                                                 . .
                                                      -· ·.
II I.      Ca_pillliti es                                      ·.,                    -···..
                .. -··-   ... -~---·   .
                                staff consisting of 42 full-time and 21 part-time
           employees and four students \·Jor·king for the Ph.D. degree in informa-
           tion science. Of this number of employees, t\-:o have H.O. 's, three
.. ..      have Ph.D.'s and nine have the I-I.A. or 1·1.5. degree or are othentise
           qualifi~d to work at the professional level: The oroposed project
           would be under the irection of
           is· a doctoral candidate in psychology and       .                lis a graduate:
                                                                                                      I
           b_iologist working ':or the H.S. degree in ecology.
                  Laboratory facilities ..~r.~.-~vailable                                       1· · ·
IV.        Plan of Procedure.
                 The work will be accomplished within six months from the effective
           date of the contract. Five copies of a final report will be prepared
           and submitted to the contracting agency.   ·
                                                                                                ·-,
V.         Budget - .§, Month.s.
                  A. Personnel.
                                                                             $


      •.

                     Secretary (3,;)                                                           ·.... ·
                    . ·,~·~·Tot a1 Personne 1 ··
                  B: Fringe benefits* (16.5% S&W)                                     .f
                     Indirect costs (40.00 S&W provisional)
                  C. Consultant fees
                  D. Travel - local
                  E. Reproduction &duplication
                  F. Supplies and expendible equipment
                  G. Equipment
                                       Total budget                      .
                  * The total sala.ry and 'ftage amount shown herein provides for direct
                  laoor effort in the percentages for hours expressed herein for the
                  budget period. The fringe benefit rate is a package rate which pro-
                  vides for several benefits including vacation and sick leave earned
                                                                     I
