{"created_utc": "2026-09-18T19:56:38Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 473996, "source_ctime_ns": 1788527509878441364, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/DOC_0000173689.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788527509862361561, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/DOC_0000173689.pdf", "source_sha256": "8d3ccab1473f375ba2cad4e716782128bc78080da8fe331e095cc2398f0f9d22"}

•         ..                                                      (
    ...
    . ...


                                                               7 September 1971


               NEr-IOru\NDlll-1 FOR THE RECORD
                                                                      ···-----~---···\
               SUBJECT:    Trip Report -·
                           Personnel Incapacitation Contract Status


                     1. This contract was scheduled to terminate 31 October 1971.
               Hol.7ever, as of 31 July only 25% of the funds had been expended as
               compared with a projected 75% expenditure. The Project Officer had
               been made a\vare of this situation as it was a consequence of assigned
               personnel being engaged in the completion of other high priority
               Agency tasks. In as much as the Division had no funds for extending
               the project or initiating follow-on tasks, it did not seem appropriate
               to insist that the contractor maintain his planned schedule. A no-
               cost extension until 30 April 1972 has been requested and approved.

                    2. The essential purpose of tpc visit was to str'ucture definitive
               plans for continuation of the project. The principal investigator
               and his collegues had outlined several alternative approaches for
               discussion with the Project Officer. These included, but \17ere not
               limited to:

                         a. Extensive library search along l-1ith consultant assistance
                     to provide an extensive annotated bibliography in the area of
                     personnel incapacitation. -

                         b. Establishment of Consultant lvorkshops and Ad Hoc Com-
                     mittees to evaluate present and hopefully generate ne\-1 concepts
                     of personnel incapacitation.

                         c. On the basis of available information, to structure
                     psychological and physiological continua of incapacitation
                     from alertness to death. The concept is similar to that of
                     the anesthesiologi~t's "planes of consciousrtess. 11

                         d. A detailed study of a single family of incapacitation
                     methods, i.e., Impact, Chemical, Sensory Overload, etc.
     •.
                                       ---                                         -
.·
          SUBJECT:   Trip Report -
                                                           -~-- ~---   . ·- . ~-   ----- ' ~
                     Per~onncl Incnpncitation Contract Status


               3. On the baois of extended discussions, mutual agreement was
          reached on the follm-1ing plan of action; minilnum effort (10%) \-1ill
          be devoted to continuing aquisition and revie\-7 of ne\-7 documents.
          The contractor \-lill continue to remain .alert to new concepts of
          personnel incapacitation. To date the only ne\-.7 possibilities not
          previously considered by others in this area are:
                   a. Use of            ---------7 as a tasteless, odorless,
               incapacitatingJLaS not requiring an antidote or leaving body
               traces:..      ··· lperson~_!_ arc co::1pletely familiar \-lith the
               use of                           J data from submarine and space
               habitability studies, industrial medicine and other sources.
               lloHever, - l has not been considered in terms of our personnel
               incapacitation requirements. Recognizing the necessity for
               closed space application, the scenarios for which controlled
               concentrations of-- \would be applicable are quite limited.

                   b. The second "new" concept, in terms of utilization for
               temporary personnel incapacitation, is the use of          ·1 as a
               vehicle for transmission of incapacitating chemical agents
               through the skin. The contractor is completely_ a\·mre of previous
               unclassified research in this area .. In fact,                I is
               doing other \-lark for the Agency in the area of toxicology,
               for \·1hich I do not have a -"need to kn0\-1, 11 It is quite possible
               that certain of the contractor personnel are a\-7are of previous
               classified research in the area.                             .     '.
               assigned to this project, has worked extensi.:rely with. ... _\
               and should have the background to rapidly determine it's
               applicability for our requirements.

                  4. It was mutually agreed that if a first appraisal of these
          t\.;ro concepts indicates loH probability of success, work would be
          discontinued regarding                f Perhaps, in the course of con-
          tinuing effort under this contract they \vill generate other pos-
          sibilities. Parenthetically, one of the reasons for letting the
          initial contract \-lith the              _   _ . l•·1as the hope that an
          organization \-lith a medical orientation, looking at the problem
          from the man to the agent rather than from the agent or hard\vare
          to the man, could generate concepts not previously considered.
          However, as indicated in the previous trip report                            J
          dated 18 Nay 1971) "both they and the Project Officer are -a,~are
          that a gamble on net-1 ideas is a high risk investment."


                                           -2-


                                        _ _j
----------------------

                                                                      (
           r                                     1
               SUDJECT: Trip Report -
                                      -----------
                          Personnel Incapncitation Contract Status


                      5. The third and perhaps most significant area of effort,
               assuming the contractor does not generate a major breakthrou:;h \-lith
               a ne\·1 concept, is a systems analysis of potential incapacitation
               ntcthods. The contractor \·Jill conduct a systems analysis of energy
               sources, i.e., impact, light, sound, electric current, chemical
               and others in terms of physical aspects of the agent, delivery
               system, physiological ~nd medical considerations, applications and
               limitations,· and recommendations. Emphasis \.Jill be placed upon
               the physiological and medical aspects as opposed to delivery systems
               and operational factors. A plan for a systems analysis of visual
               incapacitation \vas generated by this office and for l-lhich -------- I
               --·1 have S!.lbmitted a l·Jritten requirement to iritplement. (Attachment
               I). The contractor will utilize this document as a guideline for
               his systems analysis effort.

                      6. In spite of extensive thought and experimentation by com-
                 petent authorities, none have defined an efficient non-lethal
                weapon system. Perhaps, in the course of their \-lark-.·-··---.- .--(will
                 do so. HoHever, if this does not materialize they should still
                meet the essential requirements of their contract, \·1hich as stated
                 in the Bluebook, "this project will organize available data in a
                 matrix fashion so that at any given time one could determine the
                 specific research parameters necessary to fill in the ·gaps to
                 provide required systems • • • to provide        a
                                                             data bank of information
                 concerning the physiological effect of energy sources as these may
                 be appropriate to the development of long range systems." The
               . philosophy is identical to that expressed in Attachment I. I
                 feel the contractor will satisfactorily meet the contract require-
                 ments within the extended time span.


                                                                                     ___.--


                                                     __....   ~


                                                  -3-


                                             _j
,. •.   ..                                                    (


             ATT.i\CH:i\iENT 1

             Rationale for Visual Impairment Systems Analysis


                     Most military and civil law enforcement operations are
             dependent upon normal functioning of the human visual system.
             This fact applies ~o both military and civil offensive operations
             as well as protection or countermeasures against the use of
             light energy by hostile forces.

                     A brief review of light energy utilization to impair personnel
             efficiency indicates periods of heightened research activity followed
             by intervals of casual attention. Such accelerated R&P emphasis
             has occurred in response to battlefield illumination requirements~ ·
             anti-aircraft personnel incapacitation, protection against atomic
             flash, pulsing light to produce confusion and disorientation, develop-
             ment of and protection against laser weapons, non-injurious systems
             for crowd and riot control, as well as in response to other aperiodic,
             urgent situations.

                      In the area of handheld projectile weapons we can specify the
              field requirements, turn to a data bank of ordnance R&D, and at·
             ·least obtain a reasonable approximation of system specifications to
              meet the requirements. However, in the case of light energy and
              the incremental course of visual impairment, w.e do not have such
              a data bank. As a result, we are i.n a position of "fire fighting" as
              requirements arise·or as the--consequence of scientific breakthroughs,
              i.e., atomic energy, laser beams, retro-reflective optics, etc. The
              composition of the requirement is based upon a set of scenarios, each
              of which may have unique parameters, and dictates the type of approach
              which may be most feasible. For instance, typical field situations
              or scenarios for·which light energy has been suggested as a means for
              personnel control are: non-lethal capture of military personnel or
              civil arrest of an individual; dazzling to permit automobile escape of
              potential kidnap victim; to thwart aircraft and truck highjacking; crowd
             .and riot control; and, from the military point of view, the utilization
              of light energy to facilitate stopping moving vehicles by incapacitating
              the driver, neutralizing accurate fire power from a hostile bunker,
              disabiing anti-aircraft tracking crews~' prevention of barrier penetration
              to a secure area, and battlencld illumination. Each of these scenarios
              has been investigated as a unique problem or field requirement without
-------~--   ------


                                                                       (


                      a systematic an:1lysis of the similnrities and differences. Often the
                      response to the individual requirement covers the complete cycle
                      from b:tsic resenrch to production. As a result, the process is
                      lengthy. expensive. and frequently repetitive.

                              1\luch of the inefficiency with existing procedures would be
                      reduced if a systems analysis program was undertaken which would
                      provide a taxonomic base for diverse scenario requirements,
                      approaches. equipment, acceptable risk, etc. For example. the
                      ambient illumination within which incapacitation must be accomplished
                      defines a minimum brightness which must be produced while the
                      anatomical structure of the eye plus the risk of damage which the
                      situation allows define the maximum brightness. The number of
                      personnel involved together with the possible demand for concealment
                      are important in the choice between pyrotechnic devices and optical
                      devices. The wavelength of light emitted and the duration of inter-
                      mittancy of exposure can be controlled to produce a variety of effects
                      appropriate to the degree of risk one can assume in the continuum
                      from dazzle to permanent retinal damage. Utilizing the systems
                      approach, it should be possible to create a framework within which·
                      fragmentary advances can be preserved and structured so as to pro-
                      vide a basis for initiating responses to specific requirements on a
                      timely basis.
                                         ..
                              As a first step an extensive sample of scenario requirements
                      must be analyzed to identify significant parameters and combinations
                      of parameters. This would be followed by a study of the various
                      characteristics of light energy and techniques of uses as they app~y
                      to the scenario parametric classifications. Subsequent development
                      would include consideration of physiological and psychological effects,
                      equipment c;:apabilities, countermeasures, system factors. and other
                      variables which are identified as related to the selection of visual
                      incapacitating approaches for defined requirements.

                               A visual impairment systems analysis as outlined above would
                       not only be of major importance to diverse DOD elements, but would
                      -also provide required data and research guidelines for many specialized
                       Governmental organizations such b.s the LEAA, FBI, CIA, Secret Service
                       and civil law enforcement bodies which should be cognizant of systems
                       for the protection or control of individuals and groups by means of light
                       energy. Such a program would provide a matrix from which efficient
                       and economicrtl R&D programs could be gt"'ncrated (or perhaps~
                       generated on the basis of the systems an:1lysis information) in terms of
                       the applications and requircm0nts of specific Governmental organizations.
                                                                                                                                         ..·, •
               I                       II
                                                     VISUAL INCAl'ACITA'fiON SYSTEMS ANALYS rs·:c
                                                                  ·III                       IV                v                    VI
                                                                                                                                           ..
?otcnti~l Ap~lications           Light Energy                 Visual Sys tem~'n'<       Other System       Equipment        Rcc~~·•c:l~d;:,. tic
qf Lizht Enargy for .          Physical Variablcis               Variables                Factors      . State of Art
 Perso~ncl Control


                               h'avelength                 Recovery Time                User Rislt      Pyrotechnic         1\escarch Rcq.
                               Intensity                   Damage Risk                  Emplacement     Electric Gas        Prototype D.:!v
                               Duration                      Possible.                  Reliability    ·Radiating Body      Test
                               Rise Time                     Temporary                  Logistics       Laser               Evaluation
                               Intermittent                  Pcrnuuncnt                 Covertness      Rc troreflec tion
                               Flash Area                  Component Affected                             Size
 ··:   ·.--------------        Visual Angle                  Lens Filming ·                               Height                           ~-


                                                             Cornea Florescence                            Power
                                                             Tear Ducts                                   Ccst, etc.
                                                             Retina
                                                             Occipital Cortex
                                                           Disorientation
                                                           Pain
                                                           Occulomotor Spasm


                     *    This sequence or format for a systems analysis of visual impairment is not intended
                          to be complet~ or even suggestive of the proper approach. Individuals experienced
                          in the area of systems analysis and competent in the field of physical and phy:.io-
                          logical optics could undoubtedly structure a more appropriate experimental clesign.

                            of the major categories in a complete systems analysi~ should be some sort of
                     ** One                            •                            I
                        a table, chart, or other type of clear presentation relating physiological visual                                -~.


                          impairment to performance efficiency. The \-lord "impairment" only has significance
                          in regard to the efficiency with ~1ich a hostile individual(s) can perform a speci-                             (
                          fied task. Vision may be reduced to 20/400 on the Snellen Chart, but the individual
                          can still shoot a human target at 50 feet. In. other words, somewhere in the systems
                          analysis light energy, physiological impairment and certain classes of task decrement
                          must be related.


                                                I
