{"created_utc": "2026-09-13T16:35:50Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 311753, "source_ctime_ns": 1788564958694175901, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Earthquest-News---1999---Vol-3-No-4.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788564958684203476, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Earthquest-News---1999---Vol-3-No-4.pdf", "source_sha256": "8b5256998661c016ada07bd477c60d097adddf90bb4a5d87d1aefc7bffb26cf5"}

EARTHQUEST NEWS
A Newsletter from Andrew Collins. Vol. 3, No. 4, Autumn 1999
Welcome to Earthquest News, sent free to anyone who wants information regarding the latest news, events and
publications on the historical research of myself and my colleagues.
       As many of you will know, I have spent the last 18 months writing a book entitled GATEWAY TO
ATLANTIS. It has been a difficult and problematic book, but I am very proud of the finished result and feel it to
be potentially the best thing I have ever done. It contains an absorbing, and somewhat controversial, introduction
by Egyptologist DavidRohl, the author of A TEST OF TIME and LEGEND and the archaeological
correspondent for THE EXPRESS newspaper. I have been asked by the publishers not to reveal the book's plot
just yet. Indeed, my proposed location for Plato's Atlantic Island is being kept a closely guarded secret and not
even the book's cover blurb gives anything away (an interesting marketing ploy which I hope works!). Obviously
I am itching to tell you what's going on, but will suffice for the moment by simply introducing the subject in
question.
        To date thousands of books and articles have appeared on the subject of Atlantis. Almost all of these have
merely played with the available facts and in so doing have ended up wide of the mark when arriving at a final
solution (with some notable exceptions, as you will see). I firmly believe that I have tackled the subject in a
manner not before attempted and drawn together all available evidence to produce what is arguably the most
realistic answer to the mystery without departing from the basic essentials of the story line presented by Plato
2350 years ago. It was this famous Greek philosopher and poet who first described Atlantis' great citadel,
harbour works, geography, ancient laws and dynasty of kings in two fictional dialogues- the Timaeus and the
Critias.
       Modem theories as to the whereabouts of Atlantis have included the Aegean island of Thera, Minoan
Crete, Great Britain, the cold wastes of Antarctica, the Mid AtlanticRidge and the Americas. None, in my
opinion, fit the picture conveyed by Plato.
       Consider these points: Atlantis once lay in the Atlantic Ocean beyond the Pillars ofHercules (not in the
Mediterranean Sea as some scholars have attempted to prove). Apparently, ancient 'voyagers' were once able to
reach an 'opposite continent' via the Atlantic Island (Atlantis) and 'other islands', which were used like stepping
stones. Who were these ancient seafarers, and what part did they play in preserving the core Atlantis legend
through till the classical age? More importantly, could the 'opposite continent' be a reference to the Americas,
and if so could the 'other islands' be thus identified? Plato asserts that the kings or princes of Atlantis ruled over
a series of oceanic islands, and that sometime after the Atlantean aggressor was defeated by the Athenian navy
(unquestionably a late invention, since Athens was not founded untill500 BC) an almighty cataclysm devastated
its main island. Could we identify this major natural catastrophe, and if so how might it have affected the region
proposed for the geographical location of the Atlantic Island?
       Where Atlantis had once stood was in Plato's day an impassable sea of mud and shoals (even though the
fate of its accompanying islands is never made clear). The same shallow sea is alluded to by other classical
writers, and they provide us with further information as to its description. It was said to be calm and covered to
no great depth by seaweed. The fifth-century BC Carthaginian sea-captain Himilco recorded that it could not be
crossed in four months! I would not be the first modem writer to suggest that the classical writers were in fact
alluding to the Sargasso Sea, which falls between the various ocean currents that encircle the North Atlantic and
stretch between the Azores and the Bahamas. Yet might Plato have also been alluding to real shoals and
shallows located somewhere in the vicinity of the Sargasso Sea? Was this knowledge brought back to the ancient
world by ancient mariners who ventured beyond the Pillars ofHercules? Could this have been the true source
behind the core legends reflected in Plato's Atlantis narrative?
       These are just some of the enigmas that GATEWAY TO ATLANTIS sets out to investigate. It is a
historical quest which features such subjects as the cocaine mummies of Egypt, evidence for trans-oceanic
contact in ancient times, the discovery ofRoman wrecks off the coast of the Americas, the origins of the Olmec
and Maya, and the identity of the Feathered Serpents said to have founded Mesoamerican civilisation. This final
revelation is set to be of immense interest to readers of my last two books.
        At 420 pages in length, including 20 illustrations, 45 plate pictures and 30 pages of notes and references
and a 1 0-page bibliography, GATEWAY TO ATLANTIS is unquestionably the most in depth study ever
undertaken into the mystery of Atlantis (it is certainly the longest as far as I know!). David Rohl has openly
stated that in his opinion GATEWAY TO ATLANTIS is set to become the definitive work on the subject. Yet be
prepared to discard certain sacred cows that Atlantologists have held dear since the publication in 1882 of
Ignatius Donnelly's ATLANTIS- TilE ANTEDILUVIAN WORLD. Traditionalists are in for a shock! There
will be more about the new book in the next mail out, scheduled for February.

QUESTING CONFERENCE
We are now nearing what is arguably going to be one of the greatest events of its kind ever to take place in the
United Kingdom. The 1999 Questing Conference will not only draw together an impressive line-up of speakers,
but in the lead up to the millennium it will become the last great forum to debate the mysteries of Giza..
        In recent months we have seen the release of two books which have seriously criticised many of the
current theories regarding the origins of the Giza monuments proposed by 'new age archaeologists' such as John
Anthony West, Robert Temple, Graham Hancock, RobertBauval and myself. I speak of Lynn Picknett and Clive
Prince's TilE STARGATE CONSPIRACY (LittleBrown, 1999} and Ian Lawton and Chris Ogilvie Herald's
GIZA: TilE TRUTH (Vrrgin, 1999}. Among the theories brought into question include the astronomical
alignments of the air-shafts in the Great Pyramid, Giza.'s Orion-ground star correlation, the redating of the
Sphinx monument by Dr Robert Schoch, the existence of the Hall of Records and the Ice Age origins of
Egyptian civilisation. Both books also take a heavy swipe at the methodology and politics adopted by certain
authors of the subject (although I come out of it relatively untarnished).
       Picknett and Prince's book goes on to detail the supposed manipulative influence on 'new age
archaeology' of a conspiratorial cabal whose plans are to advance the idea that an extraterrestrial synod known
simply as the Nine, and synonymous with the Great Ennead of Heliopolitan tradition, is trying to control world
destiny. In contrast, Lawton and Ogilvie Herald's book wishes only to point out the errors and inconsistencies in
many of the books which feature speculative, alternative or new age views on the history of the Giza. monuments
and replace them with true facts about the history, people and politics of the plateau.
      Both books make extraordinary reading, although in my opinion it is Lawton and Ogilvie- Herald's
GIZA: TilE TRUTH that has the edge. They make countless points that will need to be addressed by the
principal researchers and writers involved before we can move on to the next stage in the evolution of this
subject. Here is not the place to address the criticisms detailed in these books. All I can say is that some of the
points raised by them will be hopefully answered during the Questing Conference (although one or two are
tackled by Egyptologist David Rohl in the introduction to GATEWAY TO ATLANTIS). I also recommend that
those of you who have access to email subscribe to the newsgroup EGYPTNEWS run by Chris Ogilvie-Herald.
It is unquestionably the best of its kind and updates you on everything new and interesting regarding the Giza
debate as well as other matters in the Egyptological field (subscribe by mailing EGypTNEWS@aol.com).
       Yet the Questing Conference will be far more than simply a forum to refute criticisms and claims. There
will be some very important new lectures which could add greatly to our knowledge of ancient civilisations and
the origins of civilised society. World renowned author Colin Wilson will exclusively detail his collaboration
with Canadian historical writer Rand Flem-ath on a new book entitled TilE ATLANTIS BLUEPRINT, to be
published by Little Brown in October 2000. Colin will reveal how a careful study of the orientation of various
sacred sites worldwide has shown that they were aligned originally to magnetic north prior to a crustal shift in
the earth's axis following a major cataclysm around 9600BC. He will also introduce new research from key
scientists around the world which suggests that civilisation might be as much as 60,000 years old. This is an
exclusive lecture not to be missed by anyone interested in Ice Age civilisations.
       THE ATLANTISBLUEPRINT also reviews the findings of my own book FROM TilE ASHES OF
ANGELS, which concludes that an advanced elder culture known as the Watchers and Nephilim were
responsible for the foundation of civilised society in the Near East -the traditional cradle of civilisation. I am
                                                        '
indebted to Colin and Rand for including this primary research in their forthcoming book. Colin tells me that he
considers FROM TilE ASHES OF ANGELS to be one of the most important books on the origins of civilisation
to emerge in recent years (can I have that in writing, please!).
       Robert Lomas and Christopher Knight will lecture at the Questing Conference on their much talked about
book of recent months URIEL'S MACHINE, which also alludes to a Watcher culture through their own
understanding of the Book of Enoch (although they fail to acknowledge ASHES or the work of the O'Briens). It
proposes that the megalithic sites ofBritain were early warning stations for incoming comets following a major
comet strike in the Atlantic Ocean around 7600BC (after the work of Edith and Alexander Tollmann, Austrian
geologists and catastrophists who have since changed the date to 9600BC). Their interpretation of theBook of
Enoch led them to construct a makeshift calendar site, not unlike a stone circle, which has allowed them to
predict various celestial alignments over a prolonged period.
        All other lectures are outlined on Eden - the Andrew Collins Website (address below). Michael Baigent
promises new revelations, while David Rohl tells me that his own lecture will detail the influence ofMinoan and
Mycenean cultures on Egyptian civilisation. Graham Phillips will speak on the origins of Christianity in Egypt
and the influence of Akhenaten's monotheistic faith on the religion ofMoses and the Jerusalem Church. Robert
Bauval will preview his new book SECRET CHAMBER, scheduled for release in October 1999. It will include
new evidence of a conspiracy involving Egyptian Masonry which originated at the time of the French
Revolution. He will also detail the very latest information on the search for the Hall of Records currently being
conducted on the Giza plateau by Florida State University in concert with Joseph Schor and the Schor
Foundation. They were recently granted a new licence by Zawi Hawass and Egypt's Supreme Council of
Antiquities to conduct fresh ground surveys in the vicinity of the Sphinx and the much talked about Water Shaft
beneath the causeway linking the Second Pyramid with the Valley Temple of Khafre.
       My own lecture will feature just some of the background research that went into compiling GATEWAY
TO ATLANT IS. I will examine the whole relationship between Pharaonic Egypt and ancient Mexico, citing the
facts and the fiction. Ever since the seventeenth �ntury there has been a suggested link between these countries
whether it be in the design of pyramids or the rise of civilisation. I will also detail the very latest evidence on the
so-called cocaine mummies which have baffled Egyptologists since they first came to the notice of the world in a
television documentary screened in 1996.
       Tickets are selling fast for the Questing Conference. However, they are still available through the credit
card hotline or from the PO Box, using the latest flyer. More importantly, a limited amount of tickets will be
available on the day. At £25 it is an event not to be missed. Doors open at 9.30am for a lOam start. Seats are not
numbered, although the venue has an impressive auditorium with excellent sight lines all round. Please note that
there is no parking at the venue. There are, however, car parks in nearby Wobum Place and Bury Square, plus
paid meter bays throughout the area. Despite this comfort (make sure you have plenty of pound coins!), we
reall y do recommend public transport. Come by train and then either walk or take a tube. For those of you
looking for accommodation we suggest contacting Imperial London Hotels, which take reservations for several
reputable hotels local to the Institute of Education. Their prices start at £59 for a single room and £76 for a
double/twin (£36 and £49 respectively for rooms which are not en suite).

LECTURES
In the lead-up to the Questing Conference I shall be giving three lectures in London and Southend with details as
follows:

*Wednesday, 29 September 1999. Talking Stick at the Princess Louise, High Holborn, London WCl, 50 metres
from Holbom tube station. Lecture is entitled 'The Origins of the Watchers in Magic, History and Mythology'.
Doors open at 7pm for 8.30pm start. Admission is £2.20 (£1.20 concessions) on the night. Enquiries to
0171.733.5400 or rebis@easynet.co.uk.

*Tuesday, 5 October 1999. Earthquest presents Andrew Collins at Southend Library, Victoria Ave., Southend­
on-Sea, 50 metres from Southend Victoria station (Liverpool St., mainline). Lecture is 'Egypt, Mexico and the
Mystery of the Cocaine Mummies'. Doors open 7.30pm for Spm start. Admission is £3 on the night. Enquiries to
Karen Deeley, PO Box 189, Leigh-on-Sea, Essex SS9 lNF.

• Tuesday, 12 October 1999. London Earth Mysteries Circle at the Diorama Centre, 34 Osnaburgh St., London

NW1, close to Great Portland St, Regents Park and Warren St tube stations. Lecture is entitled 'Egypt and
Mexico - the Facts and the Fiction'. Doors open 7pm for 7.30pm start. Admission is £2.50 (£2 concessions) on
the night. Enquiries to Rob Stevenson at PO Box 1035, London W2 6ZX.

Tickets for the Questing Conference will be available at all lectures. Hope to see you there.


OTIIER MATI'ERS
Since the full solar eclipse of 11 August, I'm afraid I have become an 'eclipse bore', having been fortunate
enough to witness totality from the Lizard Point. With just minutes to go, the clouds parted to reveal the black
moon smothering the remainder of the sun. The convenient gap remained just long enough for those present on
the cliff-top to witness the whole thing before the clouds closed to hide the sun for the rest of the day. Obviously,
it was a genuine mystical experience and yet due to bad weather I had given up all hope of seeing the eclipse (15
minutes beforehand I was still queuing up for tea!). I should have had more faith as it was the Lizard Point that
had been chosen as a vantage point almost 10 years beforehand. So confident were we that the eclipse would be
visible from this vantage point that my writing colleague Storm Constantine built the setting into her 1997 novel
STEAL IN G SACRED FIRE, which begins on the Lizard during the eclipse. The fact that we had druids in our
company might also have helped matters somewhat!
      As totality began we conducted a meditation which completed a series of events which l:tad begun with
the finding of the Meonia Sword and Green Stone in 1979. Afterwards we conducted a further meditation in the
 Boleigh fogou, which is located close to the Crown of the St Michael Line, near Lamoma cove.
            All I can say is that this now fulfils my own commitment to the on-going quest. Subjects such as the
 Black Alchemist, the Seven Sword and the Meonia heritage are now over and I hope that those of you who have
been there since the earliest days will now join me in moving on to gre ater things.
            People often ask me whether there have been any developments in the Black Alchemist saga (for those of
you not familiar with this subject don't worry - it's too complex to go into in two sentences!). The honest answer
is that Bemard retired from the scene some three years ago and now spends his spare time on genealogical
research. I speak with him here and there but we only really talk about matters such as medieval history and my
own work. He is acknowledged at the beginning of GATEWAY TO ATLANTIS for helping me with research
into Portugal's Knights of Christ. According to him he has had no inkling of any stirrings on the Black
Alchemist front, yet to be honest he has not been focussing his mind in this direction. What might have become
of characters featured in some of my earlier works remains a mystery. All I can say is that everything happens in
                                                                                                                                                                                                 ·       ·

cycles and that one day it might all come around again, so w atch this space!
            It is also strongly possible that at some point in the future I shall write a screenplay based on THE
BLACK A LCHEMIST. It would make an incredible psychological thriller that would give 'The Blair Witch
Project', the new low-budget Hollywood blockbuster, a run for its money any day. All I need is the time, effort
and funds!
            We should never neglect our inner vision as we attempt to expand our knowledge of the past. Each new
piece of the jigsaw provides us with a better insight into the genesis of civilised society worldwide. It is a
sentiment that has been present in my books right from the start. Graham Phillips and I would spend literally
hundreds of hours attempting to understand what influences had come to bear on the past to create the present.
Nexus points in history have always been our concern, and it was with such thoughts in mind that the whole
                                      th
Green Stone episode began in 1979 (20 anniversary this year).
            On the subject of Graham Phillips, watch out for his new book THE MARIAN CONSPIRACY, set for
release by Macmillan next March. Its main theme is the search for the tomb of the Virgin Mary, but the book
also includes crucial new findings regarding the foundations of both the Celtic Church and the Church of Rome.
It promises extraordinary revelations on every front.
            So for now, that's all. Don't forget, order your QC tickets as soon as possible and I'll see you on the day.
Do also visit Eden - the Andrew Collins website for a full run down on the speakers and lecturers. The address is
http://members. aol.com/edenelder/index.shtml


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                                             cu
REPLY COU PON/BOOK ORDER FORM To: A Collins, PO Box 189, Leigh-on-Sea, Essex SS9 1NF
Please send me, post paid, the following items: -


From the Ashes ofAngels, Andrew Collins, 350pp, pbk, @ £7.77 (£8.99 Europe, £11.99 USA &
                                                                               elsewhere)..........................                                                                                  .


Gods ofEden, Andrew Collins, 350pp, pbk, @ £8.88 (£9.99 Europe, £15.55 ($20) USA &
                                                                                                                                elsewhere)............................................               .


                                                                        I enclose cheque'PO made out to Andrew Collins for £.........................                                                .


Name:     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .............................................................................................................................................. .


Address:. . .................. . . . . . . . . . ....................................................................................................................................                .


. . . . . . ............................................. . . . .................. .. . . . . . . .....Zip/Postcode.............................. D ate:..............................               .
