{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T00:40:50Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 51217, "source_ctime_ns": 1790633769300240083, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/filer4.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790633769285963704, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/filer4.pdf", "source_sha256": "0a110909c546ab904df5bd97b976c0347ebd1f742ac42280a9cced69d2d48f43"}

filer


          Sightings Reports from:

                   Filer's Files #23 --1999, MUFON Skywatch Investigations
                   George A. Filer,   Mutual UFO Network Eastern Director,
                   June 11, 1999, Majorstar@aol.com (609) 654-0020
                   Professor Hermann Oberth, the German rocket expert is considered to be one of
                   the fathers of the space age. In 1955, Dr. Von Braun invited him to the US
                   to work at the Army Ballistic Missile Agency and later NASA where he
                   researched UFO propulsion. Oberth stated,
                   "It is my thesis that flying saucers are real and that they are space ships
                   from another solar system. I think that they are possibly manned by
                   intelligent observers who are members of a race that may have been
                   investigating our earth for centuries. I think that they possibly have been
                   sent out to conduct systematic, long range investigations, first of men,
                   animals, vegetation and more recently of atomic centers, armaments and
                   centers of armament production." "Flying Saucers Come From A Distant World"
                   American Weekly, 10/24/54
                   CONNECTICUT
                   BRIDGEPORT -- Skywatch International reports that on June 2, 1999, a large
                   dark gray triangle was observed at 9:53 PM.   A friend saw an object from his
                   house 2 to 3 miles away. The witness reports, "I was on the phone and saw a
                   large gray triangle object appear below cloud cover. When it first appeared
                   the UFO displayed two large white lights, that went dark and were replaced by
                   three red lights on its edges. One of the red lights had a flutter to it.
                   The object the size of a 747 aircraft. The rear of the triangle had one half
                   a circle area cut out of it. It moved from the northeast, and made an abrupt
                   turn to the East without making any noise. The object followed the power
                   lines in area for almost four minutes. While the object was visible the
                   family dog was agitated and barking. The weather was partly cloudy. The
                   object appeared solid and was as bright as a star. Thanks to Skywatch
                   International Inc.
                   CROMWELL -- On June 4, 1999, I was driving east looking towards the rising
                   sun at 5:30 AM. There was a huge brilliant white object hovering in the sky.
                    I normally turn off on a ramp that brings me to Route 9 and north to
                   Hartford, but I drove straight towards the object and the center of Cromwell.
                    At first I was sure it was the morning star, but I knew the object was too
                   large and bright for a star. I observed it for a few minutes more and became
                   bored. So I decided to leave, when the object suddenly shot straight up and
                   was gone. I was wondering if anyone else saw it? This is the third time I
                   have seen a craft like this in the Middlesex, County area. Thanks to Dean
                   Burgess djburgess@snet.net.
                   NEW JERSEY DISC SIGHTED
                   TRENTON -- Ron De Baecke called me to report his sighting on June 7, 1999, of
                   a huge disc shaped unidentified flying object hovering in the sky. He is a
                   retired Army aircraft mechanic and has worked around aircraft most of his
                   life. He and his wife Patricia were driving north on Route 130 near
                   Bordentown, when a shiny bright object caught their attention in the clear
                   blue sky at 7:30 PM. The object appeared to be solid and manufactured with a
                   shiny metal surface. There were no lights visible on the craft. It was
                   positioned roughly over Trenton, the state capital. Ron estimated the disc
                   to be the size of a football field. Although, there was no other aircraft to
                   help estimate the exact size of the craft, both he and his wife felt the UFO
                   was huge. They drove under some trees along the highway and when they could
                   view the open sky again the craft had disappeared. It was just hovering and
                   then it was gone. Ron stated, "It was so big that others must have seen the
                   craft, this is why we decided to make the report." Until this sighting they
                   were not believers in UFOs. Thanks to Ron De Baecke.
                   ELMER – On June 10, 1999, Linda Shirley reports seeing a UFO or more
                   specifically lights over South Jersey. I thought at first I was seeing a
                   very bright star in the late afternoon at early dusk. Linda says she saw the
                   lights for only twenty seconds, they were hovering in the air. The lights


filer4.html[26/03/2022 14:58:08]
filer

                   were bright orange, round, and very bright. Then from a dead stop it
                   descended all the way to the ground, at least it appeared to go to ground
                   because I lost it behind the trees. When it started a direct descent I knew
                   it was not a star. This is the first time I saw one in the daytime. Thanks
                   to Linda Shirley of Elmer.
                   WANAQUE RESERVOIR -- Jim Cleary of New Jersey Sighting's Website has been
                   investigating the recent action at the Wanaque Reservoir. He interviewed
                   Mike who has always been interested in UFO's and stated, "What I've seen at
                   the Reservoir at this point could fill a 200 page notebook. One time I went
                   with some friends, and usually what we see is numerous lights just kind of
                   sitting there in the sky. They are just above the horizon, fading or
                   intensifying in luminosity and ever so slowly ascending or descending in
                   position. But this time the lights are all sitting there, and I noticed off
                   to our left in the sky is a light. I say to them "Hey check it out. There is
                   one over there, and it turned off." Then I look right and I saw the light,
                   but as I went to speak it shut off. So we were surrounded. That was
                   interesting that time! As I said before usually its just lights that sit
                   above the horizon and either fade in or out or go slowly up or down. If you
                   are not patient you can easily be bored, as my friends often do. Cleary
                   asks, "Would you characterize the lights you have seen mechanical craft of
                   some type or do you think the lights are some types of visible energy
                   phenomena caused by the Ramapoo fault?" Mike said, "There is no way I could
                   tell for sure if they are either craft or energy, but from what I have
                   observed it is my opinion that they are mechanical craft." Cleary asks,
                   "Wanaque has many legends of strange things going on. Are you aware of any of
                   them?" Mike stated, "DuPont has been in Wanaque since at least the 60's.
                   There were a lot of incredible UFO sightings, including one where the UFO
                   actually went into the Reservoir and didn't come out for a week. The
                   Governor went to the schools and held town meetings saying that it was an
                   asteroid. Thanks to Jim Cleary at New Jersey Sightings:
                   TEXAS
                   LAKE LEWISVILLE -- Amy Hebert reports that on June 6, 1999, I was in my back
                   yard helping my daughter check on her turtle in our pond. I looked up to the
                   west while talking with my daughter and noticed three, large, bright white
                   lights in a row (horizontal) flying to the west at a steady speed at 1:10 PM.
                    I assumed it was an airplane but something seemed strange about the three
                   white lights. I kept watching it while talking to my daughter. Then suddenly
                   three bright red lights emerged from the left side of the three white lights
                   and flew south faster than an airplane would fly. The three bright white
                   lights continued to fly off to the west until I lost sight of it behind the
                   trees. The first object or the three white lights would have been over Lake
                   Lewisville about the time the three red lights emerged. The three white
                   lights were very bright and unusually big as were the three red lights that
                   were a very, very bright red. The lights were not flashing or strobing. The
                   lights were larger than a dime held at arm's length. Thanks to Amy Hebert:
                   yelorose@swbell.net.
                   NEW MEXICO IS INVESTIGATING COW DEATHS
                   QUESTA -- Brendan Smith writes, No one is sure what killed a calf and two
                   cows last month on the Tres Ritos Ranch, but ranch manager Tom Reed
                   definitely finds the deaths unusual. The last cow was found dead May 23,
                   1999, in a pasture near where a dead calf and a dead cow were found earlier
                   in the month, Reed said. The last cow had its udder cleanly cut off and a
                   deep hole with smoothly cut edges gouged into its neck. Each of the three
                   animals had unexplained wounds and missing body parts, Reed said. The 8th
                   Judicial District Attorney's Office takes cattle mutilations seriously,
                   although no one has ever been charged with the crime, Assistant District
                   Attorney John Day said. Dozens of reported cattle mutilations in northern
                   New Mexico dating back to the 1970s have spawned theories about aliens sent
                   to Earth to slice up cows. Gabe Valdez, a retired State Police officer who
                   has investigated cattle mutilations near Dulce, said he is working with the
                   District Attorney's Office in investigating the recent cattle deaths. Valdez
                   is now a field investigator for the National Institute for Discovery Science,
                   a private organization that has volunteered to pay for necropsies and lab
                   tests on the dead cattle. The institute, based in Las Vegas, Nev.,
                   researches cattle mutilations, UFOs and reported encounters with aliens.
                   Reed found the first dead cow on May 4 in a pasture on the 3,200 acre Tres
                   Ritos Ranch. The cow's right eye and right ear were missing with a circular
                   cut around the right ear extending down the neck, Reed said. "There were no
                   tracks where she was injured or hurting and dragged herself around," Reed
                   said, "She was just there." The calf was found dead four days later in the
                   same area. The calf's right eye, tongue, and rump were missing and the
                   genital area had been cut open, Reed said. The New Mexico Livestock Board
                   investigated about 30 cattle mutilations in northern New Mexico in 1993 and
                   1994. The Livestock Board concluded most of the mutilations were not caused
                   by predators or scavengers, but there was "possible involvement of
                   clandestine Satanic groups." The institute has researched about a dozen


filer4.html[26/03/2022 14:58:08]
filer

                   unexplained cattle deaths in New Mexico or Utah, over the past 3 years,
                   Kelleher said. After conducting necropsies and lab tests, some of those
                   cattle deaths were determined to be caused by infectious disease, accidental
                   poisoning from insecticides, or the work of predators or scavengers. "There
                   are a small handful of mysterious cases for which there are no logical
                   explanations," Kelleher said. Albuquerque Journal, 6/9/99
                   UNITED KINGDOM
                   HOOTON -- John Hayes received this sighting report. The witness stated, "I
                   am from England and on the 2nd of May this year, I saw a blue light above
                   Hooton Leviet near Maltby near Rotherham. It was about 1:00 AM and I was
                   camping in Kings Wood near by and it was just hovering above Hooton. There
                   was no noise and then it moved left and then right and then it was gone.
                   Thanks to: John Hayes jhayes@cableinet.co.uk webmaster@ufoinfo.com
                   SHETLAND ISLANDS RADAR SEES UFO
                   RAF SAXA VORD -- A retired Royal Air Force radar operator reports a strange
                   UFO was captured on RAF radar in the winter of 1964-1965. Dave Ledger of UFO
                   Scotland reports that he recently spoke (for the record) with an ex RAF
                   member who was once based at the northern most Early Warning Radar tracking
                   station at RAF Saxa Vord. The case was also documented by the Royal Air
                   Force. Radar Operators observed a stationary return on their "Type 84" early
                   warning radar, that gained their interest and curiosity. The flying object
                   was observed sitting motionless at a height of approximately 20,000 feet by a
                   "Type 13" radar height finder system. The radar return was a very strong
                   signal that showed up clearly on the radar as a "real structured object."
                   What caused immediate concern was that this particular object could not be
                   readily identified by the personnel on duty. This was during the "cold war,"
                   so the personnel had to assume that this anomalous radar return was an
                   incoming hostile craft. It was now approaching the North coast of Scotland
                   from a northeasterly direction. There was no reply from the IFF
                   (identification friend or foe system) so the unknown was treated by the on
                   duty personnel as a hostile, possibly Russian. The unknown object slowly
                   continued to approach toward the Scottish coast. An QRA alert was sent to
                   the nearest interceptor base at RAF Leuchars in Fife. They scrambled two
                   English Electric Lightning fighter aircraft to intercept and identify the
                   incoming threat. The two Lightnings were vectored, via the ground
                   controllers, towards the incoming bogey. As they approached the unknown, it
                   became aware of the interceptors and climbed vertical, rapidly, directly up
                   and up until it was lost on the height finder radar at about 100,000 feet.
                   The two radar operators just looked at each other, shook their heads and said
                   "NO!" It is a well-known fact that no known aircraft on this planet at that
                   time, had the capability of climbing to this altitude. The anomaly was
                   definitely exhibiting intelligent control and was in his honest opinion:
                   "Not one of ours!" These could have not been erroneous ground returns as
                   this incident took place over the North Sea. The interceptors got nowhere
                   near their targets but the whole incident still remains unexplained. Thanks
                   to Dave Ledger UFO Scotland. Editor's Note: I had a similar intercept
                   experience over England while flying for the US Air Force. When we got
                   close, a hovering UFO also climbed at an astonishing rate.
                   HIGHEST GREENHOUSE GASES EVER
                   Rick Callahan an Associated Press writer reports. A two-mile-long ice core
                   laboriously drilled out of an Antarctic ice sheet shows that levels of
                   heat-trapping greenhouse gases are higher now than at any time in the past
                   420,000 years. As the longest ice core record of Earth's weather history
                   obtained to date, the core also shows that those gases -- carbon dioxide and
                   methane -- play a big role in warming the planet when ice ages end. But how
                   this icy record will influence current theory about global warming blamed on
                   human activity is not clear, the researchers said. The ice core gives us the
                   past, not the future. "It's clear that greenhouse gas levels are
                   unprecedented compared with the previous 400,000 years.'' The core was
                   extracted from 1992 to 98 by a U.S.-Russian-French team at Russia's Vostok
                   research station, the coldest spot on Earth. They stopped drilling about 120
                   yards short of a subterranean lake the size of Lake Ontario that's been
                   trapped for millions of years beneath the ice sheet. Scientists want to send
                   sterilized robots to explore the pristine lake and are protecting it from
                   contamination until then. The new core reveals four ice ages at roughly
                   100,000-year intervals. All four appear to have given way to balmier times
                   after levels of the heat-trapping gases carbon dioxide and methane rose by
                   amounts smaller than the increase blamed on human industry in the past
                   century. The multinational team reported its findings in the June 3 issue of
                   the Journal Nature. They found carbon dioxide levels rose from 180 parts per
                   million during each ice age's height to 280-300 ppm in the subsequent warm
                   periods. This is far below the current CO2 levels of 360 ppm. Methane
                   levels rose from 320-350 parts per billion during the icy interludes to
                   650-770 ppb during the warm spells. Current methane levels are 1,700 ppb.
                   The levels of both greenhouse gases are expected to continue their rise due


filer4.html[26/03/2022 14:58:08]
filer

                   to continued burning of fossil fuels and other human activities. This study
                   is the most persuading evidence to date that humans are making really large
                   changes to Earth's climate system,'' said Jonathan Overpeck, at the National
                   Geophysical Data Center in Boulder. Thanks to Albuquerque Journal,
                   http://www.abqjournal.com/news/6news06-09.htm
                   AUSTRALIA
                   BBC News Online Science Editor, Dr. David Whitehouse reports that: One of the
                   most powerful searches for aliens in space is about to begin from Australia.
                   It will simultaneously listen to 58 million radio channels. "The instrument
                   is one of the most powerful in the world and it's going to sift the skies to
                   look for artificial signatures from other intelligent civilizations, should
                   they exist," says Dr. Frank Stootman, Chairman of SETI (Search for
                   Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Australia and Co-director of the Southern
                   Serendip Project. "This is a very significant experiment that will
                   contribute to testing some important scientific paradigms about the origin
                   and development of self-conscious life in the universe," he added. Right
                   time, right place The search for ET will use the Parkes telescope in New
                   South Wales. The SETI Center has increased the number of radio channels it
                   can listen to simultaneously from eight million to a staggering 58 million
                   channels. Thanks to the BBC 6/9/99.
                   RUSSIA
                   ROSTOV-NA-DONU – The UFO looked at first like Venus, but was much larger than
                   any planet or star and it moves!" A Russian girl has filmed a possible UFO
                   on a camcorder and the film was shown in a direct report to the Russian
                   evening news ("RTV"- Moskva "Russian TV" on June 2, 1999. According to a
                   student at Rostov-na-Donu University, the UFO had a bright spherical form and
                   was transforming in shape from time to time on the television monitored in
                   Lithuania. Zoomed in video of the UFO were shown on Russian television. The
                   announcer asked "Whether the UFO could be viewed at this time?" The girl
                   responded, "UFO is at its former place, I see it." The mysterious has been
                   observed by city inhabitants nightly for the last three days. Thanks to
                   Anatoly Kutovoy, kutovoj@mail.iae.lt who translated especially for Filer's
                   Files.
                   1952, AIR FORCE INTELLIGENCE STUDY IS REVEALING
                   Joel Carpenter writes that USAF's Stefan T. Possony was a visionary
                   theoretician. He would propose a lot of ideas for the sake of analysis.
                   This didn't necessarily mean that because he committed an idea to paper, he
                   was advocating it. His Air Force Intelligence Special Studies Group was
                   organized to look at "out there" concepts. The whole point was to consider
                   ideas that other intelligence components might think were unlikely, if they
                   even looked at them at all. His hypothesis about a possible relationship
                   between UFOs and meteors was just a hypothesis, and I don't think many
                   scientists took it seriously. It's very clear from Possony's other papers
                   that what he really suspected was that UFOs were Soviet secret weapons. I
                   wouldn't get hung up on the statements about cloud seeding, global warming,
                   and UFOs being a possible threat. Possony DID think UFOs were a possible
                   threat - probably from the USSR. The following Secret memo to the head of
                   USAF Intelligence is revealing:
                   SECRET: 1 August 1952    MEMORANDUM FOR GENERAL SAMFORD    SUBJECT: USAF
                   Interest in Flying Saucers. At the risk of boring you with a tedious
                   subject, I want to submit a few ideas which may be helpful in making a proper
                   decision. What are the Flying Saucers? It is a well-established heuristic
                   principle that the unknown must be made intelligible by referring to the
                   known. If we ask the question: "What known phenomena bear the greatest
                   similarity to saucers?" The answer seems to be that saucer behavior follows
                   the pattern of electromagnetic phenomena. Assuming for the time being, that
                   the saucers are a natural phenomenon of some electromagnetic kind, and
                   accepting the fact that saucer phenomena have occurred at infrequent
                   intervals throughout history, we should inquire as to the cause of the
                   increased frequency of the occurrence. (The increase is about 4000-fold from
                   19th-century reports, though elimination from current sightings would tend to
                   reduce this figure). Since the increase in sightings started in 1946-7, it
                   may be fruitful to tie the sightings to events preceding them and of which
                   there were no counterparts at earlier periods. Prior to the upsurge in saucer
                   sightings, the following new activities took place:     1. The carrying of
                   radioactive particles into the upper atmosphere by means of atomic
                   explosions and production; 2. The penetration of the upper atmosphere by
                   guided missiles, new types of balloons, and perhaps aircraft; 3. The
                   production of shock waves at higher altitude, due to the breaching of the
                   sound barrier; 4. The increased output in radio and radar signals, including
                   television; 5. The seeding of clouds for purposes of weather control; 6.
                   The great increase in commercial and private flying. Moreover, the present
                   era is characterized by a general "warming up" of the climate in the northern
                   hemisphere. Furthermore, the solar system may be passing through an area in
                   the universe where there is a great deal of debris and where, therefore, an


filer4.html[26/03/2022 14:58:08]
filer

                   increase in the intensity of the meteoric bombardment may be expected.
                     It is probable that flying saucers are not caused by any single one of
                   these factors, but by a convergence of causes. If the saucers are really
                   electromagnetic phenomena, there is a possibility that they are connected
                   primarily with atomic activities, and that they are caused by the encounter
                   of radioactive particles and small meteors. In other words, they may be
                   ionized air brought about by the entry of very small meteors into the
                   atmosphere. During burn-up of the meteor metal, the natural degree of
                   ionization may be increased greatly through available radioactive particles,
                   with the possible result that after the destruction of the metallic core,
                   there would be a gaseous rotating ion ball subject to movements in the
                   atmosphere. This "interpretation" occurred to me after an illuminating
                   discussion with General Maxwell, and I emphasize it merely to indicate what
                   type of approach the Air Force should take in tackling the phenomena.
                   Incidentally, there was no temperature inversion in Washington for a long
                   time, and therefore, the mirage theory does not explain the latest sightings.
                    What is the Air Force interest?    1. The Air Force continuously will be
                   "on the carpet" as long as no satisfactory explanation can be given. Should
                   the saucer activity increase, pressure by the press and even Congress will be
                   quite considerable. 2.    We cannot yet rule out entirely that saucers do
                   represent a threat.   3. If there is any validity to the assumption that the
                   saucers are partly the result of atomic activity, the phenomenon would tie in
                   directly with long range detection and if solved, might lead to an increase
                   in our intelligence capability... I suggest therefore, that before the ATIC
                   program be undertaken, a very small panel of scientists be brought together
                   and be briefed on the documentation which is in the files right now. Stefan
                   T. Possony. Thanks to Joel Carpenter for obtaining this previously
                   classified Air Force Document.
                   July 2-4, 30th Annual MUFON 1999 International UFO Symposium at Hyatt Regency
                   Crystal City Hotel in Arlington Virginia. E-mail mufonhq@aol.co


                                                        BACK
                                                      Previous Issue

                                                       Email Regehr


filer4.html[26/03/2022 14:58:08]
