{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T08:50:21Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 114979, "source_ctime_ns": 1790413309092218206, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Georgia-Skeptics---Vol-06-No-01.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790413309088156963, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Georgia-Skeptics---Vol-06-No-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "2d26d4742672a0cb2a48b6db7ec095b9a82d406ccc987194f9c37b672ed9be24"}

ELECTRONIC NEWSLETTER OF THE GEORGIA SKEPTICS

  VOLUME 6, NUMBER 1
  JANUARY/FEBRUARY 1993

  ***************************************************************************

                     CONTENTS

  PSYCHIC PREDICTIONS FOUND LOAFING FOR 1992, by Anson Kennedy, Georgia
     Skeptics
  REPORT ON 1992 CSICOP CONFERENCE, by Jim Lippard, Arizona Skeptics
  BOOK REVIEW: _Angels and Aliens, Reviewed by Anson Kennedy

  ***************************************************************************

  Georgia Skeptics is a non-profit local group which shares a common philosophy
  with the national organization CSICOP (Committee for the Scientific
  Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal), and seeks to promote critical
  thinking and scientific inquiry as the most reliable means to gather
  knowledge of the world and universe. Like CSICOP, Georgia Skeptics
  encourages the investigation of paranormal and fringe-science claims from a
  responsible, scientific point of view, and helps disseminate the results of
  such inquiries.

  Material from the Georgia Skeptic newsletter may be used by anyone, provided
  attribution is given to the author and the organization.

  For further information, contact the Georgia Skeptics through the
  Astronomical Society of the Atlantic BBS at (404) 321-5904, or:

      Becky Long, President
      2277 Winding Woods Dr.
      Tucker, Georgia 30084
      (404) 493-6847

  Joining the Georgia Skeptics organization is encouraged because membership
  dues help us to disseminate the results of skeptical inquiries to the public
  and to hold educational events. Yearly dues are $17.50 for individual
  memberships, $21.00 for families, and $12.50 for full time students.

  ***************************************************************************

           PSYCHIC PREDICTIONS FOUND LOAFING FOR 1992

              By Anson Kennedy, Georgia Skeptics

  Early every year, tabloids and other media publish psychic predictions
  for the coming months. Every year, psychics foretell a wide variety of
  events, from the mundane to the cataclysmic. Psychic predictions come
  in many varieties. Some are placed far enough into the future that they
  are forgotten by the time the predictions are due. Others are so vague
  and generic that no assessment of their success is possible. Still


GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  others, while specific, are not surprising (e.g. predicting an aging
  politician will retire). To properly judge the success of an individual
  prediction, it must meet three criteria: It must be specific, unusual,
  and verifiable. Few individuals or groups keep track of those
  predictions, so every year the psychics may make claims of fantastic
  predictive powers with little concern for accountability. For 1992, the
  Georgia Skeptics monitored the predictive success of a local psychic who
  received prominent press in early January.

  The cover story of the January 4, 1992, edition of Atlanta's free
  weekly, _Creative Loafing_, was "In the Stars for '92," subtitled "Bush
  Rises, Braves Sink, Lomax Leaves, and Zell Goes Hollywood." _Creative
  Loafing_'s psychic, Marilyn (no last name given), gave predictions
  ranging from the November presidential race to the traffic problems of a
  local television personality. Her predictions fell into all of the
  categories above, from the vague to the specific and from the mundane to
  the unusual.

  Marilyn's prediction for the presidential election: "The candidates in
  the 1992 presidential race will be Bush and Dan Quayle vs. Bill Clinton
  and Tom Harkin. Bush will win, but Democrats will control both the
  Senate and the House." The Bush/Quayle ticket was hardly ever in doubt,
  so that portion of the prediction was hardly extraordinary. Clinton was
  the front runner at the time of the prediction, so his selection as the
  Democratic candidate was also not extraordinary. The portion of the
  ticket which was "unknown" at the time was the Democratic vice-
  presidential candidate. On this prediction, Marilyn made a clean miss.
  On the outcome of the election, Marilyn made another clean miss by
  predicting Bush as the winner. Her prediction of Democratic control of
  both houses could hardly be extraordinary since they have controlled the
  Senate and the House for most of the last four decades.

  More important than what she predicted for the presidential race is what
  she failed to predict. Marilyn completely missed the extraordinary rise
  to prominence of the third party candidate, Ross Perot. In fact, her
  prediction seems to specifically exclude any but the traditional
  Republican and Democratic parties from the running. So in the case of
  the presidential election, Marilyn's predictions fall far short of the
  mark for success. But she's in good company. Just a couple of weeks
  before the election, psychic Jeanne Dixon predicted that Bush would win
  in a landslide.

  Marilyn had this to say for Mayor Maynard Jackson: "Jackson will face a
  challenging year... The most urgent events will happen around Memorial
  Day, when there will be a gathering of protesters which will spark
  volatile emotions - quick action coordinated between the mayor's office
  and various security agencies will fight for order and finish off a riot
  before it gets started. Again, watch periods around July 3-6, Aug. 28
  and Sept. 10 for demonstrations which cause both confrontation and deep
  community involvement." Well, since the Rodney King trial was scheduled
  to end in April or May and it had been getting significant media
  coverage, predicting protests at "around" that time would take very
  little psychic ability. However, the riots surrounding the King verdict
  occurred on April 29, requiring a very generous interpretation of

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  Marilyn's "around Memorial Day." Even then, though, Marilyn predicted
  that riots would be avoided, another clear miss. What's more, Marilyn
  again failed to predict one of the most critical, for the mayor, events:
  Maynard Jackson's heart bypass surgery.

  For Jane Fonda and Ted Turner: "This marriage will be electric, to say
  the least! ... Miss Fonda will be offered a tempting Broadway role late
  in 1992 which will definitely establish her presence in that medium for
  the rest of her lifetime. Ted Turner will undergo tremendous pressures
  in keeping his empire steady; 1996 will see him making the decision
  whether he should relinquish one part of his realm to others." Most of
  the predictions for the duo were either very general ("..undergo
  tremendous pressures...") or placed years into the future. The one
  prediction for 1992, that Jane Fonda will be offered a Broadway role,
  could not be confirmed.

  For Governor Zell Miller: "Sometime this summer, we will read in the
  paper that Gov. Zell Miller will play himself in a movie being shot in
  and around Atlanta." A quick call to the Governor's office settled this
  prediction. Governor Miller has no plans to play himself in a movie.
  Perhaps she based her prediction on the governor's cameo appearance as a
  "prominent Georgia politician" in the movie Grass Roots. Marilyn did
  not predict the filming of some scenes for the television series I'll
  Fly Away in the Governor's office (which he did not appear in). Another
  miss for Marilyn.

  For local and state politics, Marilyn made very many predictions.
  Unfortunately, the ones she got right were not extraordinary. For
  example, she predicted that both Bush and Clinton would win their
  respective state presidential primaries. She also predicted that DeKalb
  County Commission Chairman Manuel Maloof would retire. Given that his
  retirement has been much talked about over the years, this prediction is
  not extraordinary.

  More spectacular, though, were Marilyn's political misses: "Ben Jones
  will return to the House ... He is to become one of the most beloved
  figures to represent this state in Congress." And "Sen. Wyche Fowler
  will ... land back in the Senate." And "Michael Lomax will gracefully
  step down from his commission position..."

  Marilyn failed to predict the historic first-ever Senatorial run-off
  election which resulted in the upset victory of Republican Paul
  Coverdell. Marilyn failed to predict the redistricting which resulted
  in Rep. Newt Gingrich's winning, not the Fifth District as she foresaw,
  but the Sixth District for another term in office. In short, Marilyn's
  political predictions again fell far short of the mark for success.
  Moving to sports, Marilyn predicted that the Braves would "come in
  third, only to come back in 1993 as World Series champs." Since the
  Braves won the National League pennant and went on to the World Series,
  the worst that could said of them is that they finished second. Marilyn
  strikes out.

  On the Falcons: They "will win their division in 1992." Unfortunately
  for football fans, the other teams were unaware of Marilyn's prediction.

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  The Falcons did not even finish in second place this year. Marilyn
  fumbles.

  Most of Marilyn's other sports predictions were not for 1992, but for
  1993 and so are still safely in the future. For example, she predicted
  that Georgia Tech and UGA will meet in the Final Four in 1993 (and that
  UGA will win in double overtime - this Tech alumnus finds this
  prediction quite extraordinary). She also predicted that 1993 will be
  when the Hawks get their "best shot at an NBA crown." This latter
  prediction is sufficiently vague that almost anything which happens to
  the Hawks might be considered a hit.

  On Atlanta's economy: It "will show signs of definite life by the end
  of March ... The communications industry in all its phases [including
  the film industry]... all converge here. Television opens its eye even
  wider." Atlanta has long been working on attracting Hollywood
  productions; vague predictions of their increase cannot be considered
  hits. The closest that Marilyn came might be the unveiling of Ted
  Turner's Cartoon Network, but she certainly never mentioned it in her
  predictions for Mr. Turner. In any case, Marilyn's economic predictions
  for the year were far too vague.

  Marilyn also made several vague predictions about the homeless in
  Atlanta: they "will gain support" and "the response from the business
  sector will be favorable." Certainly, the plight of the homeless has
  received much press this year and charitable organizations have helped
  them, so Marilyn's prediction that they would gain support could be
  accurate. Unfortunately, as most of her successful predictions, it was
  far too vague to be of any use. In fact, the prediction's relative
  success could probably be attributed to its generality.

  In another prediction still lodged safely in the future, Marilyn foresaw
  an AIDS vaccine by 1995. Time will tell.

  Moving to the world front, Marilyn had some things to say about the
  former Soviet Union: "... there will be a period of unrest ... Look for
  all the negative things we have seen in the transition so far: hunger,
  poverty, uncertainty, lawlessness, etc. But the Russian people will not
  give up." Suitably general predictions of turbulence surrounding the
  fall continuing, but hardly extraordinary.

  Marilyn did have one fairly specific prediction for the Commonwealth of
  Independent States: The czar will return "within three years." We only
  have two more years to wait.

  Marilyn then concluded her 1992 predictions with a scatter-shot of
  predictions for local personalities. No, Marilyn, Rhubarb Jones was not
  in the same movie that Governor Zell Miller appeared in. No, Marilyn,
  Glen Burns did not go to London on vacation. No, Marilyn, Ken Cook did
  not suffer a fall while working around his home, "more annoying than
  dangerous, but [leaving] him quite sore." No, Marilyn, Ken McCleod did
  not interrupt and foil a robbery attempt in progress.

  In all, Marilyn made 113 predictions for _Creative Loafing_. 24 (21.2%)

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  of those were placed in 1993 or later, and so are not considered here.
  Of the remaining 89, 59 (52.2% of the total) were too vague to properly
  consider. The 30 specific predictions were a mix of 16 mundane and 14
  unusual ones. Of the 16 specific but mundane predictions, Marilyn had
  six hits, or 37.5% of the 16 predictions. This is less than we would
  expect from chance. We will now consider the 14 specific, but unusual,
  predictions. Only 12.4% of Marilyn's 113 predictions were sufficiently
  specific, timely and unusual enough to be considered. Of those, Marilyn
  had no hits. We do acknowledge that the decision of whether a
  prediction was unusual or mundane was, at times, subjective. However,
  even lumping the mundane and unusual specific predictions together gives
  only six hits out of 30, or 20%. This is less than expected from
  chance.

  Is Marilyn psychic? We cannot say whether she is or isn't. However,
  based on her success rate of 0% for the specific and unusual
  predictions, we can say there was little evidence of psychic ability in
  her predictions for 1992.

  But Marilyn isn't alone. No psychic predicted any of the major events
  of 1992. No psychic accurately predicted the events surrounding the
  presidential election, from Ross Perot's unorthodox campaign to
  Clinton's victory. No psychic predicted the devastation hurricane
  Andrew wreaked in south Florida last August. No psychic predicted the
  L.A. riots, let alone the riots in Atlanta and elsewhere, in the wake of
  the Rodney King verdict. No psychic predicted the military action in
  Somalia to protect aid shipments to the starving population. No psychic
  predicted the civil war continuing to rage in Yugoslavia, nor the
  ensuing human rights violations. No psychic predicted the U.S. Supreme
  Court would uphold Roe v. Wade this year. No psychic predicted the last
  of the Western hostages held in Lebanon, two German men, would be
  released this year. But each of these events were among the top ten
  news stories of 1992, according to an Associated Press poll of newspaper
  editors and broadcast news directors in the United States.

  -------------------------------

  Anson Kennedy is Secretary of the Georgia Skeptics, and Chairman of
  the UFO Subcommittee. He is an electrical engineer.

  ***************************************************************************

            REPORT ON THE 1992 CSICOP CONFERENCE

              By Jim Lippard, Phoenix Skeptics


  "Fairness, Fraud, and Feminism: Culture Confronts Science" was the
  name of this year's annual conference of the Committee for the
  Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal, publisher of
  the _Skeptical Inquirer_. The conference was hosted by the North
  Texas Skeptics at the Harvey Hotel near the Dallas-Fort Worth
  Airport on the weekend of October 16-18. The conference featured
  five panel sessions on multicultural approaches to science, gender

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  issues in science and pseudoscience, fraud in science, crashed
  saucers, and the paranormal in China.

  The conference began on Friday morning with opening remarks
  by CSICOP chairman Paul Kurtz, who spoke briefly about various
  meanings of the term "skepticism." He distinguished the "total
  negative skepticism and unbelief" of Pyrrho and Sextus Empiricus
  from the "mitigated skepticism" of David Hume and "the new
  skepticism" which emphasizes inquiry rather than doubt. (Not
  coincidentally, Kurtz's new book from Prometheus is titled _The
  New Skepticism_.) He commented on the fact that this conference,
  like the Berkeley conference last year and other CSICOP
  conferences before that, is addressing issues which are not
  directly connected with pseudoscience and the paranormal. The
  CSICOP Executive Council has debated "how far afield" it is
  appropriate for the conferences to go.

  Multicultural Approaches to Science

  The first panel of the day, "Multicultural Approaches to Science:
  The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly," was moderated by Eugenie Scott
  of the National Center for Science Education, who began the
  session by stating that "I believe in objective reality. I
  believe that you exist even if I never saw you. ... I believe the
  nominalist/realist debate is irrelevant outside freshman
  philosophy."1 She began with these statements because there are
  those who disagree, who maintain that consequences of ideas are
  more important than their content and that any idea is as valid as
  any other. She gave some examples from some materials criticizing
  textbooks for lack of an appropriate multicultural stance which
  have influenced textbook decisions in Berkeley, California. These
  materials consist of an excerpt from a textbook, followed by a
  comment, a format which Scott compared to the textbook critiques
  of fundamentalists Mel and Norma Gabler of Texas. Scott gave two
  examples from this material. The first criticized a textbook for
  claiming that the first people in the Americas arrived over a land
  bridge, characterizing this claim as "unsubstantiated theories of
  white anthropologists" and pointing out that "Natives believe they
  have always been here." The second example questioned a
  textbook's claim that horses were brought to the Americas by the
  Spanish, arguing that horses may have always been in America or
  have been brought over by Persians in the 12th century.

  The first speaker, Diana Marinez, professor of biochemistry
  at Michigan State University and member of the National Academy of
  Science's Committee on Standards, commented on "the good."
  Marinez maintained that multicultural education is important even
  in science classes because science and what scientists do is
  influenced by culture. Science is normally taught as something
  isolated from reality, in such a way that students come away
  knowing only collections of facts. By learning science from a
  familiar cultural base, students can recognize the importance of
  science in their lives, become scientifically literate, and become
  motivated towards science as a career. Marinez gave statistics

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  showing the paucity of minorities in scientific fields and argued
  that this is a problem which multicultural approaches to science
  education can correct. She then gave some examples of how this
  might be done using Mayan math and astronomy, American Indian food
  plants and nutrition, and Diego Rivera murals.

  The second speaker, Joseph Dunbar, a professor of
  endocrinology at Wayne State University, addressed "the bad." His
  talk, titled "Myths of Melanin," described the claims of the so-
  called "melanin scholars" that dark-skinned humans have special
  abilities in virtue of magical properties of the melanin in their
  skin. Dunbar described different kinds of melanin in skin pigment
  (eumelanin and pheomelanin) and how they differ from melatonin
  (secreted by the pineal gland) and neuromelanin. The "melanin
  scholars" do not distinguish these things, and use studies
  relating to the latter two substances to support their claims that
  melanin improves reaction time, allows communication with plants,
  protects DNA, converts sunlight into knowledge, and numerous other
  outrageous claims.2

  Bernard Ortiz de Montellano, an anthropologist at Wayne State
  University (with a Ph.D. in organic chemistry), spoke on "the
  ugly." (Eugenie Scott introduced him with the comment that
  "bringing critical thinking to multiculturalism is `the task of de
  Montellano,'" with due apologies to Edgar Allan Poe.) Ortiz de
  Montellano, who has written two articles on multicultural
  pseudoscience for the _Skeptical Inquirer_ and one for
  _Creation/Evolution_, discussed the _African-American Baseline
  Essays_ (also known as the _Portland Baseline Essays_).3 This was
  published in 1987 by the Portland, Oregon school district and has
  been distributed to schools around the country as a resource for
  setting up a multicultural curriculum. Detroit, Boston, Atlanta,
  Indianapolis, and other school districts have had seminars on this
  material, but it is unknown how many are actually using the
  material in the classroom. This material claims that Egypt is the
  source of all civilization, that religion and paranormal abilities
  are important aspects of scientific methodology, that Egyptians
  flew for travel and recreation, and many other ridiculous claims.

  The material on science claims that the ancient Egyptians used
  "Maat," religion as a scientific paradigm, according to which (1)
  there is a supreme consciousness or creator; (2) the universe came
  into existence via divine self-organization; (3) the universe is
  alive, all parts of it are related and are living; (4) man and
  life itself is a mystery; (5) there are material and transmaterial
  causes and effects. Ortiz de Montellano looked at some of the
  specific claims made in the science essay of the _Baseline
  Essays_, showing that the purported evidence for each was weak to
  nonexistent (or, in some cases, actually evidence to the contrary,
  as was the case with the alleged Egyptian "glider" model, whose
  dimensions were such that it could not possibly be flown).

  Unofficial Session on Faith Healing


GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  During lunch time, the North Texas Skeptics arranged for Christian
  critic of televangelists Ole Anthony to speak at the Excell Inn
  next door to the Harvey Hotel. Anthony was one of the prime
  movers behind PrimeTime Live's expos of Robert Tilton, Larry Lea,
  and W.V. Grant. Anthony recounted the various legal tactics
  Tilton has been using against him and stated that his group will
  be filing a lawsuit against the television stations that air
  Tilton's program around the country. Tilton has sued Anthony for
  conspiracy to deprive him of his Constitutional rights under the
  First Amendment. At least one of Tilton's claims was dropped,
  regarding remarks Anthony made about his faith healing abilities,
  when the court ruled that, as part of the discovery process,
  Anthony was entitled to obtain the names and addresses of people
  Tilton claims to have healed.

  Anthony stated that he wants to get FCC rules changed to say
  that claims made by a living person on a television or radio
  broadcast must be verifiable. When asked how that fits with the
  First Amendment, Anthony became angry at the questioner and stated
  that fraud is not protected by the Constitution. (Anthony did not
  bother to explain how the FCC would determine what is and what is
  not verifiable, nor how this would affect broadcast of such things
  as fiction, opinion, discussions of art, or religious broadcasts
  of any kind. The proposal seemed to me to be quite ill thought
  out.)

  A fact sheet on Anthony's organization, the Trinity
  Foundation, Inc. (P.O. Box 33, Dallas, TX 75221, (214) 827-2625)
  states that the group was founded in 1972 and "sponsors several
  non-denominational home church groups with the goal of recapturing
  the First-Century Christian experience." The same fact sheet says
  that the group assisted in the production of a Canadian television
  documentary titled "Adolph Hitler, The New Age Messiah," which
  "shows how New Age philosophy inevitably leads to fascism." This
  and the FCC proposal lead me to question the reliability and
  objectivity of this organization, but it has apparently been
  effective in getting media scrutiny on a few televangelists.

  Gender Issues

  The afternoon session was on "Gender Issues in Science and
  Pseudoscience" and was moderated by York University psychologist
  and CSICOP Executive Council member James Alcock. Before the
  session began, Lee Nisbet, the conference chairman, gave what were
  supposed to have been his introductory remarks before the first
  session. They turned out to be as appropriate for this session as
  for the earlier one. He spoke briefly on "The Consequences of
  Inquiry"--how the process of discovery can destroy old ideas,
  giving Darwin as an example. He stated that our prior likes and
  dislikes should not determine what we think is true.

  Alcock began by briefly describing the role of women in
  spiritualism (e.g., the Fox sisters, Eusapia Palladino, and the
  girls involved in the Cottingley fairies hoax). He asked why

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  women were so prominent in spiritualism, why they are more likely
  to follow horoscopes, why they are less represented at CSICOP
  conferences than men.

  The first panelist, social psychologist and CSICOP Fellow
  Carol Tavris, the author of _The Mismeasure of Woman_, began with
  a word of annoyance about the title of the conference. "There are
  loony feminists, but they are not the whole of feminism," she
  said. She went on to discuss the role of gender biases in
  science. "Notice how easy it is to see the bias in `feminist
  science,' but not in the name of normal science?" she asked,
  suggesting that "chauvinist science" might be appropriate for
  science with a masculine bias. She discussed how research on
  sexual selection has assumed active males and passive females, and
  how women entering the field have made new discoveries by
  neglecting that assumption. Many bird species, for example, have
  now been found to have promiscuous females. When the male leader
  of a harem of birds was vasectomized, all of the females still
  conceived.

  Tavris next discussed studies of sex differences in humans.
  She described two sources of bias in current opposition theories
  of bias: (1) normal (chauvinist) bias, or the "women as problem"
  view; and (2) feminist bias, or the "women as solution" view. The
  first view asks questions of the form "Why aren't women as _____
  as men?", filling in the blank with such words as "moral,"
  "rational," "intelligent," "aggressive," etc. The second view
  says that women are different from men--they're better. To
  illustrate the point, she described a series of hypothetical study
  results from the point of view of each. With a normal bias,
  studies might conclude that women have lower self-esteem, are more
  gullible, less self-confident, or have trouble developing
  autonomy. With a feminist bias, the same studies with the same
  results might conclude that men are more conceited, too inflexible
  about their beliefs, overvalue their work, and so forth.

  Tavris gave as a specific example of these interpretive
  biases an experiment with babies who could pull a cord to reveal a
  mask. After the mask was removed, boys would continue pulling the
  cord longer than girls would, which a male researcher concluded
  showed that they show more courage, fortitude, etc. than girls. A
  female researcher replied, "no, girls learn faster."

  Tavris also pointed out that there is a psychiatric disorder
  in diagnostic manuals called self-defeating personality disorder
  which is based on "chauvinist bias." When some female
  psychologists suggested adding the male converse counterpart,
  "delusional domineering personality disorder," they were told that
  "there is no rich psychiatric tradition for such a disorder."

  Tavris did maintain that there is one clear difference
  between males and females: that men are more violent. She did,
  however, qualify this by stating that women have been just as
  active in wartime as men, "to the extent culture permits," and

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  that they are just as likely as men to regard enemies as beasts.

  She also discussed one area where women are treated as the
  normal sex and men treated as deficient--studies of love. For
  women, according to Tavris, love is the "feeling of squishiness"
  when the object of love is present, while for men love is
  behavior, doing things for the loved one. Studies of intimacy
  assume that what is important is the ability to talk about
  feelings, while ignoring behavior.

  Tavris rejected studies of biological differences between the
  sexes, pointing out that an article in _Science_ arguing for sex
  differences in the brain cited a paper on rat brains for evidence
  of differently sized corpus callosi in men and women. The
  _Science_ paper meanwhile cited another study of 500 fetal brains
  for another purpose, overlooking the fact that that study found no
  sex differences. Tavris stated that not only did _Science_ refuse
  to publish letters pointing this out, it has refused to publish
  any papers which argue that there are no sex differences in the
  brain. Many studies, she said, are not finding the results
  reported in headlines in periodicals such as _Time_, _Newsweek_,
  and _Elle_.

  Finally, Tavris pointed out that when you look at actual
  behavior, gender is not a fixed category. People act in different
  ways in different contexts, and we do not need to attribute
  differences to static properties of persons. For example, people
  in the subordinate role in a relationship exhibit "female
  intuition," no matter what their sex.

  CSICOP Executive Council member Susan Blackmore began her
  talk by asking the question, "Why are so few of us here women?"
  She examined and rejected a few possible explanations: (1) It's
  general to all of science. No, the situation is worse in CSICOP
  than in science in general. (2) Women are more likely to believe
  in the paranormal. Blackmore put up a slide with various quotes
  to this effect, including one from Zusne and Jones' _Anomalistic
  Psychology_ (1982, Lawrence Erlbaum, p. 189): believers are
  characterized as "female, unintelligent, misinformed, poorly
  educated, authoritarian, and emotionally unstable."4 She then
  reviewed the literature on paranormal experiences and belief,
  including some of her own studies. Only two studies found
  significant sex differences in paranormal experiences and only one
  study of sex differences in belief attempted to control for other
  factors. The latter study found no sex differences; the primary
  correlates of belief in the paranormal were "paranormal"
  experiences, belief in life after death, and practicing dream
  interpretation. So Blackmore rejected this explanation. (3) The
  kind of science that CSICOP is involved in is not attractive to
  women. This seemed to be Blackmore's favored explanation.

  She next put up a slide contrasting features of "masculine"
  science with those of "feminine" science, according to feminist
  philosopher of science Sandra Harding.5 The contrasting terms

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  were conquest/discovery, objective knowledge/subjective knowledge,
  control/participation, prediction/understanding,
  dichotomous/continuous, right-wrong/deeper understanding, fight
  and win/progress together. Blackmore did not come out and endorse
  this picture, but instead pointed out that it is itself a (false?)
  dichotomy.

  She then shifted gears and described how, in 1982 at the
  100th anniversary conference of the Society for Psychical
  Research, she criticized parapsychology for accomplishing nothing
  in a century. Parapsychology, she argued, makes no progress, does
  not build on past findings, has findings which disappear with
  better methods, does no prospective design of experiments, and has
  no repeatable experiments. She proposed doing psychical research
  without the psi hypothesis. Since asking the question "Does psi
  exist?" has not been successful, parapsychologists should try
  taking the experiences seriously and trying to understand them.
  Psi is only one possible explanation.6

  Blackmore discussed the Ray Hyman/Charles Honorton "debate"
  over the Ganzfeld database of parapsychology experiments, Helmut
  Schmidt's psychokinesis studies, meta-analysis of random number
  generator experiments, and other recent studies in parapsychology
  which have had positive results, with the emphasis on Honorton's
  Ganzfeld experiments. In response to Hyman's criticisms, Honorton
  developed an automated Ganzfeld experiment which he repeated
  numerous times, reporting his results in "Psi Communication in the
  Ganzfeld," _Journal of Parapsychology_ vol. 54, no. 2, June 1990,
  pp. 99-139. Blackmore asked, "What has been the response from
  CSICOP? Where is the panel on meta-analysis? ... It's not here."

  She described how the Italian skeptics asked three of the best
  known skeptics and three of the best known parapsychologists to
  write about the future of parapsychology, with commentaries on all
  six contributions by Honorton and Blackmore. The result? The
  skeptics repeated the same old arguments from the past. None
  mentioned Honorton's 1990 paper. Two mentioned meta-analysis,
  only to dismiss it briefly (one rudely, according to Blackmore).
  In other words, the skeptics are now exhibiting the failings which
  she criticized the parapsychologists for in 1982.

  The problem, according to Blackmore, is that the dichotomy--
  psi or not--puts enormous pressure on both sides not to change
  their views. The solution, according to Blackmore, is to get rid
  of our antipathy towards negative evidence, to stop setting
  ourselves up as "on one side" or another.

  The third panelist, Steven Goldberg, chair of the sociology
  department at the City College of New York, began by disagreeing
  sharply with Tavris. Goldberg stated that most of what she talked
  about was not about science _per se_, but about politics or social
  life. Bias, according to Goldberg, is only relevant when it leads
  to error.


GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  Almost without exception, scientific results in studies of
  sex differences are statistical. "Men are taller" doesn't mean
  "all men are taller than all women." Heights of men and women are
  overlapping bell curves with close means, but to conclude that the
  difference is therefore not important is wrong. A small mean
  difference can be a big difference at the extremes. Almost
  everyone over 6'8" is male.

  Goldberg noted (in response to Tavris) that the studies which
  don't find sex differences do not cancel out the studies that do.
  The experimenter might be using a different method and be looking
  at the wrong thing.

  Goldberg described how he came to be involved in these
  issues. In 1971 he was writing a paper in which he stated that
  all sex differences are environmental, which he took to be common
  knowledge. He decided, however, to get a citation from the
  anthropological literature to support it, but was unable to find
  anything which held up under scrutiny. He found, on the contrary,
  that in every society males are stereotypically aggressive and
  females are stereotypically nurturing. You never hear a
  stereotype that's totally false, said Goldberg. You never hear
  anyone say that "those damn Jews are dominating the National
  Football League."

  Hierarchies are dominated by males, everywhere in all
  societies at all times. Whatever is viewed in a society as having
  the highest status is more closely associated with males, whatever
  it happens to be. Men seek it out.

  Social attitudes can sometimes be the crucial determinants of
  behavior, according to Goldberg, such as in the prevalence of
  premarital sex (maybe, he said). But for tendency to dominance,
  social attitudes are not the crucial determinant, he claimed. He
  appealed to hormonal sex differences that can be hormonally
  reversed as evidence of biological differences between the sexes.

  Feminists who have argued against him on this point, said
  Goldberg, typically refute a straw man (brain hemisphere studies)
  while ignoring the hormone studies.

  Goldberg went on to claim that socialization cannot explain
  the tendency of male dominance, because it begs the question--why
  are males socialized to be dominant, and not females? On the
  contrary, he argued, societies attempt to fit with the
  characteristics they observe in the sexes, and so, for instance,
  men tend to do the heavy lifting.

  Goldberg concluded his talk by pointing out that he was not
  arguing that males should dominate, but only that they do. You
  can't derive what should be the case from what is the case. How
  things work is a scientific question, while how they should work
  is not.


GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  Keynote Address: "Viruses of the Mind"

  On Friday evening, after a fundraising dinner for the Center for
  Inquiry titled "The Price of Reason," Oxford zoologist Richard
  Dawkins spoke on the subject of memes. Children are programmed by
  evolution to absorb culture and language, but a side effect of
  this absorbency is a tendency to gullibility--making children
  "easy prey to Moonies, Scientologists, and nuns." All of our
  genes our parasites of each other, said Dawkins, and the only
  differences between viral DNA and ordinary DNA is the way it's
  passed on.

  He compared DNA and computer viruses. Both are "copy me"
  programs which, in order to be most effective, are not too
  virulent and don't wipe out everything immediately. Genes lethal
  to young organisms don't reproduce.

  Are there any other "humming paradises of code replication?"
  Dawkins asked. "Minds," he answered. Information is exchanged
  between minds through language, body movement, etc. In human
  beings there is a readiness to replicate ideas and a readiness to
  obey what has been replicated. As examples, he pointed to the fact
  that most people are religious and follow the religions of their
  parents, to crazes that sweep through schools with similar pattern
  to measles epidemics, and to the worldwide epidemic of wearing
  baseball caps reversed.

  "What would it feel like from the inside if one's mind were
  inflicted with a mental parasite, a mind virus?" Dawkins asked
  next. An effective mental virus in the "neurosphere," Dawkins
  asserted, would be good at coexisting with other viruses and
  disguising the fact that it had been picked up. A medical
  textbook diagnosis of such an infection might read that: (1) The
  patient is impelled by deep inner conviction that something is
  true, compelling, and convincing, without any evidence. (2) The
  patient makes virtue of beliefs not having evidence, and may even
  think that the less evidence, the more virtuous the belief. "Lack
  of evidence is a virtue" is itself a self-supporting mental virus.
  (3) The patient thinks that mystery is a good thing. We should
  enjoy mysteries, and revel in their insolubility. (As an example,
  Dawkins gave the Catholic doctrine of transsubstantiation--that
  wine literally becomes the blood of Christ; the appearance of wine
  that remains is "an accidental property that inheres in no
  substance." Dawkins repeated philosopher Anthony Kenny's
  observation that if this doctrine makes sense, then "for all I can
  tell, my typewriter might be Benjamin Disraeli" and referred to
  author Douglas Adams' "electric monk" who does your believing for
  you and is capable of believing "things they have trouble
  believing in Salt Lake City."7)

  Dawkins enumerated several additional symptoms, such as an
  eagerness to be deceived by religious leaders ("Send me your money
  so that I can use it to convince other suckers to send me their
  money, too"). He was particularly repelled by the view

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  promulgated by some televangelists that the more difficult it is
  to give, the more God likes it.

  He then addressed the question of whether science is itself a
  virus, answering it in the negative. While ideas become
  fashionable and spread, he refrained from using the virus analogy
  for all ideas because viruses are pointless--it is good at
  spreading because it is good at spreading. Good programs, on the
  other hand, spread because they are good programs--good at
  performing some function, not just at spreading. Faith, according
  to Dawkins, spreads despite the complete lack of any useful
  virtues. "Religion," Dawkins concluded, "is an infectious disease
  of the mind."

  In the question and answer session, Robert Sheaffer pointed
  out that religions seem to have some useful characteristics, such
  as working as a system to control mutual envy, give rules for
  behavior, and so on, and Dawkins answered that "you may be right."

  Scientific Fraud

  The first session on Saturday was a panel on fraud in science
  moderated by Ray Hyman. I missed most of the first speaker's
  presentation while having breakfast with a few members of the
  CSICOP Executive Council and the delegation of speakers from
  China, but did get enough of Elie Shneour's talk to hear him
  recommend the following policies: (1) Nobody who hasn't done any
  work should be listed as author on a scientific paper. (2) Papers
  should be subjected to peer review. (3) Bad papers shouldn't be
  published at all, which means many journals should be euthanized.

  The second panelist was Paul Friedman, professor of radiology
  at the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine.
  After the John Darsee affair at Harvard, Friedman helped write up
  a policy for dealing with allegations of research "hanky panky."
  In the past, the first reaction to such things would be to tell
  the perpetrator that "there's a mistake in your paper." If
  guilty, his reaction might be "I can't find my data," followed by
  "I resign," and the process would end there.

  Friedman stated that the definition of "scientific fraud"
  depends on context. There are always problems with sloppy work,
  corner cutting, etc. that create noise in the scientific process,
  but deliberate fraud is not very common. It has increased, but
  seems to be proportional to the number of people practicing
  science. Senator John Dingell brought scientific fraud into the
  public arena, whereas in the past it had typically been kept
  quiet--perpetrators being bought out, fired, etc. Was that
  appropriate? Friedman views that as an open question.

  Generally, when something goes wrong, other researchers know
  about it. Younger researchers, however, worry about their careers
  being wrecked, or worry that there may not really be anything wrong
  but they simply don't understand what's being done. When Robert

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  Millikan performed his oil drop experiments to measure the charge
  of the electron, he did not report all of his data; he selected
  the ones he thought were representative. An experimenter may
  completely screw up an experiment and start over; nobody publishes
  all of their data. There is also systematic misrepresentation in
  journals of the order of experimental proceedings, and so forth
  (i.e., the logical structure of a paper is not the temporal
  order). In applying for research grants, researchers tend to
  report the most promising results which they've already obtained,
  leaving out the rest.

  Peer review at the level of a journal submission or grant
  application, according to Friedman, is not capable of screening
  out fraud. A certain level of honesty on the part of researchers
  is assumed. On the other hand, peer review by other people in the
  same lab may be able to catch fraud.

  Other touted self-correcting methods of science are also not
  so great, said Friedman. Replication, for example, may fail
  because the original work made a mistake. It may succeed even
  when the original work is fraudulent, if it was plagiarized from
  elsewhere. Furthermore, a large number of papers are never cited
  by anyone, and no replications are ever done. It does tend to be
  effective in work that is particularly interesting, such as
  superconductivity and cold fusion (two cases which have had very
  different results).

  Friedman expressed some worry over the Office of Scientific
  Integrity, a self-perpetuating agency which gets millions of
  dollars a year. Will this agency harm the practice of science
  with fraud accusations? Institutions doing their own
  investigations, on the other hand, tend to deal with things very
  quietly to avoid wrongly damaging reputations.

  The third speaker was Walter Stewart of the National
  Institutes of Health, who has been involved in numerous
  investigations of scientific fraud. He began by taking issue with
  a statement made by Richard Dawkins during the question and answer
  session following Friedman's presentation, in which Dawkins stated
  that although there have been some minor problems, the scientific
  community is a shining example to other professions, such as
  journalism, of self-policing that they would do well to emulate.
  By the time Stewart finished his presentation, Dawkins stood up to
  withdraw his previous remarks, but added that "science does, at
  least, have standards to violate."

  Stewart discussed in great detail the case of MIT researcher
  Thereza Imanishi-Kari (also known as TIK), who fabricated data in
  a paper published with Nobel prizewinner David Baltimore as a
  coauthor.8 In essence, what occurred was that Margot O'Toole,
  TIK's assistant, discovered the fraud and brought it to the
  attention of other people, including MIT Dean Gene Brown and David
  Baltimore, in whose lab the experiments allegedly took place. For
  her efforts, she was told by Baltimore that anywhere she went with

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  her story, he would go too, and that he would be believed. She
  had given up when Stewart got involved, and they wrote a paper
  documenting the fraud which was rejected by _Cell_ and _Science_,
  and sat upon for four years by _Nature_ before being published.
  In 1988 Senate hearings on the matter took place, the Secret
  Service did analysis of the lab notebooks, and David Baltimore
  continued to defend TIK and call for support from the scientific
  community--which he got. For three or four years, O'Toole was
  isolated from and ridiculed by the scientific community and was
  unable to find a job.

  The second case Stewart described involved Heidi Weissman,
  who worked in the lab of radiologist Leonard Freeman at the Albert
  Einstein College of Medicine. Freeman plagiarized some of
  Weissman's work by whiting out her name on a photocopy and typing
  in his own. Weissman lost her job while Freeman was promoted to
  vice chancellor. (Stewart says that the "freeman" is the unit of
  plagiarism.) Weissman sued for the rights to her work, and won.
  She has been effectively blacklisted from working in her field.

  Paul Friedman remarked that Weissman had already been
  complaining about not being promoted and had a reputation for
  being difficult to work with, and that she took legal action
  before the university had finished investigating her complaints.
  Stewart responded that the legal case which she won has been out
  of the courts for three years now, and that a lawsuit is not a
  reason for scientists to avoid criticizing something (e.g.,
  blatant plagiarism) that is clearly wrong. He said that he knew
  of no scientists who had publicly stated that Freeman was wrong;
  both Shneour and Friedman proceeded to do so. (Shneour maintained
  that other scientists had done so, but could not remember the
  names of any. He stated that he had a list of names at home.)

  Crashed Saucer Claims

  Following lunch and brief talks by Sergei Kapitza, editor of the
  Russian edition of _Scientific American_, and Evry Schatzman,
  founder of the French Union Rationaliste and former president of
  the French Physics Society, two concurrent sessions were offered.

  One was on crashed saucer claims; the other on the paranormal in
  China, specifically the form of Chinese traditional medicine known
  as qi gong. I attended the session on crashed saucers.
  CSICOP Executive Council member and leading UFO skeptic
  Philip Klass moderated the panel, which looked at the three most
  famous cases of alleged crashed saucers: the Roswell, New Mexico
  case, the Bentwaters/Woodbridge, England case, and the Kecksburg,
  Pennsylvania case.

  Tucson resident and retired U.S. Air Force Major James McGaha
  spoke on the Bentwaters/Woodbridge incident, which took place in
  December 1980. This case involved sightings over two nights,
  December 26 and 27. None of the principals described any crash,
  but Jenny Randles, Dot Street, and Brenda Butler wrote the book

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  _Sky Crash_ about the incident, based on the claims of Larry
  Warren, who was a security policeman stationed at Woodbridge at
  the time. None of the principals involved in the sightings
  reported Warren's presence.

  On the first night, airman John Burroughs heard a radio
  report that something had been tracked on radar at Heathrow, then
  saw a light in the woods which he thought might be a crashed
  aircraft. After obtaining permission to leave the base and
  investigate, he saw an object flying through the forest, which he
  described as being triangular and about ten feet wide (about the
  distance between the trees). The next day, some circular holes
  were found in the ground in the area.

  On the second night, security police saw a light, called the
  deputy base commander, Lieutenant Halt, and left the base and
  entered the forest with equipment, planning to debunk the UFO
  claim. They saw a winking light, three lights in the sky, and a
  light beam coming down from the sky. Halt arrived and saw the
  light, which winked and broke up near a farmhouse, which was then
  lit with a red light, seemingly from within. (Vic Cuttings, the
  farmer who was present at the time, noticed nothing unusual.)
  Burroughs said he saw a light fly through the cab of the truck
  they had driven to the site.

  McGaha explained how the TV show _Unsolved Mysteries_ made
  these events seem more mysterious by reporting that on the second
  night, much of the equipment was working intermittently. McGaha
  pointed out that their radios were intermittent because they were
  line of sight radios, and their "light-alls," devices with very
  powerful lights on them, are notoriously unreliable. The holes in
  the ground were examined by the Suffolk police, who said they
  looked like rabbit diggings.

  McGaha offered the following explanation for these sightings: On
  December 26, Cosmos 740 reentered the earth's atmosphere at
  around 21:10, and was picked up on radar. Shortly before 3 a.m.,
  when the first light was seen, a fireball crossed the sky. At
  around 4 a.m., the Suffolk police were driving in the area (in
  response to the reports) with their lights flashing. McGaha
  attributes the lights seen by Burroughs to the fireball and the
  police lights. On December 27, the three lights in the sky were
  Vega, Deneb, and Sirius, while another light was a lighthouse 5
  miles away (in the right direction) which has a 5 second period.
  Lt. Halt is on tape saying "there it is," followed by a five
  second pause, followed by "there it is again."9 Although McGaha
  gave his explanation to interviewers for _Unsolved Mysteries_ and
  one of the producers told him that he wasn't sure the segment
  would be aired because McGaha had completely destroyed the case,
  the show aired anyway--with McGaha's explanations left on the
  cutting room floor.

  Robert Young, the education director of the Harrisburg
  Astronomical Society, reported on the 1965 Kecksburg, Pennsylvania

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  alleged UFO crash. On December 9 of that year, a brilliant bolide
  was seen in the sky by tens of thousands of people over nine
  states and Ontario, Canada. The path was determined by examining
  photographs and triangulating, and it was determined to have
  disintegrated 14 kilometers above southwest Ontario, and this
  result was published in 1967 in a Canadian astronomical journal.

  Young has examined 91 eyewitness reports, all of which can be
  explained by the Ontario fireball. Yet his experience with Fox's
  _Sightings_ show was similar to McGaha's experience with _Unsolved
  Mysteries_. (Young was on the air for about ten seconds.)

  Both _Sightings_ and the September 19, 1990 _Unsolved
  Mysteries_ based their shows on other information. They looked at
  Ivan Sanderson's calculations of the motion of the fireball, which
  (because of errors) showed the fireball changing direction. They
  looked at a newspaper headline in the early (county) edition of
  the December 10 _Greensburg Tribune-Review_ which stated
  "Unidentified Flying Object Touches Off Probe Near Kecksburg," but
  omitted the later (city) edition's story about searchers failing
  to find anything. They reported on five witnesses who claim to
  have seen a crashed object which was retrieved by the military.
  Young gave details on each of these five witnesses and their
  reports: (1) First reported his story in 1979 on KDKA radio;
  claimed to have been fire chief of Kecksburg at the time. In fact
  he was the fire chief in 1964, but not in 1965. (2, 3) These
  witnesses were a father and son; the father is deceased. The son
  claims the military used their home as a base of operations, but
  does not claim to have seen any recovered object. Other witnesses
  dispute the claim about the use of their home. (4) A UFO group's
  display at a local mall in 1987 resulted in this witness coming
  forward. He says he saw the recovered object, but can't remember
  anyone else who was present. (5) This witness showed up during
  the filming of _Unsolved Mysteries_ and claimed to have seen a
  hieroglyphic-covered object that was recovered.

  Young pointed out that the description given by witnesses 4
  and 5 of where the object landed match the location where the
  local newspaper said the search took place--but the newspaper
  account was inaccurate. None of these five witnesses' accounts
  stand up under scrutiny. On the other hand, 46 people signed a
  statement which was sent to _Unsolved Mysteries_ prior to their
  show's airing, stating that there was no object which crashed and
  no recovery of an object by the military. The show failed to
  mention this statement.10

  The final speaker on the panel was Donald R. Schmitt, a
  medical illustrator, co-director of the late J. Allen Hynek's
  Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS), and co-author (with Kevin Randle)
  of _UFO Crash at Roswell_, which Phil Klass in his introduction
  called the best of the books on Roswell. Schmitt began by giving
  his credentials as a skeptic, pointing out that CUFOS debunked the
  Gulf Breeze sightings, MJ-12, and Gerald Anderson, who has made
  claims about the Roswell crash. He went on to argue that

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  something peculiar occurred in Roswell, New Mexico on July 8,
  1947.

  Schmitt's central evidence was the wire transmissions between
  Roswell, Fort Worth, and Washington D.C. on July 8. An "official
  press release" was issued on that date, resulting in a news story
  titled "Flying Disc in Army Possession" at 4:26 p.m., Washington
  time. By 5:30, it was reported that a reporter in Fort Worth was
  allowed to examine debris, which was sent on to Wright field. At
  6:30, Major E.M. Kurtan said there was nothing to it, it was a
  high altitude sounding device, and there was no need to send it on
  to Wright.

  The wire transmission evidence prompted Schmitt to ask: Why
  did it take two hours to identify the object as a radar device
  which had been in use for twenty years? (Before the invention of
  radar, according to Schmitt, the same kind of balloon device was
  used for visual tracking.) Schmitt argued that what was found at
  Roswell was no such thing. He eliminated various possible
  explanations: a V2 launch scheduled for July 3 was cancelled due
  to a pad fire, there are no Japanese balloon bombs unaccounted
  for, etc.

  Schmitt said he has talked to 150 people who were involved in
  some way. Of 30 military personnel he has spoken with, he said
  that none of their military records can now be found. Two
  witnesses say there was a nurse at the base hospital who observed
  alien bodies, who was allegedly transferred to another base and
  then died in a plane crash. Schmitt can't find any record of the
  plane crash, nor any records supporting the existence of this
  nurse. Rather than conclude that the witnesses were in error,
  however, he concludes that there is a coverup.

  Schmitt claimed that some of the witnesses he has spoken to
  say that they were threatened by military personnel that their
  children would be killed if they ever talked about it; children
  were told they'd never see their parents again if they did. W.W.
  Brazell, the rancher on whose property debris was found, allegedly
  told his family that the military had threatened him. Schmitt
  said he has six deathbed statements, including one of a general,
  stating that "it was no goddamn weather balloon."

  After some skeptical questioning by audience members, Phil
  Klass then addressed the subject. He began, "It may shock some of
  you to hear what I am about to say. I agree there is a major
  saucer crash coverup. We disagree about who is covering it up."
  He then proceeded to present information which he said had been
  neglected by proponents of a UFO crash at Roswell. On September
  23, 1947, Lieutenant General Nathan Twining, Wright-Patterson base
  commander, wrote to the chief of staff of the Army Air Force with
  an assessment of UFOs. In this letter, which is quoted
  extensively by UFO proponents, Twining stated that "the phenomenon
  reported is something real and not visionary or fictitious." What
  they never quote, however, is that he also wrote in the same

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  letter that there is "a lack of physical evidence in the shape of
  crash-recovered exhibits which would undeniably prove the
  existence of these objects." This was several months after
  Roswell, so Klass offered three possible implications of this
  letter: (1) Twining was lying to Air Force headquarters. (2)
  Nobody told Twining about the crashed saucer. (3) There was no
  crashed saucer. Klass enumerated case after case of documents,
  many formerly classified Secret or Top Secret, which made similar
  comments, all after Roswell and authored by people who should have
  known if flying saucers had crashed there.11

  CSICOP Video

  After the two concurrent sessions on crashed saucers and qi gong,
  the new CSICOP video, "Beyond Belief," was premiered. The video,
  hosted by magician Steve Shaw of Project Alpha fame, addressed the
  subjects of astrology, firewalking, and the Gulf Breeze UFO. The
  video will be made available to local groups for their meetings or
  for public access cable.

  Dinosaur Valley State Park/Dealey Plaza

  On Sunday, after another screening of the CSICOP video and a
  "conversation session" with some of the CSICOP Executive Council
  members, the North Texas Skeptics arranged an optional trip to
  Dinosaur Valley State Park. This trip, guided by Ronnie Hastings,
  was a visit to the dinosaur tracks at the Paluxy River which have
  been claimed by creationists as evidence of human beings living
  contemporary with dinosaurs.12

  A number of conference attendees, however, chose instead to
  visit Dealey Plaza, the site of John F. Kennedy's assassination in
  1963. At Dealey Plaza, one can visit The Sixth Floor, a museum in
  the former Texas School Book Depository, walk on the grassy knoll
  and observe the view from behind the wooden fence (where vandals
  have written "Kenney [sic] was shot from here" in several
  different places), or talk with any one of several conspiracy
  theorists hawking tabloids which describe their theories.

  Notes
  1. I disagree with Scott's last sentence. The nominalist/realist
  debate _is_ relevant outside freshman philosophy classes--for
  example, in _graduate_ philosophy classes.
  2. Dunbar pointed out a couple of cases where there were some
  studies which bore some resemblance (though quite distant) to the
  claims of the "melanin scholars." For example, a study did find
  that reaction times of people with brown eyes were faster than
  those of people with blue eyes for some task. The "melanin
  scholars" claim that this can be attributed to melanin. What they
  don't note is that all the participants in this study were white
  males.
  3. "Multicultural Pseudoscience," _Skeptical Inquirer_ vol. 16,
  no. 1, Fall 1991, pp. 46-50; "Magic Melanin," _Skeptical Inquirer_
  vol. 16, no. 2, Winter 1992, pp. 162-166; "Afrocentric

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  Creationism," _Creation/Evolution_ vol. 11, no. 2 (issue XXIX),
  Winter 1991-92, pp. 1-8. These articles address the specifics of
  the _Baseline Essays_.
  4. The passage continues with "However, there are several reasons
  for exercising caution when interpreting these data" and offers
  many qualifications.
  5. Harding is the author of a number of books, including _Whose
  Science? Whose Knowledge_ (1991, Cornell University Press). In an
  August 31, 1992 message to the BITNET SKEPTIC Discussion Group,
  Bernard Ortiz de Montellano pointed out that Harding in this book
  uncritically accepts bogus claims from Afrocentric pseudoscientist
  and "melanin scholar" Hunter H. Adams. Harding cites Adams as a
  reference for the claim that ancient Egyptians invented the
  telescope, based on alleged Russian discovery of an ancient
  Egyptian lens. Adams in turn cites Peter Tompkins' book, _Secrets
  of the Great Pyramid_ (Harper & Row, 1971), which in turn cites
  Peter Kolosimo, _Terra Senza Tempo_, published in 1969 in Milan.
  Tompkins points out in a footnote that "Several attempts to check
  these data with Soviet academicians have so far been without
  result." Ortiz de Montellano points out that Tompkins is also
  coauthor of the 1973 book _The Secret Life of Plants_, about Cleve
  Backster's claims that plants feel pain, enjoy music, communicate
  with humans, and so forth.
  6. Blackmore has taken her own advice, and some of the fruits of
  her research include non-paranormal explanations of out-of-body
  and near-death experiences and other "psychic" experiences. See
  her "Near-Death Experiences: In or Out of the Body," _Skeptical
  Inquirer_ vol. 16, no. 1, Fall 1991, pp. 34-45 and "Psychic
  Experiences: Psychic Illusions," _Skeptical Inquirer_ vol. 16, no.
  4, Summer 1992, pp. 367-376.
  7. See his book, _Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency_. A
  "holistic detective" investigates a case under the assumption that
  all things are connected, and therefore everything is evidence,
  reminiscent of Carl Hempel's raven paradox ("All ravens are black"
  is equivalent to "all non-black things are non-ravens," so
  whatever is evidence for one is evidence for the other).
  8. See, for one summary, Philip J. Hilts, "The Science Mob," _The
  New Republic_ vol. 206 (May 18, 1992):24-31. Stewart himself
  wrote a summary for _Nature_ (July 28, 1988). The Stewart article
  makes the case that fraud occurred; the Hilts article covers how
  the scientific community and Baltimore in particular responded.
  9. See, for more details on this case, Ian Ridpath, "The
  Woodbridge UFO Incident," _Skeptical Inquirer_ vol. 11, no. 1,
  Fall 1986, pp. 77-81. Also see Robert Sheaffer's "Psychic
  Vibrations" column, _Skeptical Inquirer_ vol. 10, no. 3, pp. 209-
  210; Steuart Campbell's letter, "The Suffolk 'UFO' Lights,"
  _Skeptical Inquirer_, vol. 11, no. 4, Summer 1987, pp. 425-426,
  and Ridpath's reply.
  10. See Robert R. Young, "'Old-Solved Mysteries': The Kecksburg
  Incident," _Skeptical Inquirer_ vol. 15, no. 3, Spring 1991, pp.
  281-285.
  11. See Philip J. Klass, "Crash of the Crashed-Saucer Claim,"
  _Skeptical Inquirer_ vol. 10, no. 3, Spring 1986, pp. 234-241.
  12. The Paluxy River footprints have been thoroughly debunked and

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  even most creationists now admit that they do not provide evidence
  of humans and dinosaurs living together. See, for example, the
  special issue of _Creation/Evolution_: vol. 5, no. 1, 1985, titled
  "The Paluxy River Footprint Mystery--Solved."

  ----------------------------------

  Jim Lippard is the editor of _The Arizona Skeptic_, the newsletter
  of the Phoenix Skeptics and TUSKS. He is currently pursuing a
  doctorate in Philosophy at the University of Arizona. The above
  article was reprinted with permission from the November 1992 and
  January 1993 issues of _The Arizona Skeptic_.

  ***************************************************************************

  BOOK REVIEW

  Angels and Aliens: _UFOs and the Mythic Imagination_
  By Keith Thompson. Addison-Wesley Publishing Company, New York,
  NY. 1991 283 pp. Cloth, $19.95.

  Reviewed by Anson Kennedy

  "_Angels and Aliens_ prepares us for the provocative conclusion
  that, where mind and matter intersect, what we term reality may in
  fact be a limited spectrum within a much larger realm of
  possibilities." So promises the dustjacket of Keith Thompson's
  history of the modern UFO phenomenon. Whether the book lives up to
  the promise is debatable. That he offers an interesting
  perspective on UFOs, painting their history in terms of great
  mythic battles between opposing forces, is not. Relying heavily on
  the ideas of Joseph Campbell, Keith Thompson's UFO history is the
  story of a modern myth in the making. As such, it is neither a
  "debunker's" book nor a "believer's" book.

  Beginning in 1947, with Kenneth Arnold's sighting of nine
  high-speed objects moving "like a saucer skipping over water,"
  Thompson details the strange penchant UFOs have for confusing the
  public. Arnold's "disk-shaped objects" quickly became known in the
  headlines as "flying saucers", and subsequent sightings by others
  corresponded more to the public's impression of what "flying
  saucers" should look like than with Arnold's description of what he
  saw.

  It was in the '50s, Thompson tells us, that the UFO craze was first
  on the verge of dying out. Every time the UFO proponents came up
  with a case, the debunkers would counter with mundane explanations.
  This point-counterpoint came dangerously close to losing the
  public's interest until UFO "manifestations" transformed, evolving
  into the (skeptics say tall) tales of "contactees" such as George
  Adamski, as well as other, sinister, visitations of so-called "Men
  in Black," or MIB. These added elements gave UFOs a renewed
  fantastic nature which revitalized the public's interest. At the
  same time, the introduction of this odd force foreshadowed the

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  eventual evolution of the cast of characters for the development of
  Thompson's "modern myth."

  The saga of these characters is on-going. In the '60s, UFO
  researchers seemed to concentrate primarily on "hard" reports,
  sightings of objects in the sky or (relatively) close encounters.
  Even the pro-ETH (extraterrestrial hypothesis, the idea that UFOs
  are intelligently-guided craft not of this world) investigators
  dismissed the contactee stories as too bizarre to be real. The
  "nuts and bolts" investigators of organizations such as the Aerial
  Phenomena Research Organization (APRO) gave way in the '70s and
  '80s to softer elements influenced for the most part by the New Age
  movement and the popularization of "alien abductions."

  Part of the transition from hard reports to soft was due to what
  Thompson calls the "Trickster" element of UFOs. Thompson likens
  the variable nature of UFOs, their penchant for shape shifting, for
  slipping away just when investigators think they have "solved the
  riddle," to the Trickster, a figure from Native American (among
  others) mythology. Investigators seemed unable to ever pin them
  down to a single (or even a group) of nuts and bolts explanations
  involving physical spaceships piloted by beings from far off star
  systems. So UFOs became "interdimensional," able to pop in and out
  of "normal" space at will. This new feature neatly countered the
  objections of skeptics by moving UFOs even further from the realm
  of reality.

  Throughout the pro-ETH researchers' efforts, skeptics have worked
  to explain UFOs in mundane terms. Harvard astronomer Donald
  Menzel, who Thompson terms "UFO archskeptic," was the first and
  most vocal of these. Menzel was succeeded by Philip J. Klass
  (chairman of CSICOP's UFO subcommittee), who remains a leading
  figure among skeptics today.

  It is the interplay between believers and disbelievers which gives
  Thompson's history its "mythic" proportions. Referencing the work
  of Carl Jung and anthropologist Paul Radin, Thompson points out
  that the Trickster "makes his presence felt in phenomena ranging
  from frustrating `accidents of fate,' to `the malicious tricks
  played by the poltergeist' to the uneasy coexistence of angelic and
  demonic potentials within both individual and collective
  unconsciousness." With Trickster, Thompson describes UFOs in terms
  of other, perhaps more well-known, mythical figures such as Hermes,
  Dionysus and Proteus. Proteus, like Trickster, wraps himself in
  ambiguity, and UFOs are nothing if not ambiguous.

  This apparent ability of UFOs to change their form in order to
  satisfy public expectations has been discussed elsewhere. Robert
  Sheaffer, in his book _The UFO Verdict_, calls UFOs a "jealous
  phenomenon" because this variable aspect serves to prevent
  researchers from gaining any significant knowledge of them.
  Sheaffer builds on this interpretation, noting that no legitimate
  phenomenon exhibits this "jealous" nature. Jacques Vallee uses
  this characteristic to theorize that UFOs are some sort of

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  interdimensional beings, whereas Carl Jung postulated this
  variability is a manifestation of the collective unconscious.
  Thompson makes much of Jung's and Vallee's ideas but says nothing
  of Sheaffer's. In fact, the only mention of Robert Sheaffer is in
  reference to Betty and Barney Hill's alleged alien abduction, and
  there Thompson misspells his name "Schaeffer" (a fault which may be
  his editor's).

  In the battle between the believers and the disbelievers to unmask
  Trickster and expose him for what he is, Keith Thompson sees a
  drama unfolding which transcends the mundane point of which side is
  "right." For the Trickster has, by the controversy he engendered
  and the attention he has attracted, made UFOs "real" in a sense
  seldom acknowledged by either side. It is at this point that
  Thompson attempts to fulfill the promise of the dustjacket, and it
  is at this point that he loses the reasonable reader. For Thompson
  goes beyond just describing the UFO story in mythic terms, and
  beyond just describing the great epic. By the conclusion of the
  book, Thompson seems to have de facto accepted the underlying
  "reality" of UFOs and their alien (or "angel") occupants. He
  theorizes "that we humans may already share significantly in
  *their* realm without realizing it, that we already inhabit *with
  them* a ground of shared forms, and that, from an evolutionary
  perspective, humankind may be following a largely unconscious
  course toward dimensions of `contact' at once more remarkable and
  more intrinsic than we have begun to imagine."

  This idea sounds remarkably similar to the thesis of Dr. Kenneth
  Ring's book, _The Omega Project_, in which Ring sees parallels
  between those who have near-death experiences and those who have
  encounters with UFO occupants. Ring calls these people "experience
  prone" and suggests that they are suffering the birth pangs of a
  racial transition to a higher consciousness. Thompson echoes this
  idea in his concluding remarks. He draws an analogy to fish living
  in water being captured ("abducted") by fishermen. Occasionally,
  a captured fish is thrown back to relate his story to unbelieving
  friends. "Depending on how this news is revealed and received, the
  fish is deified, eaten, or simply isolated ... where it is left to
  muse aloud, `Water! We live and swim in *water*! I have just seen
  that which is *not* water: I have glimpsed "dry land," and "open
  sky." Does anyone hear me? Does anyone *care*?'" Thompson
  suggests that the fish thrown back are amphibians - and so are the
  people who claim to be abducted by aliens. The abductees are
  taking the first steps onto the "dry land" of some sort of enhanced
  awareness. To his credit, Thompson acknowledges his final remarks
  are speculative.

  So what good is this book to skeptics? It offers an interesting
  history of the UFO phenomenon from a perspective seldom seen in the
  literature. Ignoring the speculation of the final chapter,
  Thompson's retelling of the UFO story in mythic terms makes
  fascinating reading and may provide some useful insights into the
  interplay between the various factions involved. Unfortunately,
  Thompson did not leave it at that. His speculation about abductees

GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
  representing a transcendent form in human development seems
  unwarranted and based more on a desire to find *something* real in
  UFOs than anything else. Does he make good on the dustjacket's
  promise? Not in this reviewer's opinion. Should skeptics read it?
  Certainly, for Thompson's speculation may represent (in fact, it
  probably *does* represent) yet another new manifestation of the
  phenomenon.

  -------------------------------

  Anson Kennedy is Secretary of the Georgia Skeptics, and Chairman of
  the UFO Subcommittee. He is an electrical engineer.

  ***************************************************************************

                          THE END


GS06-01.TXT[21/06/2021 07:47:28]
