{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T11:33:49Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 33317, "source_ctime_ns": 1790674977353067697, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Greg-Fewer---Searching-for-Extraterrestrial-Intelligence---An-Archaeological-Approach.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790674977349414445, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Greg-Fewer---Searching-for-Extraterrestrial-Intelligence---An-Archaeological-Approach.pdf", "source_sha256": "ad695f567ebf285ba8a895658641430e1f0b8adb96524767633624983c9cb6b0"}

Searching for Extraterrestrial Intelligence:
    An Archaeological Approach to Verifying Evidence for Extraterrestrial
                           Exploration on Earth
                                               Greg Fewer, MA
                                         Archaeologist & Historian

                                             “Les Revenants”
                    Corballymore, Dunmore East, Co. Waterford, Republic of Ireland
                                   http://www.infohwy.com/~gfewer/
                                            gfewer@wit.ie

                           Part-Time Lecturer, Dept of Adult & Continuing Education
                                    Waterford Institute of Technology
                                Cork Road, Waterford, Republic of Ireland


                                                    Abstract


       In considering the possibility of the existence of Extraterrestrial Intelligence, an independent
       means of verifying eyewitness accounts of flying saucers and alien beings on Earth is proposed.
       The approach would be an archaeological one whereby various archaeological surveying and
       excavation techniques would be used to examine an alleged landing or crash site of an
       extraterrestrial craft. The alleged flying saucer crash sites of 1947 in the vicinity of Roswell, New
       Mexico, are highlighted by way of example. Following an overview of the eyewitness testimony
       relating to the Roswell Incident, the methods by which the crash sites might be assessed are
       outlined.


                                   Introduction: The Possibility of ETI

     Since the days of classical Greece, humans have speculated on the existence of intelligent
life on other worlds, but it is only in the last three hundred years that increasingly informed and
systematic research on the possibility of Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (ETI) has gone apace. (1)
In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, much energy was spent concentrating on the
apparent existence of bodies of water on Mars and the consequent possibility that intelligent life
might be utilizing them to sustain their existence, particularly in the construction of huge canals
that some astronomers claimed to be able to see from Earth. By the 1930s, however, these so-
called canals had come to be seen (correctly) as an optical illusion, but it wasn’t until the advent
of space travel to other planetary bodies from the 1960s and 1970s, that the likelihood of ETI
elsewhere in the solar system became somewhat diminished by the sterile findings of various
interplanetary space probes such as Viking 1 and 2 on Mars or by the eight Venus probes sent to
Venus by the USSR. (1, 2, 3) In the 1980s and 1990s, other advanced forms of scientific research
have taken place including looking for possible ETI radio signals with the Search for Extra-
Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI) program or the analysis of Martian meteorites for possible signs
Greg Fewer


of ancient organic activity, as in the case of the now famous meteorite ALH84001. (4, 5, 6)
Meanwhile, reports of sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) interpreted as ETI
spacecraft increased during the 1940s and afterwards so that today there are many people that are
committed not only to the belief that Earth has been visited many times by extra-terrestrials, but
that humans have also been frequently abducted by aliens. (7, 8)
     While it is difficult to ascertain how genuine many of these UFO sightings are and whether
those that are genuine actually indicate the presence of alien spacecraft or not, the question
might still be asked how we could systematically search for evidence of ETI on Earth or in the
solar system. Whilst the reception of alien radio signals might turn out to be the first kind of
contact between humans and ETI, the initial form that physical contact might take could involve
the discovery of one or more interplanetary space probes launched by an extra-terrestrial
civilization that have arrived in our own planetary system. Given the great age of some star
systems and the likelihood that at least a few of them provide the conditions for life and, in
particular, ETI to have evolved, (9) it seems probable that an extra-terrestrial civilization could
have arisen with an interest in space exploration. However, since the solar system is a relatively
isolated one in the Milky Way, it is rather doubtful that any spacecraft bearing alien personnel
would take an exploratory trip to such a potentially unrewarding region of space. Nevertheless,
an automated or remotely controlled interplanetary probe with the purpose of exploring not only
our system but a number of others in our arm of the Milky Way might have been launched by an
ETI at some time in the distant past. Possibly, such a probe has already passed through the solar
system (perhaps even millennia ago) and has long ago transmitted details of its discovery of life
on our planet to its owners, thereby encouraging the ETI that sent the probe to launch a
spacecraft bearing an alien crew.
     On Earth, the alleged landing sites of such alien spacecraft (for example, that at Roswell,
New Mexico, which has been described by one writer as ‘the mother of all UFO scenarios’ [10])
could be examined anew from an archaeological perspective, whereby geophysical surveying
and excavation techniques could be applied to prove or disprove the purported landing.
     In this essay, I propose that a research project be established to apply archaeological
techniques to the study of alleged alien landing sites, particularly that of Roswell because of its
recent widespread media interest. Archaeology may provide a valuable methodological tool in
verifying the presence of alleged ETI activity, especially that which has occurred in the more
distant past.

                             Archaeology as a Tool for Verifying ETI

     In recent years, a growing number of archaeologists have taken an interest in the possibility
of carrying out archaeological research on other planets. This interest was recently expressed in a
session of the annual conference of the Theoretical Archaeology Group (TAG) in December
1997 (abstracts of the papers given at this conference are available on the World Wide Web at
http://csweb.bournemouth.ac.uk/consci/tag97/). Most speakers at the conference concentrated on
the use or presentation of archaeological theory and practice in science fiction novels and films,
while one (11, 12) examined the archaeology and conservation of human space exploration. Two


2
                                                            Searching for Extraterrestrial Intelligence


other speakers, however, considered how archaeological research might be applied to as yet
undiscovered ancient extraterrestrial civilisations on other planets. (13, 14)
     Although some archaeologists have considered a putative role for themselves should ancient
traces of any ET civilization be found on other planets, few (if any) have openly considered
applying their techniques to the study of alleged alien landing or abduction sites. Of course, this
is partly because of the recent nature of the purported events and also (perhaps) because little
evidence of ET activity might be expected to lie beneath the surface of the soil. However, in the
last thirty years or so, archaeological methods and techniques have been increasingly applied to
recent events in a forensic context, such as the careful excavation and analysis of buried murder
and combat victims or the study of airplane crash sites (15, 16).
     If a field in which an alien spacecraft allegedly landed was subsequently ploughed before its
surface could be examined scientifically, the archaeological technique of fieldwalking could be
applied to search for any possible artifacts that might have been dropped in the vicinity of the
alleged landing site. In addition, geophysical techniques such as magnetometer and soil
resistivity surveys could be carried out to pinpoint any electro-magnetic anomalies in the soil
(such as might be caused by areas of burning) that might have been created by the arrival or
departure of the alleged spacecraft. Shallow archaeological excavation might then proceed once
the supposed landing site has been located, should the existence of artifacts be anticipated,
though this would also allow for properly documented soil samples to be taken for detailed
chemical, geological and biological analysis in the laboratory. In the case of older sites, a build-
up of soil and other deposits might have taken place as a consequence of natural flooding,
rubbish dumping, rock falls, sand dune formation, soil creep (if on a slope) or nearby
construction or demolition work. If the overlying sediments are quite substantial, then
geophysical prospecting and archaeological fieldwalking techniques would be of limited value,
necessitating the digging of a number of test pits or the taking of core samples at regular
intervals over an area centered on the supposed landing. What follows is an assessment of how
archaeology might be applied to verifying the claim that a ‘flying saucer’ crashed in the desert
near the town of Roswell, New Mexico, in 1947.

                           The Roswell Incident: Eyewitness Accounts

     The Roswell Incident, as this seemingly archetypal UFO event is commonly known, took
place in the first two weeks of July 1947, and may involve up to three separate craft that crashed
onto the ground at varying distances from the town of Roswell, New Mexico. These crashes
received wide media coverage at the time when one of the crashed craft was initially announced
(on July 8 1947) to have been a flying saucer in a press release issued by the nearby United
States Army-air force base. The following day, the US Army retracted this story, explaining that
the ‘flying saucer’ was none other than a downed ‘weather balloon’ that had been misidentified.
Although soon apparently forgotten, the story of the Roswell saucer was resurrected by
ufologists in 1980 after which stories of government or military cover-ups relating to the
spacecraft abounded. Only at this time, does it seem that associations were made with the other
two alleged crash sites located about 90 and 150 miles, respectively, from Roswell. The imputed
relationship between these alleged crash events has led to some conflation of their reporting in


                                                                                                     3
Greg Fewer


such newspapers as The (Manchester) Guardian where, in one article, no suggestion is made that
more than one crash might have occurred. (17)
     The first crash site, and that nearest to Roswell town, was discovered by W. W. (‘Mac’)
Brazel, a sheep rancher, who found an area covered with strange, shiny and lightweight debris on
his ranch, some of which he soon showed the local county sheriff who, in turn, showed it to the
intelligence officer (Major Jesse Marcel) at the nearby Army base. (18) Marcel then retrieved the
rest of the debris from Brazel’s ranch, which had been stored in a small shed on Brazel’s
property. (19)
     Marcel claimed not to have seen anything like it. The debris included bits of metal, some
kind of porous substance, parchment-like material, and long slender rods no heavier than balsa
that bore markings described by Marcel as ‘hieroglyphics’. One of these rods was stated by
Marcel to be three to four feet long. Overall, the material could be spread out over an area of 200
yards, yet it only weighed 51 lbs in total. Marcel took some of the metal home with him and
showed it to his children (17) but he brought the debris with him on a plane to Fort Worth where
General Roger M. Ramey identified it as the remains of a downed weather balloon with a radar
target. However, Marcel claims that the debris he had found was switched with the tattered
remnants of a weather balloon, which was shown to the press. A report from the Alamogordo
News of 10 July 1947 and cited in Sobel’s article explained that such weather balloons carried
‘paper triangles covered with tinfoil and held rigidly by small wooden strips’ to reflect radar
signals, and that the reflectors were about 48 inches across (the rods found by Brazel were up to
three or four feet long). In recent years, the Army admitted that there was a cover up, and that the
debris from Brazel’s ranch came not from an ordinary weather balloon but from a top-secret
experimental high altitude balloon designed to detect nuclear explosions around the world from
the air. This experimental program (known as Project Mogul) was carried out at the Army base
at Roswell, and though it was discontinued in 1950, it remained classified until the 1970s.
Interestingly, a few special radar targets not previously used in New Mexico were reinforced
with Scotch tape bearing a pinkish-purple abstract flower design which may very well account
for Marcel’s so called hieroglyphics. Various other descriptions of the markings made at the time
of the debris’s discovery also concur with this identification.
     Neither Brazel nor Marcel referred to any bodies lying in the vicinity of the debris on
Brazel’s ranch, nor did Marcel describe the material as constituting a ‘flying saucer’. However,
the other two crash sites do contain both of these elements. According to Vern and Jean Maltais,
their late friend Grady Barnett allegedly witnessed a flying saucer wreck near Socorro, New
Mexico, during the 1940s when he worked as a government engineer, and he described the craft
as a large metallic disk circa 25 to 30 feet in diameter. One ufologist, Stanton T. Friedman,
placed this crash site on the Plains of San Augustin near Socorro, a point 150 miles west of
Roswell. He was only able to locate one other eyewitness who, as a child of no more than 5 years
of age in 1947, saw the wrecked saucer with the bodies of its occupants lying around the
wreckage whilst on a family rock-hunting expedition. Apparently, the craft had gouged out a
furrow in the ground as it crashed, tearing up and setting alight some sagebrush in the process.
However, Anderson’s account is so detailed for such a young witness to recall decades later, that
his testimony is regarded as somewhat suspect. Indeed, an entry made in Anderson’s uncle’s


4
                                                            Searching for Extraterrestrial Intelligence


diary used to corroborate the story of the saucer was found to have been fabricated on forensic
grounds (the entry was made with ink only available from 1974).
      Friedman places the third crash site close to the town of Corona at about 90 miles north-west
of Roswell. One eyewitness was Jim Ragsdale who was camping out with his girlfriend north of
Roswell on the night of 2 July 1947 (or later) when they saw a bright object roar overhead before
hitting the ground. A search with a flashlight by the couple revealed the remains of a flying
saucer accompanied by the bodies of its crew. (10) Ragsdale described the bodies he saw as
being between four and five feet long, and he thought the metal of the craft to have been unusual.
Although the metal resembled tinfoil, it was much stronger and would straighten itself out after a
piece was crushed in the hand. (17) When they returned to the site the next morning, they found
the place to be overrun with soldiers from the Roswell Army base (located 35 miles away) who
had cordoned the area off (10, 17). Apparently, some credit a team of archaeologists with being
the first people on the scene on 5 July, arriving before Ragsdale and his girlfriend. The team, led
by Dr W. Curry Holden of Texas Tech university, reported the find to the local sheriff,
describing it as ‘a crashed airplane without wings, and with a flat fuselage’ accompanied by three
corpses. (17) Another eyewitness, Frank Kaufmann, who claims to have been working for the
Army in some kind of paramilitary capacity after 1945, alleges that he saw the wrecked craft
when taking part in a secret reconnaissance mission accompanied by high-ranking officers to
locate the saucer. Kaufmann later pointed out the crash site for a television program in 1994. He
described the craft as a wingless plane and also noted the presence of bodies inside the ruptured
fuselage, but is unable to supply any supporting documentation either of the incident or even of
his military employment. One other witness, a fire fighter named Dan Dwyer told his daughter
(Frankie Rowe) that he and other fire fighters went to the crash site where they saw two body
bags and a live ‘very small being’ near the wreckage of some sort of flying craft. (10, 17)
      One final witness is former mortician Glenn Dennis who did not visit the site, but claims to
have seen the bodies and the wreckage which, he states, was brought to the Army base hospital,
and to have spoken with an otherwise unidentified nurse who was involved in the beings’
autopsies. He had also previously received calls from the Army base about the availability of
child-sized coffins and about embalming fluids and procedures. (20) However, the details of his
testimony will not be considered here since they do not refer directly to any of the alleged crash
sites.

                            Archaeology and the Roswell Crash Sites

     As is clear from the summary of the eyewitness testimonies above, there is some disparity in
the chronology of the crash site discoveries. In addition, some of the testimony is only second
hand (that of Dan Dwyer and Grady Barnett) while other accounts have since been embellished
(those of Ragsdale and Kaufmann) thereby damaging their credibility. Furthermore, none of the
eyewitness testimony is backed up by photographs of the crash sites or flying saucers (though a
press photograph was taken of the so called weather balloon in 1947 and highly controversial
film footage purportedly showing the autopsies were widely publicized in 1995 [17]), nor was
any physical evidence of the different wrecks kept (in the form of a memento) by an eyewitness.


                                                                                                     5
Greg Fewer


Consequently, a new and independent source of evidence is sorely needed to corroborate these
eyewitness accounts, and an archaeological approach might offer this.
     Each site where an alleged craft was said to have been wrecked would first need to be
topographically surveyed in minute detail. Any indications of a furrow at the Socorro site or an
impact crater at the Corona site should be clearly evident unless both were filled in as part of a
possible cover up. Aerial photographs of each site might assist in the location of any features that
had been backfilled in this way. Archaeologists frequently use aerial photographs to locate
archaeological sites that lie beneath the modern ground surface and which cannot easily be seen
from the ground. Such sites might appear as patterns in vegetation growth or as anomalous soil
colorations.
     A survey grid ought to be placed over each site during the topographical survey to facilitate
subsequent geophysical surveys and the pinpointing of finds retrieved through fieldwalking or
excavation. Magnetometer surveys of each site ought to be able to reveal the presence of any
metal or areas of burning and other magnetic anomalies, whilst resistivity surveys could be used
to locate buried features such as pits and impact craters. Once any features have been so
identified as worthy of further investigation, these could be archaeologically excavated by an
experienced team of qualified archaeologists. Careful sieving and sampling of the soil might
reveal tiny splinters of the wrecked fuselage at each of the Socorro and Corona sites, while traces
of some of the tinfoil (or tinfoil-like) material that formed part of the debris on Brazel’s ranch
might also be located in this way. If the metal does indeed bear unusual properties as Ragsdale
pointed out for the craft he claims to have witnessed, then this should still be evident from even
very small pieces recovered in a dig.
     Another site that may be worth excavating is the floor of the shed in which Brazel stored the
debris he found on his ranch as well as an area of soil around the shed. Presumably, small
splinters and shreds of the debris may still exist either trampled into the soil or lying trapped
between floorboards (if the shed’s floor is wooden).
     At the end of the day, no physical evidence might be found supporting the claims that flying
saucers crashed at either of the Corona or Socorro sites nor even of the probably misidentified
spy/weather balloon from Brazel’s ranch. While the evidence relating to Brazel’s find seems the
most reliable, thereby making an archaeological discovery on his ranch more likely, it’s possible
that the tinfoil (or tinfoil-like material) would not have survived well in the soil due to natural
weathering and chemical processes.
     Finally, archaeological research at each of the alleged crash sites might provide no
corroborative evidence at all that any spacecraft were wrecked there. This would present a
serious blow to the hypothesis that extraterrestrial beings had indeed been seen in New Mexico
in 1947. However, the absence of evidence might only indicate that the crash sites — which were
allegedly discovered over fifty years ago — have been misidentified in recent times. On this
basis, the archaeological evidence could be argued as not refuting that flying saucers crashed in
the countryside of New Mexico, but merely that the eyewitness recollections of the crash site
locations are faulty. If this is the case, then it might never be possible to prove the veracity of the
alien presence short of the United States Army confirming it.


6
                                                                      Searching for Extraterrestrial Intelligence


                                            References and Notes

1.  R. Hennessy, ‘The Martian Century’, History Today, 48, no. 7, 9–11 (1998).
2.  M. Pauls and D. Facaros, The Travellers’ Guide to Mars, Cadogan Books plc, London, 1997, pp. 73-78, 90-93,
    99–100.
3. R. Turnill, The Observer’s Book of Unmanned Spaceflight, Frederick Warne and Co. Ltd, London and New
    York, 1974, pp. 172–181.
4. P. Horowitz, ‘Project Meta: What Have We Found?’, The Planetary Report, 13, no. 5, 4–9 (1993).
5. S. Shostak, ‘Phoenix Rises: NASA SETI Project is Reborn’, The Planetary Report, 15, no. 3, 4–7 (1995).
6. D. S. McKay, E. K. Gibson, Jr, K. L. Thomas-Keprta, H. Vali, C. S. Romanek, S. J. Clemett, X. D. F. Chillier,
    C. R. Maechling and R. N. Zare, ‘Search for Past Life on Mars: Possible Relic Biogenic Activity in Martian
    Meteorite ALH84001’, Science 273, no. 5277, 924–930 (1996).
7. P. Huyghe, ‘The Secret Invasion: Does It Add Up?’, Omni, 17, no. 9, 58–64, 72 (1995).
8. P. Huyghe, ‘In Her Own Words: An Abductee’s Story’, Omni, 17, no. 9, 69–71 (1995).
9. C. Sagan, ‘The Abundance of Life-Bearing Planets’, The Planetary Report, 16, no. 3, 8–10.
10. D. Sobel, ‘The Truth About Roswell’, Omni, 17, no. 8, 90–99, 127 (1995).
11. G. Fewer, ‘Towards an LSMR & MSMR (Lunar & Martian Sites & Monuments Records): Recording Planetary
    Spacecraft Landing Sites as Archaeological Monuments of the Future’, unpublished paper presented at the
    ‘“When Worlds Collide”: Archaeology and Science Fiction’ session of the Theoretical Archaeology Group
    Annual Conference, 16–18 December 1997, Bournemouth University, England.
12. G. Fewer, ‘Space Heritage Sites’, Spaceflight: The International Magazine of Space and Astronautics, 40, no. 8,
    286 (1998)
13. K. Matthews, ‘Archaeology and the Extraterrestrial: Blair Cuspids, Martian Monuments and Beyond the
    Infinite’, unpublished paper presented at the ‘“When Worlds Collide”: Archaeology and Science Fiction’
    session of the Theoretical Archaeology Group Annual Conference, 16–18 December 1997, Bournemouth
    University, England.
14. V. Walsh, ‘Exoarchaeology’, unpublished paper presented at the ‘“When Worlds Collide”: Archaeology and
    Science Fiction’ session of the Theoretical Archaeology Group Annual Conference, 16–18 December 1997,
    Bournemouth University, England.
15. Anonymous, ‘Profile of an Anthropologist. Anthropometry, Assassinations, and Aircraft Disasters: A Career in
    Forensic Anthropology’, Anthropology Newsletter 23, no. 6 (1982), reprinted in Applying Anthropology: An
    Introductory Reader, ed. A. Podolefsky and P. J. Brown, Mayfield Publishing Company, Mountain View,
    California, 1989, pp. 54–56.
16. D. D. Scott and C. C. Snow, ‘Archaeology and Forensic Anthropology of the Human Remains from the Reno
    Retreat Crossing, Battle of the Little Bighorn, Montana’ in Images of the Recent Past: Readings in Historical
    Archaeology, ed. C. E. Orser, Jr, Altamira Press, Walnut Creek, California, 1996, pp. 355–367.
17. M. Walker, ‘Space Oddity’, The Guardian, 25 July, Section 2, 2–3 (1995).
18. The following information is based on D. Sobel’s article in Omni cited in footnote 10 above unless otherwise
    indicated.
19. P. McCarthy, ‘The Case of the Vanishing Nurses’, Omni, 17, no. 8, 106–114 (1995).
20. K. T. Pflock, ‘Star Witness: The Mortician of Roswell Breaks His code of Silence’, Omni, 17, no. 8, 100–105,
    132 (1995).


                                                                                                                 7
