{"created_utc": "2026-09-30T07:37:58Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 17194, "source_ctime_ns": 1790747083194767928, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/gwu_940815.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790747083161077747, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/gwu_940815.pdf", "source_sha256": "b21b94ec07cb4f458978e8f39350cbdb553ddc1c08be4ceaeca7c5a29028e783"}

George Washington University
  Office of University Relations
  Washington, DC 20052


  FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                       MEDIA CONTACT: NORA KELLEY
   August 15, 1994                    (202) 994-3087


  GW LAW PROFESSOR JONATHAN TURLEY FILES AGAINST THE DEPARTMENT OF
  DEFENSE, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER AND AIR FORCE
  FOR VIOLATION OF FEDERAL ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS
  AT TOP SECRET AIR FORCE BASE

      Washington, D.C. -- The George Washington University
  National Law Center Professor of Environmental Law Jonathan
  Turley, following an action filed against the EPA earlier this
  month, filed suit today against the Department of Defense, the
  National Security Advisor and the United States Air Force for
  violations of federal environmental laws at a top-secret Air
  Force base in Nevada. This is the second in a series of legal
  actions planned by Professor Turley. Turley received assistance
  in conducting the field investigation from the Project on
  Government Oversight, a nonprofit watchdog organization located
  in Washington, D.C.

     Turley is representing current and former workers at Area
  51, a secret Air Force base in Nevada -- also known as Dreamland
  or Groom Lake. The suit alleges serious injuries, and at least
  one death, to employees due to the burning of hazardous and toxic
  wastes at the facility. Turley's suit further alleges that
  workers were denied requests for protective clothing -- including
  gloves -- in handling hazardous wastes. Turley is seeking to
  represent the workers, who signed secrecy agreements upon
  employment at the base, as "John and Jane Does" to prevent
  possible retaliation -- including physical threats.

      This case is the first of its kind. Area 51 is generally
  considered the most secret, classified base in the U.S. military
  network. "By forcing compliance at Area 51, we hope to establish
  a precedent whereby the military will be forced to acknowledge
  its responsibilities in every base and facility," says Turley.
  "Ultimately, this case is a direct confrontation between national
  security laws and environmental and criminal laws."

     Specifically, Turley will be asking the United States
  District Court in Nevada to address eleven charges against the
  defendants, William Perry, Secretary of Defense; Anthony Lake,
  National Security Advisor to President Clinton; and Sheila
  Widnall, secretary of the Air Force. The charges include:
  violation of the federal facility reporting and inventory
  requirements; violations of the ban on open burning of hazardous
  waste; and illegal land disposal of hazardous wastes. He will


gwu_940815.txt[28/02/2022 21:37:49]
  argue that the federal hazardous waste law does not give any
  exception for secret bases in its provisions.

     "We want to establish that workers at secret bases should
  not be forced to rely on the arbitrary protection of the
  military, but should be able to go to court to receive remedies
  for violations," says Turley. He also intends to establish that
  secrecy agreements do not preempt environmental protection.
  Eventually, Turley plans to draft a new law on the judicial
  review of such cases and on issues ranging from anonymous legal
  action to standing questions to citizen suit actions against the
  EPA.

      In his complaint to the District Court of Nevada, Turley
  alleges that the activities conducted at the Groom Lake base have
  involved the use of hazardous waste and material producing
  hazardous wastes when burned -- including hardeners, plastics,
  solvents, sealants and paint wastes -- and that these wastes are
  stored on site at the base. Plaintiffs allege that these
  hazardous wastes -- including wastes releasing dioxins, and
  methyl ethyl ketone, trichloroethylene and dibenzofurans -- were
  thrown into open, unlined trenches at Groom Lake base, doused
  with jet fuel or other inflammable substances and then ignited.


      The plaintiffs claim they were required to be in close
  proximity to the burning wastes and that some workers had to
  enter the trenches to ignite the wastes; stand around the trench
  to secure the area during incineration; or work next to or down
  wind from the trenches. After incineration, defendants or their
  agents allegedly instructed workers to enter the trenches and
  sort through the residue to guarantee complete destruction of
  classified materials. The plaintiffs complain of a number of
  symptoms -- blackouts, skin rashes, headaches, respiratory
  problems and eye irritations. They allege that requests for
  protective clothing, respirators and gloves were denied.

     Turley also alleges that hazardous wastes were intentionally
  trucked in by a California-based defense contractor in order to
  be disposed at the site. "We have compelling evidence that the
  government and its contractors have used the secrecy of Groom
  Lake not to protect national security but to shield the illegal
  disposal of hazardous waste," said Turley.

                       -- 30 --


gwu_940815.txt[28/02/2022 21:37:49]
