{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T15:40:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 94473, "source_ctime_ns": 1790214815570972289, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-02.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790214814852559269, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-02.pdf", "source_sha256": "aae686a29eaadc2cddc2a077ab76074c504cff8e4c5ee8183e3268c2677a1d01"}

INEXPLICATA

                           INEXPLICATA
                 The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
                            Issue # 2
                          Winter 1998

          A twice-yearly publication showcasing the research and
          concerns of UFO and paranormal investigators in Spain,
          the Caribbean, Central and South America.

Editor
     Scott Corrales
Assistant Editor
(all article submissions and letters)
     Juan Carlos Mallory
     P.O. Box 228
     Derrick City, PA 16727
Contributing Editors
     Manuel Carballal (Spain)
     Willie Durand Urbina (Puerto Rico)
     Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros (Mexico)

                      DEPARTMENTS AND COLUMNS

Dr. Rafael Lara's Mexico Watch .................................

Ex Libris (book reviews) ..................................... 34
                      ARTICLES AND FEATURES

Enough About the Chupacabras Already!
by Magdalena del Amo-Freixedo ................................. 1
UFOs Also Kill Cows That Aren't Mutilated
by Luis Burgos ................................................ 9
Fireballs Over Puerto Rico: UFOs or Military Devices?
by Lucy Guzmán de Pla ........................................ 11
Mexico: Terror in the Northeast
by Ing. Marco A. Reynoso ..................................... 18
The Prostitution of Paranormal Journalism
by Manuel Carballal .......................................... 26


                                1
                     "res inexplicata volans"


Magdalena del Amo-Freixedo shares a common characteristic with
Indiana Jones: "adventure" is their middle name. From the rain
forests of Puerto Rico to the foothills of the Pyrenees, Ms. del
Amo-Freixedo, International UFO editor for Spain's prestigious
ENIGMAS magazine, stops at nothing in her quest for answers to
paranormal mysteries. INEXPLICATA is pleased to showcase her
work in these pages.

Enough About the Chupacabras Already!
by Magdalena del Amo-Freixedo

Publication in February of this year [1997] of a considerable
article in this magazine [ENIGMAS] on the activities of the
Chupacabras opened a motherlode of reports in a variety of media,
including some newspapers having nationwide circulation.

Without going much further, this past September 16th, Diario 16
published a news item that read this: "Portugal. A number of
animals have been slain by a chupacabras. Some twenty sheep were
attached and 9 of them were slaughtered by a mysterious
chupacabras in the village of Touloes in la Beira Baja, a region
bordering Spain. All of the animals appeared with a single
puncture mark on the right side of their throats, with their
capillaries sectioned, and completely drained of blood..."

We found Fernando Soares Espinheiro in his farm at Monte Fidalgo,
not far from the village of Touloes. He very kindly retold the
story of what had happened to his flock and even showed us some
photographs in which the strange wounds are visible. Some of the
sheep had been eaten by predators, but the strange puncture marks
on the neck were clearly evident. The animals were partially or
totally exsanguinated. Those which survived despite their wounds
had lost considerable amounts of blood and were very weak; they
were kept isolated in an open paddock and no longer went out to
the pastures.

We asked Espinheiro about the cause of these killings, and these
were his words on the matter: "I don't know what it could be, but
I don't think it was a wolf, as the biologist Sarmento explained.
In the first place, there are no wolves in this part of the
country. There have never been wolves. In fact, sheep sleep in the
field without shepherds or watchdogs. On the other hand, I
understand this is not how wolves operate. Wolves tear at the
flesh and eat it. Whatever this thing is, it only sucks blood. It
leaves the meat intact."


                                2
                           INEXPLICATA

We had originally thought about skipping this cases since it had
already received considerable coverage in a number of media
outlets, including this magazine. However, certain items of
information expressed in a nationwide specialized publication, as
well as some conclusions considered definitive, contrasted
diametrically with our own data on the subject and our
conclusions. This leads us to discuss the subject without any wish
to engage in polemics.

In the first place, we are making reference to the words of the
employees at Monte Fidalgo. In hard-to-understand Portuguese,
which is an arduous task despite one's knowledge of it, the
workers never referred to a wolf as the cause of the deaths. "This
is nothing I'd ever seen before. This thing's a critter that
wasn't around these parts before...The critter makes a hole in
their necks and sucks their blood through it. It leaves the meat
alone. When the vet came and opened the animal where the hole was,
the meat looked like hamburger...this is one strange critter."
These were the words of Domingo Nogueira. Another employee added
that the holes appeared to have been made by a kind of hole
puncher.

Domingo Afonso Cayado, another of the affected cattle owners,
found two of his sheep dead. Many hours had already elapsed and
the kind of wound could not be seen: vultures, which are abundant
in this part of the country, left little more than skin and bones,
Domingo's farm is separated from Monte Fidalgo by an unpaved road.
His dead animals appeared close to Espinheiro's farm. Domingo's
opinion on the facts was much more conservative, having held the
rank of corporal in the Guardia Civil for many years. His military
background keeps him from considering any explanation which escape
ordinary logic. "This is not a wolf zone. However, that doesn't
mean that a hungry one can't turn up now and then. Furthermore,
what else could it be? It can't be a chupacabras because there
have never been chupacabras in this part of the world, nor any of
those weird animals you find in the Americas." His thought process
caused us to smile and we could not help but tell him: "There
aren't any over there either, at least not officially." I am
making this digression to clarify that contrary to what certain
media outlets reported, Chupacabras activity in the Caribbean and
in other Latin American locations is ongoing. However, there is
complete and utter censorship on the subject in Mexico. The
subject was silenced within twenty-four hours and no further
reports were issued.

A few days ago we received a letter from Ing. Marco A. Reynoso of
the Fundación Cosmos in Monterrey, Mexico, which contained the
following comments: "...the Chupacabras presents a latent danger
to human beings. The result of autopsies performed by the


                                3
                     "res inexplicata volans"

Fundación's doctors show that the perforations in the thorax
become progressively deeper until they strike the heart,
destroying it along with other vital organs such as the liver and
the lungs. Blood, and even some organs, on occasion, are
completely extracted through puncture holes ranging from 1 to 1.5
centimeters...in 70% of the cases, there have been UFO sightings
that very same night or on previous nights, but we have still been
unable to find a direct relationship between both phenomena."

Censorship in Puerto Rico does not operate to such extremes. In
spite of this, some television channels were threatened with the
loss of their broadcasting licenses due to "alarming the
population unnecessarily." The results of blood and genetic
analyses made on a Chupacabras hair sample is alarming. The report
reads: "The results of the analysis lead us to infer that given
the inability to match the sample's characteristics with those of
any known organism, the organism from which it emanated could be
the product of highly sophisticated genetic manipulation, an
organism that is alien to our environment, or perhaps an animal
species hitherto unknown to mankind. Other preliminary analyses of
subclassifications and genetic material are inconclusive, but the
results obtained to date indicate that the sample studied
originates from an organism unknown to modern science."


A Portuguese television channel presented a report comparing the
incidents with those that had transpired in America. The
possibility that the Chupacabras had crossed the Atlantic Ocean
versus the handiwork of some conventional animal alarmed cattlemen
in this and other parts of Portugal. Due to this, following the
lead of other countries that had experienced similar problems, the
Chamber of Agriculture wished to establish that the sheep deaths
had been caused by a wolf. The Chamber's representative, Alvaro
Lopes, said so publicly over the local Gazeta do Interior
newspaper while criticizing the yellow journalism of the report
issued by television. In spite of this, we know that Lopes was
mystified by the wounds on the dead cattle and professed not
knowing what manner of animal could have inflicted them. This
comment was made to a person who for obvious reasons must remain
anonymous. Sarmento, on the other hand, stated that a wolf was to
blame, but not an ordinary wolf -- rather, one having
extraordinary intelligence and experience. What is most intriguing
of these deaths are the puncture marks found on the throat. Some
people offer ridiculous solutions in their urge to unravel the
mystery. On September 10th, the local Povo da Beira newspaper
published the following news item: "Toothless Wolf Kills Nine
Sheep--Mystery Unraveled in la Raia. In Toloues, Indanha-a-Nova,
people were frightened by the mysterious deaths of sheep with
puncture marks on their throats...veterinarians were at first


                                4
                           INEXPLICATA

puzzled because it transpired in the region in which sheep were
afflicted with minuscule wounds still large enough to cause their
deaths. In the end, the mysterious slayer of 28 wolves, allegedly
the Chupacabras, was nothing more than an aging wolf that came
down from the hills in search of food. The results of the study
undertaken by biologists and veterinarians led to the conclusion
that the culprit was an elderly wolf with a single fang." Such a
conclusion strikes us a irresponsible, particularly with the
knowledge of how the Chupacabras has behaved in other countries.
The Puerto Rican Chupacabras, for instance, produces a sort of
elongated proboscis from its mouth -- a rigid tongue -- with which
it makes the incisions. This detail was of double interest to us.
Besides, a few days earlier, Madrid's El Mundo had also published
a news item with similar details: "One hundred sheep turn up dead
in Vizcaya with puncture marks on their necks. Cattlemen believe
that the culprit is a psychopath accompanied by an animal having a
single fang."

We decided to pay the location a visit, making our first stop at
Valle de Las Encartaciones in the county of Balmaseda. In all
honesty, given the delicate sociopolitical situation that exists
in said community, our hopes of finding something worthwhile were
slim. However, we must highlight the kindness with which we were
welcomed as well as the quality of the information we were given.
We were allowed to inspect police files, see the affidavits with
the copies of dead animal photographs, and we were also given the
phone numbers and addresses of the affected parties.

With regard to the wounds on the dead animals, policeman Fernando
Gardiazábal, who had been in charge of handling the complaints
filed by the affected parties, told us that the wounds did not
appear to have been caused by a wolf or wolves. The detail of the
pointed instrument as the cause of the wounds again emerges, as we
can see by one person's testimony. "Several animals had some bones
and vertebrae shattered by some prodding tool that was stuck into
their necks." José Luis Ribacoba also lost some sheep recently,
telling us with a certain degree of astonishment: "The wounds,
aside from being very strange, keep the animals from healing from
them. I don't know what's the matter. Years ago, a wolf would show
up and start killing. It would even tear off a few kilos of flesh
from a heifer or a horse's hindquarters. Upon finding these
animals, they were usually very weak, but we'd cut the skin, heal
them with a medication called permanganate and a concoction made
of wolfsbane, and the wound would heal immediately in spite of its
severity and the animal would continue living as happy as
anything. However, these modern wounds are much smaller and won't
heal."

As to our question of what, in his opinion, was the cause of these


                                5
                     "res inexplicata volans"

deaths, he replied: "I don't know. It's very strange, of course,
something we'd never seen before, but I have no idea what it
is...and the Ertzaintza [Basque police force--Ed.] still hasn't
told me anything. They say that they're investigating, but I'm not
sure if they're just saying so to put us at ease or if they're
really doing something."

Ricardo Fernández, another resident of Balmaseda, has been left
practically sheepless. Thirty of his animals have turned up dead
of the same mysterious circumstances in a single night near the
Angostura region. He believes the culprit is a feral dog with a
killer instinct. "People abandon their dogs when they go on
vacation and the dogs take to the wilderness, becoming feral."

Manuel Trasviña and Felix Diego     have   also   seen   their   flocks
decrease over the past months.

The regions of Espaldaseca, Urbaliza, Ilso, Angostura, Antuñano
and Tromosamos are a few of the scenarios in which the strange
sheep deaths occurred. Farther south, the sylvan peace of the
Urbasa mountain ranges was interrupted by the sudden appearance of
a mysterious killer beast. José Vedayo, a cattleman from
Olazagutía, found one his foals dead: the animal presented wounds
both on the throat and on its shanks. We decided to visit this
mountainous area, which we had only seen in films.

A local cattleman told us that there had never been any wolves in
the area. "Sheep have always slept in the open and nothing has
ever happened." Ana María Ormazábal and her sons Roberto and Juan
María Olazarán were of the same opinion. However, they are certain
that wolves are involved, not because they are native to the
region but because someone released them there. "The area in which
they operate is clearly defined. Someone must've released the
wolves there because if they'd come from somewhere else there
would be a trace, which isn't the case here. Someone must've
released them here." What is most curious is that these wolves
slay their victims, drink their blood and leave their meat intact.
Roberto claims having seen in the darkness two impressive sets of
eyes not far from the flock. For this reason, he has no doubt that
wolves are involved, but what if another "impossible" creature
were the culprit? Whatever it is, this entity has caused a great
effect upon the region. "The animals," Ana María told us, "don't
act like they did before. They come home at nightfall because
they're afraid. Before, they would sleep in the wilderness and
range very far away. They're also giving less milk than before."

Juan María managed to get permission to form a posse and
exterminate any wolves that come into the area. A tough job, since
they are forbidden to use shotguns. They can only arm themselves


                                6
                           INEXPLICATA

with clubs.

Miranda de Arga and Falces are two other locations in which dead
animals have been found. Jose Luis Izu's herd suffered 27 losses
in three separate occasions during 1994. We spoke to him and he
gave us the details: "Sheep would turn up dead with one or two
wounds on their necks. It did suck blood out of some but only
killed the others by biting their throats. It's an animal with a
killer instinct." In spite of not having experienced any wolf
attacks before he is certain that a wolf was responsible for his
losses. We asked him to justify his certainty and asked him if a
wild dog or other creature could be involved. These were his
words: "The animal that killed the sheep was very smart, much more
so than any wild dog. It attacked only when it knew there was no
one around, when the cattlemen had gone away. It was also very
elusive. If we noticed it was there and went after it, it would
flee without us even being able to see it...had it been a dog we
would have caught it without any problem, as we had in the past."
He replied the following when asked if he had seen the wolf or
"thing" that killed his animals: "Once at around 8:30 at night I
noticed the sheep were scared. I went and called them and they
scattered to the sides. There was some kind of black shape in the
middle which I couldn't see very well due to the nightfall. At
first I thought it was a black sheep that had been left behind. I
called it and went toward it--whatever it was ran off at top
speed, jumping over the crags in a way that no dog would be able
to do."

This is a highly interesting detail. In both Puerto Rico and
Mexico, many witnesses claimed having seen "a shape", a "shadowy
form," or "an image" during the attacks -- something that was both
seen and not seen, and vanished at high speed. When José Luis told
us his case, we found it familiar. Although he hadn't seen
anything, he figured it was a wolf. After all, what else could it
have been? "We think the people from Forestry Services released a
pair of wolves equipped with microchips to control them. They
probably released them to see if they could live without attacking
the flocks, and if that was successful, they would release more of
them. The fact is that after the attacks, a number of helicopters
which must have belonged to the Guardia Civil flew over the
Peralta mountain range. They were almost surely controlling them
and took them away."


While all of this is happening today, it isn't the first time that
cattlemen in this region have faced a similar problem. In 1986,
the herds of Aragon's Cinco Villas area endured the attacks of a
dangerous assailant. The Diario de Navarra reported: "The strange
animal attacking sheep in Navarra's Ribera Alta is apparently very


                                7
                     "res inexplicata volans"

large, agile and runs at high speed. No one has been able to
identify it, which is the reason why speculation as to its nature
is ongoing."

As in other cases we have looked into, there are ready-made
opinions. Some believe that wolves are involved; others insist
upon feral dogs. Some witnesses claim that a large cat is
involved. The manager of Grupo Lanar, Enrique Malo, stated that it
is "a smart, quick animal that does not attack humans". It was
also speculated that the cause of the animal deaths could be a
pair of pumas with their cubs. The rumor was based upon the
discovery of some very large prints, some of them the size of a
human hand, next to the smaller ones. According to declarations
made by Grupo Lanar's manager on the behavior patterns of these
animals, "the puma is an animal who smells things five kilometers
away. It doesn't attack cattle when humans are near. It normally
enters and exits the way it came with extraordinary speed,
managing to clear fences two meters tall in a single jump."

Something that calls the attention of local residents is the wide
sphere of operation of the creature. It leads them to believe that
the father is possibly in one area and the mother and her cubs in
another. Nor can they explain the provenance of these pumas.
However, popular imagination is so fertile that an explanation to
the mystery was soon found. According to some, the animals were
escapees from a circus which had visited the town of Fraga. Others
believe the culprit to be "the German", a very strange man who
trains hunting dogs at his farm in Carbonera. Someone claims
having seen puma cubs there during a fire on this property.
However, when interrogated by the Guardia Civil on the matter,
"the German" refused having owned any such animals. Some friends
of ours visited "the German" in recent days and found him to be a
very normal person and not in the least bit weird.

The problem was solved shortly after: neither feral dogs nor "the
German"'s pumas were involved. An enormous 52 kilogram wolf was
shot to death by elements of the Guardia Civil participating in a
posse organized by the locals of Biota. The "terrible beast" was
displayed in the town square. The news item in Diario de Navarra
is a gem and reminds us of those children's stories in which the
Big Bad Wolf plays the heavy: "Once in the town square, it was
hung by its rear legs. Its outstretched body made it seem larger.
A puddle of blood could be seen gathering beneath its head on the
ground. It aroused the curiosity of all the townspeople and many
others came from all around Cinco Villas to witness the display."

Quite correctly, Biota's veterinarian, Fernando Labena, wondered
if that particular wolf could have been the cause of all the
carnage in the area in spite of its size and weight. "It's a large


                                8
                           INEXPLICATA

wolf, but my personal opinion is that it is not the only cause of
the problem." In fact, it wasn't. The problem continues unabated
without anyone knowing who is behind these killings. Popular rumor
and fantasy get the better of people, who are always looking for
an known enemy to fight. However, when talking to them face-to-
face, they are aware that something else may be at play here.
"Something's been dumped here that wasn't around before," said an
experienced farmer. Many of them now speak in terms of "that
critter" when retelling their hapless stories.

In summarizing the characteristics of this elusive predator, we
could say the following:

-- It acts at night when farm animals are alone.
-- It kills for sport, leaving flesh intact and only sucking
blood.
-- It is very agile and fast. No one has seen it clearly. It can
run and jump at high speeds.
-- It has a wide radius of operations. It may strike at locations
distant from each other in a single night.
-- It leaves one or two holes in the animal's neck.
-- Tissue surrounding the puncture (under the skin) appears to
have been ground.
-- Wounds seem to have been inflicted by a punching tool or awl.
-- Dead animals are completely or partially exsanguinated.
-- Wounded animals heal with difficulty and many of them die.
-- They have been heard to make strange growls.
-- It is speculated that the animal has only one tooth.

In spite of all the bears, the wolves, the feral dogs and a
menagerie of other predators as a cause of the deaths, there is
always an unexplained angle, which is the one that interests us.
This part remains in the unexplained file today as it did
yesterday. To conclude that the strange deaths are the work of
humans who conduct secret experiments in tropical jungles and in
the Iberian mountains seems a paltry explanation to us. To believe
that this is the definitive solution shows a certain lack of
panoramic vision and of the ability to fit certain pieces of the
puzzle which can only be put into their places by moving backward
in time and analyzing similar events which took place in distant
ages. The cattle farmers of today, just like those of an earlier
age, are exposed to having the "evil beast", which is perhaps
interdimensional, continue to act with impunity in the face of
human impotence.

The following article comes from our friend and colleague Dr.
Carlos Iurchuk's "El Dragón Invisible" (The Invisible Dragon)
and is written by Luis Burgos, an Argentinean UFO writer and


                                9
                        "res inexplicata volans"

investigator.

UFOs Also Kill Cows That Aren't Mutilated
by Luis Burgos

Introduction

One of the greatest enigmas of the UFO phenomenon began in the
early 1970's when a number of states in the U.S. produced hundreds
of reports on strange cattle deaths by mutilation -- their organs
removed and their blood extracted. From that point on, the "cattle
mutilation enigma" spread in a less virulent form to some Central
American and Caribbean countries such as Puerto Rico, and with
isolated episodes manifesting themselves in the Southern Cone,
particularly in Brazil and Argentina.

With the passing of time, the hypothesis that cattle mutilations
were in fact experiments by the U.S. Air Force, employing black,
silent helicopters for purposes of bacteriological warfare against
beef cattle, sheep and even horses, began to gain strength.

But just as the subject began to "retreat statistically" from the
archives of ufologists, similar stories began to emerge with the
presence of Puerto Rico's "Moca Vampire" and   today's mysterious
"Chupacabras", which has made startling appearances in the USA,
Puerto Rico, Venezuela and perhaps even Brazil. All of these
enigmas have a single point in common: the sightings of nocturnal
lights in the vicinity of the events. In other words, UFO
sightings.


Not All Are Mutilated
The purpose of this article is to enhance the statistics of
"effects upon animals", cows in particular, but placing distance
between itself and the "historically famous mutilations" which of
themselves already form a monumental database and are the subject
of independent analyses. I am specifically referring to animal
deaths produced by the passing of a UFO. While such events are not
numerous, they nonetheless represent a new aspect.

The Events
Correa, Province of Sante Fe (Argentina).
In October 1968, thirty-two UFO landing marks appear on a field
owned by the Damiani brothers in Correa, Santa Fe province. The
marks appeared after a fly-by of lights over the area which
constituted Argentina's "first massive landing". Witnesses later


                                  10
                           INEXPLICATA

found the body of a calf whose bones had been shattered precisely
in the area of the landing marks.

Alegrete, Brazil
Toward late October, 1970, on a fine sunny afternoon, Pedro
Machado,66, and his son Eurípides, 23, who were looking after the
cattle in a farm on Alegrete's First District were stunned to
observe a calf moving in a direction parallel to the ground at a
height of one meter over the ground. The animal then began moving
up into the air "as if absorbed by an invisible force."
It vanished out of the witnesses' sight some 3 to 4 minutes later.
The remains of the calf were never found. Both indirect
protagonists of this event were well thought-of in their
community.

Estación Gil, Province of Buenos Aires (Argentina)
In the early morning hours of September 20, 1971, young Octavio
D'Annunzio was heading toward his home in Estación Gil, Coronel
Dorrego prospect, in the Province of Buenos Aires, when an
unidentified flying object flew over the region at high speed,
allowing many local residents to see it. The UFO's approach causes
significant symptoms upon D'Annunzio. When military personnel
investigates the events, they discover the presence of high levels
of radiation, to the extent that film appeared clouded and a
number of cows died in a standing position, with their tongues
chewed. Carrion birds did not approach the area. This case
contains details that are very important to UFO research.

Atalaya, Province of Buenos Aires (Argentina)
In late 1985, when I had the opportunity to investigate the
spectacular events at Atalaya with my team from the FAO (Argentine
Ufological Foundation), which set the world record in UFO
landings, leaving 150 landing marks in a single field, we were
able to witness the maneuvers of 4 UFOs over 45 minutes while they
performed a veritable air show. A few days later, a completely
burned and desiccated cow appeared at a site that had already been
surveyed by a number of members. The animal did not appear to have
been mutilated, but rather having been exposed to a great thermal
source. Unfortunately, we had no way of transferring the carcass
to a suitable place for study.

Refuco, Chile
At 9:00 p.m. on August 2, 1988, Luis Viveros and his wife Rosa
Angulo, along with their 6-year-old son Rodrigo, witnessed "a red
light that descended from the sky. The night was stormy although
it was not raining, and thunder could be heard in the distance.
Suddenly, a powerful detonation caused all the windows in their
house to shatter. Frightened, the Viveros opted to head for a
neighboring farm. The following morning, when Rosa went to check


                                11
                     "res inexplicata volans"
on the cows, she noticed that the wire fence has been downed, the
trees were broken and that her house had become uneven due to
disruptions in the terrain. But the most perplexing discovery had
to do with two of their cows: one of them was dead, as if frozen,
an the other was alive but rigid, also giving the impression of
being frozen, for which reason it was necessary to slaughter it.
UFOs were seen over the region that evening at La Unión, close to
Osorno. Reports from the Argentine Patagonia were also received.

Victoria, Province of Entre Rios (Argentina)
During the media-reported events in Victoria, province of Entre
Rios, which started in 1991, some ufologists noticed the presence
of field animals which had died in strange ways, including a
number of cows. These events were associated with the UFO
sightings made in the area.

Realicó, Province of La Pampa (Argentina)
A strange phenomenon took place in Realicó, province of La Pampa,
beginning at 10 p.m. on the stormy night of Sunday, August 7,
1994. During the course of almost three hours, dozens of cows and
horses ran around as if "frightened" by something. 60 millimeters
of rain fell during the night and a powerful thunderclap rent the
air while a strange buzzing sound made itself noticed. On the
following day, ranchers faced a horrifying scene: a number of cows
and horses had torn through barbed wire fences and died due to the
injuries received during their mad stampede. The causes of the
incident were never ascertained, but a number of local residents
insisted on having seen a "flying light" over the fields.

San Manuel, Province of Buenos Aires
Shortly after the incident in the Pampas, in 1994, we have word of
a smaller case having similar characteristics when the residents
of San Manuel became aware that animals had suddenly become
spooked after the passage of a UFO, with serious consequences for
some of the bovines.

Lucy Guzmán de Pla, Director of Compuserve's Puerto Rico Forum,
is one of the few women involved in UFO/paranormal research on
that island. Her experience includes field investigation of UFO
reports and abductee testimony. Ms. Guzmán de Pla joins
INEXPLICATA as a Contributing Editor.

Fireballs Over Puerto Rico: UFOs or Military Devices?
by Lucy Guzmán de Pla

Late 1997 and early 1998 represented a period of considerable
activity in Puerto Rico: The U.S. Navy was conducting maneuvers as


                                12
                           INEXPLICATA

a prelude to operations in the Middle East, while floating
missiles washed up on the beaches of Loíza, Yabucoa and Humacao.
If tests were being conducted 200 miles off shore, why would these
missiles wash up on beaches? An armed forces communique
distributed to the media simply stated that the missiles were
harmless and that "currents" had caused them to drift toward the
island.


Simultaneously, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration
(NASA) was preparing its Coquí II Project and the launching of 11
rockets from February 12 to April 9th from the former U.S.
military base at Camp Tortuguero. This project was met with strong
opposition by the Comité Contra los Experimentos Ambientales, the
mayor and municipal assembly of Vega Baja, and other ecological,
civic and religious organizations protesting the absence of
information on the project. They were fearful of a repeat of the
events which transpired in 1992, as well as of the fact that the
boosters would release into the atmosphere a chemical compound
known as "bromo-trifluoro-methane", whose use is forbidden by
international treaties due to its devastating effect upon the
ozone layer.

NASA assured local residents, protesters and environmentalists
that there was nothing to fear. However, a NASA official
acknowledged that bromo-trifluoro-methane had indeed been used in
1992, but insisted that this time, aluminum trimethrol (TMA) would
be employed, stating: "The reason for which we have chosen TMA is
precisely because it has not been recognized as a harmful
chemical."

The project's goal was the evaluation of the electrical properties
and turbulence of the upper atmosphere. Five of the twelve rockets
launched five kilograms of TMA into the atmosphere while the
remaining six contained instrumentation necessary to carry out the
project.

According to Mr. Maximo Cerame Vivas, scientific advisor to the
Economic Development Administration, TMA would oxidize and turn
luminous once in space, enabling it to be visible from the ground
and that scientists would determine the impact of atmospheric
turbulence upon communication satellites in orbit. After 20
minutes had elapsed, the TMA would break down into carbon dioxide,
water vapor, aluminum oxide and other substances in the upper
atmosphere without having any harmful effects on the lower
atmosphere or on Earth itself.

There were also reports of mysterious fireballs on the island
during this same time period. One of these cases was that of Mr.


                                13
                     "res inexplicata volans"
Antonio (Tony) Sánchez, who experienced a possible CE2K with
evidence. The case produced secondary effects on witnesses,
researchers and also produced electrical effects in the Sánchez
home. The event's characteristics led me to dig a little deeper
into the case and share it with you, our faithful readers.

The Sánchez Family's Experience

It all started on Sunday, March 22, 1998. Mr. Sánchez's family was
enjoying a peaceful domestic day in his home in San Juan, Puerto
Rico's Ocean Park neighborhood. Suddenly, at around 11:30 P.M.,
Mr. Sánchez, along with his wife, son and dog, heard a loud sound
which lasted "approximately 5 minutes." They gave it little
significance, until another even louder sound split the air 5
minutes later, originating from the Sanchez's backyard. Mrs. Jose
Trudel, Sánchez's wife, began screaming; the two-year old child
cried and the family dog hid and refused to emerge. Heading
towards the gate that led to the back yard, Mr. Sánchez went to
find the source of the noise, since his wife claimed having seen a
flash of light in originating in the same area.

Upon reaching the gate, Sánchez was startled to see a ball of fire
measuring some 3 feet in diameter--deep red in color--which gave
off rays or sparks from its middle. He was unable to see through
the brightness, which was accompanied by a sort of steam similar
to highly-illuminated water vapor. According to Sánchez testimony,
the ball resembled a slowly-descending sphere that remained
suspended in the air for some 8 seconds before suddenly
disappearing, leaving nothing behind but what appeared to be water
vapor.

Shortly after, red and white lights made themselves visible on the
home's walls. The lights rose gradually [sic] but the family was
unable to ascertain its provenance. A few minutes later, the
Sánchez's heard the sound of a low flying aircraft. By the sound,
the elder Sánchez thought it sounded like a military airplane,
stating that his ability at distinguishing aircraft noises came
from having worked at the local international airport.

On Monday, March 23, Sánchez noticed strange dark marks on the
screen of his T.V. set, also noticing that whenever came close to
the gate leading to the backyard, a strange itch would invade his
body; dizziness would soon follow, along with a pressure on his
chest. The entire area seemed bathed in heat.

Beginning to worry, he decided to place a call to the F.B.I.. An
agent flatly told them that "they" had nothing to do with such
matters and advised him to contact the local police headquarters.
Sánchez had little luck there, either. A police officer


                                  14
                           INEXPLICATA

(identified as Agent Quiñones) advised him to place a call to
Channel 11. In doing so, Sánchez managed to speak to reporter
Susan Soltero, who agreed to visit his home along with reporter
Margarita Aponte and a cameraman. Soltero conducted an interview,
produced a video for Channel 11's news broadcast, and advised Mr.
Sánchez to contact Dr. Andrew Alvarez, an anthropologist and
freelance UFO researcher. On Tuesday, March 24, both men managed
to speak about the matter and agreed on an appointment for Friday,
March 27.

Sánchez's Neighbor Suffers Physical Effects

Luis Carrido, Sánchez's next door neighbor, was curious about the
events and decided to investigate. When he showed up, Sánchez was
on the phone, so Carrido decided to enter the backyard on his own,
where he spent approximately 15 minutes. He entered then entered
the house and told Sánchez that he was leaving since he was
feeling dizzy and fatigued.

Two hours later, Carrido was taken to San Pablo hospital in the
town of Bayamon, complaining of fever, an itching sensation
throughout his body, dizziness, general discomfort and red
blotches all over his skin. The blotches felt like air bubbles
inside his skin, and were hard to the touch. He was placed on an
I.V. by a physician and subsequent tests performed could find
nothing wrong with him.

Carrido received a telephone call while in the hospital: an
alleged "secret agent" asked him to refrain from making any
comments on the case and what had transpired there. Even more
curious was the fact that Sánchez also received a similar call
with a the same indication. Even more curious is the fact that the
attending physician at San Pablo hospital also received a phone
call (according to Sánchez), and that he was replaced by "a very
strange doctor" who followed up on Carrido's progress.

Tuesday, March 24th: Carrido was surprised at the change in care
givers. A "very strange" doctor entered the room, did not utter a
word at the patient, gave orders for a medication to be injected
into the IV, and promptly left.

Wednesday, March 25th: Carrido was told that he "had to leave the
hospital". The patient explains that the "strange doctor" must
have put some kind of antidote into the IV, since all his symptoms
had vanished.

A few days later, Carrido returned to the hospital to request a
copy of his medical record and the names of the attending
physicians. He was told that patient records were erased every two


                                15
                       "res inexplicata volans"
days from the computer and that his request could not be met.

The EPA Investigates

At the request of Dr. Andrew Alvarez, a team from the
Environmental Protection Agency visited the Sánchez home twice.
During their initial visit, says Sánchez, they turned up wearing
what appeared to be space suits. They unloaded their equipment,
which consisted of: two Geiger counters, one with a wide area
sensor, the other with a narrow area sensor; two Hand-held flame
ionization detectors; one photo ionization air monitor. All of
them wore EPA badges on their outfits.

The team headed for the backyard and concentrated their
investigation on the site where the fireball had first been seen.
They consulted among themselves, took soil samples, interviewed
both Sánchez and Carrido, and when they were done, they took off
their uniforms, threw them in a bag and gave it to Sánchez to
dispose of, advising him that:

1. No radiation had been found on the site.
2. No abnormal contamination had been detected.
3. That there was something strange there, but they had no idea
what it was.
4. He should avoid going into the backyard for the time being.


After approximately a week and a half, Sánchez still did not have
a reply from them and decided to call them in hopes of getting
one. The phone call resulted in a second visit.

The day that the EPA team returned, Drs. Andrew Alvarez and Edwin
Velázquez--who investigated the Sánchez case--happened to be
present at the residence. A special agent also visited the house
and proceeded to interview the EPA team and the scientist
accompanying them, after which he left. The EPA team then told
Sánchez that he would have the results of their research "within a
week and a half." As of June 1998, Sánchez still does not know
what occurred in his own backyard and if his family can once again
make use of their property without fear of any hidden hazards, or
if the fireball may cause secondary effects upon them down the
line.

Drs. Alvarez and Velázquez Research the Case

When Alvarez and Velázques reached the Sánchez home, reporter
Margarita Aponte was also on the scene. The latter wanted to
interview them, but they were unable to contribute much since
their own efforts had not yet begun and they still knew very


                                 16
                            INEXPLICATA

little. They unloaded their equipment, spoke to witnesses, and
visited the site of the curious events.
They found no traces of:
1. Radiation
2. Gentian-wave [sic] anomalies
3. Electromagnetic field anomalies
They obtained samples of:
1. Soil
2. A metal fragment
3. An oily substance
Photographs taken:
1. A television set that presented electromagnetic anomalies.
Slides were taken of the T.V. set while it was off.
2. Even while off, the T.V. set presented spots which increased
and diminished in size and had a silvery, spherical appearance.
3. The site in which the events took place.
Remarks:
1. Surrounding leaves presented small nests or spiderwebs
"apparently" made by small insects. This did not draw their
attention.
2. The surrounding foliage appeared withered and had experienced
changes in color.
3. Fungi were growing on the plants.
4. An oily substance was found on the leaves.
5. The family dog, which had formerly enjoyed going to the
backyard, refused to approach the area.
6. T.V. set presented spots which increased and diminished in size
and had a silvery, spherical appearance
7. After 4 days, the leaves of the surrounding plants became
elongated.

Provisional Results Based on the Evidence

1.   The slide photos taken of the T.V., to the researcher's
     surprise, presented what appeared to be perfect, highly
     detailed human silhouettes. Sánchez claims one of them
     resembles "an indian."
2.   The strange oily substance was taken to Masa Laboratories in
     Bayamón where it was analyzed by one Dr. Colón. The test
     shows that it is a NASA "patented" oil for use in
     aeronautical devices.

Note: The oil sample was sent to another laboratory and results
are still being expected. The slides are still expecting analysis
and the investigation is ongoing.


                                17
                     "res inexplicata volans"

The Researchers Suffer Physical Effects

Friday, March 27: while Alvarez and Velázquez conducted their
field research, they were stricken by an overpowering itchiness.
This led them to finish their work and interview one final witness
before leaving.
Saturday, March 28: Alvarez still felt the itchy sensation and was
also debilitated.
Sunday, March 29: Alvarez became aware of something strange on his
skin.
Monday, March 30: Three welts appeared on Alvarez's back and
thighs, resembling boils. Concerned by this, the researcher phoned
both Velázquez and Sánchez to see if they had experienced any
symptoms. They had not.

When the researchers returned to the Sánchez home, Channel 11
reporter Susan Soltero was on hand to conduct a follow-up report.
She interviewed Alvarez and videotaped the boils on his body.

While the researchers where on site, a putative "Secret Service
Agent" calling himself Mr.Smith phoned Sánchez. Speaking in
perfect English and in an authoritative tone, he ordered Sánchez
to remain quiet and to stop all media exposure, since "they" were
already in control of the situation. Sánchez expressed the fear
that the situation might be of an otherworldly nature; the "agent"
told him not to worry, since "nothing" existed outside this world.
When a phone call was placed to the phone number given by the
alleged agent, they discovered it belonged to a Federal Government
Agency located in the Bronx, New York. The agency appears to have
no connection whatsoever to the Secret Service and of course,
there was no Mr. Smith working there.

Other Witnesses to the Incident:

1. Luisa de la Torre -- saw the same fireball at the same place,
date and time.
2. Tita Mercado -- while visiting some friends in Ocean Park, she
became aware of luminous spheres that appeared to be burning with
fire. She claims that the spheres had points and seem to originate
 from the Barrio Obrero district, flying over their heads and into
the sea, hovering above the reefs from one side to another,
changing places two or three times.
3. Anonymous Friend of Tita Mercado -- A friend of Ms. Mercado
whose name is being kept confidential told her that the night
before the event he noticed a van with enormous floodlights aimed
at the water on the road that comes from Canóvanas and links up
with the 65th Infantry Highway. Allegedly, the van operators
pulled Ms. Mercado's friend over, advised him to remain silent


                                   18
                           INEXPLICATA

about what he had seen, and made a tape recording of his voice
before letting him go.
4. Mrs. Garcia -- claims to live in the Ocean Park area and says
that the balls of light are quite common. At night, she says, she
has seen beautiful lights that change colors, acquire saucer-
shapes, appear to have floodlights, fly along the beaches and
enter and exit the sea.

Similar Cases on the Island During this Period

1. Federico Alvarez (no relation), President of the UFOSCIPR
Organization (a local group devoted to UFO research) reported that
on the evening of February 22, 1998, cases similar to the Sánchez
event were reported in the town of Jayuya's Monte Puntita. He
investigated the case and took soil samples which were sent to a
lab. The lab results show that the soil was contaminated with
lithium and titanium. Giant ferns had been split in half and a
path of burnt vegetation could be clearly seen.

2. Dr. Andrew Alvarez was reminded of May 5, 1997 case in which
some witnesses saw a fireball descend. A fire erupted on the
mountainside. Alvarez investigated the case but found no evidence
whatsoever.

3. On January 12, 1998, the Noti-Uno radio station reported that
fifteen people had seen a fireball hovering over Americo Miranda
Avenue and Barrio Obrero for about 45 minutes, before it
disappeared toward the Fort Buchanan area. The news media later
reported that a weather balloon had crashed. However, the weather
bureau had nothing to say in this regard.

4. On January 12, 1998, Marina Molina Maldonado phoned "Noti-Uno"
to say that in the early morning hours, residents of Arecibo's
Barrio Candelaria had witnessed the passage of an enormous blue
fireball which caused power failures, triggered alarm systems and
even caused clocks to tremble [sic]. Mrs. Molina, her teenaged
sons and several neighbors witnessed the unidentified flying
object, indicating that the object "resembled the sun". However,
an environmental group from that city indicated that it was
probably a military experiment which could cause harm to the
Tortugueros Nature Preserve.

Conclusion

The Sánchez case remains open, since no clear explanation for the
events at this location has been reached.

Dr. Alvarez tends to believe, despite the lack of solid evidence
on which to base his conclusion, that what happened at the Sánchez


                                19
                     "res inexplicata volans"
home was apparently terrestrial in origin and may be linked to
U.S. Navy operations being conducted off the Puerto Rican coast
during that time period.


Ing. Marco A. Reynoso B. is the president of FUNDACION COSMOS
A.C. and a MUFON State Director for Nuevo Leon, Mexico. His
research has included such controversial areas as the Zone of
Silence and the "Birdmen" seen in the Monterrey area. We welcome
Ing. Reynoso to INEXPLICATA with his first contribution, this
time on the subject of the Chupacabras.

Terror in the Northeast
by Ing. Marco A. Reynoso

A few months ago (February 1996), we began hearing about a
mysterious being that attacked sheep, goats, pigeons, chickens and
horses, draining them of their blood. This reminded me of the
infamous cattle mutilations that occurred several years ago,
particularly in Texas, U.S.A., the locality of Matamoros, Mexico,
and the island of Puerto Rico. But these new mutilations presented
a different pattern altogether, since the old mutilations appeared
to affect beef and dairy cattle exclusively and involved the
removal of eyes, tongue and genitals, with the only common factor
between them being the total absence of blood.

On Tuesday, February 27, 1996, during a meeting of the Fundación
Cosmos A.C., one of the members, Javier Alonso, mentioned that a
family friend had just arrived in Monterrey from the town of
Carmen, municipality of Gremes, in the state of Tamaulipas. The
friend informed them of a number of events that were transpiring
in the vicinity of Carmen, such as attacks upon animals and
several UFO sightings to which he himself had been a witness. The
next day, we interviewed Mr. Juan Salaz, who discussed the events
that have the towns of El Barretal, Las Conchitas and Las Crucitas
in a state of unrest (all of this within a 10 kilometer perimeter)
due to the multiple attacks by the Chupacabras. By sheer
coincidence, UFOs have been sighted prior to the attacks.

One of Mr. Salaz's narrations is noteworthy: a dance that was
taking place near a river bed had to be suspended by a tremendous
noise produced by a disk that flew by at low altitude. Salaz
himself has witnessed 2 UFO events and knows of a Chupacabras
witness who'd described it as an ape-like being that walks on two
legs, bent forward, with three claws and three toes on its feet,
covered in brown fur and having large red eyes. A smell akin to
burned wood seemed to issue from it. In the light of such an


                                20
                           INEXPLICATA

interesting case, and with the latest attack having occurred less
than a week earlier, we made ready to visit the region.

On Friday, March 2, 1996, a research team composed of Jose
Cabriales, Leopoldo Zambrano, Javier Alonso, Miguel Mosqueda,
David Marcos and this author, reached Carmen at around midnight.

We were welcomed at the home of Javier Alonso's uncle, who offered
us lodging. The following day we visited R. Juan Salaz, who took
us to the home of Gregorio Grimaldo, the owner of a dog accused of
having perpetrated at least three attacks upon sheep and having
sucked their blood. Gregorio--known as "Don Goyo"--was forced to
pay for the sheep, since their owner claimed the dog had developed
a taste for blood from the chickens sacrificed by its owner to
sell at his butcher shop. After the second event, Don Goyo was
also asked to make restitution. We were able to tell that the dog
was by no means fierce and appeared to be quiet and very tame. The
accusations visited upon Don Goyo were highly illogical, not only
given the dog's demeanor, but in light of the fact that it would
be unable to drink the sheep's blood, since each sheep holds
approximately a liter an half of blood. Between the first and
second attacks, with a total of 37 slain sheep, this would amount
to 55 liters of blood. We also felt the accusation was childish in
considering that a dog's bite would rend the skin and that blood
gushing from such a wound would have poured to the ground.
However, these animals only betrayed three orifices of 1 cm. in
diameter each, which cannot be dog bites and which show no blood
traces whatsoever, neither within the carcass nor on the skin.

Don Goyo, who challenged the accusations, ordered an autopsy
performed on 19 sheep, which was recorded on videotape. This
autopsy was performed by a specialized butcher in the presence of
the state judicial police, and we were able to see the holes in
animals' hides. Some of them present only two puncture marks with
a diameter of between 1 to 1.5 cm. and are located on the spinal
region, not presenting the tear marks that would be made by a dog
or any other known predator. When the hide was removed, enormous
holes with missing muscle tissue and broken bone became evident.
The injuries went deep into the thoracic cavity, which upon being
opened showed missing organs --the kidney on some occasions --
which would have inflicted severe trauma on the animal. Most
shocking of all is the utter absence of blood.

One of these attacks took place in the early morning hours of
February 17, 1996 at the Martha R. Gómez Secondary School #5,
located in El Barretal, Tamps.. We visited this location to verify
and collect possible evidence. The school was empty when we
arrived and were able to inspect the premises calmly. We noticed
scratch marks on the walls of a classroom being used as a holding


                                21
                     "res inexplicata volans"
pen. The glazing on the windows betrayed three fingered marks near
where the creature entered the room, and its possible escape
trajectory presented a very clear three-toed mark left in mud,
much larger than a human hand. This reinforces our belief that a
dog could not have been the cause of the attacks, since dogs have
five toes and their paws are much smaller than a human hand. When
the school caretaker arrived, he remarked that the autopsy report
had been made by an institute in Ciudad Victoria, Tamps., which
claimed that a pack of dogs had attacked the sheep penned inside
the classroom. Only one of the sheep survived and it had a scratch
on its head that left the skull exposed.

We then visited the home of Mr. Leonel Reina, who lost 18 sheep
during the first attack on February 13, 1996. This attack presents
the same pattern as the first ones, except that a cow and its
calf, as well as a pig in a nearby pen, remained unharmed. Mr.
Reina has a German Shepherd dog which did not bark on that night--
it left paw prints of its mad rush to escape the site which
disappear abruptly upon reaching a barbed wire fence and do not
resume on the other side. Mr. Reyna showed us newspapers dated
2.28.96, showing an exsanguinated dead mare in Hidalgo, Tamps..
According to Mr. Reina, the attacks upon animals began in Soto La
Marina, Tamps. and moved on to Abasolo, Tamps. We began to project
a trajectory that might continue on to Linares, Nuevo León. As we
ended the interview, he told us that exactly 7 days before
(Sunday, 2 Feb '96), a UFO had landed in a communal property known
as Nuevo Centro de Población Dolores in Abasolo, Tamps., setting
fire to a swamp. We immediately took to the road again in order to
drive the extra 70 kilometers to the destination.

Arriving at 3:00 p.m., we asked for the site at a food store and
were told how to reach it and given the name of a witness, Prof.
Guillermo Serna, who along with his family retold the events they
had experienced. The family spoke all at once, obviously excited
at recalling the experience and reliving it as they did so. The
Abasolo Case started at 4:00 in the morning a few nights earlier,
when one of the professor's daughter's Marlen Serna, was unable to
sleep and went to sit on one of the chairs in the small restaurant
adjacent to the house. She suddenly noticed a light through the
window and was surprised to see a small red sphere measuring some
40 cm. in diameter which floated noiselessly. The object drifted
away and around the corner of the house, where it was noticed by
one of Marlen's brothers. On February 23, 1996, at around 10:00
p.m., dogs began to bark furiously and the family went outside to
see what was going on. They were surprised to see a dome-shaped,
reddish-orange object measuring some 5 meters in diameter (16.4
ft) hovering above a copse some 50 meters away from the house. A
small being, approximately 1 meter tall, emerged from the craft,
bouncing around in a comic manner as it floated around. This


                                22
                           INEXPLICATA

thrilled the younger children, who believed it was the character
known as "Alpha" from the "Power Rangers" due to its great
similarity. The drawing of the creature shows it producing a blue
light from a belt-like device. At this point, the professor's
wife, Luisa Saldierna de Serna, interrupted to say that the light-
emitting being was similar to one she had seen in a video shown by
Jaime Maussan in connection to the experiences of Mrs. Shara
Cuevas of Metepec, state of Mexico, whom I would have the pleasure
of meeting a year later during the 1st International UFO Congress
held in Mexico City in August, 1995. This is an extremely
important fact, since it corroborates the debated morphology of
this video.

Continuing with her story, Irasema informed us that the sighting
lasted over 20 minutes until the creature returned into the craft
which rose skyward to meet with another similar artifact, both of
which disappeared toward a nearby swamp. Upon seeing this, the
family made the decision to follow both artifacts in their van,
but not before informing the rural police, which also sent a car
in pursuit of the objects. They reached a ranch from which they
were able to witness a brilliant light issuing from a dense
thicket. Aside from the intense orange-red color, an enormous
plume of purplish-grey smoke rose into the sky, filling the air
with a smell described as "burning cardboard". Upon seeing this,
the professor returned told his family that he would venture into
the thicket alone, which connected to an enormous swamp of tule
plants. There he met a ranch hand who had been looking at the
vehicles since their arrival. At that very same moment, they
noticed that the rural police had arrived at the other side of the
swamp and both men withdrew immediately, just in time to see two
humanoid creatures floating over the tule plants: one of them,
some 2 meters tall, accompanied by the smaller one reminiscent of
"Alpha". The professor and the ranch hand witnessed their
maneuvers for a long time, finally tiring since the creatures
showed no intention of stopping their activities any time soon.
The ranch hand remained and the professor returned to his family.

On the following day, February 24, 1996, the professor returned to
the site, where he could see that all of the tule plants had been
burned from above, forming three large circles with a promontory
of tule plants whose tips had merely been singed. [...]

A whitish-purple foam filled the centers of some of the circles,
and the professor was able to find a three-toed, 30 cm. footprint
among the ashes. This left us petrified, since we thought it might
represent a link between the sightings and the "Chupacabras"
attacks. When we checked Serna's drawing and the video we had seen
at El Barretal, the prints turned out to be similar in shape but
not in size: the Barretal one was smaller. Could it have belonged


                                23
                     "res inexplicata volans"
to a larger beast who was roaming the area at the time and also
witnessed the object's descent? Or could it have been a passenger
aboard the craft? Were the "crewmen" perhaps looking for it? These
are mere speculations. The truth will not be known until research
has progressed further.

After being told the story, we were impatient to be taken to the
scene of the events, for which Professor Serna had to sacrifice
attending a religious service with his family. He took us to the
location of his CE3K and showed us the site where the vehicle and
the occupants had been, as well as where the footprint -- now
blown away by the wind, unfortunately,--- had been found. The
experience of witnessing the enormous burned circles was
indescribable: one measured 40 meters, the other 30 meters, and a
smaller one some 20 meters, with all the tule plants burned from
top to bottom, trees and palm trees with their boughs singed.

We were also able to notice that certain plants outside the burned
areas had been affected while others had not. The perimeter of the
small circles on solid ground had been well delineated and
controlled, made not through the use of fire but by means of
intense radiation or irradiation from infrared or ultraviolet
rays, which is characteristic of this phenomenon. Professor
Serna's face was reddened as if he had spent a considerable number
of hours at the beach. Unfortunately, we lacked a Geiger counter
to verify the existence of radioactive residue provoked by some
kind of gamma-ray emission. Serna led us to the far side of the
swamp to compare the burned vegetation with the one at the other
end, which had been burned by a small aircraft collision long ago,
and the tree trunks were normally burned from the bottom to the
top.

We returned to the professor's house by nightfall, where he kindly
allowed us to remain for the night. We kept a series of watches to
see if it was possible to see something in the sky. The first
watch ran until 2:00 a.m. and fell to David Marcos, Leopoldo
Zambrano and Miguel Mosqueda, while the following one fell to
Javier Alonso and myself. Around 3:00 a.m., we entered into the
van and in a state between sleep and wakefulness, instinct caused
me to turn around and to my right, where I could see a strange
whitish light zig-zagging in the night sky. Getting my camcorder
going, we woke the others, who were also able to see the event
until it vanished into the horizon. After this, a deep, heavy
sleep came over us until around 5:00 a.m., when I became aware of
a voice telling me that the dogs were barking. I struggled to open
my eyelids and noticed dawn was breaking; the sound of barking
dogs filled the air, but we were still unable to wake up. Later
on, we learned that the professor and Mrs. Serna had gotten out of
bed to see a spherical object flying at low altitude, which


                                24
                           INEXPLICATA

apparently bathed our van in orange light. Were we subjected to
some kind of scan? Were the researchers researched themselves?

That morning we returned to the site at the swamp to gather water,
plant, stone and ash samples for analytical purposes, perhaps
through MUFON...During the course of our stay at the swamp, a
worker arrived and we asked to speak to the ranch hand who had
also witnessed the event. We were told that the man had gone
missing that very same night, which alarmed us greatly. The owner
of the ranch appeared later, ready to reach the heart of the swamp
to investigate the burned circles. We took advantage of the
meeting to inquire after the missing worker; the owner replied
that we shouldn't concern ourselves with the matter -- he had sent
the man to another ranch to carry out other tasks. Relieved to
hear that this was the case, we departed, hoping to return and
interview the witness. Before leaving, the ranch owner told us
that only a few days before our arrival, two military men and a
civilian from a government agency had turned to investigate the
event, thinking it might have been involved the collision of a
drug smuggler's small aircraft. Having confirmed that the event
bore no relation whatsoever to the drug trade, the men left.

We left the area, begging the professor to please keep us abreast
of any further developments. I'd like to take this opportunity to
thank the Serna family for their kindness and help.

On Tuesday, April 9, 1996, we received a phone call from Professor
Serna in Abasolo. He informed us that on Tuesday, March 5, 1996,
two days after our visit to the area, a group of foreigners
dressed   in  special   white-and-blue  suits,   face   masks  and
considerable sophisticated equipment. They made the ranch hand who
had witnessed the event lead them to the burned swampland, forced
him to take a liquid along with a pill and subjected him to an
interrogation. After that, the foreigners entered the swamp to
reach the middle of the circles and the domes formed by tule
plants. The ranch hand told all of this to the professor, who
asked them if the foreigners had been Americans. The ranch hand
replied that they weren't, and while he didn't speak any English,
he thought that the men seemed like Russians to him. The farm
worker indicated that since his experience with the foreigners, a
number of strange words and numbers were occupying his mind, which
he found highly distressing. Professor Serna advised me of this
information in case we were able to divine its significance. We
are currently working on it and we hope to return soon, given the
case's importance.

On Thursday, March 21, 1996, I received a phone call at home from
one of the members of the Fundación, telling me that his wife had
just heard a local T.V. show that a strange animal attack had


                                25
                     "res inexplicata volans"
occurred in a municipality not far from Monterrey.

I immediately got in touch with Monterrey's Channel Two's news
department to request information; reporter Clemente Almariz
provided us with the particulars that would lead us to the town of
El Faisan in the municipality of Villa Santiago, state of Nuevo
Leon, scarcely 30 kilometers from Monterrey. Our group interviewed
a number of local women who were highly alarmed by the events,
since they had learned of the infamous "Chupacabras" through
television programs detailing its exploits in the Caribbean,
Miami, Los Angeles and that very same week, San Antonio, Texas.
One of the women, a relative of the affected party, told us that
very strange sounds had been heard on the night in question, as if
something very heavy had fallen from the sky. It was followed by
three footsteps and the sound of furiously barking dogs, which
caused the family to bolt themselves inside their home. One of the
woman's daughters told us that she worked for the Secretaría
Federal de Protección al Ambiente (Mexican EPA) and that her
supervisor had stated that investigations were currently underway
in other cases in Linares, Nuevo Leon and in this very zone itself
-- thus confirming the trajectory I had supposed that the attacks
would follow.

From there, we visited Mr. Javier Badillo, who was not in at the
moment, but whose family very kindly showed us the pen into which
the creature had penetrated. The intruder would have found it
necessary to move a handle crossbar and a heavy block that held
the door shut in order to kill eleven chickens, then go under a
wire fence to kill a goose and a duck, leaving alive only one hen
with a scratch on its back and a duck with a broken leg. Three-
toed scratch-marks were found on the ground and one of the family
members told us that another footprint had been found, but rains
had washed it away.

We were then shown where the dead animals had been dumped. Their
carcasses showed almost no decomposition at all, and were intact:
no other predators had touched them. Incisions could be seen along
their spine, and they appeared bloodless. No blood was found in
the pen, either. We asked to take a chicken carcass with us for
autopsy purposes...the family showed us a copy of the autopsy
performed by a Monterrey-based institute, indicating that the
deaths had been caused by an owl -- something which country folk
know only too well not to be true. Our own autopsy showed that the
decomposition rate was very slow with barely any noticeable
changes in pigmentation; the specimen presented two puncture marks
measuring 1 to 1.5 cm. in depth and with a separation of 5 cm. by
our caliper. The fangs on dogs, coyotes and apes only have a
separation of 1 to 1.5 cm. The trajectory of these wounds went
through the heart, destroying vital organs such as liver, lungs,


                                26
                           INEXPLICATA

intestinal area and leaving the animal completely exsanguinated.
In short, a very precise and selective attack that affected the
vital organs and destroyed the heart -- a tremendous trauma for a
small animal.

Cases Involving Families Accosted by the Goatsucker

On the last Saturday of Easter Week, 1995, four families decided
to go hunting at a ranch located in Allende, Nuevo Leon. The
property was fenced in and the younger members decided to follow a
trail in the late afternoon. Their surprise at coming across a
gelatinous substance and shredded skin in the middle of the path
is readily imaginable. Frightened by the sight, the youngsters
turned home, only to find more green slime and shredded skin on
the way.

At nightfall, the frightened family bolted itself behind the doors
of the ranch house. Something had followed the children home and
spent the entire night forcefully scratching the main door. No
attempt was made to look at the source of the sounds, much less go
outside and investigate. At dawn, one of the adults managed to see
a silhouette some 1.20 meters tall outside; the cars in which they
had arrived were covered with the same gelatinous, slimy
substance.
A subsequent visit to the ranch yielded the discovery of two dead
tlacuaches in the swimming pool.

None of the family members was willing to discuss the frightening
experience; the details were learned from a neighbor who got in
touch with the author, and who tried to convince them to discuss
the situation. All efforts were in vain.

The Cerro Pajarito, Chihuahua, Case

The case involves the experience of a group of teenagers during
the month of December '89/January '90 as they traveled to visit a
series of caves located in Cerro Pajarito following the road
leading from the Casas Grandes archaeological site to Ciudad
Juárez, Chihuahua. The odyssey was retold by Alvaro Villareal:
they found along their path two dead, 3 point deer and one doe.
The carcasses were not rigid and the eyes had been eaten by ants.
Three perforations, spaced at 3 cm., were on their necks forming a
triangle. Footprints similar to those of a puma were seeing in the
area.

When the group entered into one of the caves, they heard squealing
sounds and smelled an odor of burned wood; standing on an
outcropping 15 meters away was an entity resembling the one
described as the "Chupacabras", which advanced toward them. Seized


                                27
                        "res inexplicata volans"
by panic, one of the would-be speleologists drew his pistol and
fired an entire clip at the creature, which was impervious to the
hail of bullets. The group ran out of the cave, uncertain if the
creature was dead or not. They also claim having encountered a
thin, metallic green entity standing some 80 cm., which they took
to be an "extraterrestrial". Drawings were subsequently made of
both creatures.

The Juárez, N.L. Case

55 dead goats and sheep died in a strange manner and were left
with only watery blood in their bodies. The owners of the ranch in
question held a festivity on April 10, 1996, and one of the
owner's sons noticed a figure standing above the house; those
inside were able to hear footsteps. Subsequently, 2 roosters, 1
hen and 40 goats at a neighboring farm were slain. An inspection
of the premises yielded no evidence, since the incident had
occurred long ago.

Hypothesis on the Unknown Biological Entity (UBE):
My personal hypothesis, generated through the observation of the
rigid steps indicated by the scientific method, which are
observation, experimentation and formulation of a hypothesis, it
is possible that the entity is a sentient being using
sophisticated organic collection equipment, a pair of flexible,
harpoon-type metal probes by means of which it can suck blood and
parts of organ tissue, perhaps for use in some kind of genetic
experimentation [...]. It could also be a new species of unknown
predator produced by some kind of genetic deterioration.


Spanish journalist and police consultant Manuel Carballal needs
no introduction. The boldest of Spain's "3rd generation" of
paranormal researchers, Carballal work has earned the wrath of
his peers and elders in the UFO/paranormal field. The following
article "The Prostitution of Paranormal Journalism" caused such
a stir in Spain that certain researchers were taken to the
emergency room complaining of chest pains. See for yourselves.

The Prostitution of Paranormal Journalism
by Manuel Carballal
(Reprinted by permission from EL OJO CRITICO #23)

When a young person, with the charming naiveté of youth,
approaches the world of the unexplained, he or she does so with
the same impeccable candor with which certain boys or girls dream


                                  28
                           INEXPLICATA

of being nurses, firemen or missionaries "when they grow up." They
avidly consume their weekly allowances on esoteric magazines and
books on ufology--usually second-hand, since allowances aren't
usually enough for new items, unless of course, it is the latest
book by Benitez, Ribera, Del Oso or another "luminary" of the
paranormal world. Such books are read in a single shot, snatching
valuable sleep and study time from the math exam for which we
ought to be preparing rather than mainlining the life and works of
Allan Kardec or the adventures of the Ummites on Earth.

Before you know it, you've blown your allowance on Año Cero,
Enigmas or Mas Alla (in my time it was Karma-7, Universo Secreto
or Mundo Desconocido) rather than having spent it on going to
discos, movies, booze or even a little bit of pot, like most
"normal" teenagers would do. That sweet gullibility, which ranges
between mythomania and curiosity, makes us thrill to the latest
exploits of the most popular ufologist, who successfully avoids
military strictures to uncover a new official report on UFO
activity; or perhaps the latest lab experiment that a daring
parapsychologist has set up to study the increase of telepathic
messages during sleep, or even the entrancing odyssey of the
clever researcher who has managed to infiltrate the ranks of a
Satanic sect to uncover the secrets of the "Dark Side"...

As absurd as it may seem, some teenagers mythologize paranormal
researchers to the extent of replacing photos on their school
binders, or worse yet, the posters on their walls, with the photos
of some astroarchaeologist standing by the Great Pyramid or beside
the Faces of Belmez rather than the likeness of Silvester Stallone
or the latest Spice Girls concert (it would have been AC/DC in my
time). Paranormal researchers represent, to these youths, not mere
mortals who try to seek answers to some scientific enigma, but
rather, a genetic hybrid of Indiana Jones and Fox Mulder, whose
honesty is of course unquestionable. A vain presumption...

We were all young and to a lesser or greater extent, went through
that sweet mythomanic phase. I still remember, in those days when
my weekly allowance wasn't great enough to buy a tape recorder,
holding a flashlight between my teeth to take notes, under the
bedcovers, while I listened to paranormal radio shows like Antonio
José Ales "Media Noche", Enrique de Vicente's "En el Filo de la
Navaja", or Miguel Blanco's "Espacio en Blanco" (my parents--as
any parents would--disapproved of my skipping sleep to listen to
"esoteric foolishness"). I still have those school notebooks
filled with hurried notes of the extraordinary revelations made by
the guests to those now legendary broadcasts, before their words
faded into the Hertzian waves. The same happened with TV. I did
not own a VCR when i sat mesmerized by Dr. Jimenez del Oso's
"Puerta de Misterio" every Sunday. Today, with the perspective of


                                29
                     "res inexplicata volans"
years, I feel silly when looking through those notebooks,
frantically filled with scrawled reproductions of the graphical
reconstructions featured in Dr. Del Oso's program/

How was it possible for my schoolteachers to be ignorant of the
earth-shaking    revelations   on    history,   the    beyond    or
extraterrestrial life that I heard on those programs, or read in
specialized magazines? Thank God for Antonio Ribera, Antonio Jose
Ales, Enrique de Vicente, Prof. Darbó, etc., who like some legion
of Crusaders of the "Truth" challenged the system to rescue us
from our ignorance, and the manipulation of the powers that be...

Conferences and seminars would come later. For a 16 to 18 year old
student,   collecting    the   5000   peseta    admission   to   a
parapsychological convention, or the monthly installments for the
Advanced Parapsychology Courses offered by the Instituto de
Ciencias Parasicologicas Hispano Americano (at the time led by
Prof. Darbó), or Dr. Rovatti's Practical Hypnosis courses,
represented a heroic task, but well worth it. During those
conferences, where I had the privilege of listening in person to
these demigods of paranormal knowledge, I though that I had a
chance of finding answers to great mysteries. If I was lucky, I
might also stand a chance at getting an autograph from one of
those Heroes of the Mysterious, perhaps a dedicated copy of their
latest book. Even today, 15 years later, the majority of teenaged
paranormal fans flock to conventions in the naive belief that the
Truth they seek will be found there. As if someone could indeed
offer that Truth, much less contain it in a slideshow...they still
request autographs as if they stood before the Spanish soccer team
or the Rolling Stones. Of course, a scrawled signature from
Butrageño or "Lips" Jagger is a fetish as worthy as that of any
paranormal researcher.

But the years go by and one becomes more critical, discovering
that the "perfect cases" aren't all that perfect after all...that
the Easter Island moais aren't as tall or as heavy as Von Daniken
claimed, and that not all Martians are Aukkians, as Sesma
insisted...that not all psychic recordings are the voices of
discarnate spirits, that not all UFOs are alien spaceships, that
not all Satanic sects eat babies raw. What is most terrible is
that one ends up knowing these sainted personalities--once known
only through radio or magazine photos--in person, only to learn
that they are regular people, with virtues and defects, with good
qualities and sins, like anyone else.

It is then that the idealistic, mythomaniacal teenager discovers
that the commercial magazines of the esoteric are just that:
commercial magazines which as such, must yield a profit or
disappear,  which   was  the   ultimate  fate   of  Telepsiquia,


                                30
                           INEXPLICATA

Paraciencia, Espacio y Tiempo or Mundo Desconocido. Radio shows
must generate profits (or at least not create losses) for their
networks. Conventions must generate funds to defray expenses and
pay for the "reputations" of the lecturers...just as in any other
professional field.

One feels tempted by disillusionment. Shouldn't the legendary
seekers of mysteries, those paladins of the Truth, be a kind of
altruistic missionaries of a paranormal priesthood, working solely
out of love for their fellow man? The question answers itself upon
realizing that the commercialization of mysteries is the same that
occurs in any other field of Western civilization. Is medicine not
the most beautiful profession in the universe? Isn't it also true
that famous surgeons amass fortunes? Isn't it also true that a
pauper afflicted by an eye disease is doomed to blindness due to a
lack of funds with which to pay for surgery? Does this mean that
medicine is only for those who can pay? Is it legal to condemn our
physician as charlatans for not practicing the world's most
important profession for free? The answer is no, of course.

In a consumer society, it's logical for a professional to charge
fees for his time and effort. It is logical to have a physician
charge for his/her work, much in the same way that a
parapsychologist or clairvoyant does. But, what happens if the
doctor prescribes pharmaceutical for which he receives a kickback?
What if the surgeon exaggerates his diagnostic to charge an
astoundingly large amount of money? What if the hospital tests new
drugs on its patients? What if the pharmaceutical company fosters
a given disease in order to market its vaccine?

Unfortunately, very much the same occurs in politics,          the
military/industrial complex, the world of finance...or in      the
world of the esoteric.

One day, the callow youth discovers that some of his myths no
longer search for the truth (perhaps they did so at one time) with
their books, broadcasts or conferences. Their goal is now much
more prosaic and immediate: pay the bills at the end of the month.
Because even ufologists, occultists and parapsychologists use
electricity and water in their homes. The rent and the groceries
cannot be swapped for a dissertation on the Stones of Ica or the
Loch Ness Monster...even the most noted occultists need cash. This
isn't a bad thing, its only inevitable. And one day one gets to
meet Antonio José Ales, the fantastic radio announcer with the
deep voice and measured tones, who granted us so many nights of
fantasy and magic. Between drinks, the legendary author of the
S.E.R. radio network's "UFO alerts" confesses that he doesn't
believe in UFOs, the Other World or in ghosts...nor in anything
else he professes. The disenchantment becomes contagious upon


                                31
                     "res inexplicata volans"
discovering that all those fantastic nocturnal stories once
believed to be authentic cases were just that--fantastic stories.
At least to their author, who justified it all by saying: "at my
age, I'm not going to become a sportscaster, and this stuff pays
my bills." Who can honestly reproach this attitude?

Let's take this one step further. What if the newscaster not only
does his job--the unveiling of mysteries--but also provokes them,
much like the doctor who fosters symptoms rather than healing
them? I'll explain. In my opinion, it is proper for a researcher
or popularizer to live off his work (or try to do so!). But the
task of the honest researcher is to solve mysteries rather than
create them. It is quite permissible for Alés to charge--like any
other professional broadcaster--for his ubiquitous UFO Alerts. But
is it legal to knowingly foster the belief in (fraudulent)
paranormal events at the Linares Palace just to publish reports on
them? Of course, I feel it to be quite proper for Prof. Darbó to
receive the well-deserved monies he has coming to him for his
books, programs or his magazine (Karma-7), but is it proper to
knowingly promote the belief in myths that he does not believe in,
such as the "smurf" captured in the forests outside Gerona? I
don't know.

I will take this exercise further still: it is understandably
logical for a means of mass communication to report on all manner
of investigations, theories and conjectures, but is it ethical to
have a specialized medium foster a deliberate opinion on a subject
for the financial gain of third parties?

Here's an example. Over the past 3 months (April, May, and June
1998), Año Cero magazine has devoted 2 covers and 3 main reports
to Egypt. What merits this sudden interest on the mysteries of the
Pharaohs? Has some important development taken place in the land
of the Pyramids that merits the monopolization of the contents of
Enrique de Vicente's magazine? Upon reading the articles, all of
them signed by Manuel José Delgado, one is surprised to recognize
the very same text and photos that the self-proclaimed "greatest
pyramidologist in Europe" (sic) had already published in other
magazines, such as ENIGMAS or MAS ALLA, or--as some Egyptologists
(holding actual degrees) have suggested--had already plagiarized
[...].

What is the reason, then, behind the promotion of these Egyptian
enigmas? Did Delgado perhaps manage to fool De Vicente into
plagiarizing his own texts and paying him again for them? No. The
unfortunate answer can be found in page 35 of issue 95 and page 63
of issue 94. All this display of information (disinformation, I
would say), aimed at promoting an esoteric, mysterious and pro-
extraterrestrial image of Egypt, is in fact an excellent marketing


                                32
                           INEXPLICATA

operation. It is an effort to promote the image of Manuel Delgado
and create expectations among AÑO CERO readers while fostering an
interest in Egypt -- all of this aimed at selling a "voyage of
initiation" to the land of the pyramids. When questioning Bidón
Travel, which brokers this lucrative exploit, Ms. Noemí will
inform us how led by the hand of Manuel Delgado, for only 211.000
pesetas a person (more, if you want full board on the trip), we
can unravel the mysteries of Egypt and engage in "meditation
activities, attraction of energy and the cleansing of chakras"
(sic). I wonder how someone who portrays himself as a "scientific
egyptologist" can clean chakras and capture subtle energies in the
pyramids?

The work of Manuel José Delgado and his questionable theories
about Egypt would merit an entire report. A consummate traveler
with considerable experience in Egypt, he has authored a number of
informative videos about the Great Pyramid which I recommend to
all readers, as I only up to recently recommended the reading of
his works, having devoured them myself with complete fascination.
It was a traumatic deception to discover the disheartening
tendency toward deception and falsification by the author.
Needless to say, nocturnal access to the Great Pyramid, the
alleged underground passages, etc. which he offers in his trips as
the result of his political connections, is in fact within
anyone's reach. It is sufficient to pay the same bribes to
watchmen or archaeological inspectors that Delgado and many other
organizers of similar journeys have paid. However, no one can
challenge the merit of his self education in the contrarian view
of Egyptian mysteries, despite his attempts to pass himself off as
an Egyptologist or a professor of Egyptology.

In 1996 alone, over 120 persons travelled in journeys organized by
Manuel José Delgado. With an extra charge of 40,000 pesetas over
the individual price of each ticket charged by the travel agency
per passenger, and supposing that only 100 people paid their
ticket in full, this provides a benefit of 4 million pesetas in
black money for Delgado and his assistants. Add to this the
"travel fund" (an additional ten to 20,000 pesetas) that each
traveler would contribute once in Cairo (ostensibly for tips) for
press reports, videos and conferences to be developed by Delgado
after his stay in Egypt.

While a museum of archaeology, a university or a travel agency may
promote trips to Egypt for purposes of tourism or education,
Delgado's journeys include "initiation experiences," "activation
of the human chakras in the Egyptian telluric chakras," "past life
regressions" (by sheer coincidence, everyone has lived in Ancient
Egypt in a past life). On two occasions I had the opportunity to
witness some of these shameful spectacles that I shall refrain


                                33
                     "res inexplicata volans"
from detailing out of common decency. Of course, everyone's free
to live out their own fantasies, imagining incarnations in the
Egypt of the pharaohs while crawling around the Chamber of Chaos
under the Great Pyramid, undergoing mystical enlightenment within
the sarcophagus in the King's Chamber, or look after the hygiene
of their chakras on Elephantine Island. However, the conscious
promotion of this type of fantasy might, in my humble opinion,
bring about all manner of psychic disorders in a slightly
unbalanced mind. Unfortunately, a fair share of the people who
flock to the "initiatory/esoteric/pharaonic" trips offered by
Manuel José Delgado could easily fit into that category: no one in
his/her right mind would pay 40, 50 or 60,000 pesetas over the
actual cost of the tourist fare to have their chakras cleansed or
to grovel on the floor to soak-in earth energies. Of course, a
bout of hysteria at the top of the Valley of the Kings under the
supervision of a fanatic of the esoteric, upon recalling that one
is the reincarnation of Tutankhamen is apparently no more
dangerous than the hysterical attacks of any football fan during
playoff season...however, we all know the extent of fan behavior
in football...

The worst is that in the world of the paranormal, so filled as it
is with unknowns and lore, is the most fertile terrain for all
manner of psychopathies to grow. Myths such as that of the
pharaohs reincarnated in each traveller to Egypt, or the ghosts of
Linares Palace dictating endless speeches (worthy of Fidel Castro)
in suspicious spirit recordings, represent serious dangers. A
moderately rational mind, of course, will not allow itself to be
influenced by these fantasies -- will probably not be seduced by
these trips to Egypt, nor by commercial cassettes on the Linares
spirit recordings--but what happens if a non-rational mind
consumes these products? What occurs if the listener is manic-
depressive? Or a mystic? Or even a visionary similar to the adepts
of California's Heaven's Gate, or the Waco Davidians or the French
Solar Templars?

In my modest opinion, researchers, and more importantly, the
diffuser of paranormal phenomena, must be completely, totally and
absolutely unimpeachable. Under no circumstances must he or she
promote myths and much less frauds, sheltering him/herself under
the right of freedom of information. There are so many real
mysteries, or at least so many that haven't been proven to be
outright lies, that it is not necessary to promote lies. I think
that the diffusion of these subjects in a professional manner is
proper (although almost impossible), which is why extreme caution
in this process becomes necessary.

Let us remember that disingenuous youngster enamored of the world
of mystery. After years of voracious reading he will begin to take


                                34
                           INEXPLICATA

his first steps in the field, writing brief news articles that he
shyly submits to one esoteric magazine or another. Who isn't
pleased to see ones work reflected in a mass media publication?
Who hasn't felt that ego-tickling sensation upon seeing one's by-
line and photograph illustrating the article, to show off to
neighborhood friends? Maybe he'll even get paid a few coins with
which to replenish the funds invested in bus fare, room and board,
or the reels of photos and tapes employed in his humble research
efforts. The full-color reports will come later, along with the
radio and T.V. interviews and the naive missionary activity on
behalf of mysteries he considers to be of vital importance to
mankind. Later still he will hold his first lectures, where dozens
of eyes shall look on as they hang on to his every word, and
perhaps other devotees of mystery--younger or more passionate than
himself--will buff his ego by requesting autographs or asking to
take a photo with him. Unless he is constantly keeping his
emotions in check, he will discover someday that his personal
importance has detracted from the relevance of matters he
considered fundamental: the beyond, the universe, or the mind,
which led him into research, have now given way to money and fame
which can lead him to issue statements (the more dogmatic and
sensational the better) on extraterrestrials, reincarnation, or
the cleansing of chakras in Egypt.

Sadder still is the fact that once inside that vicious circle he
may be absorbed by a generalized hypocrisy which turns the most
famous or experienced researchers of the unknown into "sacred
cows".   Ultimately,  questioning  the   editors   of  specialized
magazines or the producers of radio shows on the esoteric may land
us on "black lists". We will then no longer be able to publish in
said magazines, we will no longer be invited to those radio shows
(as will surely be my fate after this article). But is it really
worthwhile to prostitute our conscience in order to publish an
article or hold a lecture? Is it really worth promoting things we
know to be untrue just to outshine other researchers and gain the
upper hand? Can we look into the eyes of those teenagers who
believe in what we write and say, if we do not believe in it
ourselves? I think not.

For this reason, after feeling tempted to publish this meditation
under a pseudonym, knowing the trouble I'll get into with some
"sacred cows", I think that doing so would be to fall into the
same trap I'm railing against. My name is Manuel Carballal and I,
of course, have also been tempted by self-importance and the
commercialization of mysteries. I only hope that some day, if my
ego or my ambition lead me into temptation, I hope that another
youthful and naive researcher will be able to denounce the
situation as I do now, with the best of intentions in mind. It not
only has to do with a marketable product, but with the fact that


                                35
                    "res inexplicata volans"
our very words form public opinion and may serve to condition the
belief of persons who truly believe in what we say. We ought to
behave as friends of Plato, but we should be even friendlier with
the Truth.


                               36
                            INEXPLICATA

                         Ex Libris
      A Random Sampling of Hispanic Ufology in Print

El OVNI de Las Lomas
by Carlos A. Guzmán Rojas and Victor A. Quezada Gómez.
Mexico:     1998,     CIFEAAC/CONAIPO.  e-mail address:
conaipo@yahoo.com. 90 pages. Paperback.

CIFEEAC   is   one   of   Mexico's  numerous   UFO   research
organizations and its director, Carlos Guzmán, has emerged as
a tenacious researcher and a meticulous author. Victor
Quezada, in turn, is the director of a rather more recent
organization known as Colegio Nacional de Investigación
Paranormal (National College of Paranormal Research) or
CONAIPO.The first work published by these two organizations
in tandem is an interesting little book called El OVNI de Las
Lomas (The Las Lomas UFO), which reflects upon the firestorm
of controversy created by the August 1997 video of a UFO
vanishing behind a condominium in a pricey residential
neighborhood of Mexico City. Interestingly enough, the video,
which was first featured on UFO entrepreneur Jaime Maussán's
Tercer Milenio television broadcast, became another of many
sensational "shots heard round the world" fired by this
Mexican P.T. Barnum.

Guzmán diligently interviews witnesses, shopkeepers and other
individuals in the Las Lomas area, filling his book with
photographs and diagrams of the area and the trajectory
followed by the putative vehicle. Perhaps the best item in
the book is the transcription of the conversation held by the
two teenage "cameramen" who took the amazing image--17 lines
of dialogue subjected to an "Audio-Lexico-Emotive Analysis"
by the researcher. The author apologizes for the coarseness
of the teenagers' language and proceeds:

Line 1:     I've got it! (EMOTION--Expresses what he has
            focused upon).
Line 2:     What a riot! (ASTONISHMENT--A common expression
            among teens to determine that something is
            happening)
Line 3:     This   thing   rocks!  (EMOTION--Expression which
            indicates witnessing something that draws one's
            attention.
Line 4:     No shit, man--you're shitting me. (INCREDULITY--
            tells his companion something is unusual)
Line 5:     I'm seeing it perfectly (SECURITY--Awareness that
            something is indeed being seen.

And   so   forth.   While    the    90-pager   often   bogs   down   with


                                   37
                "res inexplicata volans"
unnecessary details like the foregoing, Guzmán ultimate point
is the most valid one: Videos taken in third world countries
have hitherto been considered "untampered" due to the lack of
technology   available   in   said   countries   to   perform
computerized sleight-of-the-hand. If the Las Lomas UFO is
indeed a clever video fabrication, it indicates that images
of UFO's on video--considered tamper-proof--can now be
manipulated with ease by equipment available anywhere in the
world. This thing does rock.

INEXPLICATA gives El OVNI de Las Lomas   


                          38
INEXPLICATA


    39
