{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T06:32:32Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 54877, "source_ctime_ns": 1790219155959320066, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-12.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790219155414192024, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-12.pdf", "source_sha256": "7adebae918c3bd54be0449b768ab58cb26d4359ccead09f2d6dceb38fadc186d"}

INEXPLICATA
                The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
                          Issue # 12
                          Summer 2003

     INEXPLICATA is the official journal of the Institute of
     Hispanic Ufology, an organization dedicated to increasing
     and promoting information and awareness on UFO and
     paranormal research in Spain, the Caribbean, Central and
     South America.
Editor
     Scott Corrales
Contributing Editors
     Manuel Carballal (Spain)
     Willie Durand Urbina (Puerto Rico)
     Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros (Mexico)
     Lucy Guzmán de Plá (Puerto Rico)
     Gloria R. Coluchi (Argentina)
     José M. García Bautista (Spain)
     Guillermo Giménez (Argentina)

     Don't be left out of the debate! Join INEXPLICATA's on-line
     chat group at <inexplicata@yahoogroups.com> and visit our
     new web site at http://www.inexplicata.us


                      ARTICLES AND FEATURES
The Seville UFO Sightings 1999
José M. García Bautista ....................................... 3
Military Implications of UFOs in Latin America and Spain
Scott Corrales ................................................ 6
UFO Sighting in the Canary Islands
José Gregorio Gutiérrez ...................................... 11
What Happened at La Aurora?
Pablo Villarubia Mausó ....................................... 13
     A Year For Reflection and Reconstruction...


It is still hard to believe that only twelve months ago we
were embarking on the greatest cattle mutilation wave in
South America since people began to notice their animals
were being killed in curious ways. The mutilations faded
toward the end of last summer and were replaced with other
paranormal phenomena, such as the Bigfoot or ucumar zupai
haunting the lovers' lanes of the town of Rosario in
northern Argentina.

Five months into 2003, the overall activity seems to have
been reduced from the mad torrent of last year to the
scarcest trickle, giving us a chance to sit back and
reflect upon the mutilation wave and consider other cases
which we may have missed along the way.

This issue of INEXPLICATA does not seek to become a trip
down memory lane but rather a pause to reflect and
reconstruct cases that occured years ago but only came to
our attention in recent years. We hope that they are as
interesting to you as they are to us.

The Institute of Hispanic Ufology is pleased to welcome two
new contributing editors to INEXPLICATA: José M. García
Bautista, an energetic and active investigator from
southern Spain, and Guillermo Giménez, whose work on the
Neuquén sightings in Argentina was featured on IHU's old
website.
The economic realpolitik of our times forced IHU to close
down its website at inexplicata.com and go for a more
modest one at www.inexplicata.us which we hope you will
continue to visit. As time progresses, it may be possible
to add new features to the site.
Scott Corrales
Institute of Hispanic Ufology
Cinco de mayo, 2003

                         -2-
With his partner Rafael Cabello, José M. García Bautista has
written dozens of articles cataloguing UFO and paranormal
activity in Spain's Andalusia region. Headquartered in the
magical city of Seville, José Manuel has gathered information,
interviewed witnesses, taken on the UFO establishment and
exposed hoaxes. This is his first contribution to INEXPLICATA.

The Seville UFO Sightings 1999
by José M. García Bautista

What follows is a list of the latest events studied during the
month of September 1999 in the city of Seville and its environs.
Sightings of a fraudulent, erratic or confusing nature have been
discarded, as have those which can be explained from a rational
point of view. This researcher seeks to report the following:

1st sighting:
September 4th, 1999 (Saturday)
Cornisa del Aljarafe, locality of Puebla del Rio (25 km. from
Seville)
Time: 21:45 (approx.)
WItnesses: Juan Alcalde Moreno and Soledad Sánchez
Weather: Clear, very good and warm temperature.
Sighting: Two natives of Seville from the community of Puebla
del Rio were able to see from their vehicle a very bright light
traveling in the sky with a northerly direction (Gerena-
Aznalcóllar, El Ronquillo, etc...) The light followed an
anomalous trajectory, "hopping and skipping," as per the
witnesses' description while maintaining a constant greenish
coloring. The object emitted a brioght light which stood out in
the Sevillian sunset. It continued its route without any
alterations except for the "skips". The sighting lasted
approximately 30 secots, after which the strange luminous point
ceased to shine and vanished. The possibility of a weather
balloon was discarded.
2nd Sighting:
September 8, 1999 (Wednesday)
Sierra Norte de Sevilla, locality of Alanís (115 km. from
Seville)
TIme: 23:20 hrs.
Witness: Antonio Vargas
Time: Unsettled, rather cool and somewhat cloudy.
Sighting: Mr. Antonio Vargas was returning to Alanís along a
highway from a small estate where he keeps animals and had gone
to "give them a quick runaround", in other words, to take care
of them and insure that all was well. Turning aroudn one of the
numerous curves on this road, the witnesss was able to see
luminous dots over a small hill. They were three powerful orange
lights, which would form a triangle if linked in a single line.
The artifact appeared to fly slowly and silently over the
terrain. Eventually it flew over him and took off vertiginously
into the sky. After reconnoitering the premises in person and
taking advantage of a family visit to the town of Constantina
(near Alanís), I must remark that there are no marks to be found
on the ground (although the rain could have played a factor in
this) and I discount the possibility of air traffic over the
sector.
3rd Sighting:
September 9, 1999 (Wednesday)
Embalse del Retortillo in the Sierra Norte of Seville, next to
the locality of Las Navas de la Concepción (some 100 km. from
the capital).
Witnesses: María José Rodríguez, Francisco Ortega, María del
Robledo García.
Time: Cloudy and cold.
Sighting: Three witnesses were able to observe a cloudy
formation of the ones known as "lenticular clouds", being
discoidal in shape and large in size (between 400 and 600
meters, according to eyewitness calculations). The strange
cloudy formation was highly luminous and moved erratically,
although the wind direction in the upper layers of our
atmospehre do not necessarily coincide with the direction in the
lower layers. I think that this has a natural explanation and
that it falls under atmospheric phenomena.
4th Sighting:
September 15, 1999 (Wednesday)
Carretera C-432 between the Seville-Cádiz Expressway and the
community of Lebrija
Witnesses: Rosa Montero and Pilar Castillo
Time: 15:30 hrs. (approx.)
Weather: Good; agreeable temperatures and good visibility.
Sighting: Our two witnesses were able to see a strange elongated
object having the shape of a "sausage" or "cigar" suspended in
the sky over a field near Lebrija. The object did not seem to
move and its motion--if any--was imperceptible. Our witnesses
estimate its length at 100 meters. The object was lost from
sight after following its course, without giving the appearance
of moving or changing position. The curious circumstance arises
that sightings are numerous along this stretch of the road from
Lebrija to Trebuena, Sanlúcar de Barrameda to Chipiona and to
Rota (the last four location belonging to the locality of
Cádiz).
5th Sighting:
September 18, 1999 (Saturday)
Aznalcóllar - El Castillo de las Guardas, Seville (some 40 km.)
Witnesses: Francisco López and Agustín Baena
Time: 22:00 hours (approx.)
Weather: Poor. Strong wind and rain; unpleasant temperature.
Sighting: Our two witnesses were on their way back to Seville
from Sierra de Huelva when whtey made out a bright shape in the
sky. It issued lights whose colors alternated between green,
light blue and yellow-orange. Its trajectory was irregular,
since it traced strange closed angles of between 75 and 90
degrees, amazing our witnesses, who first attributed this to the
instability and the inclement weather. The object appeared
headed to the East, which is to say, from Huelva to Seville,
crossing the so-called "Magnetic Triangle" (Gerena-Aznalcóllar-
Castillo de las Guardas). Its speed was swift, since it took 40
seconds to cross our witnesses' line of sight, taking into
consideration its brilliance as a reference point in the
distance. The road was empty due to the unpleasant climactic
conditions, which poured some 60/m2 of rain over Seville. This
could be attributed to some meteorological or luminous
phenomenon or perhaps even a celestial phenomenon or error of
perception by the witnesses, but the "UFO nature" of the region
leads us to think that much more could have been going on, since
there are numerous reports of this kind to be found tehre, and
many witnesses claim having seen strange objects and flights in
the area, among them prestigious ufologists such as Joaquín
Mateos Nogales or Ignacio Darnaude Rojas.
These are the latest sightings that this researcher has been
aware of in the locality of Seville and its environs. The cases
included in this report are the ones most liable to be
unidentified flying objects. What is missing is confirmation
from INTA regarding tests over teh area. We know that Seville
Flight Control confirms the presence of flights during those
days but not over those areas. The sighting of September 18,
1999 lends itself to confusion, since the Gerena area is an air
corridor for the San Pablo Airport in Seville. In spite of this,
the object's eccentric trajectory and the strange luminous
colors it emitted appear to discard the hypothesis or
possibility of attributing it to some artifact of terrestrial
manufacture. These cases HAVE NOT BEEN EXPLAINED. Certain
possibilities   have  been    put  forward,   but  they   remain
POSSIBILITIES   whose   certainty   or  rejection   is   pending
confirmation.
Other sightings have been reported in the area, but after a
sober and deep analysis of same, they have been rejected due to
a natural, atmospheric or other explanation was found. Some day
I shall write further about errors in perception and confusion,
including hysteria, in the face of what people took for UFOs.
                             # # #


The world's military establishment and UFOs have had an uneasy
relationship since the late 1940's. The situation involving
Spanish-speaking countries is equally complex.


Military Implications of UFOs in Latin America and Spain
by Scott Corrales

     On Wednesday, November 27, 2002, a flight of Lockheed F-16
interceptors was launched to investigate what was described by a
NORAD spokesman as "a trail of condensation" moving from the
Caribbean Sea toward the United Stated. This contrail apparently
alerted the Air Space Command, located in Colorado Springs, that
a rogue aircraft or missile may have been fired toward a target
in the continental U.S. The fighters reached the indicated
coordinates, but were unable to find the source of the contrail.
     Only a few months earlier, in July 2002, reports of an
unexplained object zooming low over suburban Washington D.C.
caused yet another "scramble" - one of hundreds since the
destruction of the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. The
military, fearing any possible aerial attack, was taking no
chances against the possibility of another similar incident-this
time in the nation's capital. The media did not mention that 50
years previous, almost to the day, fighters had unsuccessfully
tried to reach the UFOs that sailed leisurely past the dome of
the U.S. Capitol.
     It is almost inevitable: in a world as thoroughly
militarized as our own, with openly declared wars and high- and
low-intensity conflicts raging over five continents, jet
fighters--the pride and first line of defense of a country's
sovereign airspace--are also the first official committee to
deal with the unknown. Since the development of high-speed
interceptors in WWII, aircraft of many nations have had brushes
with the still-unexplained aerial phenomena known as UFOs. In
some cases, the prudent response has been to shadow the
intruders and photograph their movements with the interceptor's
gun camera (the source of many intriguing stills and movies
dealing with the phenomenon. In others, authorization to open
fire has been granted, prompting a wide range of responses from
the intruder. Sometimes the unknown object simply zooms out of
reach, sometimes it disappears. Upon occasion, the "uncorrelated
target" shoots back with devastating results.
     The Mexican Air Force and the UFO Question

     In October 1995, in the initial rush of excitement over the
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), a U.S. military
delegation visited Mexico City for a low-key but highly
important   opportunity:   changing   the   Mexican   military's
perception of the U.S. from that of an aggressor to more of a
partner. William Perry, Secretary of Defense under the Clinton
Administration, and General Barry McCaffrey, met with their
Mexican counterparts and proposed "bringing together the
mechanisms for a joint struggle...and a better exchange of both
equipment and armaments."
     Secretary Perry took advantage of a ceremony at a Mexican
military base to state that one of the crucial components of
this new joint struggle--ostensibly in the war against drugs--
included improved air defenses, something that had never been
stressed before. Like most Latin American air forces, Mexico had
relied heavily on T-33 fighters (used for training purposes by
the USAF) and some newer purchases from Europe. Might it be too
bold to suppose that the Pentagon's request that our southern
neighbor "beef up" its air defenses have something to do with
the UFO activity experienced earlier in the decade?
     Given its long history of animosity toward the U.S.
military (a result of the wars of 1845-47 and the early 20th
century incursions into Northern Mexico by Gen. Sam Pershing,
not to mention the siege of Veracruz), the Mexican military
establishment had never been worked intimately with the
Pentagon. Mexico's history of encounters between unidentified
flying objects and aircraft begins only a few years after
Kenneth Arnold's historic 1947 sighting over Mount Rainier: on
March 3, 1950, a Mexican aviation official engaged in a routine
 tour of inspection of the airports in the northern regions of
the country when he saw a curious yellowish disk suspended at an
estimated altitude of 15,000 feet over the city of Chihuahua's
airport. A press report indicated that two airplanes--whether
military or civilian--tried to intercept the object but were
unable to reach it.
     Mexican author and ufologist Carlos Alberto Guzmán Rojas
has collected a wealth of encounters between aviators and UFOs
in his book Los OVNIS y la Aviación Mexicana (Mexico:TM, 2001).
While focusing mainly on civilian airliner encounters, Guzmán
also includes some notable military encounters, some of them
dating back to the early 1960s, when a Douglas C-54 belonging to
the FAM (acronym for Fuerza Aérea Mexicana, the Mexican air
force) had a mid-air UFO encounter during a cross-border flight
to Texas on a mission to secure matériel: a silver saucer flew
alongside the cargo plane over the Gulf of Mexico, less than two
thousand feet off the starboard wing. The intruder finally
peeled off when the C-54 was about to land at a U.S. base. The
crew was so unnerved by the experience, and so fearful of
reprisals if the matter was broached either at the U.S. base or
back in Mexico, that it was years before anyone discussed the
encounter openly.
     In November 1978, a spectacular UFO incident occurred over
Mexico City: thousands looked on as subsonic T-33's launched
from the Santa Lucía AFB, home of the 202nd Fighter Wing, the
one nearest to the Aztec capital, tried to catch up with a disk-
shaped, multi-hued and windowed craft at around 7:45 p.m.. Nine
Lockheed T-33 did their level best to intercept the intruder,
which seemed to remain at a safe distance from the fighters'
twenty-millimeter guns.
     Although no clear-cut connection can be made, the
protracted Mexican UFO wave of the mid-1970s may have caused the
government to see the need to upgrade its hardware. In 1982, the
FAM ordered the creation of the Escuadrón Aéreo 401 (401st
Fighter Wing), charging it with safeguarding the integrity of
the nation's airspace. Delivery of the first of several Northrop
F-5 E/F jet fighters took place on the very same year as Mexico
went on a buying spree: Antonov heavy cargo planes, Israeli-
built Arava aircraft and Swiss Pilatus C-7 trainers. While these
military expenditures could be seen as a result of the country's
oil boom in the late '70s and early '80s, it is still
interesting that a country with no clear-cut adversaries should
behave thus. None of Mexico's neighbors to the south (Guatemala
and Belize) have long-range air power; to the north it faces the
air supremacy of the United States and to the east, Cuba's
Soviet-era MIGs. But if the hypothesis presented in this article
has any truth to it, the Mexican government has not succeeded in
inspiring confidence among people who work in aviation.
     Carlos Guzmán and Alfonzo Salazar interviewed Enrique
Kolbeck, a senior air traffic controller at Mexico City's Benito
Juarez airport. When asked his opinion on the FAM's record of
UFO interception, Kolbeck was skeptical. "Without being
pejorative, our air force is not developed, it isn't the type of
air force able to make interceptions, as do other air forces.
The priorities of the persons in charge do not extend to UFOs, I
think. Perhaps there is an arrangement between governments so
that every time a strange object falls in our Mexico, another
country can take it away to engage in research on it."
     Events such as the one which occurred on March 23, 1999
clearly indicate why any country would want to avail itself of
some means of "credible response" to unknown forces. Between
6:15 and 6:30 that evening, an elongated flying object measuring
an astounding 2 kilometers in length and shaped like an office
building was reported to the Benito Juarez airport tower.
Enshrouded in clouds, the flying behemoth remained over the
Texcoco Dry Lake and was clearly seen by nearly two dozen
airport mechanics who were waiting to service a flight arriving
from Acapulco.
     This story, which appeared in Mexico's La Prensa newspaper,
was never officially confirmed. However, air traffic controller
Enrique Kolbeck made reference to a similar case which occurred
some years earlier to the north of Mexico City and involving an
object so large to be classified as "hair-raising" by the
controller. The object matched the description of a UFO
"mothership" and appeared to be surrounded by a swarm of lesser
craft.
     South America Faces the Unknown
     Although it may come a surprise to some, in the few years
following World War II, Argentina stood on the verge of becoming
a world superpower.
     According to Spanish aerospace expert Francisco Mañez, a
number former Luftwaffe pilots--renowned air aces such as Adolf
Galland and Hans Ulrich Rudel--joined the exodus of military
talent from post-war Germany to Argentina. Flying wing designer
Reimar Horten took his genius along with him, and so did Kurt
Tank, director of Focke-Wulf Aviation. They soon found a
dictator willing to employ their services: the charismatic and
ambitious Juan Perón.
     Perón's dream was to harness the newly disclosed secrets of
the atom to air power. To achieve this, he hired exiled
physicist Ronald Richter and set him up in a nuclear laboratory
on the island of Huemul, located in the middle of Nahuel Huapi,
the lake known to cryptozoologists for its mysterious marine
monster. Richter's efforts were aimed at achieving what is now
termed "cold fusion", and in 1951, Perón announced a
breakthrough to the world. Under U.S. pressure, Richter was
detained and his work stopped, but there were other things at
work in the mysterious island of Huemul, such as an atomic
engine to power the Argentinean submarine fleet and advanced
aircraft such as the IA-38 flying wing, the IA-48 interceptor
and the IA-36 transport -- streamlined futuristic aircraft
decades ahead of their time. "The winds of silence," writes
Máñez in his book Historias Aeronáuticas (Spain: Tetragrammaton,
2000) "still blow over Huemul. One can play the tourist and
visit the facilities which sheltered the Axis scientists and
their mysterious work, but we cannot even cast a glance at the
classified papers of Richter or his collaborators--Beck, Haffke,
Ehrenberg, Seelman-Eggebert, Greinel, Abele and Pinardi..."
     Argentina's "brief, shining moment" as budding superpower
ended with the fall of the Perón regime. The new government
scrapped all of the Buck Rogerish prototypes and dutifully
purchased U.S. made Sabres and DC-3s. Máñez argues that the UFO
reports stemming from that part of the Andean range (the cities
of Mendoza and Córdoba) are due to the fact that secret testing
of these advanced aircraft is still taking place, now under the
watchful eyes of the Pentagon. In 1974, a UFO reported by ground
crews and controllers at the Bariloche Airport, and photographed
by a witness, bears a strong resemblance to the controversial
AVZ-9 Avrocar--a project terminated in 1961--but alive and well
and being flown south of the U.S. border.
     Whether man-made circular craft are being tested in South
America is a subject for another article; the fact remains that
the Argentinean military establishment, perhaps much less
sophisticated than it might have been unless Juan Perón's dreams
come true, has had close encounters of its own with unexplained
intruders.
       Journalist Alejandro Agostinelli, one of his country's
most respected and controversial investigators of the UFO scene,
notes that it was in 1952 that the Argentinean Navy, not its Air
Force, created its first UFO inquiry agency at the Puerto
Belgrano Naval Facility. Three years later, Capt. Jorge Milberg,
would translate Maj. Donald Keyhoe's Flying Saucers from Outer
Space. On July 3, 1960, Capt. Hugo Niotti, seconded to the
Underofficer's Training Academy in Cordoba, photographed a
conical object flying parallel to the ground that traveled at an
estimated 200 kilometers per hour near the vicinity of Yacanto.
     At 7:20 p.m. on May 22, 1962 a squadron of fighters in the
vicinity of Bahía Blanca's Comandante Espora Naval Base,
reported the presence of UFOs along its flight path. The
interception lasted 35 minutes. Direct eyewitnesses to this
incident were Lt. Rodolfo César Galdós and his student, Roberto
Wilkinson. This was the first official acknowledgement of the
phenomenon and would lead to the
Argentinean Navy's inception of its first Permanent Commission
for the Study of the UFO Phenomenon (COPEFO, in Spanish), headed
by a team composed of naval officers and journalists. Not to be
outdone, the Air Force promptly created its own saucer study
group.
     In August 1965, the Navy's COPEFO decided to track UFOs
using a combination of radar and chase planes from the Punta
Indio Aeronaval Base: during one incident, a strange echo was
picked up on the radar screen. A Navy interceptor was scrambled
after the radar contact, but the UFO repeatedly managed to elude
its pursuer. The pilot reported that the object had an
"ellipsoid" configuration, having a diameter of some twelve
diameter and at one point, coming within two hundred meters of
his fighter.
     According to author Gustavo Fernández, Argentina has never
opted to declassify its UFO files in the way that Spain and the
United Kingdom have chosen to, nor has there ever been what he
terms "a sincere dialogue between civilian and military
personnel aimed at dusting off the cases filed in some
government office."
     While there is no disputing this assertion, members of the
military establishment of some other South American countries
can be surprisingly candid about their involvement with unknown
aerial craft. In December 2002, journalist Cristián Riffo of
OVNIVISION managed to interview Hernán Gabrielli Rojas, a
retired Chilean brigadier general, regarding a colossal UFO over
the deserts of northern Chile.
     General Gabrielli recalls that in 1978, while conducting a
training flight involving a pair of Northrop F-5E Tiger IIs not
far from Antofagasta, their radars alerted them to the presence
of a mammoth intruder.
     "It was noon and I was flying with captain Danilo
Catalán--we were both flight instructors," Gabrielli told the
journalist." Accompanying us were avionics tech Fernando Gómez
and another trainee. The F-5 is radar-equipped, and a line
appeared from side to side--in other words, a trace throughout
the bottom side of the screen. A trace for a surface ship, a
cruiser, is approximately one centimeter long, but this line
went from one side [of the screen] to another. I assumed the
radar scope had failed, and I said as much to Danilo Catalán,
but his radar also "failed". I then advised the ground radar at
Antofagasta and they also picked up the line. We were engaged
with these details when we looked toward the east: we were
flying from north to south in the vicinity of Mejillones, and
saw a deformed cigar-shaped object. Deformed, like a plantain
banana. It was swathed in smoke."
     The general estimated the size of the craft as being
comparable to that of a dozen aircraft carriers. "It was large
and must have been some 15 to 20 miles away. It moved in the
same direction as us. We had no missiles, guns or anything. As
you can imagine, the fright was more or less considerable. We
could see a large thing surrounded in smoke, and from which a
vapor issued. All of this situation must have lasted some five
minutes. We approached the UFO but it was motionless. It neither
approached nor retreated--it merely sailed parallel to us. It
was quite impressive, because it was truly something strange,
and something could be seen in concealment behind the smoke," he
recalled.
     Although the F-5E's are equipped with gun cameras, the
general did not say if any footage had been obtained. The UFO
"mothership" eventually vanished, heading toward Easter Island.
"The sky cleared and the lines on the radar vanished," he
informed Riffo. "However, there had been an object physically
flying there. It's not a yarn, let me tell you. It's my only
experience with UFOs."
     It may be General Gabrielli's only experience, but not the
Chilean Air Force (FACh)'s only instance of dealing with the UFO
phenomenon. A newswire from Agence France Presse in February
2001 reported that the FACh had turned over classified
information regarding UFO sightings to the United States Defense
Intelligence Agency (DIA). This information would have included
sightings in the cities of Arica, Antofagasta and Charanal in
Chile's northern regions as well as other cases in the Chilean
Antarctic. A stern denial by the military followed--Gen. Ricardo
Bermúdez, director of the Comité de Estudios de Fenómenos
Aéreos, was quoted as saying during the last International Air
and Space Fair held in Santiago de Chile: "The Chilean Air Force
has repeatedly stated, to the point of exhaustion, that there
are no UFO files."
     Uruguay, the smallest of the nations comprising the
Southern Cone, puts both of its larger neighbors to shame in
this regard. Not only does the country's military establishment
manifest its concern over the UFO phenomenon, it has
investigated hundreds of reports dating back to the 1930s. Even
more surprisingly, Uruguay's CRIDOVNI (which translates as
Receiving and Investigating Commission on UFO Claims) agency is
a branch of the nation's air force.
     The UFO research branch of the Uruguayan Air Force (FAU)
can trace its beginnings to an incident which occurred on
September 13, 1994, when residents of Paso de las Velas, some
150 km. from Montevideo, allegedly witnessed a UFO crashing into
the ground. The event, which occurred after an electrical storm,
caused witnesses to became aware of a solid rectangular object
crossing the sky noiselessly. The orange rectangle suddenly
plummeted to the ground, setting off an explosion which was
heard for many kilometers around. Large plumes of smoke filled
the air, but no traces of the object at the putative crash site.
     In the light of this case, the Uruguayan Air Force decided
to accept all UFO-related information and investigate each case
directly. In March 2000, Col. Bernabé Gadea, CRIDOVNI's
director, discussed the agency's research methods with Cesar
Bianchi, a correspondent for Spain's El País newspaper. The
setup is in some ways reminiscent of the early Project Blue
Book: a three man operation, consisting of Gadea himself,
psychologist Carlos Cantonet, and Lt. Col. Ariel Sánchez. UFO
reports are dubbed "statements" and the CRIDOVNI troika is quick
to state that "There are no UFO investigations taking place
anywhere in the world, because we cannot investigate something
we cannot identify. For this reason we research
claims--the events narrated by the eyewitnesses."
     Ancillary to CRIDOVNI's core staff are meteorologists,
aeronautical meteorologists, engineers, air traffic controllers,
upper atmosphere physicists, psychologists and physicians. "We
are Latin America's first official and public commission on the
subject," Colonel Gadea informed the El País correspondent with
certain pride, "and we have advised others, such as Chile's
Comision de Estudios de Fenomenos Aereos Anomalos (CEFAA) in
1998."    Procedure for the Uruguayan research organization is
exacting: should physical evidence of an unknown object be left
behind following a collision, for example, the "operations
department" is responsible for reaching the point of impact and
collecting evidence to be submitted to government ministries
dealing with agronomy, mining and nuclear energy.
     "We are one of the few countries," said psychologist
Cantonet,"where the authorities issue an official reply to the
phenomenon, whether we label it as "conventional"--when we can
explain it through our scientific evaluation methods to
answer   the   public's   questions--or  "unconventional"   when
scientific advances do not allow us to provide an answer."

The Canary Islands -- a hot-spot for UFO sightings and animal
mutilations -- are in the news again. José Gregorio Jiménez
has the details...

Unidentified Objects Over Tenerife
by José Gregorio Jiménez
On April 17, 2002, a couple and their son witnessed the strange
maneuvers of a variety of lights from their home in Tenerife's
Barrio El Cardonal. The objects were even caught on tape for a
few brief secodns. That night and at the same time, another
sighting occurred on the island, which when added to recent
cases, leads us to consider that UFO activity in the Canary
Islands has re-ignited.
The first observation took place to the northeast of Tenerife,
specifically in the region of Acentejo, at 22:40 hours. At that
time, a married couple witnessed the presence of two very bright
lights for approximately 15 seconds. The lights were situated
vertically and limked by an arch of ligth which "simulated the
curvature of the Moon. The upper one had a yellowis-white hue,
emitting a curved focus of lower intensity, which in turn linked
to the other object, which was whitish-blue in color," as they
told Año Cero magazine. The wtinesse claimed that after seeing
the sudden aparationg of the lights, they also noticed that the
lights appeared to form part of the same body or structure. This
sighting would have remained merely an anecdote had it not been
for the emergence of other witnesses who claimed having
witnessed--at the same time and day--a spectacular phenomenon on
another part of the island. In this case, a video recording
almost 5 minutes long was obtained.

A Set of Lights
The witnesses to the event, a family made up of Lorenzo, Oana
and their son Stefan, became aware at 22:50 hours       of some
strange lights located 20 degrees above the horizon of Santa
Cruz. From their window they could see--between the mountains of
Taco and the San Matías neighborhood--the swift maneuvers of up
to a dozen lights, some of them which remained visible for long
periods of time, while others barely remained visible for one
second.
     "The first to notice was my son, just as I got home. We
watched them unaided for a while, then we went to find the video
and still cameras. We passed binoculars to each other, and my
son recorded those lights which were by no means natural," said
Lorenzo, the head of the household.
     In short, the observation had a total duration of seven
minutes. No photographs were taken although the aforementioned
video recording was successful; numerous details were made out
through the binoculars and the camcorder's eyepiece.
     The recording is sufficiently good so as to allow us to
envision the swift movements of some lights, and the singular
appearance and disappearance of others, with no more than two
lights being visible at the same time at any moment. The video
further shows good points of reference, discarding the
possibility that the lights could be headlights, steamship
floodlights or conventional aircraft. In any event, the
witnesses claim that the video only barely captures the movment
of the lights, which they claim was far more complex. The
drawing shown to us by the son illustrates what he could see
through the camcorder eyepiece, and which his parents could
confirm through the binoculars: it consisted of a conical shape
with an amorphous, poorly defined upper section, whose interior
contained up to six sources of high intensity.
In Search of an Explanation

The investigagtions carried out have allowed us to discard the
possibility that weather balloons or conventional astronomic
phenomena were found. This last possibility is important, since
an unusual alignment of five planets was visible during the
month of May. The phenomenon does not jibe with the trajectories
of satellites nor with the observation of the International
Space Station. The observation remains unexplained.
One of the most haunting and perplexing cases in South
America's long ufological tradition involved the goings-on in
an Uruguayan ranch. Pablo Villarbia Mausó takes a closer
look...

What Happened at La Aurora?
by Pablo Villarubia Mausó

I left Montevideo behind and was heading twoard the city of
Salto on the Argentinean border, riding a dilapidated bus in
order to rescue from oblivion the events which occurred one
distant February 17, 1977. The central protagonist of the story
was the owner of the La Aurora ranch, a man named Angel María
Tronna. The victims included one dog, several sheep, a bull and
one horse -- gravely affected by an object come from afar.
The first thing I did upon arriving was making a straight line
toward the office of the El Pueblo newspaper to consult old
newspapers which would put me on the track of the "Tonna Case".
The Saturday the 19th edition was already legendary, since it
presented the first news item on the macabre event.
On Sunday, February 13, 1977, at 5:30 a.m., Julio Cesar Rattín,
18, the youngest son of Angel Tonna, witnessed a UFO at a
distance of some 150 meters, suspended of a copse of eucalyptus
trees. It was light-emitting disk that illuminated a broad swath
of countryside.    On the following day, Monday at midnight,
Tonna's wife, Elena Margarita Rattín, was watching TV before
going to bed when a blackout suddenly occured. Upon going
outside to insure the operation of their generator, she noticed
an intense glow over La Aurora. Frightened, she ran back into
the house.

It was the February 20, 1977 edition that anounced half a page
saying "UFO in a ranch near the Daymán: Seen on three
occasions." The anonymous journalist said that at 04:00 on
February 17, Tonna, his children and some farmhands witnessed a
strong light coming from behind a shed in which they stored
feed. It was then that they saw a "flying saucer" measuring some
3 meters in diameter at an altitude of 15 meters. "The cows were
frightened and stampeded, trampling one of the workers; the dogs
howled in terror and we couldn't contain our astonishment. I was
able to notice that the lights of the farm and the vicinity were
totaly out and that the generator "coughed", threatening to
seize up. THe disk moved slowly, almost in a zig-zag motion, and
after passing over the pasture pond it headed toward the
eucalyptus copse--the same one as on Sunday--and after a while
wi didn't see it again," Tonna told the journalist.
The journalist interviewed the children and farmhands of the
property. All versions agreed. Tonna spoke of the strange prints
that had emerged three months ago on the pasture, shaped like a
horseshoe 40 to 50 cm wide and with some parts more deeply sunk
into the ground than others. It had a diameter of 3 meters and a
variety of mushrooms began to grow inside it. At first the grass
was burned but another type of grass soon sprang up to replace
it. In spite of the assortment of data offered by the
journalistic account, there were even more important elements
missing -- some which Angel María Tonna and his people decided
not to tell the reporter from El Pueblo.
The Mummified Dogs
It wasn't easy for me to find out more about La Aurora. I ased a
few people on the street about the subject, even though 20 years
had gone by, the memory fo the event was still fresh in the
minds of many citizens. Some said it had all been a hoax, a lie,
and others beleived that it was real and were even aware of the
appearance of "unidentifieds" in the region for a few years now.
Even luckier ones had also witnessed the transit of "flying
saucers" over the county, such as twenty-year old Andrea
Carpanesi. "What I am going to tell you took place in early 1997
at around 23:30 hours in front of the house in which I live. I
was with my friend Cecilia, and looking northward an intense
light appeared. The entire neighborhood was looking at it. It
was almost orange in color, making a pendular movement. It
lasted five minutes. Seeing such things is commonplace around
here," Andrea said.
     "Could you find out if it was a satellite or an aircraft?"
I inquired.
     "I called the weather bureau and I was told that no
satellites were flying overhead, nor weather balloons or
aircraft. They couldn't tell me what it was, iether. But I can
tell you something else that's very interesting..."
     "Go ahead," I encouraged her.
     "Around 1993 I studied at the Universidad de Salto. The
word spread that the School of Veterinary Medicine had two very
strange dogs. With one of my friends, we sneaked into one of the
labs, since it was forbidden to see these animals. I remember it
all perfectly because it scared me. We saw a dead dog that had
been propped up "alive". It was intact and even looked alive. It
was black in color and medium-sized. Some students said that for
unknown reasons, both this and another dog which I couldn't see
did not decompose or didn't do so with the normal speed
associated with death. Furthermore, they added that they had
been found at the La Aurora ranch. Nothing further was ever said
about the subejct," explained Campanesi.
     That very same day I headed to the School of Veterinary
Medicine. Everything I heard upon asking about dead dogs at La
Aurora was a "we don't know" and an almost unbearable silence
accompanied by not very friendly glances...
     The next step in assembling this puzzle was to find
journalist Carlos Ardaix, one of the first to appear after the
incidents of February 1977. This man, with a Basque-French
surname, welcomed me into his home and told me about his contact
with Angel Tonna: "At that time hosted a radio show with a
considerable following. It was when Angel Maria Tonna phoned me
adn said: "If you want to know the truth atbout La Aurora and
why the city's lights went out, come over." I went with two or
three people from the radio sation. When we arrived Tonna was
still rather upset. He told me that at 0400 hours they had seen
a light behind the shed and thought that it was on fire. The
horses, the dogs...all of the animals were frightened. Tonna
walked to some 50 meters of where the apparatus was. It
approached slowly and Angel fell to the ground, covering his
face with his arm to avoid the powerful light. Later the object
vanished at high speed," the newspaperman explained.
There was talk of burned or severed wires...
"When I reached the ranch the steel wires were still cut and the
cables of the electrical facility. The engine's piston broke
down, a very expensive breeding bull died slowly...I understand
that an autopsy was performed on it at the School of Medicine
and no cause of death was established. The same happened to
several sheep, whose wool was singed black and left like rough
wifer. A very fierce dog that Tonna kept died little by little.
Tonna had a skin eruption on the arm that he used to shield his
face from the light.
You did not doubt Tonna's information?
No, he seemed very sincere. In any event, as a journalist, I
tried to find other witnesses. One of the farmhands had already
seen something similar near the site. I visited other farms near
La Aurora, sicne i thought a local may have seen the UFO. I
asked a foreman and he told me hadn't seen anything at night. As
we walked out, a farmhand chopping wood told me: "We all saw
what happened at night, but we were forbidden to speak of it."
After that we transmitted Tonna's recording over the air. There
was a chain reaction. Many people started visiting the site,
like those Americans who wanted to take him back to the U.S. for
testing.
Do you recall who these men were?
No. It was said at the time that they were from NASA, but I'm
not sure. I think there was an American journalist [among them].
At the time the Salto Grande dam was being built and there were
Japanese engineers staying at the farm. One physician--Dr.
Menoni--discovered through some photographs that there was
considerable radiation in the trees at La Aurora. The Japanese
confirmed it on their measurment devices.
What about the burns on Tonna's arm?
It   was   a  burn    that   would  reoccur   sporadically.  The
electocardiogram machine would't work when the electrodes would
be placed on him. That's what two doctors I know told me. After
two years the burns began to fade. It was something truly
strange that could've had something to do with radiation.
So..what about the blackouts?
No one has been able to explain why there were so many blackouts
in 1977. On the night on which the events played out in La
Aurora there was a half-hour long blackout. In following days
there were others, always whenever UFOs appeared.
Could there have been somtehing more behind the events? Human
manipulation perhaps?
Never! I can tell you that the breeding bull he had died, and it
was worth a fortune.     That wasn't a joke. The pedigree horse
didn't die...he was a stud and was rendered sterile.
Is it true that the ranch became a place of pilgrimage?
Yes, but Angel Tonna, in recent years, is sick of receiving
callers and has chosen not to let anyone in and to refuse
interviews. I understand, because he wants to work normally,
look after his animals and his property. So many people came
from all over the world came, like American ufologists James
Hurtak and Bob Pratt, Pedro Romaniuk from Argentina. Tonna
showed me a letter in which Antonio Ribera claimed to be
interested in visiting La Aurora but he couldn't come. The most
controversial was a visit by Neil Armstrong, the first man on
the Moon. No one knows why he visited...
And to these pilgrimages still go on?
Sometimes entire buses of people come seeking cures. Yes, they
think the place was blessed by a supernatural force. It was
decided to build a crypt to Padre Pío there and don't ask me
why. The people who find the warning sign advising them to stay
away from La Aurora cross the road where they find the chapel of
teh prioest that makes miracles, healings...
Radioactivity on the Farm
On the following day I tried contacting Tonna and his relatives
using the phone numbers featured in the localk directory. After
some frustrated events, I managed to speak to one of his sons,
the veterinarian, and he told me that his father no longer spoke
of Angel Tonna. The matter was closed for him.
My only alternative was to open other fronts. One of these was
to locate doctor Juan María Menoni, the same one who took
photographs in the area which showed traces of radiation. "I'm
not a ufologist," he said, "but I became interested in the case
at the time. When I visited the site, I found that part of the
fence had been melted. The generator and the motor had burned
out. I took a sample of tree bark that had been burned by the
UFO. A photographer friend suggested that I place the piece of
bark over a strip of 35mm film. When we developed the film some
strange spots appeared on the film.
Without a word, Menoni went to his office and returned with some
photo enlargements which showed the result of the vegetable
matter's exposure. "It's curious. It seemed to be charged with
radiation, but where was the radiation coming from? It must've
been from the mysterious flying saucer."
A few days later, in Buenos Aires, I had an interview with
famous parapsychologist and ufologist Antonio Las Heras, who had
visited La Aurora in 1978 to look into the case. "What happened
there drew my attention. I saw the trees, the toppled
eucalyptuses, almost uprooted, as though a giant hand had played
with them. I saw the branches ripped off by a UFO's effects. In
fact, they looked like someone had smashed them, making them
tumble over and over. I found calcined rock with vitreous
formation on the sandstone. For vitrification to occur, the
tempuratures must be in excess of a thousand degrees
[Centigrade]. I saw giant mushrooms measuring a meter and a half
in diameter, standing inside the strange marks left by the UFOs.
Only radiation could have mutated those living organisms."
Las Heras told me that Tonna had been accompanied by a police
dog that fateful night. "The animal died three days later. They
said that it had no blood, as though it had been absorbed
through its flesh, which had developed an inconsistent
appearance, like flesh that has been boiled. The dog's skin was
burned in seeral pales and its tail hairs were bristled like
wire. No one was able to offer a diagnosis for what occurred,"
he said, shaking his head.
"What happened to the bull?" I asked, trying to avoid showing
surprise at his words.

"It was a show animal of great value and it died with the very
same symptoms as the dog, but after a week. The horse--a
stallion--was left sterile. The sheep deaths were also
mysterious: they had a sort of band around their bodies which
passed through their withers. IT was really a burned patch, as
though a branding iron had been applied, according to Tonna."

That made me react, associating the facts with the enigmatic
manifestationsof the infamous Chupacabras, but much later, in
the mid-Nineties. A large amount of farm animals turned up dead
in several Latin American countries, generally bled dry,
attacked by an unknown creature or force.
Uruguayan ufologist Jorge Monsalve, whom I couldn't locate, also
interviewed Tonna around the time. In his book Encuentros
Cercanos con OVNIS (Montevideo, 1995), Monsalve explains how he
arrived in time to see the Normandy bull, imported from France,
still alive. Tonna asked the man to touch the animal's horns:
"That being said, I extended my hand and [the horn] practically
crumbled in my fingers. A sad and disagreeable experience."


                              ###
