{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T10:00:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 119741, "source_ctime_ns": 1790193518153379824, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-06.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790193517520164109, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-06.pdf", "source_sha256": "ebf667002627defb697e4d911f20aceb758f0a1f0b1df0059c0d14e648aff234"}

INEXPLICATA
                The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
                           Issue # 6
                         Spring 2000

     INEXPLICATA is the official journal of the Institute of
     Hispanic Ufology, an organization dedicated to increasing
     and promoting information and awareness on UFO and
     paranormal research in Spain, the Caribbean, Central and
     South America.
Editor
     Scott Corrales
Assistant Editor
(all article submissions and letters)
     Juan Carlos Mallory
     P.O. Box 228
     Derrick City, PA 16727
Contributing Editors
     Manuel Carballal (Spain)
     Willie Durand Urbina (Puerto Rico)
     Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros (Mexico)
     Lucy Guzmán de Plá (Puerto Rico)
                      DEPARTMENTS AND COLUMNS

Ex Libris (book reviews) .......................................
Dr. Rafael Lara's MEXICO WATCH .................................
                      ARTICLES AND FEATURES

The Incredible Saga of Joao Prestes
by Pablo Villarubia ........................................... 1
An Alien Heat: Chronicles of Sex and Saucery
by Scott Corrales ............................................ 11
An Embarrassment of Humanoid Riches
by José Manuel Durán ......................................... 19
The Pros and Cons of Alien Visitation
by Dr. Roque Mecoli .......................................... 22
Never Mind the Saucers: UFOs Identified!
by Manuel Carballal .......................................... 30
               Ufology At A Standstill?


So...this is what the year 2000 feels like...
Certainly an anticlimactic sensation, as one could have
well expected last year as we put together the last issue
of INEXPLICATA for the Nineties. Perhaps the anticlimax is
due to the incredible amount of activity--dare I say
excitement?--that ufology experienced between 1988 and
1998. From the Matrix-induced furor of Lear, Cooper and
Bennewitz to the Alien Autopsy and the 50th anniversary of
Roswell, the embarrassing disciplne known as ufology burned
the candle at both ends in a party that never seemed to
end. One aspect of research gave way to another with the
same ease as fashion trends: we went from secret
underground bases to public discussion of abduction
phenomena, then onto Roswell and the government's plethora
of excuses and explanations on the subject, and finally to
the "neo-skeptical" era of questioning everything that the
preceding years had put forth. At the end, we paid our
bill, tipped the check-room attendant, and stumbled into
the daybreak of a new reality.

Commercial interests strip-mined ufology from cereal (a box
of UFOS every morning) to serial (the conspiracy-haunted X-
Files) to the point that the public at large no longer
cares...or event wants to hear the subject mentioned. The
ultimate consequences will not be felt until later this
decade, and the disappearance of many UFO related
publications as forums for information and discussion
represents an alarming trend.
In this issue, Pablo Villarubia pursues one of the scariest
UFO cases of all time while two new members of the
INEXPLICATA team -- José Manuel Durán and Dr. Roque Mecoli
-- give us their viewpoints on the UFO phenomenon.
Contributing   Editor   Manuel   Carballal   explores   the
military/UFO connection and we interview Dr. Rafael Lara
Palmeros.
As always, enjoy the ride. And don't forget to tip the
check-room attendant, will you?

Scott Corrales
Editor, INEXPLICATA
Director, Institute of Hispanic Ufology
World traveller and explorer Pablo Villarubia once again
graces the pages of INEXPLICATA with his presence--this time
as he goes behind one of the most sensational UFO cases in
South America and interviews original witnesses to the event.

The Incredible Saga of Joao Prestes
by Pablo Villarubia Mauso

     In 1946, almost a year prior to the famous incident at Mt.
Rainier (USA) which heralded the start of the modern UFO age, a
farmer died in a most hideous fashion in Brazil's back country.
Within a matter of hours, a strange light had brought about the
death of Joao Prestes Filho by intense burns, according to some
witnesses, or as a result of his flesh falling off from the
bones, leaving bones and tendons exposed--as others would claim.
     The answer to one of the most disconcerting and horrifying
cases in the history of ufology started in the small, noisome
"Minas Gerais" hotel where historian/ufologist Claudio Tsuyoshi
Suenaga and I had lodged in order to research several alleged
Chupacabras attacks in the region. We were in the town of Sao
Roque--47 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo (Brazil)
when my roommate called my attention, breaking the silence of
night, to the pages of a newspaper he had found in the room's
grimy bathroom.

     With a mixture of ecstacy and emotion, stumbling over
words, the young Japanese-Brazilian read out the paper's
contents, dated April 12, 1997: "The esteemed Roque Prestes died
at 91 years of age on April 6th, at his home in this city,...he
was the brother of Joao Prestes (deceased)..." To our
astonishment, we had stumbled onto the trail of the parents of
Joao Prestes Filho, the man who died a terrible death on March
4th, 1946: after having been attacked by an unexplained light,
his flesh began to fall of his bones in chunks, especially off
his jaw, chest, hands, fingers, and feet, dooming him to die
within a mater of hours. To the horror and helplessness of
onlookers, some pieces of flesh remained dangling from his
tendons.
     The Hotel Minas Gerais was the mute witness to our insomnia
and restlessness until dawn, when we contacted a son of the late
Roque Prestes by phone. In a matter of minutes and at brisk
pace, we reached the modest home of sixty year-old Luis Prestes
on teh outskirts of Sao Roque. Luis was still in mourning for
the recent death of his father, Roque -- a former soldier of the
constitutionalist revolution of 1932.
     "Up to very recently, shortly before his death, my father
recalled his brother's tragic passing on that distant year 1946.
I was small--some 9 years old--but I clearly remember what
happened to my uncle Joao. It was carnival week and Joao, who
loathed such festivities, decided to go fishing and drove off in
his cart. He lived in Araçariguama, a little village only 7
kilometers away from San Roque and a hitherto isolated and quiet
community. My aunt went off to the festivities with the children
and left Joao's supper already made at home." Luis Prestes would
explain as we looked on attentively.
"I was in Araçariguama when I learned that my uncle was dying at
a relatives house. I wanted to go in, but it was forbidden,
since I was too young and Joao's physical condition could have
caused a traumatic impression. My father did see him, and Joao
told him that upon returning home and opening the window,
something resembling fire or a "fiery torch" entered the room in
which he was standing. He fell to the floor and felt that his
body was on fire. Wrapping himself in a blanket, he walked over
two kilometers into the village. My father said that Joao was
only burned from the waist up, with the exception of the hair on
his head. I managed to see my uncle when they removed him from
the house to take him to Santana do Parnaíba by truck, where the
nearest hospital was located. I remember that the sheets
covering him were blackened, perhaps by the burns on his body.
Joao died shortly before being admitted to the hospital."
Prestes related as we caught his account on tape.

     "A number of books published in English, Japanese and even
Russian have said tha Joao Prestes died in a hideous manner,
with pieces of his body, such as his ears or parts of his face,
melting off. Is this true?" I asked.
     "No. His appearance, according to my father, who escorted
him to the hospital, was truly ruinous, but it wasn't that
extreme. He had serious burns all over his body. His flesh was
dark and he presented no bodily injuries," explained our
interviewee, making partial changes to the story which had
appeared in books and hundreds of articles published on the
case. "My father was a deputy policeman at Santana de Parnaíba
and requested the assistance of the forensic unit to research
the case, but I don't know anything about the results. The fact
is that nothing burned in the room where Jose was when the fire
appeared. He had no enemies or anyone who'd be interested in
doing such a thing to him. Even as he died, he repeated that the
light had attacked him and that it was "otherworldly","
explained our interviewee. The following item of information
brought us back to reality with a start. " Back then, people
would constantly see fireballs known as "assombraçoes" (ghosts)
in Araçariguama and its vicinity. Some believed they came from
the gold mine that's now closed. Other weird things would
happen, too. My late father told us that around 1922 he was able
to see a lobisomem (wolf-man) while with my grandfather and an
uncle. My uncle apparently threw a rock at it and hit its hand.
The next day, a neighbor turned up with his hand bandaged. Other
people told similar stories," Luis Prestes informed us. The idea
that that the Sao Roque area could be some fantastic "window
area" through which an astonishing variety and quantity of
anomalous phenomena jelled in our minds.
     The theory seemed to match the following data imparted by
our informer. "Something equally scary happened to Emiliano
Prestes, my uncle and Joao Prestes' brother. A few months after
his brother's tragic death, Emiliano was walking through an
Araçariguama forest, in Agua Podre--the same one from which the
lobisomen appeared in 1922 and where the light burned Joao. A
fiery torch appeared above him, causing the terrified Emiliano
to run to a canyon's edge when the thing fell on him. All he
could do was kneel and pray for his life. He told us that he
felt an intese heat, but luckily, the fiery torch moved away and
vanished." Luis's account added even further mysteries to the
area.
     The "fiery torch" or "fireball" was also seen on several
occasions by Luis's father. The object would frighten horses and
riders alike as they made their way through Araçariguama's dark
nights to reach their humble abodes. "The lights wwre seen most
frequently between 3 and 4 in the morning, and were three or
four times larger than the Moon. People would feel their heat
even at a distance, and they were able to move amazingly fast.
My father stopped going to parties at night because of these
lights," Luis Prestes recalled.
Further Aggressions
     Before ending our interview, feeling satisfied by the new
information shedding light on the Joao Prestes case, just as we
were thinking to add nothing further to the proceedings, Luis
Prestes gave us a valuable clue: the possible existence of the
last witness have seen Joao's dying moments. "He's an elderly
gentleman, but very lucid and strong. He lives close to my
neighborhood in San Roque. This is his address."

     We immedately headed toward the residence of Vergílio
Francisco Alves. Upon reaching it, his daughter advised us that
her father was working in the fields in front of the house,
clearing vegetation with a scythe. After some time had elapsed,
Vergílio appeared. To our suprise, he produced his identity card
proving his 92 years of existence in full health.
     Seated on a threadbare sofa in his modest home, Vergílio
explained that he was Joao Prestes's second cousin. "I was born
and raised in Araçariguama. That's where I began working in the
Morro Velho gold mine at the age of 15 o4 16. There was a
British engineer who couldn't write my name and called me garoto
de ouro ("golden boy"). But I'll tell you what I know about the
horrible death of Joao Prestes. It was in 1946 during the
carnival season. He went fishing in the nearby Tieté River,
riding in his cart, while the wife and children went to the
festivities. It was the dry season and there was no rain. When
he got back, he stabled his horse and fed it some corn. He put
the fish in a pot and heated some water with firewood to take a
bath. When he changed clothing, a sort of beam of light or
yellow light had appeared in his room. He felt his body burning
and that his beard, while short, was burning. Panicked, and
unable to move his hands, Joao raised the door latch using his
teeth and ran into the street barefoot, since he never wore
shoes. He ran screaming to his sister María's house, near the
Araçariguama church. He dropped on a bed and said he'd been
burned. The police chief, Joao Malaquías, went over immediately,
who told him there was no one to blame for what had happened,
because his attacker "had not been of this world". This was
followed by lightning and thunder, and a powerful rainstorm..."
     This part of Vergílio's story reminded me of the Varghina
case, which occurred in 1997 in Minas Gerais. A rainstorm the
likes of which had never been seen in Varghina occurred after
the appearance and alleged capture of one or more supposedly
alien creatures. Significant atmospheric changes tend to occur
in "fortean" cases.
     "So, you were able to see Joao Prestes on his deathbed?"
Claudio Suegana asked Vergílio Alves.
     "Yes. My cousin Emiliano Prestes, who was my neighbor,
called me over. When I got to María's house, I found Joao
Malaquías, the sheriff, speaking with Joao. He was in bed and
having problems using his tongue. His skin, which was fair, was
toasted, reddish, as if he'd been roasted. His hands and face
had the worst burns. The hands were twisted. His hair didn't
burn, nor did his feet nor clothing. He was only burned from the
waist up. His feet were torn up from running barefoot on sharp
rocks.

     "Did you see Joao's flesh falling off in pieces at any
time?" I inquired.
     "No, no. His skin was burned, but it wasn't falling off. I
think that the boitatá was to blame, since it had attacked him
once before," Vergílio told us. Claudio and I exchanged looks of
stupefaction as the lucid nonogenarian imparted his information.
     "Please tell us about this other incident," we said, almost
in unison.
     "Well, when Joao was a tropero (cattle driver), he was
still young and lived with his father in Araçariguama. One day
at sundown, as he lead the donkeys over a hill, he saw a fire
that fell from the sky--a fireball. He was near a chapel that
had a cross, and he could feel the fireball passing him, almost
knocking him down. Joao would tell me that at that spot you
could sometimes see ten or twelve balls emerging from the sky.
Some of them were red, others Moon-colored. Sometimes five or
six of them would fall to the ground and explode. People would
call them the boitatá lights..." Vergílio explained.
     I would like to digress to explain that the word "boitatá"
is of native origin and desgnated mysterious lights that would
pursue and even kill the native indians, according to Portuguese
colonial chronicles and the stories of Canarian priest José de
Anchieta in the 16th century.
     Vergílio himself witnessed the apparition of one of these
lights, which emerged from behind the mountain were the gold
mine was and landed on Mt.Saboao, another hill where strange
lights always appear. "We also called those fireballs maes do
ouro (mothers of gold). There was also the "golden lizard", an
elongated tongue of flame that moved in a straight line, slowly,
without making a sound."

     The mysterious Morro Velho gold mine is currently
abandoned. Canadian general George Raston, who founded the mine
in 1926, lived there until it was closed in the late 1930's.
     While we ate some delicious plantains grown by Vergílio on
his own farm, he told us that wolf-men had also been seen in
Araçariguama, thus confirming the information provided by Luis
Prestes.
     "Who took Joao to the hospital?" I asked Vergílio in order
to resume and finish our interview on the case.
     "Malaquías, the sheriff, wanted to take him to a hospital
in Sao Paulo, but the road was in bad shape and they went to
Santana do Parnaíba. An investigation was requested from the
police but no answer was found for the case. They only said that
nothing had burned in Joao's house, since some had said that he
had burned himself with a candlestick.
On the Road to Araçariguama
     Still stunned by the new information in our posession about
the Prestes case, we got on the only bus that makes the trip
between Sao Roque and Araçariguama. Since 1946, when it was a
village without electricity, running water and sewerage,
Araçariguama hadn't grown much and poisonous snakes were still
abundant. It is one of the region's oldest towns and has 7000
residents. It was founded some 350 years ago, and was home to
the bandeirantes, the conquerors of Brazil's vast interior.
     According to a report published in the 1960's by the late
Dr. Walter Bühler, the police condemned Joao Prestes's house and
it was later demolished, since his family was apparently afraid
to return to the house, perhaps considered an accursed location.

     In Araçariguama we met with Fabiana Matias de Oliveira,
head press secretary for the small township, and she led us to
her uncle Hermes de Fonseca, nearly 70 years old and deeply
knowledgeable about the history of the region and its occupants.
As is the case with many Brazilians of his age, he continued
working to earn a living, making small improvements to a farm
close to the Town Hall. Hermes sat on a tree stump and told us
about his life, his arrival in Araçariguama in 1945 and the fact
that a rattlesnake had bitten his ankle--a scar he showed us
proudly.

     "I knew Joao Prestes. I remember the date of his death
perfectly--it was March 5th, 1946. He left behind five or six
children and a widow. I never got to see the body--only a few
people did. But they said that it was burned. The press would
later say that his body had melted, fallen to pieces," the
septuagenarian told us.

     "Weird things have always occurred here. A year after
Joao's death, his brother Emiliano Prestes saw two fireballs
rising and striking each other, rising again and repeating the
same action, close to the cemetery. Suddenly the lights
encircled him and he felt intense heat. He knelt and prayed
until the lights left. Even today you can still see these
lights, but with less innsity, over at Ibaté, between
Araçariguama and Sao Roque. When they strike each other they let
sparks fly, but don't disintegrate. Giomar Gouveia, a champion
jockey and owner of some stables at Ibaté, saw a light hovering
over his animals, giving off orange beams of light. This was in
1995." Hermes da Fonseca recalled.
     Enthused by our interest, Hermes continued, rememebering
dates and details worthy of his appointment as the "official
chronicler" of Araçariguama. "In 1960, Celso Gomide, a bus
driver, was on his way from Sao Roque when he saw a red light
that caused him to stop the vehicle. The light approached the
cabin and Gomide, frightened, began to pray. The passengers were
stunned by the uncanny light, which encircled them for some 20
minutes."

     "In 1955," he continued, "I worked on the construction of a
cable car in the Santa Rita cement factory. It was supposed to
be used to transport rock from a local quarry. It was August
24th of that year and the heat was unbearable when myself and
other workers saw an object drifting in the blue sky as large as
a truck tire, very tall, aluminum-colored, spinning and giving
off smoke--circles of white smile. We saw it at a quarter past
eleven, and by twelve o'clock, five or six FAB (Brazilian Air
Force) airplanes arrived. They were smaller than the flying
wheel, which distanced itself easily from the planes. On the
following day, the "Folha de Sao Paulo" newspaper published an
article about the fact that thousands of people in Osasco (near
Araçariguama) had seen a flying saucer with the same
characteristics."
     Less than a kilometer away from the town is the graveyard.
We found the locak gravedigger, 53 year old Nelson Oliveira, who
led us to the tomb where the mortal remains of Joao Prestes lay.
On the cement box covered by earth there rose a crudely carved
cross and an identification number. Claudio and I felt knots in
our throats as we thought about the last moments of Joao
Prestes' agony. Regaining our composure, we asked Nelson, who
had been a gravedigger since 1976, if he had seen anything
strange in the area.
     "Around 1989 I saw something weird, round, flying over the
cemetery. It was like an upside-down hat made of aluminum,
shining when it moved in a straight line and balancing. It was
headed toward Sao Paulo," the gravedigger told us, using his own
hat as an example.
     During a personal interview with ufologist Antonio Ribera
in Barcelona, he expressed the belief that Joao Prestes could
have been burned by an alien ship's propulsion system. "I don't
think the aliens wanted to harm or kill the farmer. They simply
didn't know what would happen if they came too close to human
beings," Ribera said.
     We had much time to reflect upon the tragic death of Joao
Prestes Filho as a ramshackle bus took us away from
Araçariguama. "What do you think the light that killed Prestes
was?" I asked Claudio. "Maybe ball lightning," he replied. "But,
how can one explain the other lights and creatures in the
region?" I insisted.
     Claudio Suenaga said nothing. He shrugged and cast a last
glance on the church tower of that accursed village.
The Prestes Case: A Study in UFO Intrigue
     The Joao Prestes Case only became known internationally as
of September 1971, when ufologist Irineu Silveira announced the
possible connection between the farmer's death and the UFO
phenomen during the 2nd Symposium on Extraterrestrial Life, held
in Sao Paulo.
     A number of investigators examined the case. Walter Buhler,
one of Brazil's best known ufiologists, believed that Prestes'
burns were attributable to a candlestick. However, the majority
begged to differ, accusing Bühler of belonging to the
"angelical" party of ufology--the side that preaches that ETs
have come to Earth to do good rather than harm. Others, such as
premier ufologist Fernando Grossman, were able to interview
direct witnesses to the case in 1974, such as former apprentice
orderly Aracy Gomide. Based on information supplied by Gomide,
Grossman and physician Luiz Braga reached the conclusion that
Prestes' burns resembled "the indirect effects of a nuclear
explosion, as occured with certain victims of Hiroshima and
Nagasaki. Radiation affected living cells but not the dead ones,
such as hair and the fabric of clothing. But, who in 1946 would
have had a directed beam of powerful atomic particles anywhere
near Araçariguama?
     "It's not an isolated case," Grossman commented during an
interview he granted me in Sao Paulo. "There are many parallels
between his death ant others which occured in the state of Pará
(Brazilian Amazonia) in the late '70s and early '80s. The
researcher pointed out that on the day of Prestes' death, an
Aracariguama councilman named Alencar Martins Gonçalves saw a
"fireball" near the cementary.

     Gomide's statements were internationally echoed and the
majority of the articles appearing in books, magazines and
bulletins based the Prestes Case on this witness exclusively.
Much of the information provided by the former ordely does not
appear to coincide with the recollections of Luis and Roque
Prestes and Vergílio Francisco Alves. According to Gomide, Joao,
upon returning from fishing, jumped through a window to get into
his house, given that his wife had locked the door upon leaving.
It was at that moment that he would have seen the intense light
that burned him. Gomide, who had worked as an Army orderly, was
asked to care for Joao Prestes, with whom he held conversations
during the latter's 6 to 9 hour agony.

     The orderly disclosed that the flesh fell off the victim's
arms, leaving exposed bones and tendons without any indication
of pain. The most affected bodily parts were the face and arms,
but without presenting any darkening--rather decomposition, an
explanation that doesn't jibe with the ones given by Luis
Prestes and Virgilio. On the other hand, all three accounts
coincide in that Joao's shirt and trousers, as well as his hair,
remained intact.
     Claudio Suenaga managed to recover Joao Prestes' death
certificate from the Bureau of Vital Statistics and Notary of
Santana de Parnaíba. Gomide stated that Prestes had died between
three and four o'clock in the morning on March 6, when in fact,
the event occured on March 4 at 22:00 hours and not on the 5th
as was hitherto believed. Physician Luiz Caligiuri indicated the
cause of death in the document as "cardiac collapse, generalized
1st and 2nd degree burns." Joao's age was believed to be 39, but
the document indicates 44 years of age at the time of death.
São Roque, Santana do Parnaiba y Araçariguama: Window Areas?

     The region surrounding Sau Roque, Santana do Parnaíba,
Araçariguama and other towns neighboring one of the most densely
populated cities on Earth (Sao Paulo, with its 18 million
inhabitants) has been the scene of unusual phenomena for many
years.

     The "Supysáua" Newlsetter (March '95), published by the
Grupo Ufológico de Guarujá reported that three children had
witnessed a glowing UFO on January 4, 1994 in Santana de
Parnaíba, where Joao Prestes died. The object approached the
backyard of the home in question and floated less than 15 meters
over the witnesses. Its color was largely yellow and it posessed
sparkling green and red lights. What was remarkable was that
within the yellow light, the children could make out a semi-
circular shape resembling a dome. The children were startled by
the UFOs abrupt, zigzagging movements as it departed at high
speed.

     In that same year and region, a married couple witnessed
from the "Lila" ranch on Km 41 of Castelo Branco highway a
spherical object measuring three meters in diameter which
floated between the trees and made no sound whatsoever. It was
red in color and was darker at its core. Its periphery was
surrounded by several smaller, blinking lights, alternating
between blue and red.
     In 1993, a 12-year old girl named Regiane Barbosa da Silva
witnessed on the same ranch a spherical object measuring some 5
meters in diameter. The UFO suddenly fired a beam of yellow
light that covered the girl's body and lit the surrounding area.
After the event, Regiane experienced headaches and eye
irritation. Three months later, another witness spotted the same
object at the same spot. The watchmen of the "Lila" ranch claim
having seen two humanoids floating over a brook on the ranch's
property.

     An elderly Japanese woman who spent her youth in Santana de
Parnaíba told Suenaga that she had seen a half-wolfman, half-
centaur being in the vicinity of Sítio do Morro. San Roque has
also experienced one of the most intense waves of Chupacabras
activity in all of South America.


There are more details to certain classic UFO cases than ever
make it into most magazines. This is certainly the case with
the equally famous case involving young Brazilian farmer
Antonio Villas Boas...and those who followed him.


An Alien Heat: Chronicles of Sex and Saucery
by Scott Corrales

     It is an unquestionable fact that sex has played a pivotal
role in a number of UFO cases and has become the mainstay of the
abduction phenomenon, whose literature centers around the
non-consensual aspect of these goings-on. But these are merely
the latest facet of a phenomenon that goes back to the very
start of human history and myth. Who can forget the Greek gods
and the numerous guises they assumed to seduce humans? But the
Mediterranean cultures were hardly alone in their beliefs. Hindu
deities were equally proficient at seduction: the Bhaghavata
Purana tells us of the exploits of the divine Krishna with
mortal milkmaids. Hardly a culture in the Americas lacks a story
concerning a sky maiden who fell to earth, married a mortal, and
then returned to her people after having had offspring.
     The notion of sexual congress has also played heavily in
science fiction and other speculative writing as far back as
Edgar Rice Burroughs's John Carter of Mars stories, where the
human hero fights all manner of alien beings on the Red Planet
and wins the affections of the alien princess Deja Thoris
(Burroughs's Martians were oviparous, so in the course of time,
we can imagine that Carter's alien lover laid an egg).
The Case to End All Cases: Antonio Villas Boas

     Many researchers and writers have agreed that should it be
necessary to sum up ufology in a single case, the one involving
the strange experience of Brazilian farmer Antonio Villas Boas
would more than likely be the one to choose.
     Veteran Brazilian ufologist Fernando Cleto reminisces about
the surreal days of this most unusual case: "...as friend of
Joao Martins, I already knew enough about the event in his own
words. On one occasion, I read letters written by Villas Boas
and even managed to see a small model of the "flying saucer" and
one of its occupants--small rustic statuettes whittled out of
wood by Villas Boas himself. I also recall that Joao Martins was
completely opposed to making this case known to the public, and
for this reason it was disclosed much later[...] after Dna.
Irene Granchi made it known overseas. I published my own opinion
in this regard in a Belgian or British magazine--I can't
remember which. I made an observation which greatly favored the
Villas Boas case."

     As if the incredible AVB required further bolstering,
Fernando Cleto managed to show that there had indeed been
sightings of the same elongated oval vehicle elsewhere in Brazil
prior to the date of the events in the AVB case.

     "I remember," says Cleto, "that a few days prior to October
15, 1957, there occured a case in the interior of the State of
Goiás. A car was forced off the road by a force issuing from a
"flying saucer". The driver described something that bore a
strong connection to what Villas Boas had seen. At first, he
compared the UFO to a helicopter having the power to exert
traction...and to have witnessed occupants similar to those seen
by Villas Boas himself. There is no doubt that on November 6,
1957, Colonel Ivo Gastaldoni, who was on the way to the hospital
to see his newly-born daughter, was summoned by his commander to
see a UFO hovering directly over the Cumbica Air Base. The
colonel remarked that the object was high up in the air and well
out of the base's fighters' reach. His overall impression was
that it resembled some sort of egg-shaped craft with a
helicopter blade spinning above the ovoid fuselage.
     "When added to the November 6 case," writes Cleto. "The
event involving the driver before October 15, 1957 coincided
with the description given by VIllas Boas for his own object,
which impressed me greatly. It was as if a certain model of UFO
carrying a very special crew complement had been operating in a
particular region of Brazil for a given period of time, engaged
in a special mission."

     Ufologist Cleto's memorandum regarding the AVB case notes
that Joao Martins' reluctance to disclose the particulars of the
astonishing   AVB  event   was  to   keep   mentally  unbalanced
individuals from conjuring up similar scenarios.

     But what exactly happened to Antonio Villas Boas?
     The deposition taken by investigator Dr. Olavo T. Fontes
and subsequently delivered to Brazil's Ministry of the Navy
remains the cornerstone of research into the case. It was taken
in Fontes' office on February 22, 1958 and witnessed by
journalist Martins himself.
     Villas Boas began by stating that he was 23 years old at
the time and was a farmer by profession. He lived on a fazenda
(ranch) on the outskirts of Sao Francisco de Sales, Minas
Gerais, not far from Sao Paulo, and came from a large family
consisting of two brothers and three sisters who all lived in
the immediate area. The young farmer explained that it was their
custom to work two shifts during the planting season: one at
night, which was his responsibility, and another by day which
was handled by farmhands.

     On October 5, 1957, Villas Boas went to bed at 11:00 p.m.
after a party at the farmhouse. He shared the room with his
younger brother Joao, and they both witnessed a strange
nocturnal light that lit up the entire room, and had its source
in one of the animal pens on the farm.

     It was ten days later--on October 15--that Antonio Villas
Boas would have his historic experience. While driving his
tractor, he noticed a shining star that increased in brightness
as if descending to earth. "In a matter of seconds," he told his
interviewers. "it turned into a very shiny oval object headed
straight for me. He tried to escape from it by speeding up the
tractor, but the object had already landed some 10 to 15 meters
ahead of the tractor. "It got closer and I was able to see, for
the very first time, that it was a strange device with a
slightly rounded shape, encircled by small lights and with a
large, enormous red spotlight in front, from which came all the
light I could see when it was higher...the machine's shape was
now clearly visible. It resembled a large, elongated egg with
three spurs in front." AVB added the curious detail that
"something appeared to be spinning at high speed on top of the
vehicle and gave off a reddish fluorescent light."

     Seized by terror, Antonio jumped off the tractor in hopes
of eluding his pursuers on foot, but the furrowed terrain made a
speedy getaway impossible. The next thing he new, someone had
seized him by the arm. It was a figure much shorter than he,
wearing a "strange outfit" and a helmet. The farmer pushed the
figure away and managed to knock it to the ground, but three
more similarly-dressed figures turned up, grabbing his arms and
legs, bearing him off to the waiting craft.
     Villas Boas indicated that he did not go off meekly to
whatever fate awaited him: he kicked, screamed and hurled
insults at his helmeted captors. Given the narrowness of the
vehicle's access stairway, the farmer managed to break away from
his captors, but he was overpowered once more by their uncanny
strength and superior numbers.
     The humanoids dragged him into the craft, where he was
stripped naked and subjected to several indignities. His captors
drew a blood sample from his chin using a chalice-like device,
and after slathering him with a strange liquid that covered his
entire body, he was taken to a room--unfurnished but for a
couch--were he was left alone for some twenty minutes, by his
count. At this point, a mixture of fear, nausea and coldness,
coupled to the stench of a strange gas that was pumped into the
room, led him to vomit in one of the corners.
     "After a long time," Villas Boas said, "a noise at the door
startled me. I turned in that direction and was shocked to see
that it was now open and a woman was entering the room, walking
toward me. She was approaching slowly, perhaps amused at the
astonishment that must have been visible on my face. My jaw had
dropped, and with good reason. This woman was completely naked,
as was I, and barefoot. She was also pretty, although different
from the women I'd known. Her hair was an almost whitish shade
of blonde, as if peroxided, straight and not very abundant,
neck-length and with the ends curled inward. Her eyes were blue
and large, more narrow than round and slanted outward--like the
pencil-painted eyes of those girls who fancy themselves Arabian
princesses and make their eyes look slanted; that's what they
were like. Only it was a completely natural effect, since there
was no paint at all involved."

     The strange liquid which had been spread over his body,
apparently some sort of aphrodisiac, began to work as Antonio
felt less tense as the small woman began to caress him,
ultimately seducing him. "It sounds incredible," he confessed to
Fontes and Martins during the interview, "given the situation I
was in. I believe that the liquid they rubbed on me was the
cause of it. All I know is that I felt an uncontrollable sexual
excitement, which had never happened to me before. I forgot
about everything and held the woman, returing her caresses with
my own. We ended up on the couch, where we had relations for the
first time. It was a normal act and she responded like any
woman. Then came a period of more caressing followed by more
sexual relations. In the end, she was tired and breathing
quickly. I was still excited, but she now refused and tried to
get away. When I noticed that, I cooled down too. That was what
they wanted from me, a good stallion to improve their stock."
     The door opened once more and two of the "crewmen"
appeared, summoning the woman away. Before leaving, she turned
to the farmer and pointed at her belly, then pointing him, and
finally at the heavens. Curiously, Villas Boas took this to mean
that "she would return to take me from wherever it was she
came."
     After having served as breeding stock, Antonio was
unceremoniously led off the vehicle, which took off immediately.
Returning to his tractor, Villas Boas learned that the time was
now five thirty in the morning. Estimating that the time had
been around 1:15 a.m. when he was abducted, his entire
experience had lasted some four hours and fifteen minutes.
     "My mother told me shouldn't become involved with those
people again. I didn't have the courage to tell my father, since
I had already told him about the light that appeared over the
pens, and he didn't believe me, telling me that I was seeing
things..." Villas Boas concluded.
     After his traumatic experience, Villas-Boas withdrew from
public life to pursue his studies, earning a law degree and
becoming a practicing attorney in the city of Formosa, Goias,
while running a small business on the side. He died in late 1992
in the city of Uberaba, in Brazil's Triángulo Minero.
     In June 1993, the late Dr. Walter K. Bühler, president of
the Sociedad Brasileira de Estudios Sobre Discos Voadores
(SBDEDV), disclosed the fact that between 1962-63, his
organization had received an anonymous letter from the U.S.,
inviting Villas-Boas to visit this country in order to examine a
recovered flying saucer in the possession of the American
military. This letter was sent to Formosa, state of Goiás by Dr.
Buhler. Allegedly, Villas Boas's son advised him that his father
had indeed visited to the United States to inspect the object
but had kept silent the rest of his life concerning the visit.
In the Wake of AVB

     On March 3, 1978, in the small hours of the morning,
eighteen year old Jose Inacio Alvaro, studying to be an
electrician at a vo-tech in the Brazilian town of Pelotas,
noticed a strange glow pouring in through one of the windows of
his house. Alvaro, who had been up at that late hour studying,
felt an unusual torpor seize him at the very moment that a thin
blue beam appeared out of the light. The next thing he
remembered was waking up on the street at a considerable
distance from his home. Casting a frightened look at his
wristwatch, Jose Inacio realized the time was now four o'clock
in the morning: he had no recollection of what events had
transpired in the intervening two hours.
     Jose Inacio's case attracted the attention of Brazilian
ufologists who urged him to undergo hypnosis. The sessions were
conducted by a number of faculty members of the University of
Pelotas and at one point even included the college's chancellor.

     Under hypnosis, Jose Inacio recounted an experience that
rivalled the classic Antonio Villas Boas case: at a given point,
he found himself in an unfurnished, circular room and in the
company of a naked, dark-haired woman that was much taller than
he. At that point, the student realized that he, too, was
unclothed. The woman approached him, placed a hand on his
forehead, and told him not to be frightened since no harm would
befall him. She immediately began caressing Jose Inacio, who at
first had misgivings about the situation but eventually
relented. They ended up having sexual intercourse on a structure
that he described as "a net."

     The details of his carnal experience were intensely
graphic. The hypnotists' report states that the subject's words
and movements clearly indicate he was reliving the experience
under trance. For the sake of decorum, the researchers allegedly
erased the recording of the session.

     Unlike the AVB case, there were witnesses to Jose Inacio's
return from his odyssey. One resident of Pelotas claimed having
seen the student lying on the street at that time of the
morning; upon approaching to offer assistance, the good
samaritan alleged that Jose Inacio stood up like an automaton
and walked away from the scene. Other local residents claimed
having witnessed the passing of a disk-shaped flying object in
the sky above Pelotas, disrupting the power grid as it did so.
     AVB's and Jose Inacio Alvaro's experience were not to be
unique: they would soon have to share the spotlight with those
of a third Brazilian man by the name of Juan Valerio.
     On the evening of November 30, 1982, Juan Valerio da Silva
went out of his house in the rural town of Botucatú to get some
water and did not re-enter the structure. Three hours later, he
was found unconscious in his backyard, naked and covered in what
appeared to be oil.
     Having no conscious recollection of what happened during
the twelve-hour absence, hypnosis was again employed to
ascertain his whereabouts during the "missing time" period.
Valerio claimed that he was taken to a strange place by unseen
captors, stripped of his clothing and placed beside a
dark-skinned naked woman with long black hair who forced him to
engage in sexual activity. A series of "strange tatoos" were
etched upon his body.

     While lacking the lurid descriptions that made his
predecessors' experiences famous, the importance of Valerio's
story lies in what we could term the postscript: the abductee
developed   a  number  of  psychic  abilities,  most  notably
telekinetic powers. He has also had repeated visits from his
non-human hosts, and was led to believe that his eldest son,
Reginaldo, was also the product of genetic experimentation by
these alien entities.

The Events at Mirassol

     Mirassol is a city of some thirty-two thousand inhabitants
in the state of Sao Paulo, Brazil which has earned its place in
ufological history due to the events which allegedly took place
there in 1979, regarding the experiences with non-human entities
lived by Antonio Carlos Ferreira, who was 21 years old at the
time and working as a watchman for a large furniture
manufacturer in town.
     At three o'clock in the morning on June 28th of that year,
Ferreira witnessed a large shining light descend from the
darkness on to the ground not far from where he stood watch. As
he concentrated on the bright light, he then noticed that three
diminutive entities were approaching: their heads were coverd by
opaque helmets and their bodies were encased in form fitting
suits with what the young watchman took to be "breathing
devices". Before Ferreira knew it, one of the beings fired a
beam of red light which left him paralyzed. The was conveyed--in
this state of immobility--toward the painfully bright light,
which turned out to be a small disk-shaped craft that shuttled
Ferreira and his captors to a larger vehicle in space.
     Once aboard this craft, the frightened watchman was
surprised to notice two different sorts of beings milling about:
one having dark skin and curly red hair, and the other with
lighter complexions and straight black hair; both non-human
species had large slanted eyes, wide mouths with thick lips,
well-defined chins and lacked eyebrows or eyelashes. His own
abductors proved to be some sort of "mechanical men" who
returned to their stations against a wall after delivering their
captive.
     Had nothing else occurred, Antonio Carlos Ferreira would
have merely been a South American Travis Walton--a stranger in a
strange place filled with non-human entities. But the most
harrowing part of his unearthly experience was still to come.
The humanoids transferred the watchman to a small room and told
to lie down on a couch after giving him multiple assurances by
telepathic means that he would be returned home unharmed.
     Feeling more at ease, Ferreira complied until another being
appeared in the room: it was a naked female of the darker
skinned alien species. Under the hypnotic regression preformed
by the late researcher Walter K. Buhler, Gullermo Pereira and
Ney Matiel, Ferreira described his would-be sex partner as
downright repulsive, having an unpleasant breath, an overly
large chin, small breasts and icy cold skin. The detail of red
pubic hair, which had first emerged in the Villas Boas case,
resurfaced in Ferreira's experience.
     A struggle with the aliens--also remisicent of the AVB
case--would take place as three of the creatures tore his
clothes off to prepare him for the act. Ferreira was outraged
and told the female not to come closer since "her ugliness was
repulsive". A slightly taller alien gave Ferreira an injection
that caused him to lose strength and brought his combativeness
to an end. They then covered him in a dark, amber-colored oil
and placed the repulsive-looking female on top of him. The
sexual act was rapidly consummated and the aliens fussed over
him again, bathing him in the strange oil once more. His captors
informed him they came from "another planet" and that their
mission was to secure human offspring for future research; he
was told that he would be contacted once more in order that he
could meet his hybrid offpring.

     At one point, Ferreira complained of an inability to
breathe and his abductors gave him an unpleasant-tasting liquid
that appeared to remedy the situation. Similar "cordials" (for
want of a better word) also been described in other Brazilian
cases, such as the one involving the soldier "Jose Antonio", who
was abducted by strange dwarves while fishing on a riverbank.
     Ferreira apparently underwent other abduction events of
which he had no conscious recollection whatsoever--the second in
January 1983 and the third in April of that same year.

One Day While Chasing Kites
     This case takes us from subequatorial Brazil to the
Caribbean, where in 1934, a teenager identified only as "Julio"
became the protagonist of an episode that would scar him for
life. It was first investigated by Puerto Rican ufologist
Sebastián Robiou (mid-70s), then re-investigated by Salvador
Freixedo (late '80s). The witness has since been interviewed
once more by Magdalena del Amo-Freixedo (1997).
     One morning, while flying a brand new kite on a slope
outside the city of Mayaguez, Puerto Rico, before going off to
school, young Julio was startled to see his kite being sucked in
by what appeared to be an air-pocket or vaccuum of some kind. He
pulled on the string and noticed an inordinate amount of
resistance from the wayward kite. Upon looking up, he was amazed
to see a ball "like a ball bearing", but measuring some twenty
feet across and having the same coppery hue of a BB. A light
issued from the object and he felt himself being raised into the
air. Before he knew it, he was inside the strange flying object.
     "One one side, I saw a girl," Julio indicated during the
interview conducted by Robiou. "and on the other was a guy
looking at a some sort of giant emerald. He wore a tight-fitting
olive-drab suit that looked like plastic. I couldn't see his
face, because he was minding the device. He gestured at the
girl...the girl had a pinkish complexion and wore a silvery
suit. She was small, like one of our six year-old girls, with
platinum blonde hair. I don't rememeber the color of her eyes."
     Julio explained that the child was holding his kite in her
hands, and that he made all possible efforts to tell her that it
belonged to him. The girl not only did not surrender the kite,
but instead gave him a small box, from which images could be
made to appear. He did not remember how, but the object returned
him to the place from which he had been collected, and returned
him abruptly to the ground. He suffered a sprained ankle as a
result of the experience--but he had the curious little box with
him.

     Further details would emerge during Freixedo's re-opening
of the case. "Julio", now a hardened man in his early sixties,
informed the Spanish ufologist of the ultimate fate of the
little box he'd been entrusted with.
     The box measured some 20 x 20 x 20 centimeters, and when
its "user" placed his or her hands upon it, a "kind of vapor
made up of lights" would spin on its surface, causing an
entity--as small ape-like creature no more than 1 meter tall
--to appear in the room. According to Julio, the entities
materialized in such a manner would not speak and appeared to be
surprised to find themselves in an alien environment. The
girl-child on the strange object had successfully caused the
"little apes" to return to their native surroundings or "back
into the box", as Julio put it. Only the hapless boy was not so
good at this final aspect: the diminutive simians would
materialize and vanish at breathtaking speed out the window,
many times in the presence of his classmates who had asked him
to perform the "neat trick" with the box. The apported entities
were not at all pleased, claimed Julio, with their new
condition. They would frighten children and dogs, and appeared
to prowl the surroundings of Julio's family's house. "Believe
me," he told the researcher. "I would just like to die. I'm
tired of seeing strange things." The supernatural primates had
apparently been the source of a number of mysterious deaths
which had occured in his corner of southwestern Puerto Rico over
the decades.
     When Magdalena del Amo-Freixedo re-opened the case as part
of her book Abducciones (Bell Book, 1998), a further wrinkle
appeared which has a direct bearing to this article.
     Now willing to go on the record by his real name --Juan
Rivera Feliberti--he explained to Del Amo-Freixedo that his
contact with the alien "girl" had not stopped after the incident
of the wayward kite. Many years later, now a married man with
children, the experiencer moved from Mayaguez to Sabana Grande,
P.R. and took his family to the beach one day. While the
children frolicked in the water, "Julio" decided to go fishing.
He suddenly realized he was not alone: a beautiful woman had
appeared right in front of him. A wave of remembrances washed
over him as he realized her blonde hair was identical to that of
the girl in the odd circular vehicle so many years ago. He asked
her where she came from, and she allegedly replied "from far
away, from the stars...".
     Male figures soon appeared, clad identically to the one he
remembered seeing back in 1934. "They were the lady's
companions...they were identical to the one I'd seen as a boy.
Suddenly, I don't know what she did, but she was completely
naked. She didn't tell me anything, but I understood in my mind
that she wanted to have relations with me. I didn't want to...I
wanted to run away. Besides, my wife could catch me if she
happened to come around." Although hesitant to describe his
unusual experience to a female investigator, Del Amo-Freixedo
eventually convinced him to elaborate. Uncomfortably, "Julio",
now in his seventies, continued the story: "Look, I didn't want
to at first, but you know how it is. I was young and the woman
was very good-looking. She began caressing me all over, and we
ended up like men and women do when they're both unclothed."
     "Julio" bashfully added that his alien lover's body was not
exactly like that of a human female: her breasts appeared to be
placed lower on the torso and her pubic area was hairless. He
made the curious observation that her skin, while soft, was
somewhat scaly. These anatomical differences did not deter him,
however: "We [had sex] several times. I think four. Back then
one was full of energy and recovered quicker." In subsequent
years, he would return to the scene of the events in hope of
seeing his unusual sex partner again, but never did.

     As if to bring the events in the long, strange life of Juan
Rivera Feliberti to a full circle, at around three o'clock a.m.
one day in 1995, he saw the same girl who's stolen his kite once
more, standing outside his house.

Conclusion
     Regardless of the stance we may take regaridng the UFO
phenomenon, and provided that we are willing to suspend
disbelief, the information that can be gleaned from these cases
is of considerable interest: absent from the scene are the
Greys, Reptoids and Nordics that seem to populate the abductee
chronicles--here we have beings of an entirely different
taxonomy engaged in an operation or mission that appears to be
taking place largely within the confines of Brazil, the South
American giant. The commonalities of the experiences--the oily
liquid applied on the abductees, which serves as antiseptic and
aphrodisiac   at  once;   the  beverage   that   relieves  human
discomfort; the choice of intercourse rather than artificial
insemination--link them together while separating them from the
coldly clinical abduction phenomenon in the northern hemisphere.
     The fact that this libidinous aspect of the UFO phenomenon
appears to have a strong preference for Brazil has led to jocose
comments on the appeal of Brazilian virility to non-human
intelligences. We cannot deny, however, that somewhat similar
situations have occured elsewhere in the world as well as in our
own country.

     In October 1974, oil worker Carl Higdon took a day off from
work and went hunting near Rawlins, Wyoming. Coming across an
elk (an astonishing piece of luck in itself on the first day of
hunting), Higdon pulled the trigger on his rifle only to see the
bullet issue from the weapon in slow motion and land fifty feet
away from him. To his astonishment, the hunter realized that
time was standing still all around him and that a chinless,
jawless alien being was looking at him. Higdon was apparently
abducted and hooked up to strange devices aboard "a cube-shaped
UFO". The hunter attributed the reason for his being returned to
Earth by his captors was that he had had a vasectomy performed a
few years before the abduction and was therefore useless for the
"breeding program" that his captors appeared to be pursuing.


José Manuel Duran's interests range from parapsychology to the
role of heavy metal music in the occult. Did we mention he's
also a ufologist? This is his first contribution to
INEXPLICATA.

An Embarrasment of Humanoid Riches
by José Manuel Duran

We sometimes complain that the subjects of our interest seldom
receive the attention they deserve, and we're even forced to
acknowledge at some point that mystery appears to follow its own
undefined, aimless path.
We complain that Ufology (which is the subject we are discussing
now) is simply not credible to the rest of the mortal world, and
if we cast a light glance over what is currently on the burners,
we will be forced to admit defeat.
Are They here? Regardless of their provenance from Outer Space,
other levels of existence or from the very innards of our minds,
it is fitting to provide answers to thse questions, since we
have spent more than 50 years playing with the same details,
changing their colors and adapting new terminology, but which in
the final analysis is the hated "more of the same" situation. We
should be able to explain, at least, what they're like and what
they want. These answers are not very clear to the vast majority
of researchers and the statements made by the boldest among them
are so ambiguous as to be worthless.
Few of us doubt that the devices we have chosen to dub UFOs or
Flying Saucers are manned and that bizarre-looking beings (at
least non-human looking) come and go with relative ease. When
discussion first began on such strange things, it was said that
the crewmen--the humanoids--were here to sneak a peek at us
humans, much like tourists. However, there soon appeared cases
in which these beings were seen to steal (?) rocks, grass, or a
deer now and then. Were they covering such great distances to
gather samples? How absurd...although, that's exactly what we
did when we went to the Moon.
But a question rapidly emerges once we accept the possibility
that They are here. Are they aggressive? Merely explorers?
Peeping Toms? Invaders? Who can tell? After years of case
studies, it would seem as if They have lost interest in the
things that our planet has to offer and have arrogantltyy passed
up on fish, water, and power stations to concentrate a little
more on human beings...the allegedly intelligent species that
misguidedly thinks it rules the world.
On a personal note, I would like to know what these UFO crewmen
are like: what they look like, if they have ears and tails,
noses, mouths or teeth. I'd like to know if their feet smell, if
they sneeze, need to use helmets, if they blink, if they can see
colors...but researchers, those who have consecrated their life
and efforts on this accursed crusade, are not able to devote
solid answers to these questions.


Millions of eyewitness accounts; humanoids all over the world
whose descriptions vary in an alarming manner. Does this give
ufology greater credibility, or does it undermine its health?
What are they like? How many fingers to they have? Are they
ugly? Do they have shape? Genitalia?

At first, the variety of occupants was such that the enormous
differnces between them were illogical (or at least, didn't seem
logical to us). If these were extraterrestrial visitors, why
were so many diferent species visiting us? The broad zoo of
ufology gave skeptics reason to laugh (and it still does), since
they're aware that there's no way of grappling with these
invaders: Humans, monsters, apes, tall, short, blond, hairy,
hairless,   speaking,   grunting,   telepathic...They're   either
stealing pebbles or arranging their vehicles in the shape
of...hell!... everything from eggs, irons, tourines, dishes,
balloons, triangles, squares...there are as many types of
humanoids as there are craft in which to carry them. I sincerely
doubt that there could be as many rubberneckers on this planet.
No space civilization could be intelligent if they stopped to
look at human beings at the drop of a hat. Could we be dealing
with a crude, vulgar hoax? Is it all just a deception, or a
fraud? Are the documents obtained over all these years of
research at all reliable? Of course they can be reliable.
Perhaps--as was observed by earlier reserachers into the
mystery--they are only showing us a disguise that conceals their
true intentions. Maybe. Perhaps this could just be an
explanation   to   justify   the   variety   of   creatures   and
spaceships...maybe it's an attempt to avoid insisting on why
everything is so absurd, on why everything is so complicated.
Why won't the pieces of this jigsaw puzzle fit?
In any case, we cannot overlook the small evolution that the UFO
phenomenon has undergone in itself. Even today, we continue to
see vehicles of many different characteristics, but saucerlike
craft remain alarmingly dominant, along with spherical objects
and the ubiquitous triangular objects which have caused so many
headaches in recent years. The "intentions" of the alien
astronauts (?) have also varied, and far from making repairs to
their vehicles in remote and deserted fields, or taking samples
of rocks, vegetation or dirt, they have concentrated their
efforts upon animals and above all, humans, whom they supposedly
abduct.
This humanoid taxonomy has also spit out a pattern known as the
"Greys" or "EBEs", who majestically dominate the ufological
scene. Perhaps this is the alien race that visits us with
malevolent intentions? Or is it still just another element in
this UFO free-for-all? Perhaps they represent a logical
ingredient in the illogical soup of ufology, or another joke for
the sideshow we have been witnessing--the irritating theatre
show   of   hair-raising    incongruities   which   mock   human
intelligence. Maybe there are just too many saucers, too many
humanoids...maybe so. But for some reason or another we must
remain in the breach, which promises to be the only we we shall
ever understand this phenomenon some day. It's almost certain
that we aren't wasting our time.


Argentina's Dr.Roque Mecoli is a distinguished scientist and
instructor with a lifelong interest in UFOs. His MISTERIO-AR
newsgroup on the Internet is one of the most highly respected in
South American ufology. Please join me in welcoming his first
contribution to INEXPLICATA.

The Pros and Cons of Alien Visitation
by Dr. Roque Mecoli

Regardless of whether we are being visited or not by entities
from outer space and/or other dimensions (a caveat I make out of
respect for the beliefs of others, "yea" sayers and naysayers
alike, since I have stated elsewhere that I have the impression
that the polarities in this and many other aspects [of the UFO
phenomenon] have existed for years, and I honestly do not want
to engage in a debate because we are unlikely to reach a
satisfactory conclusion for all the perspectives), there is a
highly interesting which I have never seen mentioned in any
bibliography or copious reports on the subject.
When we speak of the intentions of the E.T.'s who are supposedly
visiting us, there are certain matters to be taken into
consideration.
Allow me for a moment, in the guise of a working hypothesis
only, to accept beyond any doubt whatsoever that our world has
been visited for centuries by nonhuman entities, hailing from
cosmic   space,   hailing  from    other  dimensions,  or   from
wherever...What do we actually know about them? Quite a bit, and
nothing to sneeze at. Let's see...
     •    If we take reports that discuss their behavior to be
          valid documents, it is plainly shown that to date,
          they have no intention to manifest themselves publicly
          and clearly to mankind as a whole. If they have the
          means and/or the technology to get here, it is absurd
          to suppose that they would not know how to do so or be
          unable to do so, since even by means of crude "radio"
          technology, emitting primitive signals that betray the
          existence of an intelligent pattern behind them, would
    suffice to begin an exchange.

•   If we take the reports of cases in which vehicles
    and/or occupants have been taken by surprise by humans
    as true, their behavior has generally resulted in
    escape or avoidance, sidelining the abduction issue
    due to its polemical nature and to keep this analysis
    from becoming overly complex (Please note I said
    "taken by surprise").
•   The luminous manifestations that would theoretically
    be identified as their craft and/or conveyances in our
    world, cannot to this day be satisfactorily explained
    by science, int the sense that many reports hint at a
    technology or handling of underlying physical laws
    which our own scientific development has not yet
    attained, at least to the level necessary to
    understand them (regardless of what said "lights"
    actually may be).

•   The foregoing point, in turn, gives rise to this one:
    that any person having a knowledge of physics and
    other related sciences is aware that space travel per
    se is a matter of the utmost complexity. Things do not
    occur as they do in the movies, or in Star Trek, where
    building-sized vehicles move with the same ease as
    car. There is nothing more hostile, horrible and
    inhospitable than deep space, and it is necessary to
    possess   advanced   knowledge   to   cover   sidereal
    distances,   aside  from   having,   of  course,   the
    scientific background to bring it into being in the
    first place. If we add to this cocktail the subject of
    interdimensional travel, then the degree of complexity
    increases exponentially and shockingly.
•   In spite of the countless UFO reports in existence,
    showing the most diverse configurations imaginable
    (many of them perhaps fraudulent, others representing
    genuine enigmas), these entities have proven to be, to
    date, sufficiently intelligent as to not leave any
    tangible proof of their existence--some device,
    mechanism or even a screw left behind one night
    somewhere...enough to analyze in our laboratories and
    discover, at the very least, an alloy not of this
    Earth (we only have photographs and film clips which
    are largely useless).
•   This point is likewise derived from the foregoing: the
    ability to avoid making mistakes of this nature
    renders the belief that their vehicles could come
    crashing to the ground as sheer foolishness; as if
    said vehicles were piloted by student drivers. If they
    have been able to overcome the bleakness of space and
    are not prone to minor errors as stated before, this
    agrees perfectly with a coherent set of suppositions,
    and I repeat, indicates concomitant intelligence
    and/or advanced knowledge. Therefore, my friends, I do
    not believe in the ubiquitous saucer crashes, one of
          them which has been highly touted.

     •    There are persons dubbed "Contactees", allegedly
          having the ability to make contact with these
          intelligences (or perhaps more aptly, they have the
          ability to reach Contactees!) through a variety of
          means, with the common denominator in this cases being
          some sort of teaching and/or advice and/or lessons
          given by these entities to mankind. There are also, it
          would seem, isolated individuals or groups who are in
          contact   with  these   intelligences  under   certain
          circumstances.

To avoid overly extending this article, I will stop with the
ones we have listed up to here in an effort to see if certain
deductions can be made from them...although my sole interest is
in articulating the following question: What inferences can be
made concerning their intentions? This is the question I would
like to address--one which has been a matter of exchange between
researchers and enthusiasts for a long time now.

First, may I remind the reader that these are completely a
priori
suppositions, and should not be construed as my taking a stance
on them. I only wish to reach, through simple logical reasoning,
at least a single port having a certain degree of validity. To
do this, my working method accepts and holds true many things
which I am perfectly aware are not shared by others, but, I
repeat, it is only a focusing point, whose foundations are
perhaps incorrect (to some). With a bit of luck, we shall see if
we can determine the point at which "there are errors in the
hypothesis", since this would in itself imply a humble degree of
progress in the subject.
Furthermore, throughout this entire analysis, I have stationed
myself on a kind of "middle of the road" that is as logical and
natural as possible, but I am fully aware that in doing so I'm
putting aside numerous factors--perhaps some of them highly
important.
My very personal, and perhaps debatable, manner of approaching
an issue of this nature is to try and adopt the mindset or
perspective of my opponent, and try to reach some possible
solutions by this method. But, isn't it reckless or nonsensical
to adopt the stance of an ET, of whom we know next to nothing
aside from contactee-provided information? I don't think so, if
we bear certain details in mind.

While it is true that we don't known any life forms comparable
to humanity at the level of development analogous to the
development   of   a  substantial  culture   or  civilization,
terrestrial science can fortunately assist us with a healthy
dose of common sense.

Thus, through information provided by radio telescopes from
distant and perilous places in the cosmos, we know that the
molecules and atoms discovered so far prove that "there is
nothing new under the sun". It is of no concern that the Orion
Nebula has oxygen existing as a positive ion in its natural
state, due to the formidable conditions reigning there, and
which cause it to lose electrons--a fact which could only be
duplicated on Earth under special laboratory conditions.
What matters is that oxygen is there and continues to be oxygen,
even many light-years away. Furthermore, more complex molecules
have been found, such as the simplest alcohols, cyanohydrin, and
perhaps most interestingly, the precursors of the aminoacids,
among others. To a chemist like myself, the observation of such
molecules allows me to infer their bonds, energy, etc.--matters
which are commonly known to modern chemistry. To summarize the
chemical aspect, I will state that I'm convinced that regardless
of the planets or places these life forms may hail from, they
will be the product of the logical adaptation of their lives to
their specific worlds, but will be unable to escape the laws of
chemistry. Therefore, I do not believe at all (and this
statement is just one example) that in any part of the Universe
there could be complex silicon-based lifeforms, for the simple
reason   that   the  silicon   atom's   size,   linked  to   its
electronegativity, forbids the creation of long and stable
atomic chains (as carbon is able to do) both here and in the
most distant galaxy, in conditions which are analogous to our
own.

I will brook no debate on this question, and any arguments to
the contrary belong squarely in the realm of science fiction,
for the moment. In any case, radiotelescope data serves to
confirm my ideas, and that is why I mention it. My impression is
therefore that an attempt must be made to understand the mental
mechanisms of hypothetical creatures, very possibly different to
us and having internal differences that agree to the external
ones (the absence of a heart, or a heart having four ventricles,
or anything you can imagine), but basically constituted by
chemical parameters which could under no circumstances be
opposite to our own. In this sense, I'm surprised-- and even
suspicious, why not? -- that the entities described to now,
which have been seen or allegedly seen, resemble us so
closely...there is talk of the Chupacabras, etc., and even the
notorious "Greys" having a decidedly humanoid appearance. Of
course, I accept that someone can sustain the hypothesis that
Life, as a universal phenomenon, may be almost identical
throughout the universe as regards its appearance (a very
respectable position, in fact), but I think its a flimsy
hypothesis to uphold, aware as we are of the extraordinary
complexity and diversity in the Cosmos. To summarize this item:
these life-forms cannot have nightmarishly different thought
processes from our own, despite having two heads and five arms,
if you like. It is quite logical to suppose, based on their
probable chemical framework, and on information which we already
have, that they cannot be substantially different from us.
It is therefore that I risk putting myself in their position in
an effort to answer the question stated earlier. At this purely
scientific point of the matter I reiterate my strong-headedness,
and will only accept strictly scientific rebuttals. I will
accept, however, any theories different to my own or opposite to
them, as well as the corresponding rebuttals.

To summarize from another perspective:
a) If they are very similar to us based on the idea that Life in
the Universe follows similar patterns, regardless of any other
factors, then this is a point in favor of the contactees, and it
is neither difficult nor reckless to guess their thought
patterns.
b) If on the contrary, this is not the case, there are weighty
reasons to suspect that their basic chemistry cannot be so
wildly diverging from our own--what is more, it should be almost
identical (by this I don't mean metabolic or chemical processes,
or anything similar) and only differences in structure and
function by adaptation factors would be observable. They could
have chloroplasts instead of mitochondria, or their aminoacids
could be dextrogyrous and/or levogyrous, they could be anaerobic
or aerobic, oviparous rather than mammals, etc. But the essence
rests upon what its chemically known to us, and therefore, I
don't believe their minds would consider it prudent to point
their spaceships toward the core a nearby star to acquire a
suntan for beauty purposes (?) in an act of cosmic madness (or
would cosmic "incineration" be more appropriate?).

I don't wish to dwell on this point excessively, but I insist
that chemistry could be of great help to us in this analysis.
While I cannot continue abounding on this for reasons of time as
so as not to abuse my readers' patience, it is still possible to
pursue this analysis from a chemical perspective, approaching
other aspects and details. This means that we can reach the same
conclusion on different paths: they must have something (or
enough) in common with us to try and speculate on their possible
intentions, using our own brains as tools. But what if they're
beings from other dimensions? What if their worlds are located
in other dimensions? What if they are beings of raw energy? What
if their spaceships or their travels are interdimensional?

I will discard nothing. What is more, I have heard the above
from many contactees....Ahhhh!! Wait a minute....because in this
case we have already detected a contradiction or at least a
matter that is difficult to explain. Because if this is the
point, then I don't understand what they would find of interest
to them in the "physical" world (our own planet, of course). Why
appear thousands of times in their shiny vessels if they could
do the very same thing from a higher dimension, in principle,
without being noticed, since dimensions are interpenetrating
(from the physical and mystical standpoint alike) Why descend
from their vehicles at night and engage in unfathomable motions
and actions? This is utterly ridiculous!
Furthermore, haven't contactees themselves told us that their
communications are almost 100% mental, telepathic, etc.? Or does
a contactee have to board a saucer to receive instruction? I've
never heard such a tale from any contactee...The moral here is
that they are either not interdimensional, nor do they travel
through other dimensions, or all the reports compiled to date
are frauds, hoaxes or errors, or obey some hitherto unknown
natural phenomenon having nothing to do with aliens, saucers,
etc.
Under no circumstances can I believe that beings having such
scientific and/or technological development would have the need
to scorch some fields on lonely nights, nor mutilate cattle for
God-knows-what reason. Such silliness eludes all logical
thinking and does not deserve the slightest analysis, so one
would have to choose to believe one thing or another, but I fear
that it's impossible to believe both at the same time.
Furthermore,    the    alternative    of    the    hypothetical
interdimensional origin of the ETs with their constant public
appearances in the world in which we live is incompatible or
irreconcilable with the concept of Energy, which has been well
studied by the science known as physics. It is evident for
anyone who handles the most basic rudiments of this discipline
that a fundamental question arises: regardless of the methods
employed, nor the energy sources to which they have access, nor
their advancement relative to our own...if a saucer, for
example, must traverse the vast distances of outer space, this
would imply a truly massive consumption of energy, as any
astrophysicist, physicist or astronomer very well knows, and
which can even be calculated according to the circumstances. If
rather than travelling through space, we imagine travel across
dimensions, jumps from one dimension to another, etc. (with all
the materializations and dematerializations involved) and the
plethora of fantastic statements which I have heard, according
to what we known about the structure of matter and some of its
laws, this would involve a far greater energy expenditure than
conventional travel.

Therefore, unless ET's are certifiably insane (which I doubt),
it is unreasonable to choose (even if they had the wherewithal
to do so), a process involving greater energy consumption over
one that involves less. These processes are truly exorbitant.
Things are not handled this way in the Universe...nor can two-
headed, five-armed creatures do it, as I stated earlier (unless
they have a screw loose, lost in some field at night...)
Any thinking beings, regardless of their galaxy, having to abide
by such choices, is condemned beforehand by supine idiocy to
never reach space even in a primitive capsule, as we did. In
fact, I believe they would never even manage to develop a
moderately advanced civilization. These points having been
cleared, let us return to our main goal.
To avoid writing countless additional reasoning, it will be most
expedient, I think to move on to the matter that interests us
most: whether these beings have good or bad intentions toward
us. It is not an easy question to address, of course, but we'll
give it a shot...
     •    What could be going through the minds of these beings
          that flutter around our world?
     •    Why do they do it, or have chosen to do it since the
          past, regardless of what point in the past?
     •    What could be so interesting and important about Earth
          to them?

To judge by the available information, we can observe an
attitude of investigation: they want to know our world, our
cities, our soil, our atmosphere, our traits...things that are
natural and reasonable in my view. If we someday manage to
travel great distances and stumble across a planet inhabited by
beings having certain sophistication, we would probably behave
in much the same way. It is obvious that "they" would have
realized that we are not only underdeveloped, not only
technologically, but that we are unfortunately a race unable to
overcome its warlike nature and a series of "bad habits" that
makes us worthy of being kept at arms'length. This crucial point
enables us to make a deduction from both the technological and
temporal standpoints--given the extensive amount of time they
have spent among us, they have had the occasion and the means to
conquer us and/or enslave us. If they haven't done so it's
because the have chosen not to...or because they don't
exist...it's just that simple (at least for the time being).

What I really don't understand are the arguments wielded by so
many people in the sense that it is illogical that after the
tremendous effort involved to reach us, in energy alone, they
should not show themselves openly and boldly.

Friends...if I was an ET and reached a planet having
characteristics like our own, I might behave exactly the same
way. I would carry out my assigned tasks (most likely of a
scientific nature) and would have nothing at all to do with the
planet's occupants, or would at least try not to. At most, I
would try to take some random specimens for a more detailed
study   (abductions?   kidnapping?   Hmm.   Rather  interesting
variables...)
Up to this point everything would appear to run smoothly in our
line of reasoning, but there are certain matters that interfere
with this line of thought. Firstly, Contactees tell us of the
existence of supposedly telepathic channels that exist between
themselves and the aliens. By means of said exchange, we now
have enough information concerning their thought processes,
intentions, purpose on Earth, etc. Are such exchanges at all
feasible?

I would think so (since it has nothing to do with the subject of
interdimensional travel or similar absurdities), since I don't
have any elements that let me discard, ipso facto, a mental
resonance between a human being, in this case, and an ET aboard
a spacecraft circulating in our own atmosphere. I am well aware
that this is a highly controversial subject, since telepathy is
not scientifically proven in the lest...I am employing a rather
unscientific argument which feels satisfactory to me. A case in
point: I've lost count of the times that for various reasons
I've thought of my beloved cat Ro-Ro (an animal!) only to have
her, don't ask me how, pick up my thoughts and respond to them.
If this isn't a mental link between myself and her, then
somebody please explain to me what it is! (my apologies for such
a simple example, but i have no inclination to steer from this
subject and have to write many additional pages).
In any case--I repeat and I stress--my intention is not to
unleash an argument on this point. I'm merely expressing my
opinion freely, accepting that there are ideas diametrically
opposed to mine.
Retaking the path of our analysis, I think that there is a vital
key concealed herein to answer our initial question.
•    It is indispensable to create interdisciplinary scientific
     teams to engage in a serious, rigorous and unprejudiced
     study of the Contactee phenomenon.

Said teams, after detecting and discarding hoaxers and impostors
(of which I am not sure) must probe to the fullest extent
possible, after a arduous, difficult and prolonged process,
these people and the messages they receive. It is obvious that
three conclusions will we reached, among others:

     a. That it is impossible to draw any definitive conclusions
     (which I doubt).
     b. That reasonable conclusions can be drawn which frame,
     within a reazonable percentage of certainty, that we are
     being visited by aliens.
     c. That conclusions can be drawn as to the whole thing
     being explainable through alternative mechanisms, and that
     it is almost a certainty that there are no aliens to speak
     of.
It is almost childish to hint at the importance of these
conclusions, regardless of alternative "b" or "c" being the
winner.
Since I cannot constitute on my own, or insanely take on the
faculties of an entire high-pressure work team in action, it
becomes obvious that I lack the elements to judge the contents
of the messages as being true. Doing so is meaningless in the
context of being unable to support them by facts or serious
studies made in this regard. I further understand that all of
this exposition has
left many loose ends, which I myself have left untied. But the
fact remains that it is a very complex matter and tying them up
would mean retracing my steps and writing a whole lot more...an
activity for which I unfortunately lack the time.
I can neither confirm nor deny that there are ETs spinning
around out there, but if so, I tend toward believing that their
activities are not unwholesome toward us. At least, as far as we
can tell or guess at now, whether because their moral fiber is
such...or because there are simply no ETs at all out there. All
is relative, and it could be that the facts will prove me wrong
tomorrow...I don't know...in fact, I have no reason to
know...the progress of the events shall ultimately be the factor
that determines the ultimate truth of the matter.

[Dr. Mecoli welcomes your      comments   to   his   article   at:
rofe48ma@cablenet.com.ar]
Never Mind the Saucers: UFOs Identified!
by Manuel Carballal
     Spanish defense minister Eduardo Serra will find himself
having to reply before Congress to a question placed by deputy
Willy Meier, a member of the Defense Committee: what was the
true nature and purpose of the device that crashed in Barbate
(Cádiz) a few years ago, and whose existence has been denied by
the Defense Ministry?
     In 1997, the residents of Barbate (Cádiz) were startled by
the collision of a strange object. One of the witnesses did not
delay in taking photographs showing the debris of what has been
identified as a U.S. spyplane, along with two helicopters from
the military base at Rota and U.S. troops collecting the
remains. Meyer suspects that the Rota base is employed to store
sensitive espionage devices, such as a sophisticated telephone
detection system and small unmanned drone spyplanes.

     The first time that Meyer addressed the government in
regard to the artifact that collided in Andalucía and was later
collected by the Americans, Defense thoroughly denied it. But
now the deputy has photographic proof of what he believes to be
a violation of national airspace.

     Strange incidents have occured over the past years in other
parts of the country, but have otherwise been relegated to the
shadowy borderlands of the saucer mythos. Mysterious lights in
the sky, unknown radar traces, enigmatic objects that crash and
are retrieved by military men...it seems like a storyline for
the X-Files, but the source behind these events is much more
solid than that: there is no need to invoke little green men
from space.
     Meyer's questions in Parliament coincide with a political
storm that has been brewing in Italy as the consequence of an
aviation accident which took place almost 20 years ago: at 10:00
pm on the night of July 27, 1980, a DC-9 flying between Bologna
and Palemo crashed and killed 81 passengers aboard it what would
become known as the Ustica Tragedy. At the time, some Italian
publications attributed the collision to the DC-9's proximity to
a UFO prior to crashing, and even that the airliner exploded in
mid air. The Italian military denied everything, insisting that
it had merely been an accident.
     But special judge Rosario Priore has recently brought
generals Lambarto Bartolucci, the former Air Force Chief of
Staff; Franco Ferri, the former Assistant Chief of Staff of the
Defense Ministry; Corrado Mellillo, former Section Chief of the
Air Force, and Zeno Tascio, former head of Intelligence for the
Italian Air Force on the grounds of bearing false witness--all
of them stand accused of lying about the Ustica Tragedy.
     Only a few weeks ago, several German publications printed
the hitherto most solid theory about the accident: the UFO
sighted by the witnesses to the event was in fact a missile. As
shown in the hearings initiated by Priore, the remains of a
Libyan MIG fighter were discovered a few weeks following the
accident. For 20 years, UFO stories successfully distracted the
public over the real cause of the accident: a military mistake.
Martians in Galicia
     In 1994, hundreds of Galicians witnessed an object flying
over Porriño, Vigo and Bueu until it impacted against the island
of Ons (Pontevedra). "It looked like a giant suppository", "an
iron   cylinder  spitting   fire  from   behind",  claimed   the
eyewitnesses. Portuguese civil aviation reports now clarify the
mistery--the object was a missile launched from Portugal which
penetrated Spanish airspace. This has not been the only
instance. On a number of occasions, Galician sailors have seen
bizarre objects in the sky and have collected the remains of
metallic artificats in their fishing nets. From the diplomatic
and political perspective, it would have been much more serious
for the press to publish that a Portuguese missile had flown
over several Spanish towns only scant miles from the Galician
shore, rather than stating that Galician fishermen are seeing
Martians.
     This has been the screen behind which the Defense Ministry
has concealed numerous military experiments in our country. That
same year, also in Galicia, a more serious incident took place.
A luminous object seen by hundreds on the morning of January
18th collided Mt. Cando (La Coruña) leaving a spectacular
creater measuring over 100 meters in diameter.
     Astrophysicists from the University of Santiago de
Compostela headed to the site in search of what they thought was
a meteorite, but when they reached the location could not find
any traces of the object that had caused the crater. Residents
of nearby towns claimed having seen policemen, members of the
Guardia Civil and soldiers in the area. Jose Antonio Tormé, the
owner of the property on which the UFO had collided, was located
and confirmed that there had indeed been soldiers and policemen
in the vicinity. And with good reason: the object had crashed
not far from the Spanish military radar facility for the
northwestern region. Santiago University astrophysicists have
suggested in the prestigious journal Nature that the object was
a secret military artifact.
     Incredible thought it may seem, this is hardly an isolated
event. On other occasions, as occured that same year in La
Coruña and previously in Seville, strange aeronautical devices
fell to earth, unleashing a UFO psychosis: the one in Seville
crossed the skies over Cádiz and Huelva before striking the
ground near El Coronil. According to eyewitnesses interviewed in
the area, U.S. soldiers from Rota quickly appeared in
helicopters and all-terrain vehicles to collect the remains of a
weather balloon, it would seem. Deputy Willy Meyer also has
recent evidence of this incident.
Psychological Warfare

     This is hardly the first time that matters relating to
airspace   violations  reach  Congress.   In  1979,   Socialist
parliamentarian Enrique Múgica asked questions pursuant to the
unidentified flying object seen in Manises (Valencia). With the
PSOE [Spain's socialist party--Ed.] in power at the time,
Popular part deputies like Gabriel Elorriagia queried the
Government three times on the matter of UFOs in the national
airspace. But a deathly silence envelops the most serious cases.
     A few months ago, the chiefs of the La Virgen del Camino
(León) air base accepted responsability for the fire that
devastated hundreds of acres in the mountains of León.
Apparently, an error in calculation had been made during the
trials of a new flying device and it crashed to the ground,
setting the wilderness on fire. These accidents, while serious,
are not as disquieting as the use made of the extraterrestrial
myth by the secret services.
     Many people confess to believing that we are being visited
by alien spacecraft. Movies and television have familiarized us
with the concept of alien visitations. In fact many cults hold
the ET mythos as central to their beliefs. These beliefs
represent excellent tools to be used by the Intelligence
establishment.
     Spain's CESID, according to Defense Ministry sources, may
have been involved in the creation of a psychosocial experiment
involving alien contact in Spain's most important case: the UMMO
affair. Hundreds of people were lead to believe, both
domestically and abroad, that an alien civilization had
infiltrated our world.
     In the U.S. and France, the secret services have conducted
similar psychological experiments since the 1960's, not only
covering   their  aeronautical   experiments   behind  the   UFO
smokescreen, but promoting the belief in extraterrestrials among
small groups in order to study their reactions. This summer,
France has unveiled the COMETA Report, prepared by a team of
scientists and military men for prime minister Jospin. The
report features accusations by the French against the U.S. for
deliberately concealing UFO information to camouflage its
developments in military technology.
                       Ex Libris
    A Random Sampling of Hispanic Ufology in Print

Historias Aeronáuticas que Nos Hicieron Creer en OVNIS
by Francisco J. Máñez. Valencia: Editorial Tetragrama,
1999. 142 pages. Paperback.

This remarkable little book, whose title translates as
"Aeronautical Stories which Led Us To Believe in UFOs" is
the perfect book for two wildly dissimilar readers: the UFO
buff and the WW II enthusiast. Author Francisco Máñez's
book indicates that the first UFO sightings were in fact
Nazi prototypes being tested by the Allied powers during
the postwar years. Rather than interplanetary, they should
be studied as part of the "secret history" of aeronautics.
At this point, howls of disapproval can surely be heard.
But Máñez poses the compelling thesis of how financial,
military and political interests fostered a belief in
flying saucers and extraterrestrials as a smoke-screen for
their projects. Nothing new here--certainly Renato Vesco
and INEXPLICATA's own Manuel Carballal have ploughed that
field before. But the author produces amazing photographs
that give us the full impact WW II Germany's breathtaking
aeronautical secrets. Being an aviation buff myself, I was
stunned by a never-seen-before photo of the colossal
Junkers Ju-390 heavy bomber: a six-propeller monster with
an endurance of 32 hours. Máñez tells us the Luftwaffe
specifically built this plane to bomb New York City, and
came within 20 kilometers of the city undetected during its
trial runs. Even more ominous is the fact that a nuclear-
capable version was on the drawing boards.
Photos of manmade saucers dot the text: Rene Crouzet's
perfect saucer-shaped vehicle; Argentina's triangular IA-
37; SNECMA's Lit-Cage Volant (a cigar-shaped contraption),
and many others. While the book is unconvincing when it
comes to tackling the issue of UFO occupants, it remains a
powerful advocate for the belief that a large share of
saucer sightings (the CE-Is) can be explained as manmade
vehicles.

Thanks to Internet book ordering services such as
<www.crisol.es> it is now possible to acquire books from
overseas with greater ease than before. If the "Nazi
Saucer" scenario thrills you, you can't go wrong with this
book.

INEXPLICATA gives Historias Aeronáuticas...    
                      Dr. Rafael A. Lara's
                          MEXICO WATCH

     [Interview with Dr. Rafael Lara in July, 1997. From the
     journals of Scott Corrales].

      The lobby of Mexico City’s Hotel Majestic – right on the
city’s main square, El Zocalo – is a visit to the 19th century’s
most baroque tastes. The hotel, housed in an 18th century
structure, rises over the ashes of some forgotten Aztec palace
as it looks directly at the city Cathedral and at the
Presidential Palace – usurpers of the prime real estate once
filled by the massive temples of ancient Tenochtitlan.
      It was among this fin-de-siecle decor that I would meet one
of Mexico’s most energetic and restless researchers of matters
cryptozoological: Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros, Director of Research
for that country’s respected Center for the Study of Paranormal
Phenomena, or CEFP, by its Spanish acronym.
      While Dr. Lara had been a long-distance colleague and the
contributing editor to my Samizdat newsletter, it was not until
1997 that we were actually able to meet face to face (something
which is becoming of increasingly dimishing importance in these
days of the Internet) and discuss the latest happenings in the
world of high strangeness.
      "You'll find," Dr. Lara explained. "That the divisions of
opinion regarding UFO and paranormal phenomena are much more
pronounced here than in the U.S., at least among the experts.
Many former researchers have even joined the ranks of skeptics
in order to achieve respectability."
      "But the public is much more receptive to the subject," I
interjected.
      "Ah, but not to the Chupacabras, which is perceived as a
smoke and mirrors technique by the government to distract
popular attention from the current economic crisis – the legacy
of the Salinas administration."
      There could be no arguing that particular point. A visit to
a small collectables store in Mexico City's fashionable Zona
Rosa (the Pink Zone) yielded a treasure trove of figurines
representing the Chupacabras, most of them depicting former
president Salinas's head grafted on to a clawed animal-like
body, holding bags of money pilfered from an already depleted
treasury. Other depictions were equally creative and far more
rude.
Psychosis was the word bandied about by the Mexican media to
describe the public’s reaction to the Goatsucker's trail of woe
across Mexico in 1996. It was refreshing to hear a member of the
medical profession not use the term so lightly. "The animal
deaths were real. My visits to the Tlalixcoyan region dispelled
any doubts we may have had.” Dr. Lara explained soberly. The
hotel lobby was now becoming filled with dozens of tourists
forming part of an excursion having little or no interest in the
paranormal. We decided to move to the hotel's inner courtyard,
where the silence was punctuated only by the songs of tropical
birds living in cages among well-kept greenery.
      "In fact, the bulk of CEFP’s research," Lara continued,
picking up the thread of our conversation. "Was hampered by the
fact that local residents thought we were government agents or
undercover operatives for the Judicial Police. They refused to
say anything at first."
     I made a comment on how researching any unorthodox subject
was hard enough without having to deal with the extraneous
factor of government-created situations. A number of massacres
in the countryside, allegedly perpetrated by officialdom against
farmers, would certainly discourage the “free exchange of ideas”
taken for granted in the United States.
     But these unfortunate situations in no way discourage the
efforts of Mexican researchers. Dr.Lara has vigorously pursued a
number of cryptozoological oddities in his country – the elusive
Bearman, the semi-legendary Onza, the Tecolutla “monster” – and
exchanged the results of his research with luminaries of the
field such as Richard Greenwell , Bernard Heuvelmans and Michel
Raynal. His greatest adversary has not been skepticism but the
carelessness of scientific establishment: priceless evidence
pertaining to the Onza was mishandled by a laboratory at the
National Autonomous University of Mexico, for example. When the
animal mutilations first began in Veracruz, the School of
Veterinary Medicine of the State University – logically, the
first official agency to have been contacted in the matter –
claimed to be “out of the loop” when it came to the strange
slayings and even asked Dr. Lara to keep them abreast of
developments.
     The public may be reticent about discussing the most recent
wave of paranormal activity, but this does not characterize
Mexican public’s response to the unknown. Willing to believe to
the extent of being credulous, the public has grown up with
legends of dreaded La Llorona (a night-wandering spirit whose
manifestations have been recorded since pre-colonial times),
ghosts, mischievous aluches and chaneques (water elementals) and
of course, the contemporary phenomenon of UFOs, which is not so
contemporary. The chronicles of Aztec emperors report a
frightening apparition Moyohualitohua, the "screamer in the
darkness", whose booming threats in the dark of night prompted
the Aztecs to sacrifice twenty four thousand victims in 1492 in
hopes of appeasing the unknown visitor. Two separate codexes
depict this saucer-shaped intruder.
     Who knows? Perhaps some early cryptozoologist whose name is
forever lost to history was hot on the tail of the Tlacantzolli
or “divided men” which were seen shortly before the arrival of
the Spanish conquistadores, or even the bizarre bird with a
mirrored head that showed Cortez's troops marching inexorably
toward Anahuac.
     The Center for the Study of Paranormal Phenomena also
spearheaded a number of research initiatives into Mexico's
enigmatic Zone of Silence in the Sonora Desert. This fabled
location, the subject of much legend, is now clearly marked on
AAA maps. CEFP members produced a vast (and sadly unpublished)
catalogue of the strange creatures found in the area, such as
the desert-dwelling tortoise, Gopherus flavomarginatus, whose
triangular markings are unknown elsewhere in the world. Samples
of other unusual insects and reptiles were collected for study,
but the paranormal bent of its members was satisfied by the
discovery of giant skeletons. Were there, in fact, giants in
those days?
     The skeletons we found at the Zone of Silence were of a
decidedly simian nature, according to Dr. Lara, probably
corresponding to the Gigantopithecus. However, ancient Mexican
lore discusses the existence of giants beings such as the
Quinametzin and the Kinawe, who apparently existed well into
human times. CEFP hopes someday to release a publication of all
its discoveries in this area.
     Research into the controversial feline known as the Onza, a
puma-sized animal allegedly native to the western Sierra Madre,
has provided Lara and CEFP with worldwide recognition. First
reported in the mid-1700 by the Jesuit missionary Ignatz
Pfefferkorn, it was not until 2 centuries later, in April 1995,
that a Sinaloa rancher shot a specimen of a hitherto unknown cat
in a nearby mountain valley. Samples of the mystery feline's
inner organs were sent to the UNAM to undergo electrophoretic
analysis, but they were apparently "misplaced".
     "So, Rafael, tell me." I began, asking the question I enjoy
asking fellow researchers. "When did you first get bitten by the
paranormal bug?"
     "It was at age 7," he replied evenly. "I was living on a
quiet street in my town of Jalapa and happened to be playing
with friends when Arturo, a Downs Syndrome child, suddenly
stopped in his tracks and began crying and holding on to us,
saying goodbye to each and every one of us and urging us to
plese come to his wake at eight o'clock that night, since he was
about to die. He went along the street inviting everyone to his
wake, and was ignored by all. Yet at 20:00 hrs. that night he
lay dead in his home. I was deeply shocked by this fact. From
that age onward I took an interest in the world that surrounds
us and in things that have no explanation."
     "Would   you  like   your   own   kids  to   become  junior
investigators?"
     "No. The very young shouldn't become involved with these
phenomena unless they are well grounded and have a firm mental,
intellectual and moral basis. It's so easy for the young to fall
prey to sects. Besides, many children consider the paranormal to
be a hobby and don't give it the importance it deserves. They're
believers today and skeptics tomorrow.
     "Who were your early influences?"
     "Well, I'd have to say Charles Fort, first and foremost.
Then I read the works of Nandor Fodor, Vallée, Richard Haines,
Scott Rogo and Berthold Schwarz, with Dr. Bernard Heuvelmans own
writings fueling my cryptozoological interests. But the Complete
Books of Charles Fort contain a crucial fact that everyone
should know: reality has well-defned borders which our brains
can neither fathom nor explain. Keel's Operation Trojan Horse
taught me that a researcher has to have equal doses of intuition
and sensitivity when approaching paranormal phenomena. Scott
Rogo's The Haunted Universe showed me the first scientific
approach of mind over matter, for instance."
     I paused to look around at the gorgeous talavera de Puebla
tilework surrounding the inner courtyard. "Given Mexico's vastly
diverging social classes, the native languages still spoken, and
other factors, it must be a challenge to do fieldwork."
     Dr. Lara shook his head. "To a certain extent. There is
diverstiy regarding the socio-cultural background of the
witnesses. We no longer deal strictly with illiterate peasants,
but with highly trained professional observers who conceal their
experiences to avoid ridicule. Abductees, for example, range
from people who truly underwent an experience to indiviudals who
are after exposure, money, or simply a forum for their views.
There are regional factors at play, of course. In some parts of
Mexico there are bizarre luminous phenomena described by the
peasantry as "witches" or "warlocks", giving rise to the magical
or shamanic interpretation of the phenomenon. We would classify
them as UFOs, of course. We get the same thing with haunted
houses. The masses believe that all apparitions are a
consequence of money or treasure being hidden on the premises,
while a researcher would think in terms of poltergeists. The
socio-cultural factor is always at play when interpreting
unknown phenomena. I'm sure its the same in the U.S."
      "Well, I'm not so sure," I laughed. "It seems that people
from all walks of life share the same obsession with Roswell."
      "Roswell is the greatest myth of modern ufology," Dr. Lara
smiled. "It's helped hundreds of people to make a little money
and    ultimately  portrays   the   military   coverup  and   its
consequences. It's the best example of a conspiracy made in the
U.S.A."
      We digressed to discuss Dr. Lara's favorite pastime--U.S.
rules football, and his enthusiasm for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
We ordered refreshments and continued the paranormal interview.
      "Definitely--all governments, even economically modest
one's like Mexico," he continued, "keep secrets, whether on
psychic research, paranormal study, ufology, etc. Not to mention
fields like genetics and molecular engineering. I've always
maintained that in the future, power will not be in the hands of
politicians or drug kingpins, but those of the genetic
engineers."
      "Genetic engineers." I mused. "You don't believe that
genetic engineering is the purpose of the alien abductions, do
you?"
      Knotting his brow, Dr. Lara paused to collect his thoughts.
"In Mexico, the abduction phenomenon can be said to be non-
existen, since prominent local ufologists are only concerned in
acquiring commercially profitable videotapes, rather than
studying the ramifications of a thorny subject like UFO.
Personally, I'm working on 16 cases involving people of all ages
and different social strata who have apparently been abducted
and experienced "missing time". I really cannot say what
happened to them, and I've reached no conclusions to this date.
Abduction research is in its infancy in this country."
      Taking a sip of strong Mexican coffee, I pursued this new
approach. "That's good to know. I was beginning to get the
impression that abductions were taking place in the English-
speaking world only! Do you think this is the case in Mexico
only, or is it a widespread problem in Latin America?"
      "The main problems that paranormal research is facing at
the end of the century are sensationalism, yellow journalism,
the thirst for profit on the part of pseudo-researcers, outright
lying, and the New Age movement. It's simply inconceivable to
try to "meld" --if that's the correct term--crystals, candles,
aromatherapy and metaphysics with UFO and paranormal research. I
think we'll witness, in the next century, a fusion of the basic
sciences--mathematics, physics, chemistry, genetics--into a new
discipline capable of explaining some of the manifestations of
so-called paranormal phenomena."
      "What about your own personal experiences? Have you ever
seen anything you couldn't explain?"
     "I've had a few," he replied. "Once, in 1974, as I was
getting ready for an analytical geometry exam in high-school at
the house of a friend--a structure reputed to be haunted. Well,
on the night of February 25th of that year, the lights started
going on and off, the doors and windows moved of their own
accord, there were gusts of cold air, footsteps, etc. Another
was in the early '90s, while researching a poltergeist in the
town of Perote, not far from Jalapa. The account appeared in the
defunct SAMIZDAT bulltin, if you remember."
     "I most certainly do. Is the field improving or
deteriorating, from your point of view?"
     "Researchers should be more honest with themselves and with
their subject. There are too many hoaxers, con-men and
profiteers who are manipulating the field and proclaiming
themselves as bearers of the truth. Paranormal research will
have to focus on human phenomena as well as the nature
surrounding it. I know it's naive, but I wish it were possible
to depend less and less on the Internet!"

                            # # # #
