{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T20:52:36Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 80024, "source_ctime_ns": 1788590302144625290, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-03.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788590302140117014, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-03.pdf", "source_sha256": "d380a71de82a8b6e55aaca1f9b41c8e4b3934f72339fae110613f4ccfa49538e"}

INEXPLICATA
                 The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
                            Issue # 3
                          Spring 1999

          A twice-yearly publication showcasing the research and
          concerns of UFO and paranormal investigators in Spain,
          the Caribbean, Central and South America.
Editor
     Scott Corrales
Assistant Editor
(all article submissions and letters)
     Juan Carlos Mallory
     P.O. Box 228
     Derrick City, PA 16727
Contributing Editors
     Manuel Carballal (Spain)
     Willie Durand Urbina (Puerto Rico)
     Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros (Mexico)
     Lucy Guzmán de Plá (Puerto Rico)
                      DEPARTMENTS AND COLUMNS

Ex Libris (book reviews) ..................................... 26
Dr. Rafael Lara's MEXICO WATCH ............................... 27
                      ARTICLES AND FEATURES

Strange Lights Over Patagonia
by Luis Pacheco ............................................... 1
UFOs in Southern Spain: A Report by the S.I.B. Betelgeuse
by Antonio Salinas ............................................ 4
Secrets of The Friendship: When Ham Operators Contact UFOs
by Josep Guijarro ............................................. 6
An Interview with Antonio Ribera
by Victor Amela .............................................. 10
UFO Videos: Hoaxes and Confusion
by Manuel Carballal .......................................... 12
Fortean Fish Falls in Galicia?
by Pilar Abeijon ............................................. 18
Roadside Encounters: UFOs, Aliens and Missing Time
by Javier García Blanco (LACIP) .............................. 20
                 Welcome to INEXPLICATA
                        Number 3
                       Spring 1999

Regardless of feeling the urge to "party like it's 1999",
INEXPLICATA steps up to the plate once more (2 for 2 so far)
with its first two issues having been well-received by the
UFO/paranormal reading public both in print and on line. Our
web page www.inexplicata.com welcomed its eighteenth hundred
visitor last month, which isn't much by most website
standards, but an amazing accomplishment for a specialty
field within a specialty discipline like ufology.

So, what does Number 3 have to offer?

We kick off this issue with Luis Pacheco's article on the
unusual phenomena seen over Patagonia last fall; Argentina
has always been a UFO hotspot and remains to this very day a
rewarding site for the serious researcher. Antonio Salinas
contribution on the S.I.B. Betelgeuse's efforts at solving a
particularly unusual multiple-UFO sighting proves that not
everything flying over our heads has a Martian licence plate.
In a similar vein, our intrepid contributing editor Manuel
Carballal defies convention once more and blows the whistle
on misleading saucer videos and outright hoaxes as well.

If the great Charles Fort were still alive and clipping (no
pun intended), Pilar Abeijón's report on the Galician fish-
fall would have certainly earned a place in his files. Javier
García Blanco's article on "Roadside Encounters" does for
driving what Spielberg's Jaws did for swimming: you won't
want to get behind the wheel!

Pride of place goes to Josep Guijarro's stunning (and
tantalizing) revelations concerning the existence of a high-
tech cult lost among the thousands of islands of southern
Chile. Is the "Friendship" an extraterrestrial outpost? A
secret society? Nazi scientists flying UFOs out of South
America? This is the only INEXPLICATA feature to end in a
cliffhanger...

Enough talking. Play ball!


Scott Corrales
Editor
INEXPLICATA
Strange Lights Over Patagonia
by Luis Pacheco

A strange white luminescence was observed on Monday, September
30th, 1998 over the entire Patagonian region. The brilliant aura
of light which remained visible in the sky for over twenty minutes
gave witnesses enough time to take photos, but none of them
managed to photograph the strange phenomenon they'd witnessed.

In San Martín and Junín de los Andes, a perfectly circular,
luminous   form  slowly   traversed the night skies, causing
bewilderment among the population.

The sighting occurred at approximately 21:00 hours. The sky was
completely clear and lit with the characteristic luminosity
provided by the waxing moon.

A luminous circle suddenly appeared from the south; its size was
estimated at 8 to 10 times larger than the full moon. At first
sight, the circumference had the appearance of being gaseous and
slightly opaque; its edges appeared brighter than its center,
through which starlight could be perceived as it crossed the sky.
The object travelled at low speed and its trajectory did not
coincide with that of the wind that was blowing from the southeast
toward the northeast at that time of night.

The phenomenon's inclination with regard to the mountainous
horizon of this southern region was of some 45 degrees, and after
the first ten minutes of movement at an even speed, the brilliance
of the edges of the object dimmed until it barely became visible
40 minutes after the initial sighting.

The phenomenon was seen best by residents of the suburbs of San
Martín de los Andes due to the absence of electric lighting.

The fact that the direction of its travel did not coincide with
that of the prevailing winds helps to discard any suggestions of a
mass of clouds. "It wasn't smoke, because it would have dissolved
immediately. This thing appeared to have its own [kind] of density
and a hole in its middle through which the stars could be seen as
it went over us," indicated a resident of the Los Radales
neighborhood, who witnessed these effects during the first 10
minutes of the sighting.

In Junín de los Andes, news of the sighting was transmitted by
local radio station FM Quasar, and eyewitness accounts were
broadcast shortly after. "I saw it for some ten minutes over Cerro
de La Cruz, and it drew my attention, because had it been a cloud,
it would have changed shape and not remained perfectly circular,"
stated a teacher who witnessed the event from the vicinity of
Parque Industrial.
Ana Hall was not only among the many residents of San Martín and
Junín de los Andes who followed the event, but she also took hold
of her photo camera and took repeated snapshots of the phenomenon
in the hopes of capturing the event on film. But no image could be
seen after the film was developed.

The same brilliant white image passed over the rural region of
Villa Regina and Roca that night. It was later possible to
determine that the ring was formed by two circles: a larger outer
one and a smaller inner one which gave off white light and was
perfectly silent.

The object was seen here at around 21:35 hours and lazily flew
over the area for 20 minutes until it rose into the night sky and
vanished altogether. Numerous witnesses in the rural area of
Regina, Chinchinales and Valle Azul indicated having seen the
phenomenon. One woman stated that the object was originally flying
at a low altitude and disappeared from sight upon gaining
altitude. According to Carla Pérez: "it was around 21:35 when I
saw it over the river. It seemed to fly at a very low altitude,
because when I looked at the object, it could see it halfway over
the tree line. It later rose into the sky and vanished."

Seen By Students Leaving School
SAN ANTONIO OESTE. On Monday night, shortly before 22:00 hours,
students majoring in Fishing Production were returning home after
late classes at the Instituto de Biologia Marina y Pesquera
Almirante Storni were startled to see a luminous circle that
appeared over the Municipal Museum and vanished over the research
center's building.

One student described the phenomenon stating that "the circle
moved slowly; it was transparent at its center and white at the
edges. When it flew directly over us it stopped and then
vanished." The group of witnesses, consisting of ten students and
an instructor, were unable to confirm the nature of the
phenomenon. The object had already disappeared from view by the
time members of the Instituto appeared with photographic
equipment.

This case has many points of contact with another two famous cases
in Argentinean ufology, one of them which has been christened "The
Night of the Twin Moons" and which occurred on June 14, 1980. This
case created (and still creates) a considerable controversy among
researchers, some of whom argued that the object appeared to move
intelligently and followed a trajectory that brought it close to a
number of military airfields, and those who believed that the
object was merely an upper atmosphere experiment conducted by
NASA.

The present case has many of the same characteristics as the
earlier one, particularly in its "clouded" appearance. An
additional detail can be found in the fact that the witnesses
agree that it moved contrary to the prevailing wind, which would
be the case if we were dealing with a luminous phenomenon in the
upper atmosphere.

In my opinion, a very important detail to keep in mind, is the
testimony of two people on America TV who observed the phenomenon
as it passed over Santa Rosa, with the apparent loss of power to
the engine of one witnesses' car. While it is clearly possible
that both events have no connection, the phenomenon of the
"sudden" stoppage of machinery or automobiles in the presence of
UFOs is a very common pattern of behavior within the phenomenon.
UFOs in Southern Spain: A Report by the S.I.B. Betelgeuse Group
by Antonio Salinas

On December 15, 1998, we were made aware of the fact that the
Canal Sur TV station's Andalucía Directo program had aired the
news that a rather spectacular UFO sighting had just occurred in
the vicinity of El Morche (a small coastal community located some
55 kilometers from Málaga and one kilometer from Torrox).

Without any further information beyond the name of the town, a
team of the Sociedad de Investigaciones Biofísicas (S.I.B.)
composed of José Antonio Martín and Antonio Salinas visited the
location in question. Between 10:00 hrs. and 23:30 hrs. of
December 16th we devoted ourselves to gathering as much data and
eyewitness information as possible.

We began by collecting the various news items appearing in the
local press. The DIARIO newspaper posted the first news item on
12/15 with the headline: "Residents of El Morche State Having Seen
UFO Fly Over Coast." One of the first things we became aware of
had to do with the fact that there wasn't only one UFO sighting.
Since December 13 at 01:40 hrs until December 14th, there were
many objects observed, and we interviewed numerous witnesses
(including members of law enforcement).

The nights of the days in question (12/13-14) were dark and
moonless. It would appear that what always attracted the witnesses
attention was the buzzing sound of a powerful but distant engine.
Locals are used to the noise made by jet fighters since they live
in a military air corridor. However, they insisted that the sound
in question was not similar to said aircraft: it was lower (I
suggested the droning sound made by bombers in movies and they
told me that it was more or less similar).

What the following witnesses observed was the transit--on three
separate occasions--of a formation of multicolored lights (red,
white and stroboscopic lights). This curious formation passed over
El Morche (sighing made at 02:15 hrs. on 12/13) and according to
the description made by Lurdes (surname omitted, age 25) follows:
three strobe lights followed by fixed red lights on either side,
the one fixed white light and a fixed red light.
The formation of lights flew very slowly overhead. Witnesses claim
that the sighting lasted over 10 minutes, and the lights moved in
unison, as if forming part of a single structure. However, stars
could be seen through the hypothetical structure, as if it were
invisible. Altitude is open to debate. While some witnesses state
that the lights were flying at low altitude, others insist their
altitude was in fact quite high. On the other hand, while the
lights were visible, it was impossible to see any solid body
holding them together due to the darkness of the night. The
formations passed over El Morche at the following times:
     01:40 hours
     02:15 hours
     03:40 hours
Their general heading was toward the NE. With the aid of one of
the witnesses we were able to determine a more precise flight
trajectory: vector 060. The objects appeared to have come from the
sea, exactly from the SW (heading 280 degrees).

Miguel Armijo, a filling station worker who was celebrating at a
bachelor party in farm close to Frigiliana, witnessed another
formation toward 02:30 hours. The final grouping of red lights
appeared to be slower than the forward group, as if flying more
slowly. We believe that this could be the group of lights seen
toward 02:15 over EL Morche. The changes in velocity are evidence
that there were changes in the formation.

Gregorio Cabello Algan of the Torrox Guardia Civil witnessed a
formation of fixed red lights at 01:45 hours. Over the initial red
lights there was another set of white lights superimposed over the
formation. Rafael González Mora of the Torrox police noticed a
formation consisting entirely of white strobe lights followed by a
"V"-shaped formation of red lights at 04:00 hours on December
14th. According to officer González, another similar formation
appeared two minutes later. Speed was normal, according to the
officer, and their course and altitude made him realize these were
aircraft from the base at Rota. According to González, if they
were coming from somewhere farther away they would have been
flying higher. The formation's vector remained 060.

At midday, while we had lunch, we noticed that the sky had the
characteristic contrails produced by military aircraft. These
white streaks followed a northeasterly heading (060-070 approx.),
following practically the same trajectory as the other formations
described.

All of this indicated the presence of military formations crossing
Spanish skies, probably heavy bombers escorted by fighter jets.
Likewise, the route followed by these objects and their origin
seemed to indicate that they came from Rota more than from the air
facility at Morán.

The above appears to be confirmed, in part, by statements issued
by the Asociación Astronómica Malagueña, which also saw the
formations while teaching a course on astronomy in the mountains
of Málaga. According to this organization (we do not know if they
saw the formation through their telescopes), the objects observed
were merely airplanes.

Regardless of the fact that the phenomenon had been explained with
a certainty of almost 99%, a number of comments made in the
community led us to tread cautiously and not get ahead of
ourselves. It was better to wait a while before making any kind of
statement. We spent the entire afternoon tracking down the source
of a rumor that claimed that the formation of lights had stopped
at low altitude over the roof of an industrial warehouse. We
combed the area, asking questions about the event, but we were
unable to find the presumptive witness, which lead us to give up
on the "phantom account".

Around 23:30 hours, while we conducted an improvised UFO alert in
the event that the formation should pass by once again, we were
alerted by a radio station that Baghdad was being bombed. This was
later confirmed by numerous broadcasts.

It is by now evident that what was seen on the evenings in
question were nothing more than bombers and fighters on their way
to the Persian Gulf. S.I.B. is currently seeking confirmation from
the Ministry of Defense concerning this point. In spite of the
first official declarations, it is now being said that no air
bases on Spanish soil were employed as a launching pad or
refueling stop for the attack. The statements made by civilian and
official witnesses alike appear to indicate that the Rota Air Base
could have been used as a take-off point.


Josep Guijarro is another outstanding member of Spain's "third
generation" of UFO researchers and has the distinction of being
one of the few investigators to have witnessed one of the so-
called Grey aliens during the course of researching an abduction
case. Today, Josep is the senior writer for KARMA-7 magazine,
his country's longest-running paranormal publication.

Secrets of the Friendship: When Ham Operators Contact UFOs
by Josep Guijarro

     Since 1984, a group of ham radio operators has claimed to be
in contact with a strange congregation known as "the Friendship"--
composed of beings of a Nordic aspect and having strange accents
who have considerable technical knowledge and have also predicted
important scientific, political and social events, aside from
forecasting   UFO    sightings.   Could   "the    Friendship"   be
extraterrestrial in nature? Many believe that this is the case and
that their bases are scattered around the world at seven different
locations.

     It   rained   intensely   throughout   the   afternoon--an   entirely
normal event in that small coastal settlement in southern Chile.
For many hours now, the dominant colors in Puerto Montt were
shades of gray. Everything seemed enshrouded by a dense fog: the
humble wooden homes, the fishermen's wharf, the pier. The scent of
wet earth, the mud of the streets and the dampness of my clothes,
above all else, brought me back to reality. Standing in front of
the bus terminal I saw the last vehicle to board the ferry that
crossed the Chacao Channel, the one slated to take me to Chile's
southernmost point and to the gates of a mysterious island that
does not appear on sea charts and which according to rumor, houses
an alien base. The exciting adventure had to wait still one more
day, although my research had started long before in Santiago, the
Chilean capital.

The Origin--A UFO Incident

      Santiago is the home of Octavio Ortiz--married, father of
three daughters and a business agent who matches his professional
and family life with his devotion to radio. He owns a 27 megacycle
CB base station with which he shares comradeship with other ham
operators. His handle is Lucero ("bright star").
      In mid-1984, while manning his station, Octavio would receive
a distress call from the Mitilus II, a ship working for the
Department of Oceanography of the University of Chile, and which
was apparently cruising in the vicinity of the Mitagüe lighthouse
in the southern reaches of the country. Alberto, the ship's
master, was anxious to reach Iquique because he was in the thrall
of a mysterious light that inflicted damage to the ship's
electronic gear. The strange object began to descend and hovered
over the ship. It must have radiated a great deal of energy,
because some of the sailors began to experience considerable hair
loss.
      But the strangeness was not circumscribed to the above.
Hector, captain of the Black Web, which sailed in the vicinity of
Mitiagüe Light and witnessed the UFO incident in astonishment,
also noticed that an incredibly powerful radio station broke into
the communications underway. The VU meter's needles jumped past
the +30 mark and a tense silence followed. the object disappeared
soon after.
      Octavio could not believe what he was hearing, and being
willing to serve as a "bridge" to eventual communications with
Iquique,    he  took   the  microphone   decisively  and   rendered
assistance. "That was how I met the mysterious Alberto," he
reminisced, sitting in a rocking chair in his home. "We struck up
a good friendship and less than a year later, he told us that some
gringos who'd hired him had taken him to an island and outfitted
his ship with strange equipment."
      Alberto had acquired his vessel through a loan from CORFO
(Chile's development corporation) and like may others, he was
unable to withstand the jump in interest rates during the economic
crunch of the '80s. Mired in terrible debts, he ran south and
became a pirate. There he met Ernesto de la Fuente, a sound
engineer taken by the winds of fate to the small town of Quemchi
and who had just recently met some strange gringos who claimed to
belong to a shadowy congregation dubbed the Friendship. De la
Fuente recommended Alberto's services to these curious characters,
who needed supplies brought in, and in return, they would
liquidate his debts and would also rearrange his life.


The Mystery of the Friendship

     The gringos looked nothing like Americans: they were
handsome, tall beings with blond hair and dressed in curious
outfits. Who were they, indeed?
     They professed ignorance about the most elementary items of
our society, but were gifted with a remarkable knowledge of
physics, biology and mathematics. Their speeches were swathed in
spiritualism and they concealed their identities by taking the
names of angels as their own. The Friendship claimed to have its
headquarters on a base lost amid the Chonos and Guaytecas
Archipelago, consisting of over 3,800 islands, and also claimed to
possess highly advanced technology in the fields of medicine and
astronautics.

UFO Sightings By Appointment
     Over the course of a year, Alberto and Octavio would have
frequent discussions about life in the disquieting island and its
mysterious occupants over their ham radios. A while went by
without the skipper of the Milius II taking to the air, but when
he reappeared, he introduced Octavio and his family to Ariel, one
of the island's quizzical occupants, who clearly possessed an
amazing grasp of medicine, architecture and communications.
"Whenever this happens," Octavio explains, seated in front of his
base station, "the needle indicates the maximum--a tremendously
powerful broadcaster." Curiosity over the true identities of those
who conceal themselves under the guise of "angels of the Lord"
disrupts the Ortiz family's life: the radio remains on at all
hours and Cristina, Octavio's wife--a shrewd and restless woman--
makes an effort at getting to the bottom of the greatest question:
the origins of their interlocutors.
     "We are not of this world," they reply, "but we are part of
Humankind."
     It isn't until August 17, 1985 that the Ortiz family realizes
that they are truly facing the extraordinary.
     Around 2:30 p.m., Cristina, who was glued to the radio along
with her daughter Claudia, heard a call from the Friendship,
saying: "Come out! Come out!" Cristina went out to the patio of
their farm in La Florida and looked heavenward. In a matter of
minutes, she was able to make out a shining object suspended in
the sky. Excitedly, she made contact with Ariel and suggested
certain movements which were obediently carried out by the shining
object.
Was the Friendship controlling that flying saucer? That is what
can be deduced by reading the transcript of the communications.
     Thousands of citizens were made aware of the object's
presence. A crew from Televisión Nacional (TVN) even managed to
capture it on film. Elsa Marina, an eyewitness, stated that she
"felt like weeping and felt insignificant in the face of what was
taking place in the sky over her home..."
     Gustavo Rodríguez, who subsequently became assistant director
of the air traffic department of the Dirección de Aeronáutica
[Chile's equivalent of the FAA---Ed.] was at the home of one of
his siblings celebrating a nephew's birthday when he witnessed the
event: "It was a light having the apparent size of an orange and
which gave the impression of spinning on its axis. It was hanging
in space and exhibited little or no movement."
     In the measure that the sun went down, Rodríguez noticed the
presence of a darker sphere. The second object was opaque and
appeared to follow the same trajectory as the first, heading
toward the mountains. In fact, the phenomenon was witnessed in
Argentina, as shown by newspaper clippings of the time. Were those
objects UFO's?
     Agents of the Weather Bureau, who confessed having seen the
mystery object, noted that no rational explanation could be
ascribed to the phenomenon--at least not from the perspective of
their profession. Astronomers at the Cerro Calán observatory--
Carlos Torres, Guillermo Carrasco and Herbert Wroblewsky--managed
to photograph the object through their telescope and discarded the
possibility that it might have been a weather balloon. "First of
all, it had an entirely different configuration," recalls
astronomer Torres. "Nor could it have been an artificial
satellite, because it would have had to have been massive in size
to resemble what was seen."
     All three astronomers agreed on the fact that the object was
surrounded by a shining "ring" and some sort of antenna!
     Renowned ufologist Jorge E. Anfruns made note of a highly
important detail: "Some of the ham operators were phoning the
newspapers to report interference with their sophisticated
equipment." The Friendship at work?
     It was imperative to find out if a CB broadcast could cover
the more than three thousand kilometers which separate the
archipelago from Santiago. In the opinion of analyst and DX'er
Gabriel Osses Valdés, "with a properly calibrated antenna, meaning
one that is on the frequency one intends to use, it is possible to
have a small setup and communicate properly across long
distances," adding that "long distance communication is much more
feasible from the small islands of the south than from anywhere
else, since the ocean acts as a reflector for the waves and
there's nothing to get in their way."
     Cristina and Octavio, however, believe that Ariel was aboard
that object. "If not, how could they have seen the airplanes
approaching the object? How could they remotely guide that object
at a distance of thousands of miles?"

The Official Investigation Begins

     The excitement caused by the sighting was such that on the
following day, Aeronáutica's director, Sergio Piñeiro, ordered
Rodríguez to begin an investigation.
     As the official report (to which I had access) indicates, at
15:40 LMT, radar picked up an unidentified object located 20
nautical miles to the west of the El Tabón beacon and moving
slowly toward the west. "The radar return," explains Rodríguez,
"is fair to poor, and only the raw primary signal can be seen." At
16:00 LMT, a number of flights make contact with the object. On
the one hand, a Boeing 727 coming in from the north, and on the
other, Ladeco Flight 061 and the CC-LHL flying between Limache to
Tobalaba. According to eyewitness accounts, the UFOs were at a
considerable altitude and were moving very slowly in an eastward
direction, remaining visible until 19:30 hours. Might they have
been balloons?
     Despite the fact that some newspapers latched on to the
weather balloon explanation, such a device is unable to remain
static in the same location for five hours. The report of the
Dirección General de Aeronáutica Civil, on the other hand,
concluded that: "the manifestations of that day, until the closing
of this investigation, remain an enigma and go on to enlarge the
file on unexplained phenomena."
     To dispel any doubts, a few days later, Melbourne,
Australia's chief meteorologist, Dr. J.W. Zillman, issued a press
release regarding the possibility that the objects belonged to his
country. "They do not form part of any project of the Australian
weather bureau...the endurance of these balloons is not sufficient
to allow them to fly as far as Chile."
     "At the time," explains Anfruns, "the U.S. Navy was holding
exercises off Valparaiso," making reference to the UNITAS
maneuvers conducted with allied countries in the Pacific Ocean.
"If we monitor airspace with over seven thousand satellites, why
can't extraterrestrials monitor our war games?"
     The fact of the matter is that at the time that this
extraordinary event took place, a number of sightings occurred
throughout the length of the country. But what was their
connection to the mysterious island? And if so, what were they up
to?
     It would seem that the object, in fact, had come up out of
the south. This is confirmed by the photograph acquired by Jorge
E. Anfruns from a man who was travelling in the interior aboard a
rural bus: he pointed his camera out the window in the vicinity of
San Fernando, a town located 140 km. south of Santiago.
     According to the trigonometry study which took into
consideration the distance and size of telephone poles and
automobiles, the UFO was located barely 370 meters over the
surface.

A One-Way Ticket

     What did the Friendship want to prove with this show of
force? According to veteran researcher Hugo Pacheco, the
Friendship carefully selects its contacts and after a trial
period, invites them to their mysterious island and readies them
to travel to another planet.
     Pacheco, 73, remains youthful. He is a public administrator,
an engineer and glider pilot. One of the pioneer ufologists in his
country, his beliefs leaned more toward radical scientism than the
current mystical trend. On Saturdays, he holds a small group of
people at his home to read and discuss biblical texts from a
ufological perspective. According to the rumors that reached me,
Pacheco's meetings welcomed an individual who chose members of the
group to visit the mysterious island. Meeting this person was
imperative...
     (To be continued in a future issue of INEXPLICATA)


Antonio Ribera is the dean of Spain's UFO community and
undoubtedly one of its most prolific authors. In September 1998,
"La Vanguardia" newspaper interviewed this ufological giant. To
those who do not know him, Ribera says: "I'm 78 years old. I was
born in Barcelona and live in Sant Feliu de Codines. I am a
writer and researcher of the unknown. A Capricorn. I have three
children from my first marriage. I live with Trini, my present
mate, and two dogs lacking pedigrees ("Bruno" and "Chispa") on a
pension of 54,000 pesetas (US$380). Since 1961 I've published 21
books on the UFO phenomenon, that latest of which is entitled
Abducción."(Ediciones del Bronce).

An Interview with Antonio Ribera: "If You're Ever Abducted, You'll
Never Know It"
by Victor Amela

Q: Is there indeed intelligent life out there, Mr. Ribera?
AR: Yes. There are beings with an intelligence greater and lesser
than our own, which is about average.
Q: How do you know this?
AR: It's my hypothesis. There are no exceptions in the universe.
Life and intelligent life are universal phenomena coexisting on
various levels of evolution.
Q: And do UFOs constitute the proof of this?
AR: UFOs are super-machines, possibly powered by electromagnetism
and having an interplanetary origin.
Q: You must admit that it's hard to believe...
AR: It's my conviction, and I said as much in 1979 before the
British House of Lords, at Lord Clancarty's invitation.
Q: And how did the Lords react to that?
AR: One of them stood up and asked me: "And why don't these ships
burn up upon entering the Earth's atmosphere, Mr. Ribera?" I
replied: "Because they're not made by NASA, milord."
Q: Couldn't they be Pentagon prototypes?
AR: Not a chance. It's a technology far superior to our own.
Governments conceal the fact.
Q: While science rejects it...
AR: Many scientists behave today much as Laplace did in the 18th
century, when he told his son: "Do not pursue astronomy, since
everything in that field is already known."
Q: Is it necessary to study ufology?
AR: The UFO phenomenon is the greatest enigma--the greatest
challenge to our science.
Q: And you have been in this field since when?
AR: In 1930, at the age of ten, I saw a film that impressed me
greatly, The Woman in the Moon by Fritz Lang. I then became
fascinated by anything unusual and curious.
Q: It wasn't a youthful obsession, I see...
AR: More than an obsession, it is a malady that has lasted my
whole life.
Q: Could you teach a thing or two to Fox Mulder of TV's X-Files?
AR: It's a proper series. It's evident that Chris Carter has good
information and good advisors.
Q: How many UFOs have you seen?
AR: I've seen them on eight occasions.
Q: Maybe they were airplanes...
AR:...or meteorites, satellites, thermal inversions, flocks of
birds, weather balloons. Say no more. Ninety-five per cent of all
sightings are in fact that, but the remaining five per cent is
utterly inexplicable, like what I saw.
Q: Since when have they been visiting us?
AR: UFOs are depicted in the caves of Altamira, La Pasiega and
Puente Viesgo.
Q: If that's the case, then why haven't they chosen to contact us?
AR: They do, but they don't turn up with a bunch of roses for the
president's wife.
Q: Then how do they do it?
AR: Through abductions. An abduction is the transient kidnapping
of a human by alleged aliens. Abductees subsequently recall
nothing at all.
Q: Maybe I've been abducted?
AR: If you have any amnesic lapses in your life, a few hours of
missing time, it could be due to an abduction episode. Regressive
hypnosis could determine if this is indeed the case.
Q: Have you been abducted?
AR: I would have liked to have been. But I'm too old and sick now,
and they want healthy young people. Shame. I'm an action man. A
strange combination indeed--a man of letters and of action at the
same time.
Q: Give us an example.
AR: Together with Eduardo Admetlla, we were the first to dive in
Spain using the regulators Cousteau had invented, in the early
1950's. In the winter, we went diving in woolen jerseys! I wrote
the world's first underwater travel guide in 1956: Guía submarina
de la Costa Brava with a foreword by Josep Pla.
Q: So, from the depths of the sea to the depths of space, right?
AR:   Yes.   In   1958,  I   founded   the   Centro   de   Estudios
Interplanetarios along with Márius Lleget, Antoni Pelegri and
Eduardo Buelta. We were interested in the UFO enigma.
Q: When did you publish your first UFO book?
AR: In 1961. It was entitled Objetos desconocidos en el cielo. The
publisher, Ignacio Agustí (of "La saga de los Rius" fame) kept in
a drawer for over a year. He was afraid to print it for fear of
ridicule! In the end he took a chance and it was a big hit.
Q: A subject that draws the attention of millions of people, if
only casually.
AR: That has been the case since 1947, with the first massive
"flying saucer" wave--which is how aviator Kenneth Arnold
described them--in the United States. It's funny. Pliny the Elder
described them in much the same way two thousand years earlier.
Q: How's that?
AR: As clipei ardentes. In the second book of his Natural History
he compares unknown flying objects to clipei, the small round
shields used by Roman soldiers. You see? They were and are among
us.
Q: Agreed. Well, advise me on what I should do if I run into a
UFO...
AR: Don't lose your calm. Continue your path without making any
attempts, and see what happens.
Q: What if I get abducted?
AR: You won't recall. Maybe they'll stick a chip in you. You'll
only be left with an unconscious trauma similar to that of rape...


It should perhaps be pointed out that articles such as the
following one and "The Prostitution of Paranormal Journalism"
(INEXPLICATA #2, Winter 1998) have led to Manuel Carballal being
banned as a contributor to Spain's Año Cero, Karma-7 and Enigmas
magazines. INEXPLICATA deplores this situation and urges these
publications to reconsider the ban.


UFO Videos: Hoaxes and Confusion
by Manuel Carballal

     It is too often that ufologists wield videotapes of
unidentified flying objects as if these recordings constituted
irrefutable evidence of the phenomenon. Undoubtedly, videos
provide elements of judgement having considerable weight when it
comes time to rule on a given UFO event. However, it is much too
often that the rush to reveal the information on a given event
leads UFO journalists (rather than ufologists) to make hurried
determinations on the nature of a given UFO video to justify a
sensationalist banner headline.
     A choice example of this sensational manipulation of UFO
footage, commercially released without any prior analysis, can be
seen in the television programs of Mexican journalist Jaime
Maussán. There can be no doubt that his efforts have contributed
to the popularization of the UFO phenomenon among the Mexican
masses as never before. However, we have reasons to suspect that a
high percentage of the videos included in his series Los
Vigilantes ("The Watchers") are recordings of conventional objects
and even hoaxes.
     When Maussán undertook the indiscriminate broadcasting of UFO
videos on Mexican television in the early Nineties, we were able
to witness an interesting interaction effect with the phenomenon.
In other words, the number of UFO films obtained in Mexico was
directly proportional to the number of UFO programs Maussán
presented on Galavisión, which in turn led Maussán to have video
material to undertake new programs and so forth. We can safely say
hundreds of them. Over the past years, Jaime Maussán has broadcast
an astounding number of UFO videos over his television programs.
We will not pass judgement on the notable specials he has devoted
to Area 51, sightings made by astronauts, the Meier Case, etc.--
subjects worthy of individual treatment, and even though one may
dissent from the statements made by some of them, or question the
overall reliability of said subjects, we can nonetheless thank
Maussán for gaining access to history-making information and
eyewitness testimony, which are highly interesting as such. But
this does not keep some of these videos from being not only
misidentifications of conventional objects, but even outright
fakes.
     New York based researcher Manuel Fernández decided to test
the credibility of the videos issued by Maussán by anonymously
submitting to his attention a fraudulent video. To do this, he
merely took an ordinary toy balloon, covered reflective silver
paper, and filmed it at a given distance without the excessive
zooming-in that would reveal the thread dangling from the "UFO's"
underside. He also made the camera go deliberately out of focus
and made sudden moves to feign nervousness. He later copied the
video onto a second tape in order to conceal the moment at which
an accomplice released the balloon and its telltale rising motion.
He then mailed the video to Maussán.
     A few weeks later, he was treated to the sight of his phony
video included among many other recordings of alleged UFOs on the
Mexican TV show. Any amateur researcher with the slightest bit of
interest and a computer could have enhanced he image and
discovered that it nothing more than a cute toy balloon.
     In my opinion, the problem does not lie in the fact that
Maussán broadcast hundreds of UFO videos without any prior
analysis. There is nothing unlawful about this, and he has indeed
given researchers a vast amount of "ufological raw material" for
subsequent study by experts. There can be no doubt that had it not
been for Maussán and his show Los Vigilantes, we would have never
learned of some highly interesting cases which took place in
Mexico during this decade. However, it is also true that the alien
psychosis which gripped the town of Jojutla (Morelos) on October
31st of last year, when radio station XERT repeated Orson Welles'
legendary experiment and broadcasted the story of an alien
invasion based on H.G. Wells' The War of the Worlds, would not
have been stoked. I am convinced the Jaime Maussán's UFO videos
have sensitized the Mexican people to more readily accept news of
an alien invasion as something credible. I think this is an
excellent matter to reflect upon.
     The journalistic treatment of UFO videos is not limited to
Mexico, of course. It would be absurd to ask the news media to
refrain from making commercial use of something that is as
attractive to the public as "alien spaceships captured on video",
since whether explicitly or implicitly, these images are merely
films of objects --usually lights--that are unknown to the
observer and seen at a given moment.
     Between 1996 and 1997, for example, over a dozen of UFO
videos were taken in Galicia alone during its famous "wave". Over
a dozen that have found their way to our files, of course. There
are many more out there, undoubtedly. However, never before in the
history of Galician ufology had such a quantity of UFO images been
obtained in such a short time span. Without any doubt, in Galicia,
as well as in Mexico, the constant presence of news, programs and
reports on the wave, broadcast on all local, regional and national
networks, caused amateur cameramen to head for the hills each
night, armed with their cameras, in search of the yearned-for
piece of the UFO puzzle to be immortalized on video. Again, this
is not necessarily evil. However, it is no less true than most of
these    recordings  were  "suspect".   Without  any   doubt,  the
expectation created in the broadcast media itself--as occurred in
Mexico--favored an excessive flexibility of judgement when it came
to accepting alleged UFO images, and I even daresay that some of
these films were knowingly falsified by TV professionals, swept
away by the journalistic demand for this type of "news".
      I will offer an example: Without a doubt, second only to the
video recordings made by Mr. Bartolomé Vázquez in As Pontes (La
Coruña), which have been seen worldwide, the most famous UFO
images captured during the "Galician Wave" were the ones taken by
Televisión Local Terra de Lemos in Monforte (Lugo). There are two
recordings, taken on separate days, by this station's cameras. The
first images were obtained when some residents of the village
phoned the TV station, interrupting a live program, to report on
the presence of an unknown luminous object in the sky. A cameraman
reported immediately to the scene, securing images of the UFO
which were remote but no less interesting. The images were
transmitted immediately on the local news and were later
rebroadcast nationwide on the program Esta Noche Cruzamos el
Mississippi on the Tele-5 network. A few days later, and in the
wake of the expectations created throughout the community by the
visit of the "unidentifieds", a new film emerged. This time it was
not one single phone call but hundreds that received in the
newsroom of Televisión Local de Monforte to interrupt a news
magazine discussing the UFO presence. As network director Da.
Pilar Varela told us, the switchboard collapsed due to the dozens
of incoming phone calls from residents allegedly seeing strange
lights.
      Once more, a cameraman whose name I shall omit, took to the
streets with the intention of recording the object in question. He
returned to the network a few hours later with the tape, which was
broadcast immediately. This time, TV screens presented a much
larger object (apparently) of a bluish hue, spherical in shape but
with two very clear notches inside it. That image was also
broadcast by Pepe Navarro, who availed himself of extremely
generous adjectives to qualify it: a spectacular image! a very
large spacecraft! look, look at the large unknown object that flew
over Monforte!..
      Shortly before and shortly afterwards, nearly identical
images were obtained in Canarias, Zaragoza, Cáceres, etc. The
majority of them featured a similar object, at least at certain
points of the recording. However, the first manipulation lies in
the choice of images, since none of the networks presented the
recordings in their entirety--only those seconds in which the
object can be seen occupying the greatest amount of space on-
screen. As occurs only too often, size is mistaken with quality.
     If Tele-5 or any other station would have presented these
videos in their entirety (wishful thinking, given the limited
amount of TV time), TV watchers would have noticed a series of
erratic camera movements on the screen until the object is focused
upon against all odds, given its small size, similar to that of a
first magnitude star. Next, a series of close-ups and pull-backs
made with the zoom lens become evident until finally focusing upon
the object. These constant adjustments alter the object's
appearance, causing it to increase in size due the image's
deformation. This is what occurred in the second video taken at
Monforte. The object taped is a diminutive spot of light that
grows to massive proportions [...] producing another phenomenon
that is customary in these video misadjustments: the appearance of
tell-tale notches on both sides of the image, produced by an
optical effect within the camera lens.
     What I would like to convey here is that such a recording
would be absolutely permissible had it been made by an amateur
videographer. In such a case--at least according to my perception-
-it would entail no more than a recording error produced by the
nervousness of the occasion. Hundreds of excited citizen had taken
to the streets of Monforte, gesturing nervously at the sky, and
the cameraman, who can barely recognize that luminous point in the
heavens, manipulates the zoom by gaining and losing magnification
[...].
     But this was not the case. The author of the second video was
a professional cameraman. The two of us know that on that evening,
an object (perhaps Venus, perhaps a bona fide UFO), unleashed
hysteria in Monforte. He took to the streets because his mission,
as a professional TV journalist, was to capture the image of a UFO
on tape, and he did so. However, at no time did he state that the
alluring form which flooded TV screens nationwide was in fact a
recognized optical phenomenon that bore no relation whatsoever to
the real aspect of the object sighted over Monforte. To my
understanding, this nuance alone qualifies the video as a hoax,
inasmuch as it's a conscious manipulation of an image.
     Some of these films, which are more than questionable, have
already earned their place in recent ufological history and have
been subjected to "comparative studies" with other similar films
(equally manipulated, in my opinion); repeatedly used to
illustrate articles, news items and reports. Images which I feel
have been given a sensationalist, abusive treatment, such as Pepe
Navarro's description of the object videotaped over Monforte de
Lemos as a "very large spaceship".
     Here's an example: the cover of issue number 7 (year II) of
ENIGMAS   magazine   portrayed,  under   the   customary   buzzword
"worldwide exclusive", a single frame of a video taken in Trujillo
(Cáceres). The headline Gran OVNI filmado en Cáceres (Massive UFO
filmed in Cáceres) was followed by the image of a bluish, circular
object which drew the attention of all consumers from newsstands
throughout Spain. The recording had been obtained on May 6th and
had even been requested by functionaries of the Ministry of
Defense due to its spectacular nature.
     A few weeks after the story appeared, those in charge of the
"Enigmas de actualidad" (Current Enigmas) column kindly furnished
me an uncut copy of the video in question in order to subject it
to analysis. The loaned tape was returned to the magazine a few
days later to the ENIGMAS journalists along with my conclusions on
the subject.
     According to the tests conducted, the Trujillo film presented
all of the characteristics of an astronomical object--possibly
Venus--showing the all the signs of lack of focus, a tendency
toward bluing, and the deformation of the image (including the
aforementioned notch on the image's right side), which can be
obtained by filming the planet Venus under conditions similar to
the ones described by the witnesses. What I could see at first
glance was a point of white light in the sky transformed by random
manipulation of the zoom controls, into a "large blue object"
showing apparent movement.
     I won't categorize the descriptions given to the Trujillo
object: "Giant UFO", "saucer-shaped', etc., with which I was in
utter disagreement. I can well understand that a journalist's role
is to offer a commercially attractive package. Ultimately, and
sheltering those responsible for the news under their presumptions
of innocence, neither I nor any other researcher had provided them
with an image identical to the one shown on the video, obtained
while filming the planet Venus under conditions similar to those
experienced by the witnesses.
     However, even after having provided my analysis of the video
(absolutely free of charge, needless to say), not only was the
evidence against the nature of the Trujillo UFO ignored--the image
in question was repeatedly presented in successive magazine
issues, portraying the Trujillo object as though it were a genuine
UFO video (for example, see ENIGMAS #7, year III, pg.12). An
opinion which I do not share, for obvious reasons.
     I believe that the case of the Trujillo video also
constitutes a fine example of the journalistic use of UFO films,
and a new invitation to reflect upon the way in which information
that goes against a good headline can be slanted in UFO
journalism. Like someone said once in regard to journalistic
ethics: "When choosing between a good headline and the truth, go
for the headline..."
     Fortunately, UFO videos don't always reach the media before
analysts can get to them. Thanks to this, some recordings of
"unidentifieds" which might have been labeled as giant UFOs,
spectacular vessels etc. have instead been presented as what they
really are: cute anecdotes concerning the human "psychology of
perception".
     A new case in point: a certain video presents an obviously
three-dimensional, spindle-shaped object crossing the skies over
Alicante in broad daylight. The witnesses, André and Yermani
Grangier, a French tourist couple, were interviewed about the
event by Pedro Amorós (president of SEIP). According to their
testimony, they were in Alicante's "Valle del Sol" development
when both they and their neighbors witnessed a dark object which
momentarily reflected the suns light and moved slowly in the sky
from north to south. There was no wind in the area, nor any nearby
aeronautical facilities which could identify the object as a
conventional airplane or helicopter. The video shows the UFO
rotating on its own axis and curious protuberances on its top
which in spite of the camera's zoom lens, cannot be seen with any
clarity.
     Pedro Amorós subjected the video to a number of computer
analyses, filtering and processing the image until achieving the
necessary clarity around the UFO's edges. To the surprise of all
the parties involved, the UFO turned out to be a teddy bear-shaped
toy balloon.
     The moral in this case is that advanced computer programs,
currently available to any PC user, provide researchers of the so-
call the UFO phenomenon excellent tools which make the hoaxing of
videos increasingly harder.
     In other words, it is increasingly easier to discover which
UFO films are genuine or not, provided that one really wants to
find out, instead of merely having an attractive journalistic
headline.


Fortean phenomena (the anomalous occurrences that were the
passion of author Charles Fort) are not exclusive to the U.K. or
the U.S.. Pilar Abeijón is the editor of her own newsletter on
the subject and a member of the Mundo Misterioso crew. This is
her first contribution to INEXPLICATA. Welcome aboard!

Fortean Fish-Falls in Galicia?
by Pilar Abeijon

     A resident of the Moncelos parish (province of Lugo), had the
surprise of his life when he discovered that one of his properties
was inundated with small fish and algae after a massive storm that
had affected the area.
     That Thursday afternoon, a torrential downpour had hit all of
Lugo Province. Jaime Fernández, a Moncelos parishioner, concerned
about the possible material damages the storm could have inflicted
upon his properties, grabbed hold of a flashlight and decided to
inspect the storm's impact on an esplanade not far from a
greenhouse. His surprise at finding the bunches of small fish and
a kind of algae scattered all over the premises is easily
imaginable.
     "Upon seeing the fish, my first thought was that someone had
thrown their garbage onto his farm, since it's located by the
roadside," Jaime explained. "But it later dawned on me that the
there were algae like the kind you see in fish tanks right next to
the fish..."
     A few days after the curious event, some of the small fish
and algae fallen from the skies remained visible over a two
hundred square meter surface, even thought the vast majority of
them had already fallen prey to birds and cats. Our initial
impression, when Jaime's mother described the events, was that
some fisherman without a permit had been caught in the act by the
Guardia Civil
and had scattered the proof of the crime within the farm. But this
hypothesis would collapse upon examining some of the fishes and
ascertaining that they were jureles, a type of maritime fish quite
common in the Galician estuaries. We were further able to learn
that particular type of algae is not found in riverine
environments and that the only fish to be found there were lowly
trout.
     Throughout history, as countless oral and written accounts
can attest, rain has not been the only thing to fall from the sky:
on many occasions, to the astonishment of eyewitnesses, small
creatures like frogs, toads, spiders, mice, snails, scarabs, worms
or even fish, as in this instance, have rained from above.
     In Spain, regions such as Extremadura and Andalucía have
often found their streets plagued by frogs and fish after powerful
storms have gone through the area in May and late summer. The most
spectacular one of these took place in 1944 at San Vicente de
Alcántara (Cáceres).
     One afternoon, a black cloud covered the sky and a mixture of
rain and hail fell upon the community. The locals hurried to
shelter themselves within their homes, and once the storm had
ended, they could see that the ground was covered with thumbnail-
sized toads. The town's children, amused by the event, played at
who could catch the greatest number of batrachians..
     In certain countries, this type of phenomena occurs with such
regularity that local residents eagerly await the event to profit
from it. This occurs in Yoro (Honduras), for example.
     Here, when the rainy season starts, the locals anxiously wait
for the chaparrón de peces (literally, "fish cloudburst") with
nets, buckets and other containers at the ready for catching the
hundreds of sardines that fall from the sky.
     In the Argentinean town of Timbuos, there is a popular saying
that whenever the north wind blows over the Iber Lagoon, a
rainfall of frogs can be expected.
     However, the most coherent explanation that can be formulated
in the light of these unusual phenomena has to do with the
formation of strong wind currents and whirlwinds due to the
differences of temperature that exist between the various air
masses. These currents would be capable of dragging an infinite
number of small objects that they have found in their wake and
carry them through the air, such as frogs from a pond or the
smallest fish of a given river. Once the wind loses strength, the
animals fall with the rain many kilometers away from their point
of origin, causing the bewilderment of all those who witness the
event.
     The second hypothesis, formulated by researcher Charles Fort
at the turn of the century, has little acceptance among most
researchers since it involves "teleportation". Fort believed in a
force capable of transporting objects from one place to another
without having covered any distance at all. Given its effect, this
force could cause any object to disappear and make it reappear
elsewhere. On certain occasions, there has also been talk of an
event similar to rains of animals, but one that is much more
curious and harder to explain: rains of objects.
     The oldest such event recorded appears in the biblical Book
of Joshua (10:11), describing a battle between Amorrites and
Israelites which was influenced by a rain of stones caused by
Yahweh, leading the latter to victory.
     Ancient chronicles and etchings allude to rains of other
absurd objects. During the year 746, crosses rained from the sky
in Sicily. Fruit rained from the sky throughout the Middle Ages;
Devonshire and Wansworth (U.K), Napa (California) and Reading and
Chester (Pennsylvania) are allegedly the sites of ice storms that
assume the shape of large blocks capable of inflicting heavy
damage, whether by crushing cattle in the field or smashing the
roofs of houses. Even more incredible are the rainfalls of blood
seen during the 19th century in Paris, Granada and Bristol, or the
nauseating chunks of meat that fell over Kentucky in 1876. The
frightened residents of these communities attributed the unusual
phenomena to divine retribution for mankind's moral decadence.
     Despite the fact that this type of unusual phenomena appear
to be legends or mere exaggerations by the gullible, the fact of
the matter is that there are accounts that can be considered
reliable and cases involving falls of small animals, such as the
fish in Lugo, can be rationally explained. They remain curious
events, nonetheless...
Roadside Encounters: UFOs, Aliens and Missing Time
by Javier García Blanco

Javier García Blanco is the editor (along with Angel Briongos
Martinez) of Spain's DESCLASIFICADO magazine and the director of
the LACIP organization. This is his second contribution to
INEXPLICATA.

     "That thing had the side of eight cars or more. In other
words, when it was on top of us, it looked like a skyscraper..."
     So certain were the words of Pedro Mateo, a veteran radio
personality and graphic artists who kindly described to this
author the UFO he had encountered during one of his journeys some
twenty years ago. At that time he was in the company of his wife,
Gloria Jiménez, and heading toward Barcelona, where they were
scheduled to catch a flight that would take them to their
destination, the German city of Dusseldorf. But Providence had
something else in store for the couple.
     "It happened on June 26, 1977. I have it etched upon my mind
because we were flying to Dusseldorf that day, and most of what
happens to me I write in a notebook. We had left Zaragoza very
early--around five o'clock in the morning--and we were hoping to
have lunch with my brother, who lives in Barcelona, before
boarding our flight to Germany.
     "When the event occurred it was already dawn and the sun was
out. It was then, shortly after having passed [the town] of Los
Garrigues, in Lérida, that we saw that thing appear on the other
side..."
     "What did the object look like?" I interrupted.
     "Well, how can I describe it...it was disk shaped. A sort
of..."
     I offered Pedro Mateo my field book and he quickly drew an
oval object with an indistinct edge to it.
     "When I saw it for the first time, it was at a distance. I
wasn't overly concerned since it was so far away. But suddenly, it
began to move with incredible ease...soundlessly, and at a rate of
speed that quickly put it over my car. And I got scared," Pedro
told us, visibly moved. "It was then when I noticed as sign that
read: Gas Station 1000 Meters. I sped as fast as I could, and when
I looked I was driving at 160 kmh. Seconds later, we noticed the
object disappearing the same way we saw it arrive.
     "To us, it was a matter of seconds, but when we looked again,
there was the sign that indicated the gas station's existence 1
kilometer away. Well, I told myself, it must be another sign. When
we finally got there, it was a very odd gas station. Highways have
always had service stations, and we found this gas station with
two posts and a broken down shed, with the kind of pump one sees
in American movies. A man emerged when we reached the site. I'm
1.76 meters tall," Mateo explained, "and that guy must have been
1.90, very tall, and dressed in very faded blue coveralls."
     Pedro Mateo and his wife, still frightened by the mysterious
encounter they had experienced, quizzed the man regarding the
unusual object.
     "I asked the man, listen, did you see something strange in
the sky? and he covered his face with something that looked like a
sandwich to me. He replied that nothing had happened all morning.
Since we weren't going to buy any fuel, he got into the shed once
more, but at no time were we able to see his face, since he
covered it with that thing he kept in his hands..."

Three Hours Lost
     Somewhat more relaxed, the Mateos decided to continue their
drive to Barcelona, where they would meet their flight later on.
     "I didn't look at my watch at the time," he gestured to his
wristwatch. "and when we reached the airport, which can't be more
than an hour away from where we were, it was already 2:15 p.m. and
our flight was being called from the loudspeakers! Without knowing
how or why, we'd lost around three hours. I was hoping to get
there around 11:00 a.m., and my brother would be meeting us for
lunch. However, when we got there, barely had time to catch the
plane."
     "But the most curious thing," Mateo explained with a certain
degree of astonishment, "is that we didn't discuss the subject
during the flight. Not for a long time. Not even on the way back."
     Hours later and without further delays, they reached
Dusseldorf. Having reached their hotel, Gloria Jiménez was ready
to change her clothes when she noticed that her underwear was torn
on one of its sides. In spite of this disquieting detail, some of
the most disquieting and mysterious things would be discovered
during the return trip, while driving in their Seat 1430.
     "When we turned the radio on it played perfectly. But when we
put a music cassette in the player, we realized it had been
erased. We tried with all the others, but none of them worked.
What's even more surprising is that we tried taping over the
cassettes once we got home, but it couldn't be done.
     "And as if that wasn't bad enough, a pair of bifocals I used
for reading and which I'd left on the glovebox had disappeared.
They vanished after the event, and I've never seen them again.
Furthermore, some time after, the car's paint job --red in color--
turned pinkish on the roof, on the hood and on the passenger side.
The car got very ugly."
     But not only the car and some of the objects within it had
disappeared or experienced some sort of alteration. Pedro Mateo
himself and his wife would find something in their bodies that
would make them shiver.
     "After our experience, someone left me a novel about some
Americans, a racially mixed couple who'd experienced something
similar to what we'd been through. Since then--and this is
something I haven't told anyone--I've had a very strange wart on
my testicles that doesn't hurt at all, and my wife has another on
her genitals."
     The incredible story of the Zaragozan couple would be
completed some years later, when during supper with friends in a
restaurant near Los Garrigues, they were able to prove that the
strange filling station at which they'd stopped that day did not
exist, and had never existed.

"We Lost All Notion of Time and Space..."
     Only a year earlier, another Aragonese couple had lived
through an experience similar to that of Pedro Mateo and his wife.
On April 2, 1976, Alberto Ballarin and his wife, Maria Josefa
Torres, were driving along highway N-240 heading toward their home
in Monzón. At 10:30 p.m. they reached the town of Angües, where
they made a brief stop.
     After taking on fuel at a local service station, they resumed
their trip, leaving the town behind and getting into a long
stretch of road some 3 kilometers long. It was then that they
noticed the presence of something strange on the road.
     "We were on the road again when after only a few minutes--two
or three--we saw something very strange coming down on us."
     In the distance, they were able to see a strange light moving
at some 55 kmh on the other lane of the road and in the contrary
direction. Their first impression was that it was another vehicle,
but as it grew closer, they were able to verify that the object
lacked headlights or wheels, and that it engaged in an oscillating
motion, "as if riding the waves."
     The object, which was shaped "like a flattened pear," was
some 3.5 meters tall by 7 or 8 meters wide. The UFO was hovering
half a meter over the road surface and in perfect silence. Shortly
afterward, the mysterious object crossed paths with the car and
both witnesses were able to tell that the object gave off "large
white or yellowish sparks, similar to those of a Catherine wheel."
The husband urged the wife to turn around at try to see the
license plate of the strange vehicle that had just passed them by.
Logically, the woman only observed a bright light that rose
heavenward at great speed, losing itself in the heights.
     "Look! look! my husband said," remembers María Josefa, "and I
saw it up in the air, surrounded by a great brightness. Then, we
suddenly found ourselves in front of the San Román parador. We
didn't pass by the bridge nor the town of Lascellas. We lost all
notion of time or space for fifteen minutes."
     They reached home at 10:50 p.m., fifteen minutes faster than
they should have, since that particular journey was one they
always conducted at no more than 70 kmh given the difficulty
presented by certain stretches of road. After the event, the
couple felt "a great sense of calm, tranquility and well-being"
which they experienced for a number of days. Furthermore, Mr.
Ballarín noted that ever since, "the car runs better, has better
engine performance, and even brakes better."
     That very same night, Jaime Tresaco, Manuel Polo, Jesús
Lleguet and Victor Bergua were assailed by a UFO on the N-136
highway linking Zaragoza and Huesca. Days earlier--on March 31 and
April 1, specifically--other persons witnessed UFO activity in the
vicinity of Huesca.


Car Chase at Los Monegros
     But these cases involving Aragonese couples should not be
considered isolated events. Numerous individuals claim to have
been the victims of harrowing UFO chases while peacefully driving
along lonely roads--such as those found in the almost deserted
region of Los Monegros and the Alcubierre Mountains.
     Jesús García, a 44 year-old truck driver, will never forget
the ordeal he suffered during one of his many trips to the
Aragonese capital. One night in early 1995, Jesus was going down
county road 1104 in his Opel Corsa as he headed back to work in
the capital city. The time was approximately 1:30 a.m. when he
suddenly became aware of a light following him. At first, he took
it to be another vehicle and gave it no importance, but shortly
after, a quick glance at his rear view mirror proved the
unconventional nature of the object behind him.
     "When I looked through the rear view mirror, I was able to
see a rectangular object surrounded by multicolored lights
blinking at regular intervals. That's when I became uneasy."
     Feeling somewhat nervous, Jesús continued on his way, trying
to put some distance between himself and his unexpected companion.
But the strange object seemed to have its own agenda.
     "I remember the radio being on and suddenly, the object sped
up and got right behind me. The radio stopped operating at that
point and I could only hear interference. Now I was really scared
and I floored the accelerator. I had the car going at 140 kmh."
     Anyone who has ever driven down the highway joining the towns
of Farlete and Monegrillo will know from experience that it is
hardly suitable for high speed driving. In spite of this, the
frightened witness sped away with the understandable intention of
getting rid of his pursuer. A few kilometers later, and after
putting a hill between himself and the unknown object, he lost
sight of his unwanted "tail".
     A few months later, toward the end of July, another
surprising encounter played out on Aragonese roads, specifically
on the road that joins the locality of Alcubierre with Zaragoza.
On July 25, Ana Casamayor was travelling along with her sister-in-
law and youngest son along the road in question. But that summer
afternoon would be different: "something" up in the sky would draw
their attention. The journey proceeded normally until Ana became
aware of something in the sky--a large oval-shaped object which
remain suspended at a given altitude in mid-air.
     "We were coming down from the sierra when we suddenly noticed
that thing to the right. It was quiet, silvery and without any
edges. It was dish-shaped, but not so rounded. It was tilted at an
angle and seemed metallic."
     In a matter of seconds, without giving them a chance to
react, the mysterious object took off at high speed. After passing
beside a hermitage nearby, the object vanished from sight,
reappearing in the distance as it flew in a southerly direction.
     "We didn't stop. It took us by surprise, of course...it began
moving only seconds after we saw it, almost passing right over
us...it headed in the direction of Casino Montesblancos. After
losing sight of it, we managed to make out a small, silver, shiny
point, which receded into the distance..."

As Big as Bullring
     Another experience had occurred in the past not far from
where Jesús García experienced his road pursuit. In the late
1960's, Francisco Martí Cuatrtero and four more young men who were
doing military service in Zaragoza ran into a UFO of enormous
proportions.
     In the early morning hours of November 1, 1968, the five
recruits were returning to Zaragoza after a pass granted due to
the feast of All Saints. It was around 4:30 hours as they drove
along the Los Monegros road with only 40 more kilometers to go
before reaching their destination. Suddenly, one of the fellows
noted: "Look, the sun's coming up." Within seconds they realized
that the luminous disc was not the sun, since it was rising on the
opposite side of the horizon.
     The object grew closer, and when the car was half a kilometer
away from the object, the radio stopped playing, the engine
stopped and the headlights dimmed. The recruits would later notice
that their wristwatches had also stopped at the very same time.
     Terrified and in the thrall of a nervous breakdown, the young
men looked on in amazement as the gigantic disk --described by the
eyewitnesses as being the size of a bullring--landed some 500
meters to their left. After three endless minutes in which the
object remained silent, it rose again and after a sudden
acceleration, vanished from the eyes of the recruits. Once the UFO
vanished, the car's engine, headlights and radio returned to their
normal operation. Upon reaching their destination, they reported
the sighting to their superiors, who initiated an investigation
and subjected the recruits to detailed questioning.

In the Middle of the Road
     Burgo de Ebro is a small town located at a certain distance
from Zaragoza. During countless occasions, its residents have
witnessed strange lights over their community's skies. One of the
locals, Baltasar Cavero Andreu, a humble shepherd, received the
fright of his life when he ran into a trio of strange creatures in
the middle of the road.
     It was sunset and Baltasar was headed back home in his
motorcycle after having placed his flock of sheep back in their
pens for the evening at a distance of some 2 kilometers from the
town. Halfway along the road, he noticed three men standing in the
road. Despite the poor highway conditions and the fact that
Baltasar could not rive very fast, he came within some 40 or 50
meters of the strange entities.
     "I thought: it must be the Guardia Civil," he says. "But it
wasn't..."
     Puzzled, the witness turned on his high beams. The "men"
turned around and began running downhill. Deciding to find out
exactly who they were, Baltasar followed them some for some 200
meters, but after doubling a curve, he was unable to find any
trace of them. "I even stopped my motorbike, but I couldn't see
anyone. I had no idea what could have become of them."
     The three "men"--standing approximately 1.80 meters--were
clad in white and had blue bands on the back of their outfits that
reached from their shoulders down to their waists.
     Cavero returned home feeling disturbed, surprised by the
unusual event he had witnessed. There was a further surprise in
store: "I ran into them again two days later."
     On that occasion, Baltasar was heading to the pens to make
sure his animals were well when he noticed something unusual was
going on: the sheep and sheepdogs were exhibiting strange
excitement--the animals were huddled against one of the walls. As
he tried to open the lock to the pen's large door, he noticed two
of the strange beings in white he'd seen earlier. They were still
dressed in white and were flattened against the wall as if to
avoid detection. The terrified shepherd fled the scene and headed
for the Guardia Civil headquarters. Unfortunately, the beings were
already gone by the time officials reached the pens.
     Baltasar Cavero's case--researched a few years ago by J.J.
Benítez--is only one more of the numerous encounters which occur
on the lonely roads and trails linking the thousands of small
towns of our geographical region.

Conclusion
     Antonio Ballarín, Jesús García and Pedro Mateo are only some
of thousands of witnesses who have had close encounters with UFOs
or humanoids as they drove their vehicles along Spanish highways.
These cases evince the phenomenon's interest in the human being
and a desire to let itself be seen.
     What is the purpose of the frantic high-speed pursuits in the
middle of the night? Why do they assail frightened witnesses,
turning a normal drive into a dangerous "adventure"? Who knows.
The fact is that at this very moment some confident driver may be
at verge of becoming the protagonist of an anguished "experience"
as he/she drives on some deserted road. And don't forget--you
could be next...
                        EX LIBRIS
     A Random Sampling of Hispanic Ufology in Print

Abducciones
by Magdalena del Amo-Freixedo. Cenlle (Ourense): Editorial
Bell Book, 1998. Foreword by Salvador Freixedo. Softcover,
309 pages. Illustrations. e-mail: freixamo@interbook.net.

"The UFO phenomenon," writes Magdalena del Amo-Freixedo,
"does not constitute a matter of belief. Rather, it is a
problem of information." This indefatigable traveller, writer
and journalist is also the author of Los Habitantes Ocultos
del Planeta, Experiencias con lo Trascendente and El
Asesinato de las Niñas de Alcácer. Don't let the one word
title fool you: Abducciones deals with more than abduction
phenomena. It explores the darker side of the UFO phenomenon
world-wide and presents a refreshing view of the U.S.
ufological community as can only be offered by someone
standing outside the group. Indeed, Del Amo-Freixedo is
holding up the mirror to us, and we may not like what we see.

Abducciones is a serious and detailed study of the problems
experienced by the alleged victims of UFO abduction. Since
the book is intended to be read by a non-U.S. audience, it
dwells on cases that are well-known to readers on our side of
the water. But the cases dealing with Latin America and Spain
will certainly attract anyone's attention. Abducciones pays
particular attention to the sexual component of the abduction
phenomenon, stressing that our "univited visitors" (to use
that old expression) have undue interest in "matters genital,
reproductive and generational." Examples of this are found in
a number of cases every bit as eye-opening as the Villas-Boas
Case (Brazil, 1952) which appear in several chapters.

This book can fairly lay claim to being the most important
UFO/paranormal book published in Spain during 1998. We urge
our readers to dust off their high-school Spanish and make
the effort to read Abducciones. You will be pleasantly
surprised.

INEXPLICATA gives Abducciones    
                          MEXICO WATCH:
         UFO and Paranormal Goings-On South of the Border
                                by
                Dr. Rafael A. Lara Palmeros, CEFP


_ Carlos Díaz and the UFO Reality Research Center

     We had already made mention, in publications which are no
longer in circulation (Samizdat Special Report: Mexico 1995 and
Mexico 1996), of the suspicious handling of UFO research by both
Carlos Díaz and Jaime Maussán. Our suspicions are now confirmed.
In late November and early December 1998, Michael Hesseman and one
of Billy Meier's sons visited the Mexican city of Cuernavaca
(Morelos) to fine tune the formation, composition and comissioning
of the UFO Reality Research Center, whose director will be Mr.
Carlos Díaz, aided by his wife. This center is to be located in
the city of Tepoztlán, a town not far from Cuernavaca and the site
of alleged UFO activity for many years. The house, a two-storey
residence purchased with the proceeds from Mr. Díaz's businesses,
boasts a conference room, a film viewing room, a storefront for
the sale of naturopathic products as well as the photos taken by
the contactee. It shall also have tourist information concerning
locations of "ufological interest" within the area.
     Aside from the Diazes participation, the research center
shall benefit from the technological consuting services of Lic.
Victor Quezada's "SOL" group, which will be in charge of photo
analysis. A relevant fact is that the alleged contactee initiated
his the conquest of the Internet by placeing not only his 3
classic photographs on line, but another 10 images taken both by
day and by night.
     It is worth noting that the opening of this erstwhile
research center will greatly benefit local restaurateurs, tour
guides, peddlers of pseduo-esoterica and others who will proffit
from the arrival of visitors and curiosity-seekers to Tepoztlán
(the majority of the restaurants in the area feature photos of
Carlos Díaz and his alleged UFOs. Many will wonder what Jaime
Maussán's role will be in all this. The journalist's attitude is
confusing, to say the least: on the one hand, he has allegedly
told the media that Carlos Díaz is swindler and on the other hand,
he will become the tenant of the lower floor of Díaz's residence
in order to "manage" the contactee's business affairs.
     The self-proclaimed "Great Researcher from Tepoztlán", "The
New Guide of Mexican Spirituality", "The New Mexican Guru" and his
coterie have embarked upon a new adventure involving dollars, the
unwary and UFO disinformation, which is even sadder and more
perilous.
     Is this merely the opening scene of a new play?
                          MEXICO WATCH:
         UFO and Paranormal Goings-On South of the Border

_ Argentinean UFO Cult Features Extensive War Arsenal

     Guillermo Romeu, the spearhead of a UFO cult known as RADAR
1, was found dead of a gunshot wound to the head on January 12,
1998. The investigations undertaken by judge Marcelo Hunkeler
uncovered an arsenal of weaponry and high technology which the
cult had apparently stockpiled since its creation in 1991.
According to the statments made by Romeu before his death, the
weapons were "...for purposes of training and defense against the
Greys, since they are extremely hostile and are using us as a
source of food."
     Romeu's concubine, Cecilia Díaz, indicated that the cult
would continue to pursue its activities and that it would have
more weapons in San Isidro (Argentina). According to a statement
issued by Angel Centeno, Argentina's Secretary of Worship, the
cult may continue to exist since it is legally registered with the
government. These activities are currently taking place at a
location to the north of Buenos Aires.
     The headquarters of RADAR 1 -- which also calls itself
Iglesia Manantial, the Wellspring Church -- was searched by
police, who found weapons and clothing that the members were
expecting to use against an alleged "extraterrestrial attack"
which is supposedly imminent. The church also owned a radio
station from which they broadcast the idea of the "colonization of
Earth" by alien forces.

_ Occult Revelations in Corporal Valdes's Experience
     Chilean researcher Jorge E. Anfruns sent new information--
hitherto unknown--concerning the strange events suffered by
corporal Armando Valdes Garrido in the early morning hours of
April 25, 1977.
     As might be recalled, at 4:15 a.m. on that day, army corporal
Armando Valdés underwent a highly important UFO experience in the
Lluscuma Mountains near Putre (Chile) in which he felt attracted
by an unknown source of light and vanished form the sight of his
platoon, which remained combat-ready. He was found 15 minutes
later in a semi-conscious state, with his wristwatch calendar five
days ahead of the current date and with a dense growth of beard.
In mid-1998, Valdés left the armed forces and as a consequence,
was freed from the order to keep silence regarding his fantastic
experience.
     Now an evangelical minister, Valdés interprets his odyssey as
a demonic manifestation and would sooner forget about it.
     According to the most recent documentation available on the
case, corporal Valdés was diagnosed as a schizophrenic by
psychiatrist Mario Dussel ("...during the psychiatric evaluation,
he jumped from one subject to another and went as far as to draw a
UFO on an image of the well-known Rorsasch Test"). According to
Dussel, Valdés underwent seven electroshock treatments and
presented a severe affective discordance. One wonders: why Valdés
was not discharged from the military?
                          MEXICO WATCH:
         UFO and Paranormal Goings-On South of the Border


 It is believed that this decision is closely related to a UFO
experience suffered by [Chilean dictator] Augusto Pinochet
himself, who expressed a belief in the corporal's story and
considered him a "go-between" with the aliens.
     It must be noted that a number of personal effects and
weapons vanished from the site of the putative UFO landing, which
presented a subsidence greater than 30 centimeters, and the fact
that other
soliders may have also been abducted. All of this information
forms part of corporal Valdés's "untold story", which also
includes his two subsequent UFO sightings while stationed at a
barracks in the city of Providencia.

_ Was the Chupacabras Captured in Honduras?
     In mid-March 1998, the media announced the alleged capture
and slaying of the mythical "Chupacabras" in the vicinity of
Florida de Opatoro in the western department of La Paz in
Honduras.
     The mysterious beast was preserved by the town clergyman,
Father Abel del Pilar, who indicated that it was an amphybious
creature. The dessicated remains have awakened the imagination of
the local peasantry as well as journalists, who without asking for
expert opinions, determined that the Chupacabras had been slain in
Honduras.
     Deputy Ramón Villeda Bermúdez, a career veterinarian,
believes that stories of the creature's capture are "foolish,
since they concern a fish that has been modified on purpose to
resemble a small devil." The animal in question is a type of fish
commonly found in Europe and Asia and belonging to the genus
Rhynobathus, similar to manta rays.
     The Honduran Goatsucker is little more than a fish with a
lengthened and sharpened muzzle whose pectoral fins extend to its
skull.
     Accounts concerning the capture of the elusive predator have
once again proven spurious.
