{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T06:45:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 86983, "source_ctime_ns": 1790218445177533338, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-08.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790218445161402533, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-08.pdf", "source_sha256": "2f8dab9d8e62a4985efed997812bbe9c1f45ffccd0ba7fc4331686ef85f0bc63"}

INEXPLICATA
                The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
                           Issue # 8
                         Spring 2001

     INEXPLICATA is the official journal of the Institute of
     Hispanic Ufology, an organization dedicated to increasing
     and promoting information and awareness on UFO and
     paranormal research in Spain, the Caribbean, Central and
     South America.
Editor
     Scott Corrales
Contributing Editors
     Manuel Carballal (Spain)
     Willie Durand Urbina (Puerto Rico)
     Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros (Mexico)
     Lucy Guzmán de Plá (Puerto Rico)

     Don't be left out of the debate! Join INEXPLICATA's on-line
     chat group at <inexplicata@egroups.com> and visit our web
     site at http://www.inexplicata.com


                      ARTICLES AND FEATURES
Starstrikes: Calling Cards from the Cosmos?
by Scott Corrales ............................................. 1
UFO Crash/Recoveries in Chile
by Raúl Núñez ................................................. 8
Contact: Talking to the Gods of the New Millennium
by Manuel Carballal .......................................... 12
On the Trail of the Chupacabras
by Dr. Virgilio Sánchez-Ocejo ................................ 16
UFOs, The "Visitor Experience" and Personality
by Dr. Rafael A. Lara Palmeros ............................... 19
Ex Libris (Book Reviews) ..................................... 22
            "Open the Pod Bay Doors, Hal."

Although I'm writing these words on the first day of the
21st century and of the Third Millenium C.E.-- a frosty
January morning -- my mind keeps drifting back to 1976,
when I first read the words of (Sir) Arthur C. Clarke's The
Lost Worlds of 2001 (Signet, 1972):
"Between the first and last decades of the Twentieth
Century lay a gulf greater than the wildest imagination
could have conceived. It was the gulf between gunpowder and
nuclear bomb, between messages tapped in morse code and
global television from the sky, between Queen Victoria,
Empress of India, and Kwame Chaka, Supreme President of the
African Federation. But above all, it was the gulf between
the first hundred-foot flight at Kitty Hawk, and the first
billion-mile mission to the moons of Jupiter..."

Perhaps Sir Arthur's foresight failed him in regard to the
African Federation, but his book's opening paragraph is
perhaps truer than ever. From his vantage point in the
awestruck and iconoclastic Sixties, like a latter-day
Nostradamus, Clarke predicted the next thirty years with a
series of hits and misses: Yes, the newspad employed by his
future astronauts would come about in the shape of PDA's
and laptops we use today; his Space Station One came about
in the guise of the smaller Space Station Alpha; the
billion-mile mission to the moons of Jupiter has been
accomplished by the Pioneer, Voyager and Galileo probes.
No, there is no sprawling moonbase on Clavius or a
spaceship    Discovery poised to deliver us to distant
Iapetus. But on this first day of 2001, the promise set
forth in his immortal science fiction masterpiece still
beckons bright.
An analogy can also be found for ufology and paranormal
studies: ten decades separate the Airship Scare of the
1890's and Camille Flammarion's work on the occult from the
Alien Autopsy and Salvador Freixedo's works on the mystery
of interaction with secretive intelligences. From their
vantage point in the 1950s or 1960s, could Donald Keyhoe,
Aime Michel, Waveney Girvan or Antonio Ribera have
predicted the future of their chosen field of research with
better accuracy than Clarke in his? Perhaps, perhaps not.
But as is the case with 2001: A Space Odyssey, the promise
of ufology and high strangeness remain tantalizingly bright
for the century that dawns today.


Scott Corrales
Editor, INEXPLICATA
Director, Institute of Hispanic Ufology
Starstrikes: Calling Cards from the Cosmos?
by Scott Corrales
     The story has been told in every language and in every
single possible context from simple history to science-fiction:
how in the summer of 1908 a strange object -- sometimes
meteorite, sometimes a cometary fragment, sometimes an alien
spaceship -- crashed into, or vaporized over, a remote area in
the Siberian wilderness known as Tunguska. Haunting photos of
the event's aftereffects are burned into our consciousness and
have even graced the covers of rock and roll albums: thousands
of trees pointing away from the disaster like so many carefully
laid out matchsticks. Stories of the still-unexplained Siberian
devastation are equally gripping, and when the first Soviet
expeditions made their way to the area decades later, they were
startled to find that the local Tungus tribespeople had
attributed the event to a surprise visit by the fire-god Adgy.
     However, any small comfort offered by both time and
distance vanishes when we examine the more immediate crashes on
our own continent.
     South America: A Cosmic Dart Board

     On August 13, 1930 a strange explosion very similar to the
one at Tunguska took place at Rio Curaca on a jungle riverbank
on the border between Perú and Brazil. Word of the event was
brought back to civilization by Catholic missionaries doing the
Lord's work in Amazonia and printed in the Vatican's own
L'Osservatore Romano. According to the eyewitnesses, their
attention was drawn to the phenomenon by a high-pitched
whistling sound in the early morning hours. The sun acquired a
blood-red cast that frightened the natives and made the
missionaries wonder if the time of reckoning might be at
hand.The article in L'Osservatore Romano makes reference to the
highly unusual fact that a rain of fine ash "left a white layer
on the jungle leaves" prior to the impact.
     Five years later, a second devastating explosion would
occur in South America's northern reaches, specifically at
Rupununi in British Guyana. According to an article featured in
The Sky magazine in September 1939, the Guyanan incident
occurred under cover of darkness in the month of December 1935.
Researcher Serge Korff had visited the remote area only a few
months after the event and noted that the area affected by the
cosmic one-shot could have been much wider than the one in
Tunguska decades earlier: he managed to interview a local miner
who had gone to bed early on that fateful evening and was
brusquely wakened by the explosion and the sound of his crockery
being thrown about in the kitchen. The miner claimed to have
visited the impact area and guessed that it roughly measured one
hundred twenty square kilometers. Giant rainforest trees had
fallen down pointing away from the impact "as if they'd been
pushed."
     It was not until 1937 that William Holden, a researcher
with the American Museum of Natural History, was able to visit
the area and climb to the top of a local mountain range: he
reported being able to see a devastated area measuring several
miles in diameter whose trees had been sheared off some 20 feet
from their bases. Holden also supported the belief that some
sort of cosmic impact had been responsible for the event.
Subsequent researchers found that the area had been covered over
by the exuberant rainforest in a matter of years.
     Researchers agreed that common factors in the Brazilian and
Guyanan cases were the ear-splitting sound produced by the
object and the fact that both events occurred during annual
meteor showers --the Perseids and Geminids--in their respective
years and are identifiable with the penetration of Earth's
atmosphere by a small meteor. But even so, there was the
niggling suspicion, as with the Tunguska event, that something
more than stray cosmic junk may have been involved.

A Second Round of Events
     The South American landmass appears to have avoided further
insults until only recently, when the vast, thinly populated
expanses of Brazil were wounded from above once more.
     On October 9, 1999 an enormous sonic boom rent the air
above the Amazonian logging camp/village of Sao Félix do Xingu
on a clear afternoon, spreading terror among the lumberjacks and
the Kaiapós natives who occupy the area. A scintillating object
roared over the city, leaving a wake of black smoke qualified by
the onlookers as "similar to that of a rocket". The smoke trail
extended for some 18 miles into the nearby mountains as the
object disappeared from view.
     The inevitable detonation followed seconds later. Witness
Gildemar de Souza noted that "it was a colossal explosion, like
a bomb, that made the ground shake." Had anyone in the logging
camp been of an occultist bent, they might have reasonably
assumed that Nostradamus' Great King of Terror had arrived a few
months late.
     Local radio station "Rede BAND" took it upon itself to
organize a search party to find out what had really fallen into
the mountains. Members of the radio station's team were almost
completely convinced that a meteor of some sort had fallen in
the vicinity and discouraged any talk about alien vehicle. This
choice, however laudable, did nothing to discourage speculation
among the locals that a stricken spaceship had plowed into their
region. Believers in the alien hypothesis bolstered their belief
with the fact that no distress calls had been received
concerning any downed Brazilian aircraft.
     Rede BAND's expedition used a small aircraft to get as
close to the site of events as possible, and then employed a
small boat to reach the Xingu's headwaters. Friendly Kaiapó
tribesmen led them to the spot in the jungle where the crash
occurred and the tropical vegetation still smoldered a full two
weeks after the impact: giant hardwoods had been uprooted and
burned and the jungle floor had been furrowed. No traces of
machinery or meteoritic rock were in evidence; stranger still
was an odd area where the trees pointed away from impact's
probable epicenter. All of this puzzled Rómulo Angélica, the
Rede BAND expedition's geologist, who was at a loss to explain
how despite the fact that the area looked like a meteor-stricken
landscape should look, the lack of a "culprit" was very
distressing to the scientists -- as was a peculiar odor which
did not resemble any smell that the expedition members were able
to immediately identify.
     Although they did not say so, perhaps some of the
expedition   members   were   recalling  the   still-unexplained
Divinolandia impact six years earlier.
     In the spring of 1994, farmer Trajano Martins and his wife,
residents of the municipality of Divinolandia deep in the state
of Sao Paulo, were startled to hear a sound similar to that of a
low- flying helicopter followed by the sound of an explosion.
Running out of his house to see what had occurred, he was
startled to see a large boulder on a nearby hill completely
enveloped in a cloud of white smoke.
     Fortunately for the Martins, a surveyor had been shooting
the landscape a few miles away and was able to witness an object
"reflecting the sun's light" fall out of the sky directly toward
the location indicated by the farmer. This corroboration
prompted the University of Sao Paulo to send out a team to
investigate the event and recover the meteorite. However, their
efforts were in vain: not even the smallest fragment of rock was
found. The research team's verdict was that if a meteor had been
involved, it must have buried itself into the ground.
     But this explanation did not suffice for members of the
Grupo Ufologico de Guarujá, who contacted Professor Francisco
Donizetti and asked him to look further into the matter. Glad to
oblige, the scholar visited Divinolandia and was impressed by
the way in which the large boulder had been shattered by
whatever external force had been brought to bear against it. He
corroborated the lack of any meteoritic fragments and ventured
the suggestion that the event may have been a "shock wave of an
unknown nature", remarking that a similarly strange event had
taken place in the late '70s at Aguas da Prata, where a strange
celestial object had fallen on a coffee plantation, setting it
on fire and creating a hole well over fifty feet (16 m) deep.
Argentina's Aeroliths or Saucers?
     Many people in South America, particularly those given to
reading books on the spiritism of Allan Kardec and esoterica in
general, had been keenly aware of the arrival of the year 1999
and the dreadful cataclysmic portents for the "seventh month" of
said year forecast by Michel de Nostradamus in the 16th century
concerning a "king of terror" that would appear in the sky. When
nothing happened, trepidation increased rather than abated,
since the cosmic intruder was probably delayed for reasons not
even Nostradamus could have explained on a good night. The
terrifying omen would appear like the thief in the night
described by the Apostle Paul.
     On Tuesday, January 25, 2000, the noontime routine of the
Argentinean village of Sachayoj in the Andean foothills was
disrupted by Nostradamus' late arrival: an object described as a
glowing ball of flame roared across the daylight skies, rending
the air with dull, deafening roar and frightening the locals
into prayer. What happened shortly afterward was a repetition of
the Brazilian incidents--a loud explosion was heard throughout
the Santiago del Estero region as energy was released from the
impact point. The ground shook, although not as powerfully as it
might in this earthquake-prone part of the Americas. It was all
over in a matter of minutes, and the townspeople's gratitude at
being spared turned into normal human inquisitiveness: had it
really been a bolide, or was it a crashed UFO similar to the one
which had allegedly fallen in 1995 near the Argentinean town of
Metán, some 200 miles to the north? UFOs had already been
reported earlier in January over the military facilities at
Puerto Belgrano, so anything was possible at this juncture.
It took a few days for teams of specialists from all over
Argentina to gather their instruments and report to Santiago del
Estero, the largest city closest to Sachayoj. The military and
their scientific advisors proceeded to comb the area for signs
of the alien object--whether natural or artificial--but were
soon hampered by the local geography of thick forests covering
yawning   canyons  and   gullies  --   uninhabited   and  mostly
unexplored, but filled with a variety of subtropical animals on
both banks of the Salado River Finding the object would involve
the daunting prospect of doing it all on foot, aided by the
seasoned backwoodsmen who inhabited the region.
     Town commissioner Olga Bertolotti told journalists that a
farm worker at an estancia (ranch) known as Fabril Chaquena had
witnessed the object's descent and that the local police was
reading the required expedition based on the man's indication.
Bertolotti informed the Intervoz de Córdoba newspaper that "with
the arrival of the year 2000 and apocalyptic beliefs,
townspeople are concerned about the strange object that fell
from the sky
and are following the events closely." The Commissioner also
added that her greatest concern was the awareness that the
object had fallen from space and was therefore an unknown
quantity. It is not entirely unreasonable to surmise the
Bertolotti was aware of her region's propensity toward abnormal
activity: not only had something odd fallen near Metán a few
years ago, but the area was also one of the country's ufological
hot spots. The spectacular Trancas Case (in which a farmhouse
was besieged by six UFOs which deployed "heat rays" against it)
had taken place not too far away, and the city of Salta and its
extensive history of unusual celestial events was a nearby
regional capital.
     Reporters also took an interest in some of the eyewitness
accounts brought to their attention, such as the testimony of
school janitor Ramon Agustín, who explained that the event had
filled him with "considerable panic and fear" given the sheer
size and rapid descent of the mystery object, whose loud,
thundering noise caused domestic animals to run amok. "I looked
at it and felt paralyzed, I didn't know what to do. After the
event, I ran away and stayed with my family," he told the press.
     A full week since the mystery object burned a path across
the skies of northern Argentina, the authorities determined that
the villages of Tintina, Otumpa, Sachayoj and the marches of the
Gran Chaco were the likeliest to hold the answer to the mystery.
Journalists had discovered that the area's inhabitants--normally
taciturn farmers--had become quite talkative about this
intrusion into the sedate lifestyle. The owner of one business
establishment was even able to pinpoint the location of the
alleged crash site basing himself on the descriptions given by
his clientele. Another local told reporters of fellow residents
who had hired themselves out as guides to the growing number of
technicians and officials engaged in searching for the object in
the vegetation-covered canyonlands of the area.
     As the search expanded to cover other possible crash
locations the office of the comisario (sheriff) in the town of
Quimilí rejected suggestions that an aircraft may have been
involved, adding that the eyewitnesses' reports seemed to agree
with the collision having occurred at a place known as Campo del
Cielo --Heaven's Field--where a massive meteorite shower appears
to have occurred millennia ago (an area similar to Mexico's Zone
of Silence, which would appear to exert a certain attraction
over inbound celestial objects)
     Much in the same way as with the Xingú crash of 1999, the
private expeditions seemed to have a higher profile and better
luck than the official ones. A radio station (Radio Mocovi) and
a television station (Charata Cable) hired a small plane to fly
their respective crews over the possible impact site. According
to radio broadcaster Juan Carlos Barros " [the area covered] is
a
forested area and no anomaly could be observed which might have
been caused by the possible fall of an object. It is an area of
great size, and if that's where it fell, it would take a great
deal of effort to reach the area and search it."
     The Santiago del Estero meteorite/bolide/UFO story faded
from the paper after a few weeks after experts and local guides
alike threw in the metaphorical towel. As in the Divinolandia
case in Brazil, the object had behaved like the Cheshire Cat--
but this time not even its smile remained.

     The Mexican Bolides
     Paulina González was a highly intelligent young woman from
the town of Villa Cardel, Veracruz -- not far from Jalapa, the
state capital. She had entered into the service of the author's
family in Mexico City and quickly became an inseparable member
of the family, playing the roles of housekeeper and companion
with equal ease. Her qualities as a storyteller were
unparalleled, particularly concerning the smallest details of
farm life in rural Mexico.
     Perhaps one of her most memorable accounts was the story of
the day "the world almost came to an end" had it not been--she
was convinced--through the intercession of the Virgin of
Guadalupe and a supporting cast of lesser-known saints.
     It was noon in Villa Cardel and she was returning home from
school for the midday meal when she noticed people screaming and
pointing to the heavens as a "white ball of fire" bore down on
the town. Shouts of "the world is ending" rang from people's
throats, but the bolide never struck the earth...it continued on
its path out to sea.
     Paulina retold the story a number of times, but it would
not be until many years later that I would come upon a similar
account highlighting the state of Veracruz's proclivity toward
these phenomena in John Keel's Operation Trojan Horse: residents
of the city of Veracruz on the Gulf of Mexico were wakened by
the a loud rumbling sound in the early morning hours of March
27, 1968. One witness to this terrifying event remarked that the
source of light and its attendant noise made her feel cool at
first and then cold, as night was turned into a frightening
semblance of a daytime that was still many hours away. The light
intensified and the ground shook as if in resonance. Again,
before the world ended on that occasion, the "bolide" appeared
to rise again and vanish. Keel notes that corroboration for the
event was made by the crew of a Mexican warship and an oil
tanker some twenty-five miles away from Veracruz. These distant
onlookers were able to describe it as "two or three objects in
the center of a bright ball of fire."
     But we would be mistaken to limit these bizarre near-misses
(if they in fact are) to the shores of the Gulf of Mexico.
Little over a year after the still-unexplained incident over
Veracruz, a colossal bolide appeared in the early morning skies
over the northern Mexican desert. February 8, 1969 could have
been a date every bit as memorable as Tunguska--written in
letters of fire--as residents of Ceballos, Durango woke up to
the blinding light of a fiery sphere that headed straight for
their town, illuminating every feature of the rocky desert and
causing understandable feelings of dread. The rumbling sound of
the object filled the streets of Ceballos as the townspeople
came out to see what could well be their last day on earth.
     But unlike the Veracruz objects, this bolide stayed on
course and was not deviated by any unnatural force. It hit the
ground near the village of Pueblito de Allende--scant miles from
Ceballos--and its shock wave fanned out almost immediately,
causing a deafening clap of sound.
     The Allende Meteorite is a matter of public record, but
what is less known is that the Zone of Silence, this arbitrary
patch of desert at the location where the states of Durango,
Coahuila and Chihuahua meet, is constantly peppered by smaller
stones mysteriously attracted to the region from outer space.
These skyfalls have added to the Zone's reputation as an
enchanted region. Similar "meteorite attractors" exist in other
locations, such as the aforementioned "Campo del Cielo" in
Argentina.

Conclusion
     Living, as we do, in an age obsessed with the possible
obliteration of our civilization due to meteorite impacts,
interest in the subject is high and has spawned a number of
motion pictures and book projects. But we needn't go as far as
northern Asia to find some amazing stories: on the 10th of
August, 1972, North America almost had its very own Tunguska as
a massive meteor, having an estimated weight of two million
pounds, burned its way into Earth's atmosphere leaving a wake of
sonic booms over the state of Utah. Closing in at nine miles a
second, the space rock seemed ready to slam against our planet
until it rebounded against the denser air of the lower
atmosphere and gently returned back into space. Astronomers
estimated that the object's trajectory was leading it toward
ground zero in southern Canada, slamming into the province of
Alberta with a force equivalent to a 400-kiloton nuclear bomb.
     One gets the impression that, like a cat, Earth seems to be
running out of lives...

The South American republic of Chile managed to maintain a
high profile throughout 2000 due to the depredations of the
Chupacabras. Nevertheless, Chile's prominence in the UFO field
stems from its vast case histories over the years. Chilean
expert Raúl Núñez examines a possible crash/retrieval
scenario.
UFO Crash/Retrievals in Chile
by Raúl Núñez
On October 7, 1998 at 15:45 hours, residents of Paihuano, a
small village in Valle de Elquí (Chile) underwent an
extraordinary experience which keep its 2,500 residents on the
edge of their seats. A flying object described as having a
metallic color and measuring some 15 meters across remained
motionless over the Las Mollacas hill, from which the entire
town could be seen.
The object began to rise and abruptly made a sudden turn that
split it in two before the awestruck witnesses. One part of the
object fell on hill's peak and the other behind it. Accounts
collected on the field by this correspondent among the many
persons who wintessed the uncanny event lead us to consider the
following events: a) the object witnessed was metallic
(silvery); b) the sun's rays reflected off its structure, aiding
its visibility; c) Its shape was elongated; d) it remained on
the summit of the hill throughout the afternoon of Wednesday the
7th, Thursday the 8th and Friday the 9th, when it was removed by
personnel in uniform; e) all of the townsfolk, including mayor
Lorenzo Torres, witnessed the event; f) earthquakes were
registered after the object fell to the ground; g) electric
blackouts covered the entire region; h) radio and TV broadcasts
throughout Paihuano, Pisco Elquí and Monte Grande (two
neighboring towns) were disrupted.
In view of the alarm caused by the event, a detachment of
Carabineros (Chilean militarized police) looked at the object
through binoculars and made an effort to reach the area on
horseback after confirming the events described by the locals.
The rocky soil, composed of sedimentary stone, made getting to
the top an arduous affair--it is known that several efforts were
made to reach the top and that one of the animals died during
the operation. Furthermore, communications between the police
forces and their base were successfully intercepted: the law
enforcement agents stated that they had found nothing on the
summit, but that "comments would be made after the descent."
This transmission was sent by means of "Condor One", the special
code employed by local police only in very special cases, and it
is the first and only instance of the Carabineros taking part in
this matter. 24 hours later, this unit was relieved military
personnel dispatched to the area to take charge of the
investigation. Independent researchers carried out a survey
among the local population to confirm in detail all of the
information on what transpired as of the moment that the
military forces cordoned off the area.
A Military Operation
Military personnel did not restrict its investigation to the
residents of Paihuano--it extended the operation to cover the
neighboring towns of Pisco Elquí and Monte Grande, aside from
"combing" nearby hills to expel the local muleteers. This
correspondent's investigation, conducted jointly with military
analyst and local researcher Roderick Bowen, was able to
ascertain that local hotels reported an increase in the demand
for lodging by U.S citizens who in all instances claimed to be
tourists.
On Friday, October 9, several eyewitnesses described the arrival
of trucks bearing uniformed personnel. Residents of the sector
nearest the hill, including the goatherds who customarily make
use of secondary alternative routes, were issued orders to
refrain from ascending the hill and to stay away from the
location.
A goatherd who was in the rear of Las Mollacas, and who will not
state his name for fear of reprisals, claims having seen the
arrival of unmarked helicompters. These vehicles worked
tirelessly from midneite until the early hours of Friday the 9th
to hoist the object on metallic nets. It was subsequently
installed in containers which were dragged to the positions
occupied by large trucks belonging to the armed forces.

Researcher Patricio Díaz, who lives in the area, managed to
collect several accounts from locals who described the nocturnal
operations of these unmarked choppers as they lit vast part of
the hill and recovered the strange object on its summit, which
shined intensely throughout Thursday the 8th before the startled
eyes of Paihuano's residents. Omar Prieto, manager of the
"Gabriela Mistral" tourist resort in the town of Pisco Elquí,
stated the following: "I had the chance to see it with my own
eyes. It was something like the wing of an airplane, everyone
could see it. It remained on the hill for 2 1/2 days. After
that, it disappeared during the night and there was no further
information. Soldiers and members of the Carabineros kept us
from going up the hill. Strange things are always going on here,
such as blackouts or TV interference. We don't know why."
The site used by the military as their base is known as "La
Palmilla" and is located on the slopes of the hill. The tread
marks left behind by heavy trucks were in evidence the day after
the object was collected, and intense activity was also reported
behind the hill. One witness claimed that there was a large
cleft, measuring some 5 meters long and some 40 centimeters
deep, surrounded by bootprints and heavy vehicle tracks. This
account was confirmed hours later by researchers Patricio Díaz,
Luis Sánchez Perry, Miguel Jordán and Roderick Bowen, members of
ESIO (Equipo Superior de Investigaciones Ovnilógicas), who
visited the area to conduct field research.
As of Monday the 12th, persons climbing to the summit of Las
Mollacas find stones painted the color of aluminum, clearly
giving the appearance of being some sort of premeditated
disinformation effort. Surprising hypotheses were aired to
explain the strange glare--abandonded beverage bottles, or an
optical effect caused by sunlight.
Significant Reactions

The El Tololo astronomical observatory stated unequivocally that
the phenomenon had been caused by an out-of-control weather
balloon which had fallen in Las Mollacas. However, Gustavo
Rodríguez of the Dirección General de Aeronáutica Civil and
Secretary of the Comité de Estudios de Fenómenos Aéreos Anómalos
(CEFAA) made it clear that there was no information regarding
the lauching of a weather balloon in the area, since all
activities of this sort require 48 hours advanced notice.


Strangest of all is that El Tololo assumed powers it didn't
have, even going beyond the competence of the CEFAA, while this
Air Force-dependent agency recused itself and did not even
initiate an investigation into the area, at least not
officially. DUring the interview granted to this correspondent,
General Ricardo Bermudez, CEFAA's director, stated that his
agency simply had no faith in the events occurrd at Paihuano.
However, an interesting bit of information emerged in a
subsequent conversation with Mario Dusuel, a psychiatric
consultant for CEFAA who had visited the area along with
geophysicist Carlos Leiva. Apparently, these persons collected
the testimony of a muleteer who had been visited by a captain in
the Chilean Air Force who questioned him about the object's
fall. Now then, if CEFAA officially recused itself in this case,
why then did it covertly send some of its best-qualified members
to the area?

Incident at Quebrada de Huchumi
Valle de Elquí is a special place. Its soil is rich in minerals
and even has uranium deposits which are often related to the UFO
phenomenon. On June 15, 1998, only four months prior to the
Paihuano incident, an object which had crashed into the snow in
the region known as Quebrada de Huchumi was detected, some 20
kilometers from Cerro Tololo. The crash was accompanied by a
deafening noise. Windows on many local homes shattered to pieces
while an intense, lightining-like flash gave witnesses the
impression that "night had turned into day."

The spectacular luminous phenomenon reached the localities of El
Indio and Ovalle, located at a distance of some 200 kilometers
away. Sudden storms were also detected. Eyewitnesses speak in
terms of the panic created: a local taxi driver named Juan
Veliz, who carried four passengers along the road from Paihuano
to Vicuña, felt powerless in the face of the fear that gripped
his passengers. "I'm a highly skeptical person," Veliz told
researchers. "But that night last June, my passengers were made
very nervous by a great light that flooded the entire valley.
It's as if it had suddenly become daylight. I couldn't stop them
from getting out of the vehicle in the middle of the road to
pray. The fact is that I see lights chasing me constantly when I
drive at night. These lights pop out from behind the mountains
and I get the impression tha they respond to something that's
intelligence. I've lived in this valley all my life and many
people have seen the same things I have..."
On this occasion, the Quebrada de Huchumi area was also
afflicted by a considerable amount of "official" acitivity.
According to eyewitness accounts, the object was recovered and
transferred to Vicuña aboard large, containerized military
trucks, in exactly the same way seen   months later at Paihuano.

This region is constantly visited by "flying lights" reminiscent
of the so-called "Foo Fighters". Only scant days before this
researcher arrived in the city of La Serena, that city's
lighthouse was "buzzed" by strange lights for some twenty
minutes. Local residents are familiar with these phenomena due
to their frequency.

Everything points to the fact that the authorities are trying to
cover up events which have sometimes escaped from their hands.
Too many people witnessed the object on the summit of Las
Mollacas hill. Moreover, the fear of reprisals is still palpable
when interviewing witnesses. Nevertheless, there are photos of
the helicopters busy at work in the region and recordings of
communications between the military personnel involved in the
recovery operations. All of this material is zealously guarded
to avoid complicating the lives of persons living in the area
and who have kindly provided their assistance with this
investigation. Many of them hold positions in             public
administration and even political appointments.
An Alien Spaceship?

In the light of these events, it is well worth asking if we are
facing the prospect of crashed alien vessels or the collision of
secret military prototypes. We must keep in mind that these
events coincided with the UNITAS Exercises held jointly by the
Chilean and U.S. military.

Some researchers have expressed the belief that it is precisely
when said joint exercises are held that UFO activity reaches its
highest point in Chile. But there are also considerable accounts
which support the suspicion that -- in the cases in question --
crashed alien artifacts could be involved. Thus, for example,
the research conducted in Vicuña includes the statements made by
a hospital worker who claimed having seen some strange bags
during the recovery of the remains of the Las Mollecas object.
According to his account, said bags are similar to the body bags
employed in collecting corpses.
Are we dealing with a secret military operation or a UFO crash?
The numerous accounts regarding the activities conducted to
"recover the thing that fell" cannot be ignored.
[NOTE: this article originally appeared in Año Cero No.06-119]

As we move into the 21st century, one of the primal forces of
the UFO phenomenon--the contactee experience--remains unabated
despite official scorn, controversial suicides and widespread
disappointments. Contributing Editor Manuel Carballal takes a
look at this disquieting issue.

Contactees: Talking to the Gods of the New Millennium
by Manuel Carballal
One of the most fascinating and controversial aspects of ufology
and the paranormal emerged from the United States precisely at
mid-century: the Contactee Phenomenon.
It was 1952 when George Adamski, proprietor of an eatery located
at Mount Palomar, openly claimed to be in contact with the
crewmen of the flying saucers which had commanded headlines all
around the world for about five years at the time. Adamski hoped
to certify his contact experiences through a series of
spectacular photographs of the flying saucers he communicated
with--vehicles which, in his telling, came from the planet Venus
and made the journey to Earth inside colossal motherships shaped
like giant Havana cigars.

Adamski further claimed to have had physical contact with a
Venusian named Orthon, adding that he had even managed to visit
the interior of his spaceship,. However, despite his position in
the bibliography of the UFO phenomenon as the first contactee,
George Adamski wasn't the first human being to have spoken with
beings from other worlds...
Prehistory of a Phenomenon
George Adamski is, in fact, a logical by-product in the
evolution of a phenomenon such as the one involving UFOs. When a
possible extraterrestrial origin was first posited for UFOs in
the 1950s, it was forseeable that it wouldn't be long before
characters claiming to be in contact with them would step
forward. More so if extraterrestrials are portrayed as a breed
of new gods, a technified version of the Divinity adapted to the
Space Age.
The fact, however, is that the myth of gods hailing from the
stars is far older than the UFO phenomenon and flying saucers.
Texts as ancient as the Mahabarata make constant mention of gods
and demigods traveling among different worlds and stars, and the
operation of their vehicles--the vimanas--is described in a
wealth of detail.

Other even older traditions, like those of the Dogon tribe of
Mali, or in Ancient Egypt, speak insistently about the arrival
of gods from the stars and their close contact with human
beings. In short, George Adamski discovered nothing new: the
theologies of the great religions encompass all manner of
supernatural entities which at certain moments can enter into
contact with human beings: the Islamic djinn, the Hindu asuras
and devas, or Christianity's angels, archangels, seraphim,
powers, numbers, principalities, etc.
Adamski did nothing more than update [these beliefs] into the
Space Age, associating them to the recent UFO pheonomenon--a
belief that has been present at the deepest levels of
Humankind's collective unconscious since the dawn of history:
the belief that it is possible to contact other forms of non-
human sentient life.

Contact with Non-Humans
Immediately after Adamski claimed being in contact with the
"space brothers" from the planet Venus, many other U.S.
contactees, followed by European ones later, appeared on the
international landscape. The names of Daniel Fry and Howard
Menger quickly achieved popularity in the U.S., much in the same
way that Italy's Eugenio Siragusa and Switzerland's Edouard
"Billy" Meier would subsequently achieve notoriety. Even later
on, Latin Americans like Charlie and Sixto Paz would spread
contacteeism throught South America, and the inevitable
occurred: despite the fact that major contactees tried to break
free from any sectarian or religious movements throughout the
second half of the 20th century, the number of UFO contact
groups   having   sectarian    and  pseudoreligious   structures
proliferates to this very day.

The dreadful mass suicide staged by members of the Heaven's Gate
sect in San Diego as an effort to travel in spirit form to the
alien vessel allegedly concealed in the wake of Comet Hale-Bopp
shows the radical extremes of a disquieting social reality. The
fact is that the number saucer cults listed in police ledgers
all around the world, linked to high-risk religious cults, is
exceedingly high.
Groups like Hermandad Rama, the Ashtar Command, the Raelians,
Edelweiss or Nonsiamosoli, to name only a few, have been
regularly and closely observed by the authorities due to being
considered dangerous. All of them have a single thing in common:
they claim to be in contact with non-human entities which they
classify in a variety of ways--aliens, ultraterrestrials,
intraterrestrials, etc.
Over the past 45 years, these contact groups, centered around a
charismatic personality who claims having maintained personal
communication or physical contact with the "guides" from space,
have multiplied all over the globe. Many of them do not
circumscribe their cosmology to the notion that we are being
visited by space faring civilizations, rather, they add
religious elements from their respective traditions to said
cosmologies. For example, Giorgio Bongiovanni, raised in a
country with strong Catholic and Marianist traditions such as
Italy, mixes messages from the Blessed Virgin Mary, mystical
stigmata   and   the    Third  Secret   of   Fatima   with   his
extraterrestrial contact messages. Latin American contactee
Máximo Camargo includes beings such as Viracocha or Quetzalcoatl
-- drawn from pre-Colombian traditions -- to his UFO
experiences. This allows us to see the groing synchretism within
the contactee movement.
On the other hand, some skeptics have noted that the places of
origin of the alleged alien visitors has become increasingly
distant as the century progressed and space probes showed the
absence of life in the heavenly bodies nearest to Earth. Adamski
claimed that his aliens came from Venus, and Menger located his
on Mars. Charlie and Sixto Paz placed them on one of the moons
of Jupiter while Eugenio Siragusa located his own in the heart
of our very own sun. Later contactees, like Billy Meier,
relocated them out of our solar system, specifically on the
alleged planet Erra in the Pleiades.
Recent contactee movements, perhaps to avoid the possibility
that space probes will reach their guides' homeworlds too soon
and present it as a lifeless world, have sought a more ethereal
origin for their guides. The development and dissemination of
Quantum physics over the past years has provided contactees with
ideas on where to locate the point of origin of their
contactors. Thus, a growing number of contactees point to other
dimensions, parallel universes, and even antimatter universes
(!).
Therefore, it isn't reckless to predict that the future of the
contactee phenomenon, at least as related to the supposed origin
of the "guides", shall be closely linked with new discoveries in
the fields of physics and astronomy. Otherwise, hang around long
enough and you'll see.
The Technology of Alien Contact
Techniques   for  contacting   non-humans   have   also evolved
considerably along the course of the 20th century. Currently,
some groups scattered around the world claim to have picked up
radio signals from outer space through crude radio receivers
built according to the instructions given to them by the aliens
themselves. Yet this is merely one of the many ways in which
modern technology has been applied to contacteeism.

Other contactee groups, such as the vanished Más Allá sect, not
only claimed to have maintained physical and personal contact
with alleged aliens and with humans "adopted" by the
extraterrestrials -- they have shown videotapes which supposedly
portray the faces of said non-human entities. The fact of the
matter is that transcommunication techniques applied to alien
contact have grown in popularity in recent years, particularly
in Europe and Latin America.
Other contactees, such as Tefilo, have done the same by means of
spirit recordings (psychophonies): they claim to have audio
recordings in which voices or sounds made by extraterrestrials
can be heard. A similar evolution has been evinced in the world
of spiritism as regards communication techniques. It is for this
reason that well-known contactee groups such as the Aztlán Group
or Charlie Paz Wells make use of the Ouija board and automatic
writing as a means for contacting extraterrestrials.

Obsolete means of communication through typtology or by means of
automatic writing, Ouija or simiar means-- employed by both
spiritist mediums and UFO contactees alike -- gave way to
psychophonies, psychoimages and more recently, the use of
computer programs which generate random letters which could
theoretically be arranged by a non-human intelligence bent on
sending the operator messages. What will the future hold?
While few, there are already some documented cases in which
witnesses claim to have received messages from non-human
intelligences by means of fax machines, answering machines and
even e-mail. It would then seem obvious that that the evolution
of communication and human technology will always set aside a
place for these other types of communications--the allegedly
supernatural ones. Therfore, it is by no means foolish to
suggest that in the near future we will learn about alleged
contactees receiving holographic messages from aliens.
God Travels by Saucer
But the truest forecast, without a doubt, is that in the 21st
century God will travel by UFO or not at all. The popularity of
the extraterrestrial myth, as the 20th century progressed, has
managed to surpass that of other modern myths and traditions. In
many cases, statistics in favor of the belief of life in other
planets have surpassed those pertaining to belief in God, the
Virgin Mary or the hereafter.

In Spain alone, over 50% of surveyed citizens have indicated
their belief in extraterrestrial UFOs. This belief has been
promoted by the movies, television and literature. Furthermore,
in recent years we have witnessed the behavior of publicists and
marketing experts (in my opinion, the best means of gauguing
trends within a society, given that their job consists of using
the best promotional devices to sell their products). The
promotional campaigns and commercial products depicting images
of flying saucers or aliens as devices is truly infinite. Why do
P.R. specialists worldwide agree in employing the UFO image as
the best and most attractive device for their campaigns?
Evidently, because said image has proven to be among the most
profitable for their campaigns: from children's toys to fashion
and restaurant chains to the promotional efforts of the most
powerful multinational corporations. Each passing day, the
concepts of the UFO, the alien and the extraterrestrial are
increasingly present in our culture. By next century, they will
undoubtedly form an intrinsic and inseparable part of universal
belief systems.

One of the most astonishing outbreaks of Chupacabras activity
since the creature's appearance in the mid-90's occured in
Chile last year. Veteran UFO researcher Dr. Virgilio Sánchez
Ocejo, who documented the paranormal predator's activity in
Florida in 1996, visited the country to witness firsthand the
effects of these depredations.

On The Trail of the Chupacabras
by Dr. Virgilio Sánchez Ocejo (Miami UFO Center)

We shall try to summarize the most crucial elements collected
during our field research in the Chilean towns of Calama, María
Elena and Tocopila. Names will be omitted for obvious reasons,
nor will we repeat information gleaned from the reports so
kindly provided by Ms. Liliana Núñez and which can be seen in
our Miami Chupacabras website under the heading "Chupacabras in
Chile." It is unnecessary to state that we met in person with
many of the witnesses appearing in these reports to corroborate
and expand details on their accounts, which shall appear on our
website shortly.
The information appearing herein is documented with photographs,
video and recordings.
It all started on March 17, 2000, when a vast light illuminated
the skies over Calama and María Elena, being seen as far away as
Tocopila. The first attacks to occur in this 2nd Region of Chile
began on the outskirts of Calama. These are some of the
accounts: a witness told us that he was able to see "two stars"
which moved around the area whenever the attacks occured.
Another witness driving along the road from Baquedano to Calama
saw a Chupacabras-creature carrying a dead fox on the edge of
the highway. A llama and a goat were enigmatically slain within
their cages at a grammar school without the night watchman ever
hearing anything at all. Together with the school's director, we
calculated that a total of 17 liters of blood was obtained from
the slain animals and that it is impossible to know how the
Chupacabras was able to enter and exit [the cage] through a
space measuring barely 30 centimeters. A cyclist stopped in
front of the local Lions' Club when he heard a moaning sound: he
was startled beyond words to see a Chupacabras holding onto an
exsanguinated dog. Caught in the act, the creature "levitated"
toward the cyclist, still carrying the dog in its arms; gripped
by panic, the cyclist pedaled away from the area as fast as he
could. These are just some of the accounts not covered by the
local press obtained directly from the eyewitnesses.
Over the course of the days we spent in María Elena, the
testimonies we collected were so numerous that many of them are
still under evaluation. Awaiting us in the town was a group of
students we had coordinated beforehand over the Internet to
obtain statements and collect plaster casts. We were surprised
to find that a cast of one of the prints was IDENTICAL to the
print casts from the 1996 Miami attacks. Comparative study is
crucial in ufology, and it leads us to ask many questions, such
as: how is it possible that the same creatures are appearing,
now, in another country? Why did they wait 4 years [to do so]?
Taken to site where the students had made the plaster casts, we
were able to see thousands of similar prints scattered
throughout the terrain. My attention was drawn to the fact that
the site is crisscrossed by the high-voltage lines next to the
tracks employed by the local mining company's trains. The
students pointed out three strange holes with a circumference of
some 60 centimeters and 25 centimeters deep at the site. The
measurements are not exact due to the wind and dust erosion, but
I asked each of the students to stand on each of the three holes
while I climbed onto a nearby mound, photographing and
calculating the measurements of the triangle they formed: there
was a distance of 4 meters between holes A and B and some 7
meters between B and C. Had I discovered the tripodal landing
gear of a UFO that landed to disgorge the blood predators?

According to the triangle, I calculated that the object would
have had a circumference of some 30 meters and was heavy enough
to leave an imprint 25 centimeters into the ground. But that
wasn't all: from the mound on which I stood I was able to see
the thousands of prints going off in a single direction--toward
the town of María Elena. There were no prints on the sides nor
toward the back, where the tripodal landing gear marks could be
seen.
I can honestly state that the misnamed Chupacabras phenomenon is
part and parcel of the UFO phenomenon. I was able to ascertain
that it isn't a genetic terrestrial experiment, as I thought,
nor the product of some known or unknown animal. I have no doubt
that it forms part of the UFO phenomenon.

This fact will create a new chapter within the field of
research, and I'm certain that many will call it into question
and attack me. My intention isn't to convince anyone, but my
conscience will not let me conceal the evidence discovered
during my field research. I hope others may be able to verify
it.

But the matter doesn't rest here. We arrived at María Elena on
Saturday, July 22nd, and learned from eyewitnesses that at 8:30
a.m. on July 20th, the Chilean Air Force had dropped a bomb at a
location between María Elena and Pedro Valdívia. The explosion
caused tremors and shattered glass throughout María Elena,
causing panic among the population.
The first explanation spread among the townsfolk was that it was
a bomb accidentally released by a fighter. The second one is
that a Chilean Air Force jet had broken the sound barrier flying
at low altitude, and finally, that the bomb had been dropped to
kill some Jotes (vultures).
Witnesses claimed tht following the explosion, pebbles landed on
rooftops and that this had not been the only bomb dropped.
Another bomb was dropped near the town of Quillagua,
approximately 100 kilometers northwest of María Elena, on July
13th. We tried to drive along the road that leads to Pedro
Valdívia to see if we could find the crash site, but were
detoured at an intersection by the Carabineros (the Chilean
quasi-military police). The site was still cordoned off by the
authorities and cars could not pass. We were forced to return to
María Elena.

I now ask you: If I say that the Chilean Air Force bombed two
Chupacabras lairs, who is going to believe me? What type of
bombs have been designed to slay these entities? If these
entities conceal themselves in the region's caves, why didn't
they employ dynamite to seal the caves and avoid widespread
panic? What kind of pressure or desperation in controlling these
attacks the Chilean and U.S. agencies involved in the process to
choose to drop bombs in broad daylight, unmindful of the
repercussions on the inhabitants? I have more questions than I
do answers.

I was able to verify certain things, such as strange van-type
vehicles and armored cars transiting along the highways, black
helicopters flying almost noiselessly and at light-post level,
chasing a Chupacabras from one rooftop to the next. At the
Calama Airport, one witness looked under the tarp covering a
private LearJet and saw that it had a NASA logo on its tail and
wings. U.S. nationals using Mexican interpreters were seen
throughout the region.
On the other hand, the María Elena Museum featured a display
entitled Las Ofrendas del Desierto (Desert Offerings) which
explained that the Atacaman Indians made animal offerings to
their gods (UFOs). The gods (UFOs) returned the animals
completely drained of blood and the Indians consumed the flesh,
burying the remains under stone structures dubbed apachecta. The
display showes the corpse of a dog found onder one such
apachecta or ceremonial structure.
We couldn't stand before this display and not think that today,
given the absence of native peoples, that the gods (UFOs) have
created the blood-carrying Chupacabras and released them in the
communities that provided them with animal blood in ages past--
voluntarily, as offerings--to obtain the blood that they appear
to need from time to time.

In closing, I will say that in the days I spent in María Elena
it was possible not only to feel the presence of these entities
in my bedroom at night, but their foetid smell as well. When I
complained, my hosts changed my lodgings, only to have the
experience repeat itself. I was later told that under María
Elena there are caves through which these entities move about,
and that efforts have been made to clean them out due to the
foul odor that rises to the surface. What is more--upon my
return to Miami, my family was also able to perceive the smell
and we are currently trying to wash and re-wash all of my travel
garments to no effect. Even the suitcase has been left open in
the garage to see if the penetrating odor can be dispelled.
This experience was not mine alone. I was able to corroborate it
with Mr. Jaime Ferrer of the Calama UFO Center, with whom we
spent time in Calama and María Elena.

Possibly one of the most distressing aspects of the UFO
abduction phenomenon is the "bedroom visitation" scenario.
Contributing Editor and MEXICO WATCH columnist Dr. Rafael A.
Lara Palmeros gives us a physician's perspective on the
phenomenon.

UFOs, Personality and the "Visitor Experience"
by Dr. Rafael A. Lara Palmeros
In UFO research, the "visitor experience" is a central theme in
normal people who report UFO phenomena, and has been reported in
a variety of forms over the centuries. Following the experience,
there are behavioral changes and alterations in the perception
and interpretation of unusual events.
The "visitor experience" is a more intese variant of the "sense
of presence", a phenomenon frequently reported by normal people
(approximately 30% out of 500 adults who have been evaluated in
neuroscience laboratories over the past 15 years have reported
such experiences. The presence is felt most frequently in the
early morning hours, if the person is asleep, and he/she will
awaken suddenly, often feeling a sense of fear or immobility.
These experiences are thought to be correlated with mesiobasal
(amygdaloid-hypnocampal) portions of the temporal lobes. These
areas of the brain are associated, inter alia, with the
experience of meaningfulness, the sense of self and its
relationship to space-time (with its religious or "cosmic"
association), fear, dreams, the experience of movement (such as
spinning or floating), smell, and the retrieval and storage of
memory. Consequently, there should be--and there are--references
to a sense of presence, feelings of spinning or floating, or
vibrations, dreamlike sequences and fear (or irritability).
Given that an important part of the temporal lobe receives
visual information from the edges of the visual field,
flickering sensations can occur in upper peripheral vision.

If the neural substrate of the "visitor experience" is
characterized by transient electrochemical fluctuations withing
the temporal lobe structure, then: a) the phenomenological
nautre of these experiences should reflect temporal lobe
functions, and b) people with personality profiles that are
strongly correlated with temporal lobe lability should be prone
to having these experiences. Both of these observations have
been substantiated by clinical evidence. That either endogenous
or exogenous (surgical) stimulation of deep temporal lobe
structures--such as the hippocampus and especially the amygdala,
can   evoke   specific   pheonmenological   patterns,  is   well
established. Patients with partial complex or limbic (temporal
lobe) epilepsy frequently report such symptoms as a sense of a
presence; depersonalization (feelings of unreality or out-of-
the-body experiences); hearing and/or knowning from    "internal
stources", vestibular sensations, anxiety or panic. Females may
have erotic experiences. Visual phenomena vary from shadows,
entities or colors in the peripheral field to complex animated
sequences dominated by substantial fantasy elements that are not
always simple reiterations of personal experience.
Most importantly, the percipient is frequently convinces the
what he or she has perceived is real; although details may not
be clear, the person is sure that something profound has
occurred.
Typial behaviors betweens seizures included a widening of
affect; multiple references to psi phenomena; the conviction
that one has communed with an entity or god and has been chosen
for a special destiny; hypergraphia--obsession with themes such
as the nature of the universe--and the desire to proselytize.
Invariably tehre is amnesia and a history of time loss.
Affective disorders and alterations in sexual behavior are
common. There is now evidence of a continuum of temporal
lability or sensitivity. People who display complex partial
epilepsy without convulsions occuply the extreme portion of this
continuum.
One prototypic account of "visitor experience" offers ample
support to the temporal lobe factor: Whitley Streiber's
Communion, a classic UFO abduction report. The experience was
associated with the predominant metaphor of the sense of a
presence, swirling or vortical sensations, internal vibrations,
floating sensations, alterations in perception, frank psi
phenomena and a deep sense of meaning. The person developed the
conviction that he was chosen, and the desire emerged to deliver
the cosmic message to mankind. The experinece was invariably
considered to be "real".
Streiber's description of fundamentally aversive sensatiosn
(associated with intense smells, hypervigilance and anal
sphincter images) should reflect anomalous activity within the
anterior parahippocampal gyrus, with special involvement of the
amygdaloid complex and the adjacent uncus.
One of the most common features of the UFO experience is the
encoutner with small humanoids who often have large heads, thus
resembling a human foetus. There is evidence that these
experiences are adult modifications of perinatal memories. It
has been established that the foetus has the cerebral capacity
to detect and consolidate the experience.
On the other hand, severe trauma, such as early sexual abuse,
could be equally effective because of the consquent repression
of unpleasant memories serving as source material for the
experience. The importance of the temporal lobe factor is
strongly suggested by the moderate intercorrelations in patient
populations between temporal lobe epilepsy, multiple personality
disorders and early child abuse.

                           EX LIBRIS:
         A Random Sampling of Hispanic Ufology in Print

The new millennium is hitting the ground running, judging by the
rumble of printing presses overseas. In our next issue we hope
to be able to bring you a review of Contributing Editor Manuel
Carballal's landmark book on Spain's intelligence agency, the
CESID, and its role in a number of cover-ups, capers and covert
activity, some of it having to do with UFOs. We heard on the
grapevine that Contributing Editor Lucy Guzmán and her husband
Orlando Plá are working on a book that is to be released later
this year. Stay tuned for details.
Proof that contacteeism is alive and well south of the border
can   be   found  in   Martha    Rosenthal's   Hermanos  de   las
Estrellas...¿Donde Están? (Caracas:Editorial Texto, 2001. 205
pages. ISBN-980-07-6960-9) which we can perhaps translate as
"Wherefore   Art   Thou,   Space    Brothers?"   without  causing
Shakespearean scholars too much distress. Although contacteeism
is a spent force in the United States, it occupies a privileged
position in South America, where the usually blond, benign non-
humans are believed to be on a mission to give mankind a boost
up the evolutionary ladder (where have I heard that metaphor
before? Hmmm...). The book contains transcripts of dialogues
(telepathic or through automated writing) with entities such as
Amir and Ashtar -- the latter a fixture of contacteeism around
the world -- and quotes from experiencers. Dr. Rosenthal sums up
her beliefs as follows: "The contactee experience can be an
extraordinary experience from the standpoint of growth, or else
can lead the percipient to believe that he or she has been
"chosen". A significant number of the latter imbue the
experience with a certain religious element. In this way, they
have demarcated contacteeism with promises of salvation based on
the erroneous possibility of a millennial apocalypse, from which
Messianic messages tend to arise."
Hermanos de las Estrellas...¿Donde Están? is a thoughtful, well-
written venture into the contactee gestalt. INEXPLICATA gives it
   
Ordering information: contact <martha@eldish.net>
Although long since out of print, Ignacio Cabria García's Entre
Ufologos, Creyentes y Contactados (Santander: Cuadernos de
Ufología,1993. 295 pages, ISBN 84-604-7077-6) is a summa of
Spain's contentious ufological history since the 1950s.
Described by the author as "a social history of UFOs in Spain,
the book is a marvelous blend of cultural and societal forces
which shaped belief in the phenomenon (movies, television
programs, books etc.) and the colorful personalities who were
there at the beginning. The reader can find similes between
Fernando Sesma and Jim Moseley, Eduardo Buelta and Grey Barker -
- apparently similar personality types were attracted to ufology
at the time on both sides of the Atlantic.
Cabria peppers his book with photographs, charts and maps as he
discusses the ebb and flow of belief in aliens and
extraterrestrial spaceships, the rise of the skeptical movement,
and the three distinct generations of Spanish UFO researchers.
At 295 pages, Entre Ufologos, Creyentes y Contactados is a
world-class treatment of regional ufology which deserves to be
alongside any similar compilation from the U.S. or the U.K.

INEXPLICATA unhesitatingly gives it an unheard-of       
Ordering Information: Cuadernos de Ufologia, Rualasal 22, 39001
Santander, España


                         MEXICO WATCH:
        Keeping an Eye on our Southern Neighbor's Skies

MEXICO: HIGHLIGHTS FOR THE YEAR 2000
by Dr. Rafael A. Lara Palmeros
In the wake of the Millennial fever that shook the world, our
country continued providing us an endless array of events
concerning not only UFOs, but cryptoarchaeology, paranormal
phenomena and cryptozoology as well.

This is a detailed report on the most outstanding events that
took place in the Year 2000.
January 5, 2000: At 00:35 hrs. on January 5, 2000, a
considerable number of witnesses observed a large object moving
at a moderate speed over the skies of Alto Lucero and Mesa de
Guadalupe in the state of Veracruz. Numerous witnesses describe
the object as being a square structure that gave off a reddish-
yellow light without making a single sound. A photograph taken
by one "Mr. Ruiz" shows a polygonal shape with well defined
contours, yellow in color on a dark background. While some local
papers published said photograph, we do not know the technical
characteristics of the still camera or the film employed.
February 14, 2000: On this day, one of the most important UFO
cases in Mexico's UFO history took place. Countless witnesses,
including radio operators, civilians and more importantly,
police officers, saw a UFO some 10 meters in diameter with
spotlights that gave off a variety of colors (green, blue, red,
etc.) flying over Mexico City for over an hour. It received
extraordinary coverage in the media, both radio and television,
though mainly by the "TV Azteca" network, which provided
detailed information on the event. Some enthusiasts, however,
did not hesitate to describe it as "the most important UFO event
of the Millennium..."(sic). The main sighting took place in
Azcapotzalco, in northern Mexico City. The Institute of Hispanic
Ufology provided ample details to its English-speaking readers
through its Inexplicata journal.
February 23, 2000: At 2:45 a.m. on this day, it became possible
to observe strange lights over the coastline of Veracruz as they
moved toward the sea in the vicinty of Isla de Sacrificios,
scant kilometers away from the port of Veracruz itself.
FIshermen Francisco Domínguez, Aurelio Estrada and Luis Martínez
encountered a circular structure, of undetermined weight, which
shone in the early morning darkness. They report the incident to
the harbormaster's office on the 24th, which in turn notifies
the Instituto Tecnológico de Veracruz. This writer went to the
port of Veracruz to see this object, which was a light ochre
colored sphere with clear signs of having experienced high
temperatures after passing through the atmosphere. It was about
16 centimeters tall with an estimated weight of 30 kilogrmas.
The object was ultimately removed to the Instituto Tecnologico
de Veracruz for subsequent analysis. To date, its composition
and ultimate fate are unknown. Despite our insistence on the
matter, no reply has been forthcoming.
March 13, 2000: In the settlement of Los Limones, in the state
of Veracruz, archaeology students of the Universidad Veracruzana
led by Lic. Marino Real Trujillo and this writer, discovered an
important archaeological area composed of primitive pyrmands,
remains of ancient pottery and above all, an astounding number
of   petroglyphs   arranged   in    enormous   boulders.   Spirals,
concentrinc lines, human shapes apparently moving through the
air in structures resembling cabins, can be clearly made out.
This area, barely 5 kilometers away from Los Limones, is unknown
from an archaeological standpoint, and it has not been possible
to place it within a given Pre-Hispanic period. We must note
that the Director of the Museum of Anthropology and Archaeology
of the State of Veracruz, Dr. Rubén Morante, was advised of the
discovery and he subsequently visited the area to confirm the
events.
April 20, 2000: On this day, a multidisciplinary study which
included    2   clinical    neurologists,    1   neurosurgeon,    3
psychiatrists    a   specialist    in   hypnotic    regression,   3
psychologists and a pneumo-allergy specialist focused on the
strange experiences undergone by 16 individuals, ranging from
rural primary school instructors to rabbit and armadillo
hunters, who had encountered strange spherical lights, some of
them aggressive, and apparently experienced a loss of time.
Electroencephalographic tests, psychological tests, frontal and
lateral cranial X-rays, angiographies of the carotid artery and
CAT scans proved that none of the sixteen cases showed any signs
of pathology. In other words, no evidence of mental, physical or
psychic illness was discovered. However, two of the patients
presented X-ray images showing unusual structures with metallic
characteristics located at the cranial level. One of them
underwent a craneotomy, revealing the presence of metallic
material composed of nickel and small amounts of titanium. All
of this research was supported with video and audio backup with
the consent of the persons studied. A preliminary report was
published within the country in a UFO magazine. All of the cases
originate in the Chavarrillo region and "Rancho Viejo", located
some 3 kilometers from the state capital of Veracruz. These
areas are well-known for their UFO sightings.
May 16, 2000: Renowned Monterrey residents Jerónimo Flores and
Santiago Iturria reported the presence of a large silver-hued,
metallic object flying at a low altitude along the slopes of
Cerro de la Silla in a heavily populated area. The photographs
taken were analyzed and appear to be authentic. Curiously,
reports of a strange winged creature, approximately three feet
tall, became intensified. The entity is covered with something
similar to feathers and has enormous round eyes: it is dubbed
"Owl-Man".
May 27, 2000: Medical tests begin in earnest on a 27 year-old
woman known only as "Diana" who claims to be beset by unusual
paranormal experiences (clairvoyance, dermovision, poltergeist
phenomena at home, etc.) following contact with strange luminous
spheres measuring between 7 and 8 meters in diameter which
appeared in her back yard in the city of Jalapa, Veracruz. the
studies took place in the presence of a psychiatrist, her
mother, her boyfriend, a family friend and this writer. Initial
psychological tests were normal, as were her cranial X-rays. A
CAT scan has not yet been scheduled.
June 21, 2000: At 00:40 hrs, massive luminous objects are
reported over the Alchichica Lagoon, an area known for its major
UFO sightings   and electromagnetic anomalies. Said objects (a
total of three) were approximately 300 meters over the lagoon
surface and were disk-shaped, glowing with an intense yellow
light and enveloped in a kind of "fog". There were some twenty
eyewitnesses to this display, between local residents and
persons interested in the UFO phenomenon. The entire event
lasted some 2 minutes and was captured by several videotape
cameras. Alchichica is located on the state line between
Veracruz and Puebla.
August 15, 2000: Following a decades-long delay, the important
declassified documents obtained by researchers Stan Gordon and
Scott Corrales through the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) are
made known in Mexico. Said document details the events of
February 7, 1967 in the town of General Terán in the state of
Nuevo Leon, and NASA's confidential involvement in the recovery
of an odd spherical artifact seemingly made of titanium.
Following a conscientious analysis by Abernathy, the U.S.
investigator on site, it was determined that the object was
probably a rocket component. However, the investigator returned
to Washington in March 1967 to prepare a full report. According
to confidential sources, said document was indeed prepared and
the case remains a mystery. This case was made public by a
Mexican magazine specializing in the subject of UFOs.
September 2, 2000: A million-dollar scam involving Jaime Maussán
Flota becomes public knowledge. In earlier months, Ing. Arturo
Roble Gil appears before Maussán to provide him with photographs
about an alleged UFO seen in the Santa Fé, Presa Madin, Condado
de Sayavedra region. Without any prior investigation of either
the photograph or the place it was taken, Maussán seizes the
photgraphs and parades their author on a number of Televisa
programs, showing him off and boasting that these are the best
photographs of the century (sic). Said photos are presented on
the Hoy TV program, on which Maussán was interviewed by Alfredo
Adame, as well as the Otro Rollo and Cristina shows. The Mexican
researcher claims to be fully convinced of the authenticity of
said photographs, and bases the promotional poster for the Third
World Congress on the UFO phenomenon on them. The poster
promoted the names of Sergio Ruiz Garcia, Victor Quezada,
Maussán and Ing. Arturo Robles Gil, the copyright holder.
However, 8 months after researching the case, it is considered
to be a hoax, creating a conflict between Televisa and
Television Azteca which ends with the dismissal of several
indivduals, includign Sergio Ruiz García, a noted recipient of
the Golden Palm award for journalism. This hoax becomes yet
another involving Maussán, his subordinates and collaborators
(such as the Carlos Díaz case, Zacapu, Michoacán, etc.).
October 5, 2000: Sightings of the so-called Owl-Man intensify in
the mountainous region of Nuevo León. Several local communities
associate the presence of said entity with animal mutilations.
Unfortunately, Spain's Karma-7 magazine publishes an article
associating this entity with the Chupacabras and makes it
responsible for the animal deaths.
October 23, 2000: An important Pre-Hispanic region is found on
the border between the states of Puebla and Veracruz in a
location known as El Triunfo. Most notable is the presence of a
cliff some seven meters high by twenty meters wide holding an
infinite number of antropomorphic, zoomorphic, spiral and other
figures, apparenltly fishes, and a considerable number of
engraved signs. It took three days and nights to outline the
petroglyphs in order to make them legible. The area, hitherto
unstudied, has remained so for centuries. To date it has not
been possible to classify it within a given Pre-Hispanic period.
November 3, 2000: An unidentified person provides Lic. Marino
Leal Trujillo a photograph-- showing three lights forming an
apparent triangle--taken one or two weeks earlier in the town of
Chavarrillo, Veracruz, (notorious for its UFO sightings) during
a family celebration. Nearly 40 witnesses attested having seen a
great brightness that was apparently related to a large
"floodlight". One of the guests at the party took a photo of the
light; upon developing it, the presence of 2 other lights
forming a triangle was noticed. The photographs were then given
to me and after interviewing Lic. Leal Trujillo and photo's
authenticity was confirmed after showing it to a number of
experts. The electronic and print media gave little coverage to
this event.
November 27, 2000: In view of the insistence by a UFO-related
publication, an effort is made to reopen the case involving the
"foam-rubber alien" found in Jalapa. It now turns out that on
April 19, 2000, Sixto Paz Wells paid a visit to the "contactee"
who owns the alleged extraterrestrial to tell him that the foam
rubber figure indeed hailed from Zeta Reticuli (???) and that it
was very important that the case be made known, since the
investigation conducted by this author was "baseless" (???). The
magazine in question ordered its correspondent in Jalapa to
reopen the case and determine the extraterrestrial origin of the
foam rubber figure.
