{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T19:19:32Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 80568, "source_ctime_ns": 1790191680795871809, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-07.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790191680788498653, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-07.pdf", "source_sha256": "b0ed178375d4a64e2cd514151277e26f1adb7ee25dea6bbbe470004077a11c06"}

INEXPLICATA
                The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
                           Issue # 7
                          Fall 2000

     INEXPLICATA is the official journal of the Institute of
     Hispanic Ufology, an organization dedicated to increasing
     and promoting information and awareness on UFO and
     paranormal research in Spain, the Caribbean, Central and
     South America.
Editor
     Scott Corrales
Contributing Editors
     Manuel Carballal (Spain)
     Willie Durand Urbina (Puerto Rico)
     Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros (Mexico)
     Lucy Guzmán de Plá (Puerto Rico)

     Don't be left out of the debate! Join INEXPLICATA's on-line
     chat group at <inexplicata@egroups.com> and visit our web
     site at http://www.inexplicata.com


                      ARTICLES AND FEATURES
Ground Truth: The Mexican CE2K's Examined
by Scott Corrales ............................................. 1
UFOs: A Deadly Peril
by Javier García Blanco ...................................... 10
Chupacabras Reappears in Chile
by Raúl Núñez ................................................ 13
We've All Gone Saucer-Happy!
by Manuel Carballal .......................................... 16
CE3K in Aguas Buenas, Puerto Rico
by Lucy Guzmán de Plá ........................................ 20
Former Airliner Pilot Says: "I Saw A UFO"
by Pedro Madueño ............................................. 23
Ex Libris
(book reviews) ............................................... 25
    If You're A Scientist--Please Don't Read This


WARNING: The Institute of Hispanic Ufology accepts no
liability whatsoever for any paradigm shifts, heartburn or
other maladies experienced from reading this editorial.

Well, with that unpleasant business out of the way, let's
get down to brass tacks: the Chupacabras, the paranormal
predator that left bloodless animals and terrified humans
in its wake 5 years ago, has returned with renewed
intensity thousands of miles from its original stomping
grounds in the Caribbean and Mesoamerica. The entity has
caused havoc in northern Chile's salt producing regions
since late March or early April 2000, and shows no signs of
stopping.
One creature or many? Reports describe simian creatures,
glowing vampiric entities, and four-legged monstrosities
with glowing yellow eyes. The Chilean version of the
Chupacabras appears to be much more proficient than the
"Mark 1" version--if newspaper accounts are to be taken
seriously, the animal deaths now rise into the thousands,
leaving the original death toll far behind. More ominous
are the (completely unconfirmed) suggestions that an
international effort may be afoot to conceal Chupacabras
activity in the South American locations in question.
To the frustration and anger of many, Chupacabras remains a
journalistic phenomenon lacking any conclusive proof.
Samples of hair gathered from the crime scenes are under
the control of the Chilean state police and public
disclosure--although mandated by that country's courts--is
unlikely. Researcher Dr. Virgilio Sanchez Ocejo recently
visited that country (in the throes of the worst winter in
history) and returned convinced that something is indeed
happening in the small salt-mining communities of Calama
and Maria Elena: sleepy desert towns whose everyday
existence has been shattered by this unwanted, unwelcome
phenomenon.


Scott Corrales
Editor, INEXPLICATA
Director, Institute of Hispanic Ufology
Ground Truth: The Mexican CE-IIs Examined
by Scott Corrales
     A tired nocturnal driver rubs his eyes, groggy and unable
to face the prospect of the monotonous drive through a rugged
landscape barely illuminated by his headlights. He pulls off the
road into the parking lot of an abandoned diner. As he collects
his thoughts, an eerie glow bathes his vehicle: not too far
away, saucer-shaped object is slowly about to land, its powerful
lights making the desert sand acquire an orange glow. Completely
dumbfounded, the driver can do little more than stare at the
events unfolding before him...
     These images mark the introduction to one of the most
memorable television series to ever approach the subject of
UFOs: the original The Invaders, starring Roy Thinnes. While one
hundred percent science fiction, the series opening shots
replicated an oft-repeated feature of real-life UFO chronicles
and the event which would later become known as a "close
encounter of the second kind" or CE-II.
     CE-IIs are not as impressive as CE-IIIs--otherwise
Spielberg's 1977 movie would have probably not achieved the
levels of success it did.      In his recent work The UFO Book
(Visible Ink, 1997), UFO historian Jerome Clark rightly suggests
that "by their nature, CE-IIs ought to be the most important of
all UFO cases," (p.83) given the fact that the physical traces
left behind by putative alien craft may actually lead to a
better understanding--if not prove--the phenomenon's existence
and origin. Overshadowed by more compelling accounts of alien
contact and abduction, CE-IIs have been relegated to "supporting
actor" status and have played a minor role throughout the 1990s.
     But the very decade which chose to downplay them has
experienced some of the best cases of this type, as we shall
see.

     Car 16156, Where Are You?

     It was a regular nocturnal patrol for officers Enrique
Torres Sedeño and Israel Valdivia Gutiérrez: the seemingly
endless beat of the Gustavo A. Madero delegación (precinct)
driving through the darkened streets of the world's most
congested city in squad car 16156. The city's police force had
been on the receiving end of controversy in recent years, with
allegations of kidnapping and murder being brought against its
officials, and the less-than-glowing reputation that its
supervisors and lieutenants had earned since the 1970s excesses
of Superintendent Durazo's corrupt tenure. But like in any other
city in the world, the patrolman's lot remained to serve and
protect the community...even in situations that escaped any
police academy training.
     At around two o'clock a.m. on the morning of February 14,
2000, a bright light coming from a soccer field located within
the Center of Technical Research and Investigation facing
Vocational Scholl #8 in the Santo Tomas drew the patrolmen's
attention. Suspecting a fire, the police cruiser headed straight
for that direction. Now, months later, the officers wish it had
indeed been a fire or something similar. At first, they could
not believe what they were seeing: suspended in mid-air, some
ten feet off the ground, was a strange artifact projecting an
array of intense multicolored lights and two searchlight beams
which changed hues from red to green and blue. In spite of their
astonishment, the patrolmen managed to estimate the unknown
object's diameter at some 10 meters. The powerful lights
suddenly became intermittent, and a slight buzzing described as
similar to the sound "produced by whirling a stick at the end of
a piece of string" became apparent. This was too much already,
even for seasoned veterans of the mean streets of Mexico City.
One of the patrolmen grabbed the microphone from the dashboard
and promptly radioed the dispatcher for assistance. The local
time was 02:13 a.m.; the object remained visible for a little
longer before staging a sudden disappearance at 02:20 a.m.,
leaving Gutiérrez and Dueñas with the only tangible evidence of
their close encounter with the unknown: both officers' analog
wristwatches were frozen at 02:20 a.m., magnetized by whatever
strange energy issued from the shining object. As in hundreds of
UFO cases before this one, the timepieces would never work
again.
     Perhaps the most curious note the encounter is that when
the patrolmen left their vehicle to enter the research center
and get to the football field above which the vehicle hovered,
they were prevented from doing so by members of the building's
security force--evidence of a basic lack of trust in the city's
watchmen and their motives.
     Mexico's Secretariat of Public Safety's dispatchers did not
tarry in alerting other units throughout the city about the
bizarre events which had just taken place in Santo Tomás: the
crews of police cruisers 16079 and 11616 of the Azcapotzalco
Precinct, along with units 01127, 01899, 01875, 01127 y 13843 of
the Gustavo A. Madero precinct, would eventually radio in to
report contact with the multicolored intruder, which was seen
again at 02:45 local time in another neighborhood of the same
area. The crew of unit 01127 reported having seen the object
flying   over  the   Palmititla  neighborhood,   not  far   from
Chiquihuite Hill in the Gustavo A. Madero precinct, where it
would remain for 12 minutes.
At 03:10 local time, the purported UFO was already on the other
side of the city, this time over the rural area known as
Desierto de los Leones, not far from a police station. Here, the
object remained in view for only three minutes before vanishing
suddenly, as it done earlier. By 03:13 a.m., the dispatcher for
the Secretariat of Public Safety would advise its patrol cars
that the unidentified flying object had disappeared in a
southerly direction behind Tenayo Hill in the municipality of
Tlanepantla, state of Mexico, and that its whereabouts were
unknown.
     As if the 16 pairs of eyes belonging to the "trained
observers" prescribed by ufological dictum were not enough,
there was independent corroboration for the case from a third
trained observer, newspaper photographer Saúl Navarro, who
managed to take photographs of the object while covering a story
involving protesters from Mexico's national university (UNAM)
outside a detention center known as Reclusorio Norte.
     While capturing the images of the protestors and their tent
city erected outside the jail, Navarro became aware of a "bright
light which remained perfectly still beside Chiquihuite Hill,"
as he would later testify.
     His task in the area completed, was heading toward his car
when he noticed that the lights on the strange object next to
the hill were beginning to blink. "It was still, and couldn't
have been an airplane, given an airplane's inability to remain
suspended in mid-air. It suddenly resumed motion until it
hovered above the rooftop of a nearby house for some 10 to 15
seconds. After that, the object lost itself behind the tree
line." Navarro also confirmed the multicolored flashes of light
seen by the patrolmen.
     It could perhaps be argued that the Azcapotzalco event does
not represent a "true CE-II" because the unidentified object in
question never actually touched the ground. Still, the stopping
of the patrolmen's wristwatches would meet the criterion of
"exerting temporary or permanent effects on machinery" that the
definition calls for.
     Curiously enough, Officer Valdivia would later relate that
he and his partner were equipped with photo cameras as part of
their standard gear for photographing suspects at the time of
arrest, but that none of the photos taken of the Azcapotzalco
saucer came out. Another of the police cruisers--16105--was also
unsuccessful in taking photos of the object. The effects on
machinery also extended to a cellular phone aboard squad car
16074, whose battery was completely drained at the site. The
phone itself is allegedly inoperable as well.
     The Azcapotzalco events were submitted to the court of
public opinion on July 11, 2000, when Mexico's Marta Susana talk
show held an open forum on the event, featuring the tried-and-
true "skeptics vs. believers" format which has come to
characterize UFO debates in that country. The police officers
were joined on the stage by two air traffic controllers--Enrique
Kolbeck and Alfonso Salazar--who stressed the importance of the
UFO phenomenon and the fact that it is a classified matter in
most countries. The controllers mentioned the startling fact
that some three hundred UFO incidents had occurred over Mexican
air facilities in the past five years, most notable among them
being an incident in which an airliner's landing gear was struck
by an unknown object.
     Much research has yet to be conducted in this case (as of
this writing, no medical information been forthcoming about any
effects on the patrolmen's health), but the fact that the event
occurred over Mexico's Center of Technical Research and
Investigation has created a compelling rumor: Dr. Rafael Lara
Palmeros, research coordinator for the Center for the Study of
Paranormal Phenomena (CEFP, in Spanish) has been advised that
biological   specimens   in   the   institution's   laboratories
experienced "mutation and growth" as a result of the object's
presence. But until confirmation for this can be obtained, it
remains just another tantalizing rumor.


But Why Chiquihuite Hill?
     An interesting article by Mexican researcher Roberto S.
Contreras (Inexplicata #1, Fall 1998) suggests that Chiquihuite
Hill, mentioned several times during the northern Mexico city
events earlier this year, is inextricably tied to the UFO
phenomenon for many years. It would seem that this geological
formation and its vicinity are a "place of pilgrimage" for
strange vehicles, to judge by the " lights of bright color and
metallic hues which appear to scan the ground in search of
something unknown and incomprehensible to local residents", as
Contreras puts it.
     In late 1995, two brothers climbed onto the roof of their
house at dusk to take snapshots of an adjacent pig pen in order
attract potential buyers for their animal husbandry business.
Upon developing the photos, one of the brothers discovered on
film a golden object suspended in mid-air which had not been
visible at the time the pictures were taken. The strange golden
object had managed to appear in a number of scenes which showed
the animals, the surrounding trees, and other local landmarks. A
lens flare? The brothers tended to think not.
     Contreras's article also notes that the area is prone to
visits by diminutive fireballs or bolides which "appear to be
fire, and remain static for seconds or minutes prior to making
sudden and incredible changes in direction. On other occasions,
the objects seem to be looking for something, only to disappear
as suddenly as they appeared."
Mexico's History of CE-IIs
     In 1957, when most ufologists were still debating the
wisdom of publishing reports indicating that UFOs could in fact
land and leave ground traces, Mexican newspaper El Universal
Gráfico published a comprehensive account on the alleged landing
of a discoidal object in the community farms of San Juan de
Aragón, an event witnessed by farmer Gilberto Espinoza. Although
the incident had taken place in November of the preceding year,
the newspaper ran its story in January 1958.
     A decade later, while on their way to visit a number of
South American locations, Jim and Coral Lorenzen took advantage
of a layover in Mexico City to meet with APRO correspondent
Jesús H. Garibay. APRO's "man in Mexico" proceeded to brief the
organization's directors on the most significant cases at the
time. One of them involved two witnesses (a father and daughter)
to the landing and takeoff of a UFO, with the added benefit of
the photographs taken of the event.
     "The principal witness," wrote Coral Lorenzen, "is a
mechanical engineer, and the other is his daughter. On May 6,
1967, the two were driving between Durango and Mazatlán. At
11:00 a.m., they spotted a disc-shaped object on the ground off
the highway. They stopped the car and took three photos as the
object was taking off. The first shows the object at the level
of the treetops, partially hidden by a tree. Two parts of its
landing gear are clearly shown. The second shows the object
apparently in flight against the clear sky: no landing gear are
visible in this exposure. The third photo showed nothing. APRO
is still on the track of this set of photos, and not knowing if
the principals want publicity or not, we have decided not to
release any names at this time." (UFOs Over the Americas,
Signet, 1968 p.65)
     A glance at Mexico's ufological history reveals a number of
cases in which fly-overs by unexplained vehicles resulted in
physical effects. A fair share of such cases occurred in the
1960's, when widespread electrical blackouts appear to have been
UFO-induced. During the month of September 1965 , the city of
Cuernavaca, some fifty miles south of Mexico City, would suffer
three separate power failures. The Ultima Hora newspaper
indicated that the blackout had been caused by a large luminous
flying saucer which crossed the heavens over the city--an
inverted soup-bowl device which was seen not only by thousands
of citizens but by city mayor Emilio Riva Palacios, who was
attending the opening of a film festival with members of his
cabinet. The lights went out during the showing, and upon going
outside, the city fathers were treated to the sight of the
massive object's glow, which reportedly filled all of Cuernavaca
valley.
     But the force behind all these aerial phenomena appeared to
be enamored of la capital, Mexico City, with its juxtaposition
of massive colonial structures, modern skyscrapers and ancient
ruins: it chose September 16, 1965-- the one hundred fifty-fifth
anniversary of Mexico's independence from Spain, to manifest
half a dozen luminous objects over the city's skies, casting
downtown Mexico City into unbreakable gridlock as drivers left
their vehicles to take a better look at the phenomenon.
Newspapers reported that aviation authorities had received in
excess of five thousand telephone calls from people asking if
they had also seen platillos voladores.    On September 25th, a
citizenry weary of craning their necks skyward endured another
leisurely display of the unknown as a vast luminous body passed
overhead, remaining motionless for a while before shooting out
of sight at a terrific speed. Only days later, two smaller
objects would buzz the gilded dome of Mexico's Palacio de Bellas
Artes, a turn of the century structure that dominates La Alameda
park. The early evening sighting was witnessed by a few dozen
people waiting at a bus stop; they described the objects as
"enormous luminous bodies with intermittent sparkling lights."
     By this point in time, some of the world's major newspapers
had picked up on Mexico's saucer situation. Paris's Le Figaro
reprinted an editorial from Italy's Corriere della Sera on the
subject: "Mexico City International Airport has officially
recorded, of late, some three thousand cases of mysterious
apparitions described in detail. At nightfall, people gather on
the terraces and balconies of their homes to search the
skies...a clamor of voices can occasionally be heard, saying:
"There goes one! Can you see it?" Invariably, what follows is
this: traffic is paralyzed on neighboring streets, since drivers
also want to partake of the spectacle. The roadways grind to a
halt, leading to monstrous traffic jams. After a while,
witnesses to tho the event are willing to swear that the
presence of platillos voladores causes engines to stall and
plunges homes into darkness. Throughout Mexico, the number of
blackouts has been inexplicably high..."
Multiple Witnesses to a UFO CE-II

     The experts have always insisted that "one witness is no
witness", despite the fact that the bulk of ufology is made up
of precisely such single-witness encounters and experiences.
However, when twenty children and their school teacher see a
phenomenon that is at first blush unidentifiable, then the
"quality of the witnesses" becomes an issue. In any event, the
multiple witness sighting which stirred the residents of Poza
Rica, Veracruz on May 22, 1992 was classified by the local media
as a bona-fide encounter with the unknown.
     Second grade instructor Zita Azuaria described the case to
reporters from a the Mexican tabloid INSOLITO, who covered the
event. She indicated that it was a very warm, sunny day and that
the time was 10:30 a.m., when all the children were enjoying
recess by playing in the school's basketball court. According to
Ms. Azuaria, a number of children soon approached her, claiming
to have seen a bright flash produced by what they held to be a
spacecraft.
     "The children were telling me: "Maestra, it's a flying
saucer!" but I paid them no attention. They came to find me at
least two or three times and event then I paid them no
attention. It wasn't until eleven o'clock, when we were heading
back to the classroom, that I noticed all of them looking
skyward. Once inside the room, I started assigning work, but
noticed that a few students were missing."
     Upon asking their whereabouts, Ms. Azuara was told by the
other children that they were outside looking at the flying
saucer. Intrigued, she decided to take a look for herself,
followed by the students.
     "It wasn't saucer-shaped," she told journalists. It
resembled a wall-like structure, like a highly polished mirror,
at least three meters tall. It was at least three kilometers
away from our location, and there are small hills and a lot of
vegetation in between."
     Ms. Azuara detailed some of the children to inform one of
her colleagues to witness the event. When the colleague arrived,
the scintillating structure wobbled and appeared to have been
sucked into the ground. It emerged once more to everyone's
amazement, then vanished into the ground once more. "Later that
afternoon," she continued. "the authorities phoned me at home
and asked me to retell my experience for the record. I insisted
that it may have been nothing at all anomalous, but an
experiment of some sort that was being conducted."
     A number of strange circles were found on the soil at a
nearby ranch known as "El Edén", which lasted eight days before
being engulfed by the local vegetation. Ms. Azuara believed that
the circles had been produced by the strange, shining object
that her students had seen on May 22nd. Visiting the ranch
personally, she complained of feeing a strange sensation within
her body, leading her to suspect that there might have been some
form of residual radiation in the area which no one had bothered
to check. Other visitors to the ranch had indicated that the
stones within the scorched circles appear to have melted and
bubbled, as would a piece of metal heated to its melting point
in a furnace.
     Another multiple witness event sure to satisfy even the
most conservative researchers occurred on October 7, 1993, when
hundreds of people attending a fair honoring of St. Francis in
the city of Pachuca, state of Hidalgo, were stunned to see a
massive fireball streaming across the skies headed in a
southerly direction. A group of musicians who were among the
entertainers present at the event indicated that they had seen
similar fireballs in the town of Valle del Mezquital, not far
from the ruins of Tula. The musicians added that after the
event, imprints allegedly made by the "landing gear" of a
strange device were discovered.
     The Tandil CE-2

     This account takes us from Mexico to the Southern
Hemisphere--namely   Tandil,   Argentina--where   UFO   activity
restarted in earnest in early 2000, attracting national and
international attention.
     On Tuesday, May 9, 2000, Hugo Macías, 60, faced the task
he had been performing--some might say heroically--for the past
37 years: delivering the city of Mar del Plata's La Capital
newspaper to a number of locations along national highway 226.
As he woke up in the pre-dawn hours to do his job, Macías began
his paper route at the Gendarmería Nacional (national police
force) building in Puerta del Abra on the road between Tandil
and Mar del Plata. After dropping off copies of the paper,
Macías drove on for a quarter of a mile when he felt a loud,
unusual sound approaching him from behind. He stated that a
cylinder of light "encircled" his vehicle, and placed the
light's diameter at some 50 meters (160 feet). The unknown beam
of energy "seemed to pierce the rooftop", according to the
deliveryman.
     At that point, explained Macías to an interviewer from the
Diario de Tandil newspaper, his car radio inexplicably shut off,
with the vehicle's engine and headlights following suit. Despite
the engine shutdown, the cone of light transported the car an
estimated 600 meters (1700 ft.) before abruptly disappearing and
leaving the automobile by the roadside. "Everything came back to
life," stated Macías, referring to his vehicle's electrical
system, "and I found myself staring into a dark but starry
night. In the sky above, [at an altitude] of some two thousand
meters (6000 ft.). I could see a cylinder-shaped light heading
toward a nearby mountain range...the whole ordeal lasted a
matter of seconds, but they seemed endless. There were no other
vehicles on the road that night: I may have passed two cars
during the remainder of the trip."
     Macías retold his experience to a group of friends and a
Army officer. The duty officer at the Gendarmerie building later
advised him that similar phenomena had been seen "five or six
times" and that a burned circular shape had been found in a
nearby prairie.
     But the deliveryman was also made privy to a highly
intriguing piece of information that appears to be a constant
factor in Latin American UFO cases. The Gendarmerie, he was told
by a local sheriff, discourages talk of UFOs out of a fear that
stories "will attract NASA's attention, a fact which creates
disturbances [given the fact] that NASA has an airplane with six
scientists and an all-terrain vehicle which can go anywhere in
the world to inspect different sites...many locals are troubled
by the presence of such strangers." Stories of official-looking
foreigners flashing NASA credentials and in clearly marked
vehicles constitute a common experience in UFO cases from Mexico
to Puerto Rico to the Southern Cone. Does the great esteem in
which the U.S. space program is held outside the country
represent a perfect cover for military or governmental
investigators?
     Hugo Macías cherished his brush with the unknown, and was
proud of "having the satisfaction of having been contacted by
something which many researchers would like to see and yet never
have." His only complaints in the wake of the CE-2 were of a
physical nature: while he felt no bodily effects at the moment
of the incident, he came down with a migraine, laryngitis and a
number of other ailments two days later. Such side-effects have
been reported in cases around the world: during a wave of
"boomerang"-shaped saucers in Pennsylvania and western New York
(1994), many eyewitnesses complained of similar physical
maladies (cold or flu-like symptoms).

Are UFOs as benign as phenomenon as we've been led to believe?
Time and again the evidence points to the contrary. Frequent
Inexplicata contributor (and art historian!) Javier García
Blanco gives us the following reminder.

UFOs: A Mortal Peril
by Javier García Blanco
Despite contactee assurances that ufonauts are our kindly older
brothers, there are hundreds of cases within ufology that tell
us about witnesses who experience, in their own bodies, the
effects of close proximity to the mysterious UFOs and their
occupants. Effects which have even been the cause of deaths.
I felt chills...and what else could be expected? Ana Gonzalez's
words were far from reassuring as she told us of the experience
that her parents had undergone in the summer of 1980, when they
found themselves at the center of an incredible encounter with
two unidentified flying objects.
It was three o'clock in the morning and as in many other
occasions, Luis González Pellicer and his wife Bienvenida López
Larrosa, residents of the small Zaragozan town of Mediana, were
driving their old station wagon in order to reach Mercazaragoza
(a large food wholesaler located in the region's capital) in
order to supply their small family business in the town. But
something was waiting for them as they left town.
"They left the house, and upon reaching the top of the hill, two
of those gadgets flanked each side of the station wagon. They
were terrified, but they kept driving. Nor could they turn back,
since the panic they felt kept them from reacting. They saw no
one, nor did they see any cars or people [along the road] for a
very long time, and...there they were, almost flush with the
station wagon...My mother always told us: "They were like some
kind   of   silver   bells,   with   strange   colors..something
inexplicable and beautiful.."
The startled and frightened witnesses continued driving toward
Zaragoza without ever losing sight of the two silent objects
which "escorted" their vehicle at a separation of a few meters.
After driving several kilometers, they reached an old army
barracks--now inactive--and upon encountering another car coming
from   Zaragoza,   the   mysterious  "flying   bells"   suddenly
disappeared as if they had never been. Still frightened by the
unexpected disappearance of the objects, Luis and Bienvenida
continued their drive to Zaragoza and then returned home without
any further delay. Back in Mediana, they recounted the ordeal to
their children. "After visiting the market, they came home and
told us about it. Later on they told other people in        the
village. Some believed them...others laughed at them..."
"These Things Like Solitude"
But that incredible experience was not to be the last one on the
lives of the hapless Zaragozan couple. The experience would
repeat itself three days later when the witnesses, this time
feeling a certain measure of apprehension and fear, boarded
their station wagon once more in order to engage in what had
hitherto been a quiet and uneventful drive. "Three days after
the first event, the same thing happened again. They left town
and there was the light. They waited quietly at the entrance to
town until another car drove by from the road to Belchite and
caused the light to disappear. I recall them telling us at one
time that: "These things like solitude, these things like
solitude," because during their first encounter, the lights
disappeared when they reached the old army barracks...right
there, on the hill, the moment another car appeared. The minute
[another car] appeared, they would disappear. They didn't
realize that the minute another car appeared from the direction
of Zaragoza, that the things would disappear."
On that occasion, they experienced no unpleasant surprises
during their journey and returned home normally. There was no
follow-up to the second encounter and their lives went on as
they had. Until 1987, when in January of that year, Bienvenida
López began to feel ill.
"It was then that she got sick. She couldn't eat, she would gag,
she was seen by a bunch of private doctors..." But it was
useless: in May 1987, Bienvenida passed away in the M.A.Z.
hospital, succumbing to a cancer that invaded her entire body.
Physicians were unable to do anything for her as the cancer
metastasized. The family, devastated by the unexpected loss, did
its best to carry on, but misfortune had not left the family
from Mediana just yet. Shortly after his wife's death, Luis
began to feel ill. A doctors' visit confirmed he was suffering
from the same malady as his late wife. Three month's after
Bienvenida's passing, Luiz González died after receiving
treatment in Zaragoza's Miguel Servet Hospital. Since then, the
family remains convinced that those strange luminous bells
caused the cancer that would in later years claim the lives of
the witnesses. Many of the townspeople share this belief, and
remain convinced of the honesty and seriousness of the departed
couple.
The area in which the unfortunate witnesses' encounter took
place is well-known to local researchers. Only a few days
following Luis and Bienvenida's encounter, a number of UFO
events took place in the vicinity of Zaragoza, not too far from
Mediana. In the early hours of September 1, Juan González Misis,
a photographer for the Heraldo de Aragón newspaper, headed
toward the location after a number of phone calls to the daily
claimed that a number of strange lights had been seen. Along
with several drivers who circulated through the area at the
time, the photojournalist managed to take several photos of the
object through a telephoto lens. On September 3, the images
occupied part of the paper's cover page. Weeks later, in the
early hours of September 23rd, the photographer was again
notified of the presence of lights in the region's skies. On
this occasion he headed for the highway leading to Castellón,
and was again able to photograph the strange object.


Shot by a UFO
On July 17, 1975, Emiliano Velasco underwent an experience that
would mark him for life. It was in the mid-afternoon, and the
sun burned hot in the Pedrosa del Rey (Valladolid) field which
Emiliano was working on his tractor. Everything was normal, and
nothing hinted at what was about to happen.
The witness suddenly became aware of the presence of a strange
object that drew his attention: the mysterious artifact,
described by Emiliano as "a tin of preserves with a kind of hat
on top of it, [standing] on "V" shaped legs", moved in a
circular motion around the tractor, getting closer with each
subsequent orbit. The object came within three meters of the
eyewitness, and issued an odd whistling sound along with a
double flash.
When Emiliano was able to react, he discovered that the glass on
the tractor's cab presented a small hole scarcely 0.6 cm in
diameter. Terrified by the event, the eyewitness ran back to
town as fast as his legs could carry him. Shortly after, he
started to complain about a variety of physical ailments,
including loss of hearing and of eyesight. He later became
paralyzed on the left side of his body and ultimately died in
1978 from a brain tumor. Once again, cancer killed the
protagonist of a close encounter, and as in the Mediana case,
Emiliano Velasco's wife was convinced that the "thing" slew her
husband.
But the most disquieting fact is that cases similar to the one
at Pedrosa del Rey do not take place exclusively in the
wilderness or in remote areas. In the spring of 1997, another
strange object, this time very small in size, staged an
appearance in the courtyard of a building in downtown Zaragoza.
As in the Valladolid incident, the object left its "fingerprint"
on one of the building's windows.

The sun had already set, and the couple residing in one of the
apartment buildings on Tenor Fleta street was getting ready for
bed when "M.T." became aware of a strange glow reflected in the
bathroom vanity mirror. Turning around to determine its source,
she was able to see a small sphere of light fluttering around
the courtyard. Visibly upset, M.T. ran toward the bedroom and
summoned her husband "J.M.I.", a respected Zaragozan doctor. The
witness calmed his wife down, thinking that she had been the
victim of a harmless mistake.
Precisely at that moment, both witnesses heard a strange sound
coming from the bathroom. Running to see what had occurred, they
discovered that there was now a small perforation on the glass
of the window through which M.T. has gazed at the small luminous
sphere. Fortunately, both the physician and his wife are in
perfect health, but the similarity to the Valladolid case is
still disturbing.
Burned by a UFO
Not few are the occasions in which a UFO encounter degenerates
into a frantic highway chase. These "car chases" sometimes end
up causing physical effects on the witnesses. This is something
to which Toribio, a retired Zaragoza policeman, can attest,
since he sustained an incredible encounter with a strange light
during the summer of 1996 while traveling across the province of
Teruel.
On that day, Toribio had left Zaragoza headed toward the village
of Tornos, where he tends to spend his vacation. Halfway along
the drive, in the vicinity of Puerto de Santed, he picked up an
unexpected companion: a powerful light settled behind him and
followed him for a good part of the journey, until it suddenly
became dangerously close to the car. The terrified witnessed
stepped on the gas in an effort to put some distance between
himself and the menacing light. The light suddenly placed itself
in front of him; Toribio, speechless with astonishment, saw how
a beam of light was fired against his vehicle from the infernal
light, bathing the car in a strange glow.

The light disappeared shortly thereafter, and a visibly shaken
Toribio finally reached Tornos, where he would discover that
those parts of his body which had received the direct impact of
the light issuing from the UFO (his arms, hands and face) where
as red as if they had been subjected to burns similar to those
produced by solar radiation.

Unquestionable Physical Evidence
Close encounter cases in which witnesses suffer from a variety
of injuries represent evidence of the physical reality of the
UFO phenomenon. Despite opinions to the contrary, there are
cases all over the world which show that UFOs and their
occupants can be harmful to human beings.
Nonetheless, there are still those who deny the phenomenon's
existence. For the unfortunate UFO victims, the experience is
all too real, and their stories represent still another page in
the "black book of ufology".
It isn't my intention--though it may seem so--to frighten the
reader with a list of negative events. Fortunately, the number
of cases in which some type of injury occurs represents a
minority, and on certain occasions are the response to a hostile
move from the onlooker. But if so, what is it that the
intelligence behind the UFO affair is after? Perhaps it is just
another one of its many ways of leaving a record of its
existence. Perhaps some day we shall learn the answer.


Raúl Núñez is a highly respected Chilean researcher and
journalist whose work has appeared in Spain's foremost
paranormal magazines. This is his first contribution to
Inexplicata.

Chupacabras Reappears in Chile
by Raúl Núñez

The situation being experienced in Chile as regards the attacks
of the so-called Chupacabras can be qualified as a genuine
psychosis. The events which gave rise to this situation started
in the town of Calama, an urban center in northern Chile located
some 215 kilometers from Antofagasta.

In the early hours of April 7, 2000, farmer Gastón Villegas
stumbled across twenty-eight dead sheep on his property, only to
find another 26 exsanguinated ones the following day. All of the
animal carcasses presented double puncture marks on the jugular
vein approximately the same size as a 100 peseta coin. Over the
course of the following days, other animals were found dead:
goats, pigs, birds and even a cat. All these killings to place
in the most absolute silence: no one heard a thing and the dogs
refrained from barking.
As the days went on and the attacks continued, the situation
grew worrisome. Faced with panic on the part of the population
and claims of massive animal deaths, the Servicio Agricola
Ganadero (SAG--Agriculture and Livestock Service) sent in a
veterinarian through the intervention of Dr. Oscar Camacho in
order to analyze the carcasses. The expert stated that wild dogs
had been responsible for the massacre, but this explanation
convinced no one, much less when that very same weekend,
residents of Lavanda found 90 goats dead in their pens. On April
11, the dead animal count had already soared to 215, and the
situation   was  becoming   untenable   from  the   authorities'
perspective.

Police personnel combed the area using infrared equipment,
managing to see a slight figure which moved with great agility
among the pastures. Four footprints or claw-marks were found at
the site, and another set of prints was discovered three meters
away.

The name "chupacabras" spread by word of mouth among the
population, perhaps due to the frustration of not being able to
find the mysterious animal. All the while, new evidence
continued to emerge. Juan Curiqueo, a correspondent for
Chilevisión, claimed having seen a strange being during a
nocturnal vigil with other journalists on farms adjacent to the
Calama municipal cemetery: "What I saw was something similar to
an ape moving around the pastures..."
According to sheriff Germán Oyanedel, tracks were found near the
Calama cemetery and hair samples were discovered in the pens of
the attacked animals. Other evidence includes saliva, which has
been forwarded to the Laboratorio de Criminalistica (Criminology
Laboratory) in the capital city, Santiago. Among the policemen
taking part in the affair was inspector Victor Espinoza, an
agronomic engineer from the Department of Illegal Ecological and
Environmental Practices, who stated: "As a policeman and a
professional, I must dismiss the presence of the famous
chupacabras or Anomalous Living Species (EVA). What we are
dealing with is a warm blooded animal--a single one--which feeds
on mammal blood, hunts at night and sleeps by day. The strange
thing has been our inability to locate any fecal matter to
confirm the foregoing...the footprints do not correspond to goat
or horse hooves, nor do they correspond to dog paw-prints. The
tracks stand all by themselves in that they resemble five
fingers but completely different from human fingers. They are
preceded by impressions made by smaller hand-like structures..."
     Since late April, the situation in Calama has been one of
utter bafflement. Residents are fearful to emerge at night and
newspapers, adventurers and civilian delegations are arriving to
hunt the mysterious entity.
     Hilbert Martínez, chief of SAG for the II Region, insists
that the attacks are result of wild dog pack activity. However,
local planters have dismissed this, since they have been on
guard at night expecting new Chupacabras attacks. This is how
Juan Carlos Camacho, one of the affected farmers, has
categorically dismissed the authorities, textually saying: "A
band of dogs or a pack of wild dogs..No! No! They're completely
wrong. We're up all night with the lights on, all night. Nothing
can be heard, no barking, nothing..."
     The mysterious animal's activity continues unmolested. In
southern Chile, a criminal process has already been opened
against it by the Third Criminal Court of Concepción following
the strange deaths of seven animals in the Quilacoya sector of
the Hualqui Commune.
Apes from a Vanished Circus?

The authorities have put forth a number of hypotheses to account
for the deaths of so many animals at the same time. The most
widely circulated explanation suggests that these are animals
which escaped from a circus and are currently living in the
wilderness surrounding Calama. In this regard, journalist José
Abaroa of Radio Topater recalled an episode which occurred two
years ago, when the Frankfurt Circus went bankrupt in Calama and
the animals were transferred to Peuco, a country club located on
the banks of the Loa River. De Filippi, the owner and trapeze
artist of the circus, took the larger animals with him but left
the smaller ones behind, several apes among them. According to
Abaroa, nothing else was ever heard about these animals. Could
these starving apes have been responsible for the animal attacks
in Calama? How are they able to cross thousands of kilometers
without being discovered?
Conducting investigations has been difficult, since the lurid
nature of the events is giving rise to talk about the
Chupacabras having reappeared throughout the country.
The authorities have still not provided the results of their
findings on the remains of hair, saliva and tracks found at the
crime scenes. Researcher Virgilio Sánchez-Ocejo has provided the
tracks of the Chupacabras he researched in Miami several years
ago for comparison purposes, but the plaster casts provided did
not match those of the Chilean Chupacabras.
Word has spread of a strange event which occurred on May 12,
2000, suggesting that the strange animal may have been captured
by Chilean Army personnel. According to journalist Pablo
Aguilera of Radio Pudahuel 90.5 FM, a series of phone calls were
received that day from Calama and Antofagasta from certain
parties who suggested that the Chupacabras had been captured--
only there were three animals involved, not one. The informants
were unable to describe the physiognomy, shape or appearance of
the specimens, nor if they had been captured dead or alive. On
the other hand, Patricio Borlone, a former air traffic
controller, managed to ascertain that at 06:27 AM on that day,
Flight 501, a Boeing 767 belonging to LAN (Chile's national
airline) inbound from Miami, landed at the Arturo Merino Benitez
Airport, followed at 07:05 AM by another LAN aircraft, Flight
503. One of them was a cargo plane transporting two containers
on which the unmistakable NASA seal and logo was affixed. These
elements were supposedly reshipped immediately aboard Special
AVANT Flight No. 474--a Boeing 737-- which took off for Calama
directly at 08:00 AM on May 12th.
A UFO/Chupacabras Connection?
Researcher Aquiles Castillo has managed to compile an itinerary
of this surprising animal's activity, but he has also determined
certain items of information which are not known to the
unspecialized news media. Several eyewitnesses have claimed that
a few days prior to the Chupacabras' appearance, red lights were
seen in the sky over the locations where the attacks would later
take place. The lights were so out of the ordinary that they
were noticed by many people. Furthermore, strange triangular
marks have been found on the ground not far from where the
predator's activities have taken place. This detail is
reminiscent of U.S researcher John Keel, who on more than one
occasion has linked these fantastic and impossible beings to the
UFO phenomenon. This relationship has not been disclosed in
Chile, since the atmosphere surrounding the Chupacabras
apparitions has caused rumors to fly wildly, even causing
"cryptozoological experts" whom had never been heard of
previously to catapult to prominence.
There exists a significant piece of information: this strange
creature apparently attacked a security guard with the SOQUIMICH
company (SOciedad QUIMica y MInera de CHile). The guard was able
to establish that he had been attacked from behind by a strange
kangaroo-shaped creature that buried its claws in its back. He
was able to see dense fur and a pair of yellow eyes. Is it
possible that a creature matching such a description can move
freely around this planet without drawing any attention?

Based on this data, we can say that animal mutilations and
similar cases in Chile have an extensive curriculum, but they
become lost among the disbelief and massification of the
information.

One of the great misfortunes--and wonders--of ufology is the
motley array of "characters" that are attracted to it like
iron filings to a magnet. Cliched expressions aside,
Contributing Editor Manuel Carballal expands on this often
hilarious sideline with humor of his own

We've All Gone Saucer-Happy!
by Manuel Carballal
There can be no doubt that the UFO phenomenon is a fascinating
subject. Some of us are so enthusiastic about it that it drives
us crazy. Intoxicated by the stimulation, passion and richness
of this discipline, the joys of ufology sometimes drives us
nuts. That's when we become "saucer happy".
Doña María is a resident of Vigo (Galicia) in her fifties. A fan
of space, UFOs and the Beyond, she has spent many years reading
all kinds of magazines and books on esoteric lore--an interest
she combines with her great passion for the pink press. I wasn't
surprised to find that on that summer morning in 1992, my
companions from the Vigo Center for Psychobiophysical Research
should be so interested in my meeting her. Doña María presented
herself as a consummate psychographic contactee, placing at our
disposal dozens of notebooks filled with psychographic messages
and   mediumistic  drawings.   Doña  María,   like  many   other
contactees, claimed that alien beings had infiltrated all walks
of human society. Some of them even posed as very popular
personalities--a fact stressed by numerous contactees and even
certain researchers...
Doña María, as with many other contactees, entered into trance
states    through     telepathic    communication     with   her
"extraterrestrial guides", whom despite being infiltrated in
terrestrial society, could still transmit their messages to the
Galician contactee through psychography or telepathy. And we
were on the verge of witnessing a demonstration. Spellbound, we
waited for the guide to tune into the contactee to transmit his
message. Finally, after intense concentration, Doña María began
to receive the message: "Hey! No vayas presumiendo por ahi.."
Dumbfounded, we discovered that her alien source wasn't Oxalc,
nor Ashtar Sheran, nor Adoniesis or any of the "known" ET
guides--it turned out to be Julio Iglesias. Because according to
Doña Maria, Julio Iglesias was one of those infiltrated aliens.
Swamped with intense emotion, we heard the communication: the
Spanish crooner's lyrics reached us brimming over with messages,
according to Doña María's interpretation. It was then that I
understood, after many years of intense pondering, what it was
that Isabel Preisler had seen in Julio: it wasn't that he'd
seduced her--rather, like any good alien, he had abducted her in
order to artificially inseminate her! Julio Iglesias fans now
know the secret to his success...he was conceived by alien
sperm. I'm convinced that Budd Hopkins would treat this
information with the weight it so rightly deserved...
This was neither the first nor the last time I would witness
"alien contacts" of this sort. Because the number of infiltrated
aliens in our society is something to see. Valencia-based
contactee Vera Kallas provided me a no-less extraordinary
revelation, which took place during the filming of a TV series
and right in front of the cameras! I still have this tape as a
most valuable piece of evidence regarding the presence of aliens
in our world. While I interviewed Vera about her paranormal
experiences, she suddenly fell into a trance. An anonymous
communicator   began   transmitting   information  through   the
contactee: the face of researcher Vicente Moros, who was present
at the session, mirrored my own perplexity. Finally, the
startling "guide" presented himself: "Hello! I'm Carl Sagan..."

Well, I thought, it sure is easy that way. I'm not surprised
that Sagan received so many awards for his COSMOS show--if he's
an alien, he's got it licked. Who'd dare teach him anything
about the universe?...
It's Tough Being A Contactee
Who says there's no evidence that we're being visited by aliens?
Carlos Jesús leads a group of UFO believers in the town of Dos
Hermanas (Seville). His communications and messages became
widely known throughout Spain through the popular science show
"Al Ataque", hosted by Alfonso Arús. Thanks to the cameras of
Antena-3, all of Spain was able to watch alien beings--such as
"Christopher from Zeta Raticulin" -- possess Carlos Jesús and
transmit their messages station-to-station. Moreover, even
"Mikael", the alien from Ganymede itself, or even Jesus Christ,
spoke to the world through the contactee from Seville---of
course, preserving the Sevillian accent corresponding to the
body of the person they'd possessed.
Carlos Jesús bears on his body, like many other contactees and
abductees, the proof of his contact. And if other UFO abductees
have received an alien implant in the nape of their necks or in
their nasal passages, Carlos Jesús carries in the big toe of his
right foot a "micro-transmitter" able to fire a billion megawatt
energy beam (a textual quote). So, skeptics beware! Don't mess
around with Carlos Jesús-Mikael-Christopher, since aliens have
placed the power of Divine Justice in his hands...I mean, his
feet.
Abraham, Elijah, Jesus, Moses, the Eternal Father, Antar Zeran,
the Virgin Mary, etc. are some of the extraterrestrials (?) able
to possess Carlos Jesús and speak through him: "I will now
exhale three times," says Carlos Jesús three times before going
into trance, "and my voice will change completely...puff, puff,
puff...Hello, my voice is no longer the same, I have descended
from a spacecraft and straight into this body. Now I am Antar
Zeran..." Millions of viewers shared with me the excitement of
that moment, following the contactee's touching possession by
higher powers.
Being a contactee is hard work. Never mind carrying a micro-
transmitter in his big toe -- which causes poor Carlos Jesús to
spend a fortune in sneakers, since every time the beam fires
there isn't any manmade footwear that can withstand it: there
are awful arguments between contactee and contactor which
sometimes jeopardize the former's physical integrity.
A few years ago, over fifty million viewers were able to witness
how an alien took over the body of a contactee--live and in
color--on the stage of "Esta Noche Cruzamos el Mississippi". The
stage of Tele-5 turned into a makeshift parapsychological
laboratory and a landing platform for Astenon, a resident of
Ganymede (a world having an excess population of super-evolved
beings, it would seem), who would transmit his important
messages   through  Miguel   Algarra,   his   channeler.  Before
dumbfounded spectators, Miguel Algarra engaged in a terrible
struggle with Astenon, who possessed him without asking for
permission, and would also slap him around...or rather, Miguel
would slap himself around. It was merely a matter of sharing the
limelight, since according to Astenon, the folks on Ganymede
watched Pepe Navarro's show all the time, and understandably,
the alien guide wanted to say hi to everyone back home, if only
the jerk of a contactee would quit hogging the camera. All of
Spain and part of Freakistan thrilled to the experience, and
Lucas Grijalder himself, faced by such an eloquent incident of
alien contact, summed up in a nutshell the essence of many
similar messages: "You sound about as clear as Chewbacca..."
Making Love To No One At All
If Carlos Jesús became famous thanks to his appearances on "Al
Ataque", the cameras of the equally stern "La Noche Prohibida"
program granted stardom to 49-year old contactee José Verdún,
better known as Penumbra.
Penumbra had already appeared on the small screen on other
"scientific" programs such as "Música Golfa" (TVE) and "Los
Límites de la Realidad" (Antena-3). However, it was thanks to
José Coronado and Ivonne Reyes that Penumbra astonished Spain
with his account of having made love to a female alien.
Penumbra, to whom the aliens gave a pyramid stone of magnificent
powers, perhaps as payment for his carnal services, is the only
contactee who recites his messages with bulerías (Andalusian
songs accompanied with clapping and dancing--Ed.). No more
monotonous Oui-Ja sessions, boring psychographies or redundant
telepathic messages--Penumbra gives his messages a brighter tone
by reciting them in prose or in rhyme, or ripping into a
fandango using texts revealed by the "space guides". Like a true
pioneer of the cosmic cante hondo, he recites as he claps his
hands: "I'm a dying madman/with a world on my mind/of talking
butterflies/and trees that sigh..." Precisely. A dying madman
with talking butterflies in his head...he says.
Penumbra isn't the only human who's had the good fortune of
enjoying close contact--I mean very close contact--with
extraterrestrials. Copulation between humans and aliens is
hardly circumscribed to the males. Karol, a well-known Catalan
parapsychologist, was the victim of sexual harassment by a
beautiful but libidinous extraterrestrial. Karol, who was up in
years, could not longer endure the alien's unbridled passion as
he got between the exhausted contactee's sheets night after
night. Anguished over the spaceman's nightly visits, Karol
appealed to a distinguished Barcelona hypnotist for help, and
after a few sessions of hypnosis, the alien rapist vanished for
good. Weeks later, Karol returned to hypnotist to ask him for a
solution to her new quandary. Now she missed the nightly visits
of her cosmic friend. "Couldn't something be done to make him
come once a week?"
The Osteratrix Report

In the town of Antequera, contactee Rafael Sánchez is at the
center of a significant case of E.T. contact which recently
achieved   significant   political   implications.  Rafael   has
discovered the secret behind alien technology, since the aliens
are coming to Earth from the planet "Arcolobus" on what appear
to be large flying carpets some five meters long and which
operate on advanced technology. Aladdin knew what he was doing.
Through his messages, Rafael Sánchez has learned that thousands
of asteroids will collide against the Earth in July 1998,
devastating the planet (this prophecy, not a very precise one,
was made in mid-Nineties). For this reason, he devoted himself
to building a spaceship that would allow him to escape the
Apocalypse.
After making several designs, mock-ups and tests, Rafael Sanchez
has managed to build a prototype of his spaceship using...a
motor from a blender. He immediately wrote Spanish prime
minister Jose María Aznar to warn him of the danger facing Spain
and the planet as a whole, offering his technical services to
prepare the evacuation of the planet aboard his blender-ships.
Amazingly, prime minister Aznar has not replied to his mail.
Could the P.P. be engaged in some sort of pact with the
Osterizer company to develop the life-saving craft? Could the
infamous CESID papers contain the key to transforming our
appliances into Flying Saucers? Are the aliens right-wingers? We
are assailed by terrible doubts.
In the light of the bizarre revelations made by contactees like
Penumbra, Doña María, Carlos Jesús or Rafael Sánchez, we would
finally be in a position to unveil the secrets of the UFO. In
1999, after more than fifty years of dealing with the UFO
phenomenon, researchers all over the world are finally in a
position to understand the mystery: Julio Iglesias and Carl
Sagan came in from Zeta Raticulin aboard blender-ships to paint
the town and sign a secret pact with José María Aznar while they
were at it. And if it was the "Matrix Report" that blew the
whistle in the United States, the "Osteratrix Report" will do
much the same in Spain.
The truth is out there. It's just a little mixed up.

Contributing Editor Lucy Guzmán brings us the latest on UFO
activity in Puerto Rico. Read on!

CE3K in Aguas Buenas, Puerto Rico
by Lucy Guzmán
Case Name: Marie Molina/"white wrinkled creature"
Case Type: Close Encounter of the Third Kind (CE3K)
Location: Bairoa neighborhood, Aguas Buenas, Puerto Rico
Date: Early morning hours of July 31, 2000
Time: 5:00 a.m. to 5:25
Researcher: Edwin Fontanés
Eyewitness Data:
The eyewitness lives with her teenage son and daughter in a
zinc-roofed wooden house in the Bairoa neighborhood of Aguas
Buenas, P.R., where she claims to have seen the entity from the
window. Her residence is on a second floor over a cement bottom
level. Other cases occurred on the island that day--one in
Quebradillas involving a "lucid dreaming" situation which
involved as lighthouse-shaped UFO with entities to be seen
walking on its upper surface.

Interview conducted by Edwin Fontanés on August 6, 2000:
5:00 AM
[Witness] was awakened upon hearing a loud sound originating
from her neighbor's back yard. She had the impression that the
sound was produced by something falling to the ground and on the
neighbor's zinc rooftop. Note: During his observations, Edwin
noticed that the place from which she believes the noise came is
currently dented and collapsed. The rooftop will be studied
later.

The neighbor's dog barked unceasingly. She decided to get up and
look through the window to see if she could ascertain what had
been the cause of the noise. There were items of clothing
hanging to dry on the window, so she parted them to take a look.
She was startled to see a creature standing with its back to her
at a distance of approximately 15 feet. It was white with
wrinkled skin, an egg-shaped head, large, elongated white eyes
with black centers, elongated ears, arms and legs. It appeared
to be unclothed. Note: Witness was unable to make out the mouth
and nose details. Nor was she able to count the number of
fingers on its hand.

The being stood with its back to her. Its hands were in a
praying position and its body and head jerked around as if it
had no control over them. Note: [...] the creature's movements
resembled a person afflicted by a muscular cramp who moves
around trying to relieve it, but these movements involved its
head and body simultaneously, as if it were trying to settle its
bones or muscles. Perhaps it was some kind of ritual which the
witness took to be an attempt at muscular alignment.
5:05 AM

[Witness] went to check the clock to confirm the time, which was
5:05 AM. In other words, five minutes had elapsed. She returned
to the window to resume her watch, and the creature was still
there engaged in the same movement.
5:15 AM

[Witness] was frightened that the creature should try to get
into the house and decides to call upon her sister, friend or
neighbor (Edwin isn't sure which) to send someone to get her out
the house. She was so nervous and frightened that she was in
tears.
With the other party still on the line, she returned to the
window to see if the creature was still there, and it still was.
The sister, friend or neighbor asked if the should call the
police, but the witness refused because they wouldn't believe
her. All she wanted was someone to come over to escort her out
of the house out of a fear that the entity would try to enter
into the house. The sister, friend or neighbor replied that she
would send someone over.


5:20 AM
[Witness] decided to take another look. Upon nearing the window,
she bumped against something. The noise attracted the creature's
attention, causing it to turn around halfway to see what had
caused the noise. On seeing this, the witness promptly hid
behind the hanging clothing to avoid detection.
She looked again, and this time it was looking back at her. On
gazing upon her, it appeared to "close her eyes". She stepped
back and rubbed her eyes to open them again. She rubbed her eyes
repeatedly until she succeeded.
This served to increase her fear, because she felt that if it
could close her eyes, it could control her. Even so, taking
great care to avoid detection, she looked again to see if the
creature was still there, and it was.

5:25 AM
A person who came to help her was calling out her name as he
came down the steps. Note: the house located on the bottom of a
gully, and the only way to reach it from the highway is by going
down a series of steps.
Hearing that someone had come to her rescue, the witness
returned to the window to see if the entity was still there, but
it was gone. She was so affected by the events that she even
wanted to leave the country.

Witness was a heavy smoker but has not smoked since that day.
She doesn't feel the urge to smoke nor is she in a bad mood over
not smoking.
Note: When Edwin visited the site, it had rained two days
earlier and many people had already walked over the location in
question. There were no strange marks to be found on the
terrain, but the location is highly suitable for activity by
that type of creature, since they can easily conceal themselves.
The investigation is ongoing. Orlando Plá phoned a friend in the
Aguas Buenas Civil Defense to see if any recent cases or claims
had been brought to his attention, but the source told him
there's been nothing new.
Aftermath

Two days after the having seen the creature, the witness noticed
a green light illuminating her room, but no one was able to see
the source of the light in question. The event lasted for 1/2
hour from 11:30 PM on Wednesday, August 2 to around 12:00
midnight that same day.


Former Iberia Commander Says: "I Saw A UFO"
by Pedro Madueño
"I'm 65 years old and flew for 40 years in the Air Force and
then for Iberia. I now run a piloting school. I was born in
Madrid, my father was a general in the Air Force. The day I saw
a UFO from my aircraft I wasn't able to sleep...I haven't
stopped thinking about it all this time. I've just completed [my
book] "Destino Cielo" about all my years of piloting and my UFO
Encounter"
                          --Juan Lorenzo Torres

The UFO Guy
The son of an Air Force general, a combat pilot over the Sahara,
companion in arms of the King (I see him, with his wife in
several photos sharing a meal with Their Majesties), an Iberia
pilot, director of an aviation academy...It could not have been
easy for this military man to wax eloquent on the "UFO subject"
as he calls it. It must be equally embarrassing for his former
comrades to discuss Juan's calm "wackiness" as he declassifies
documents and recalls distant lights. However, I've enjoyed more
his memoirs about the Sahara and the Spanish occupation, his
obedient "little moors" and his dandruff-covered camels than
dizzying myself with the pages of the UFO universe.
--Lluis Amiguet
Q:   Why do you insist on remembering those lights now?
A:   I think many people would like to know that my crew and I
     saw something that no one has been able to explain to this
     very day.
Q:   When [was this]?
A:   November 4, 1968 at 18 hours and 23 minutes.
Q:   Where?
A:   Over Sagunto, Valencia. I was the captain of a Caravelle
     6-R, a very modern vehicle at the time, covering the Iberia
     route between London and Alicante (IB Flight 249). There
     were no incidents until we reached Barcelona. At some 100
     miles away, the Barcelona tower ordered us to abandon level
     310 -- 31,000 feet-- and descend to level 280.
Q:   Why?
A:   British Caledonia was heading for us in the opposite
     direction, so we were asked to descend to avoid a possible
     collision.
Q:   So?
A:   Well, I had already ordered dinner and the trays were in
     the cabin, but a that altitude we were shaving the clouds,
     which produce a slight though uncomfortable turbulence.
     Having one's dinner that way was thoroughly disagreeable. I
     asked my co-pilot to visually monitor if the opposing
     traffic could be seen, in order that we could return to our
     proper level to have a peaceful dinner.
Q:   Did he see it?
A:   We thought so. He said: "I have it in sight", but what we
     saw instead was a flash and a light coming toward us at an
     impressive speed.
Q:   [Were you] startled?
A:   And scared. That thing was on a collision course.
Q:   What did you do?
A:   We dumped the trays and our jaws dropped, since that
     blinding light was nothing we'd seen before. We called the
     stewardess to witness the thing. None of us knew what it
     could be.
Q:   What did the light do?
A:   It stayed 10 meters from my plane's nose cone. It went up
     and down and moved from right to left, but always returned
     to the same spot, 10 meters away from my plane.
Q:   Did you contact the Barcelona tower?
A:   Well, it wasn't so easy. What could I say? We were all
     afraid of ridicule. I tried contacting the object in both
     English and Spanish, then I contacted the Barcelona VOR and
     asked if there was air traffic in the area. I was told that
     their radar coverage was limited to 60 miles.
Q:   So what did you do then?
A:   I made an emergency broadcast on the 121.5 channel so that
     all nearby aircraft could communicate with us.
Q:   And after that?
A:   We all stared at the lights. There was a large light and
     two small ones on the sides. I attempted a primitive
     communication system using my landing lights. I told it in
     Spanish: "On and off twice means no, on and off once means
     yes."
Q:   And did you get along?
A:   I think we did. I asked it several questions, among others:
     "Friend or foe?"
Q:   What did you answer?
A:   There was logic in their movements.
Q:   How long did the sighting last?
A:   Somewhat more than ten minutes.
Q:   That's a long time.
A:   Yes.
Q:   What did you do upon landing?
A:   That night we all slept poorly, as my crew told me the next
     day. We all made a pact of silence, but lieutenant colonel
     Abreu of the Barcelona tower, called me when I landed at El
     Prat and told me that the radar coverage for eastern Spain
     had recorded those "UFOs".    I asked for a copy of these
     records and he gave me one.
Q:   Do you still have that copy?
A:   No, because 4 month later, another Caravelle piloted by
     commander Ordovas had another sighting in the area, flying
     with the same flight engineer, Jose Cuenca! The news made
     it into the media because one of the flight attendants had
     a boyfriend who was a journalist.
Q:   So the rumor spread...
A:   Yes. Journalists began calling and four months later Lt.
     Col Ugarte and a lawyer showed up and the copy was
     confiscated.
Q:   Well!
A:   After reporting the sighting, Lt. Col Ugarte concluded that
     what the co-pilot, engineer, flight attendant and I had
     seen was in fact Venus!
Q:   Venus?
A:   Yes, Venus. Venus was stuck to my plane's nose, I never
     realized it!
Q:   What made them say that?
A:   I guess that their military culture finds it very
     embarrassing not to have an explanation. Venus is as good
     an answer as any.
Q:   And what do you think?
A:   I thought it could have been--why not?--an alien craft or
     something by alien creatures. When military intelligence
     declassified the documents on the sightings, I noticed the
     radar records were absent. Lt. Col. Abreu told me the radar
     had recorded three UFOs.
Q:   Do you believe in them?
A:   I think I saw something from a non terrestrial culture.
Q:   Do you have any other data?
A:   I'd say the same thing. The ones in charge will deny what
     they see before accepting what they can't explain or
     control. And of course, it was Venus.
     Special thanks to Javier Garcia Blanco (LACIP)
     Source: La Vanguardia Digital
     Date: 07.14.2000

                           Ex Libris:
         A Random Sampling of Hispanic Ufology in Print
          Los Archivos Secretos del Ejército del Aire:
              El Fraude de la Desclasificación OVNI
by Bruno Cardeñosa. Cenlle (Galicia): Bell Book, 1998 (1st Ed.).
271 pages. Paperback.

     Score another hit for Bell Book and for Bruno Cardeñosa.
     Magdalena del Amo-Freixedo's publishing venture's first
     departure from publishing eponymous works caused a
     sensation in Spain and in the Spanish-speaking world in
     general as Bruno Cardeñosa, an original and vital member of
     the "third generation" of Spanish ufologists, categorically
     dismisses his country's much-vaunted declassification of
     UFO-related files as little more than window dressing.

     Archivos Secretos begins with Cardeñosa's own research into
     the world of abductions, hypnotic regression and truly
     astounding cases from northern Spain. Most dramatic of all
     these is the strange case of Antonio Ruiz--perhaps the
     world's only wheelchair-bound abductee--and the experiences
     which befell him and his brother Ramón in the summer of
1978. Most astonishing of all is Ruiz's description of a
"Bigfoot"-like creature aboard what he presumes to be the
abducting craft.
The book quickly moves into the scorpions-in-a-bottle
environment of the two factions of UFO research: those who
aided   and   abetted   the  Spanish  government's   phony
declassification process and the ones who spoke out to
challenge it. The process--which came to an end in 1997
with over 80 declassified items--suppressed critical
evidence, mixed up its findings, relied on character
assassination and hearsay.

Cardeñosa makes a nimble transition from the very tangible
world of government intrigue and investigative procedure to
the high-strangeness milieu of Spain's own brushes with the
Chupacabras and the unexplained disappearance of over 200
sheep.

Those fearing yet another dreary foray into the maze of
government vs. ufology literature can rest assured that
this book--fiery and opinionated at times, conciliatory and
generous at others--constitutes the antidote for U.S.
audiences suffering from "the Roswell blues."

Ordering information: Contact <freixamo@navigalia.net> or
visit www.crisol.es
