{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T17:53:28Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 98908, "source_ctime_ns": 1790165780080098908, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-01.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790165780070806645, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "65971484a4785b040043f9836432ab599c31e36d324209208e0398896d2a8909"}

INEXPLICATA
                 The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
                            Issue # 1
                            Fall 1998

          A twice-yearly publication showcasing the research and
          concerns of UFO and paranormal investigators in Spain,
          the Caribbean, Central and South America.

Editor
     Scott Corrales
Assistant Editor
(all article submissions and letters)
     Juan Carlos Mallory
     P.O. Box 228
     Derrick City, PA 16727
Contributing Editors
     Manuel Carballal (Spain)
     Willie Durand Urbina (Puerto Rico)
     Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros (Mexico)

                      DEPARTMENTS AND COLUMNS

Dr. Rafael Lara's Mexico Watch ............................... 35

Ex Libris (book reviews) ..................................... 34
                      ARTICLES AND FEATURES
Mystery Animals Yesterday and Today ........................... 1
by Scott Corrales

An Aeronautical History of Flying Saucers .................... 10
by Manuel Carballal

Voyage to the Land of the Living Dead ........................ 15
by Manuel Carballal

Sightings at Chiquihuite Hill ................................ 29
by Roberto S. Contreras

The UFO Phenomenon in China .................................. 33
by Salvador Freixedo
                Welcome to INEXPLICATA!


In 1997, the Vatican upgraded its official Latin dictionary
to include a certain number of neologisms. Among the various
terms was the delightful and surprising "res inexplicata
volans" for Unidentified Flying Object. Taking this as a good
omen, Inexplicata has taken its name from the second word of
that Vatican-provided definition.

INEXPLICATA hopes to showcase the work of the Spanish (and
Portuguese) - speaking world's most important and active UFO
and paranormal researchers as their quest for knowledge takes
them to a myriad fields which at first may appear to have no
connection to traditional ufology: here you will read about
Manuel Carballal's fascinating foray into manmade saucers and
the possibility that Spain was the home for such artifacts;
Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros, Mexico's most distinguished Fortean
investigator, will lead us to the enigmatic Zone of Silence
in Ceballos, Durango; Willie Durand Urbina will share his
ufological knowledge about that hotbed of paranormal activity
which is Puerto Rico, and many other authors will fill the
pages of this journal with engrossing accounts from their
respective countries.

Is INEXPLICATA really necessary in the age of the Internet?
After all, at the click of a button one can access the tens
of dozens of UFO homepages featuring up-to-the-moment
information about ufology, forteana, cryptozoology, etc. from
countries all over the world. We would like to believe that
despite the fact that INEXPLICATA is not "timely" (no journal
ever is), we will furnish a venue for longer, in-depth pieces
that may not be featured on the Internet, or which lack the
shock value of as-it-happens material found elsewhere.

Editorials like this one can go on forever, particularly
during the maiden issue of any publication. But we feel its
time to let INEXPLICATA speak for itself now. Enjoy!


                                   Scott Corrales
                                   Editor
                                   INEXPLICATA
Mystery Animals Yesterday and Today
by Scott Corrales

     In October 1996, a curious news story was circulated by the
Reuters World Service. Elements of the Egyptian police had
allegedly shot and captured two strange savage animals of a pack
that had terrorized the small Egyptian town of Armant, a community
in the Nile Valley some three hundred miles south of Cairo,
killing three villagers and wounding dozens in a series of
nocturnal raids against the population.
     The news item went on to say that the bloodthirsty creatures
resembled "large hyenas or wild dogs." Known to the locals as
salaawwa, the beasts allegdly belong to no known species of
canids. Egypt's Ministry of the Interior offered the theory that
the animals had been driven northward from the Sudan in search of
new hunting grounds. Armed villagers joined the gendarmes in
efforts to ensnare the bizarre animals, ultimately managing to
wound a specimen as it emerged from the farmland bent on attacking
individual homes. Another such creature had been shot dead, and no
further information was available on the beasts.
     In a world in which new species are added to the roster every
year, the news of hyena offshoots attacking humans in the Nile
should simply be chalked up to animal reactions resulting from
changes in the environment. But the Egyptian news story has a
curious ring of familiarity to it.
     In the year 774 A.D., during the reign of Emperor Leo IV,
called "the Khazar", the Eastern Roman Empire was swept by a
plague of quasi-biblical proportions which was followed by the
appearance of bizarre carnivorous animals which could be dead-
ringers for the one in the Reuters item. A Syriac priest and
chronicler of the time, Denys de Tell-Mahre, describes the
creatures as having no fear of humans and resembling wolves, but
with smaller and narrower muzzles and horse-like ears. "The skin
on their dorsal spine resembled the bristles of pigs," adds the
medieval chronicler.
     Swarms of these strange canids fanned out across Anatolia,
devouring dozens of farmers and villagers. The animals fought
their human attackers fiercely, unafraid of weapons, brazenly
carrying off children out of homes and fields.
     Soon, however, we begin to encounter clearly paranormal
overtones emerging from this Syriac chronicle: the nameless beasts
were able to "abduct children from their beds" and dogs refused to
bark at their appearance. Entire herds of cattle were destroyed,
and "when one of them attacked a herad of goats, or flock of
sheep, it took away several at a time," adds the chronicle.
     In a medieval fairy-tale of the same period, a paladin would
doubtlessly have appeared to redress the situation, but what
happened in real life was far more prosaic: the monstrous
creatures simply moved on to a new hunting ground, apparently what
is today northern Iraq. No mention of the creatures is made in
subsequent Middle Eastern annals.
     Paranormal creatures of every shape and size conceivable
appear and disappear around the world, causing physical damage and
preying on domesticated animals. The same pattern has repeated
itself over the centuries well into the twentieth century.
     The Moca Vampire -- Deja Vu All Over Again
     On Februrary 25, 1975, a Puerto Rican newspaper ran one of
the very first headlines concerning the wave of mysterious animal
deaths to occur in the vicinity of the small town of Moca, on the
island's western side.
     The creature, christened "The Moca Vampire" by the press,
began its activities in Moca's Barrio Rocha, where it killed a
number of animals in a grisly fashion never seen before. Fifteen
cows, three goats, two geese and a pig were found dead with
strange puncture marks on their hides, indicating that some sharp
object --natural or artificial-- had been inserted into the
hapless bovines. Autopsy reports invariably showed that not a
single drop of blood remained within the animals, as if it had
been consumed by some predator. Police officers were adamant about
ascribing the deaths to dogs, since they correctly believed that
not even the wildest of feral dogs could climb some of the fences
surrounding the dead animals' pens.
     On March 7, 1975, a cow belonging to Rey Jiménez was found
dead in Moca's Barrio Cruz, presenting deep, penetrating wounds on
its skull and a number of scratches around the wounds on its body.
Jiménez's cow was added to the growing list of victims, which now
totalled well over thirty.
     As the number of victims grew exponentially, the Moca Vampire
acquired an identity of its own, much in the same way that the
Chupacabras would twenty years later. Speculation as to its nature
was rife: many believed it was a supernatural "bird", like the one
seen by María Acevedo, a Moca resident who noticed that a strange
animal had landed on her home's zinc rooftop in the middle of the
night. According to Acevedo's testimony, the bird pecked at the
rusty rooftop and at the windows before taking flight, issuing a
terrifying scream.
     The UFO phenomenon did not wait excessively long before
manifesting itself in the dark skies over Moca: on March 12, 1975,
Luis Torres, together with his son and daughter-in-law, witnessed
an object which resembled "the lights on a police cruiser"
spinning in the night on the outskirts of town. Torres and his
family estimated that the object had been engaged in an overflight
of the fields in which mutilated animals were being found. A few
days later, on March 15, farmer Cecilio Hernández notified
authorities that the elusive Moca Vampire had slain thirty-four
chickens on his property at some point during the night. The
supernatural entity was by now responsible for ninety animal
deaths in a two week period.
     A false moment of hope marked this critical period in the
Moca crisis: Luis Torres, the same farmer who had reported seeing
a UFO over Moca's outlying regions, became the man of the hour
after slaying two enormous snakes (Puerto Rican boas) measuring an
unheard-of six-foot length. Torres had captured the creatures as
they stood ready to attack a 600-pound heifer. The media hailed
this act of heroism as the "solution to the mutilation riddle";
citizens could finally issue a collective sigh of relief.
     However, the Moca Vampire had its own agenda. On March 18,
1975, two goats belonging to Hector Vega, a resident of Moca's
Barrio Pueblo, were found drained of blood. Puncture marks on the
goats' necks were the unmistakable sign that the strange creature
causing the deaths was still at large and hungrier than ever: it
returned to Vega's farm the following night to finish off ten more
goats and wound another seven. The horrified farmer also
discovered that ten additional goats had gone missing.
     It was this last spree of vampiristic activity that finally
prompted official action in the form of a visit from the Senate
Agricultural Commission, led by Senator Miguel A. Deynes, Police
colonel Samuel López and a number of functionaries. After talking
to the affected parties and to local law enforcement officials,
Senator Deynes requested that Astol Toledo, the Superintendent of
Police "redouble his efforts in getting to the bottom of the
situation," as there was no doubt in his mind that no animal could
cause so many deaths. (In yet another curious parallel between the
Moca   Vampire   and  the   Chupacabras   of   the  nineties,   the
Superintendent of Police 20 years later would be Pedro Toledo).
     Supporters of the "killer snake" theory which had gained
adherents in the wake of Luis Torres' exploits had their hopes
dashed   yet   again  by   Dr.   Juan   Rivero,   a  Mayagüez-based
herpetologist who stated in no uncertain terms that the Puerto
Rican boa, a non-poisonous reptile, was physically incapable of
killing animals as large as a goat, much less a cow. The
herpetologist added that snakes' mouths were not adapted to suck
blood.
     Felix Badillo could not believe his eyes when, on the morning
of March 23, 1975, he found a ten pound piglet dead in it pen. The
tiny porker was missing an ear and had a sizeable hole on the side
of its head. Badillo was haunted by the fact that such a thing
could have happened to one of his animals, since his fierce
watchdog had neither barked nor growled during the night and there
was no sign of a struggle. The pig farmer was hardly comforted by
the expert opinion of Dr. Angel de la Sierra, a specialist with
the University of Puerto Rico, who noted that the cut on the
piglet's ear stump was similar to certain incisions made in
experimental surgery to study deafness.
     The Moca Vampire had apparently tired of its diet and was
ready for a new treat. At ten o'clock at night on March 25,
laborer Juan Muñiz was allegedly attacked by a "horrible creature
covered in feathers," as he would later describe it. Muñiz was
returning home to Moca's Barrio Pulido when he saw the unsightly
entity. The laborer threw stones at the creature to frighten it
away, but only managed to provoke its anger: the creature flew
toward him, prompting Muñiz to seek shelter behind some bushes
before running to a neighbor's house. An armed group of locals
sought to find the strange being, but no trace was found.
     By April 1975, the "vampire" had transcended the narrow
confines of Moca, embarking on an island-wide spree of animal
killings. Among its first depredations outside the San Juan
metropolitan area was the slaying of a pig on a farm belonging to
one Benigno Lozada in Guaynabo, P.R.. Meanwhile, an all-out effort
to apprehend the suspected human element behind the mutilations
had been set into motion by the police, while on the other hand,
the media bent over backward to find a "rational" or "scientific"
explanation that would dismiss the strong supernatural air
surrounding the unknown predator. When some "odd bats" were
discovered in a limestone cave near Moca, hope welled in newsrooms
throughout the island. However, it was soon pointed out that the
bats were in fact of the ordinary kind, who live on fruit and do
not attack animals.
     On April 2, the predator paid a visit to a farm owned by
Isauro Melgar in Corozal's Barrio Negro. The Moca Vampire killed
eight goats and a dozen rabbits on the property. This loss was
particularly painful for the small farmer, since the breeding
rabbits had been quite valuable.
     Fearing that the unknown creature would stage a return on the
following evening, Melgar mounted a watch all night, spreading
poison on the ground to eliminate whatever it was seemed
interested in his bunnies. Joined by a group of armed neighbors,
Melgar kept watch until three in the morning. The moment the men
disbanded, whatever it was returned with a vengeance to slay more
animals. This only strengthened the farmers' determination to
remain awake all night, if need be.
     At half past midnight on April 5th, Isauro Melgar and his
companions were startled by a deafening sound which suddenly
blanketed the otherwise silent countryside. Amid the unearthly
din, the farmers saw a shadowy figure running swiftly through the
trees, away from an open pasture. They would later discover that
four more goats had been slain. Stoical despite of his losses,
Melgar told the press that "whatever killed my goats was
definitely not human. I don't believe in vampires, of course, but
I really can't say what kind of creature killed my animals."
     Two months into the Moca Vampire scare, official declarations
began appearing in the media and in government communiqués. Dr.
Benedicto Negrón, a veterinarian for the Puerto Rico Department of
Agriculture, noted that "the situation was a concern" to his
agency, expressing a fear that the uncanny events might unleash
hysteria among the population. In an April 9th editorial, the now-
defunct El Mundo ran an editorial requesting greater leadership
from the government in solving the bizarre mutilations.
     As was the case during the Chupacabras events in 1995, it
would take more than an exhortation from the media to prompt
official action, so the killing spree continued. A variety of
ducks, chickens and other poultry were drained of blood at
locations as disparate as Aguadilla (on the island's western
shore) and Guaynabo (a suburb of San Juan). Heavy UFO activity was
reported over the metropolitan suburbs of Santa Rosa and Cerro
Gordo, while a massive cigar-shaped UFO, emitting strong yellow
lights through rectangular portholes, hovered some 1500 feet over
a family home in the suburb of Cupey, giving the homeowners and
their neighbors a leisurely, 45 minute-long look. Researchers
found scorched vegetation the following morning, presumably at the
location where the unknown vehicle had made a furtive landing.
     On May 13, 1975, José Santos, of Corozal's Palo Blanco
sector, reportedly encountered a round-headed, hairy-tailed and
large-eyed creature which issued growls similar to those made by a
small dog. Santos believed that whatever the small creature was,
it was definitely not native to the island. Back in Moca, however,
three roosters, a rabbit and five goats belonging to the municipal
treasurer met untimely ends at the hands (fangs?) of an unknown
intruder.
     UFO activity had increased to a record high during May 1975,
paralleling the rise in animal mutilations. A group of three
objects, two of them resembling stars, flew over Fajardo, P.R.
with impunity. Among the witnesses were an astronomer and a Ph.D
in psychology, who were absolutely positive in classifying the
objects as neither natural nor of human manufacture.
     At nine thirty p.m. on May 17th, a UFO flew low over a home
in Park Gardens, Rio Piedras. Three women who had been engaged in
conversation on the front porch were startled to see a large ball
of powerful yellow light engage in a series of complex maneuvers
overhead. Simultaneous sightings were taking place elswhere over
San Juan: three witnesses were surprised to see a house-sized
luminous craft spinning in the night skies over a historic
landmark -- Fort San Cristóbal -- in the city's old section. An
object surmounted by a red light flew in front of an apartment
building facing the Condado Lagoon. According to the professional
couple who witnessed its maneuvers, the object turned its light
off as it flew by, remaining a dark mass against the sky.
     The Moca Vampire's activity persisted well into the summer:
On June 25th, it killed 25 farm animals outside of Isabela, P.R..
Fourteen fighting cocks were later exanguinated by the same
predator, this time in Yauco, P.R.. As the summer wore on, the
"vampire", its appetite seemingly sated, diminished its activity
before vanishing altogether in August 1975.
     UFO researcher and journalist John Keel, in his landmark book
The Eighth Tower (Dutton, 1975), makes several observations which
can be applied to the paranormal events which occured in the
Caribbean during the '70s and which would repeat themselves years
later. One of the reasons for the apparent imperviousness of these
so-called monsters to bladed weapons or bullets (the reader will
recall the number of Bigfoot cases in the U.S. in which high-power
rifles apparently have no effect on these entities) is due to the
fact that they are composed of "highly condensed atoms" such as
those in plutonium.
     Keel goes on to theorize that if dense, probably radioactive,
atoms account for these creature's composition, it would explain
why these manifestations have such brief existences in our
material world. When first materialized, Keel suggests, these
creatures pose no threat to humans, but as their atomic integrity
deteriorates,   they  might   easily  project   lethal   radiation.
Investigators following the trail of the Chupacabras in 1995, both
in Puerto Rico and Central America, reportedly found considerably
high radiation readings at the locations in which the entity
staged its attacks.
     Across the Mona Passage
     Another puzzling streak of animal mutilations occurred in the
Dominican Republic -- separated from Puerto Rico by the narrow
body of water known as the Mona Passage -- three years after the
Moca Vampire entered into legend. The killings took place on the
Dominican Republic's border with Haiti, near the sugar-producing
region on the Bay of Ocoa, between late 1977 and early 1978. The
grisly events were almost a replay of the Puerto Rican scenario:
mutilations, accompanied by strange lights and bizarre creatures,
tormented the cane-cutters of the town of Barahona, who claimed
that a "gigantic dog" was slaying and eating domestic animals in
the dead of the night. This monstrous canine possessed above
average intelligence, being apparently able to enter locked pens
and cages to    extract the last drop of blood from its victims,
which consisted largely of cats, hens and rabbits. Dominican
officials scorned any extraterrestrial or paranormal suggestions,
stating that the mutilations were merely "a joke in the poorest of
taste" perpetrated by the poor inhabitants of this agricultural
area. The fact that the locals could ill afford sacrificing their
animals for the sake of a prank was deemed irrelevant.
     The Dominican newspaper El Caribe reported in its December
18, 1978 issue that a strange animal with canine characteristics
was devouring chickens, roosters, rabbits and other domestic
animals: "According to the locals' beliefs, the baca or dundun
(Voodoo entities) of some local merchant is responsible for the
carnage. They say that it might also be an "evil spirit" sent by a
rural warlock, or a witch who broke her covenant with the Dark
Powers and is roaming through the night."
     A ghostly entity was in fact reported in the wake of the
Barahona mutilations. Eyewitnesses to its activities described it
as having the body of a long-haired woman clad in black, but with
her mouth, eyes and nose appeared to be covered "by something
resembling cotton" (ectoplasm?).
     The mutilations were closely followed by a number of
"occupant" sightings as the flap reached its peak: Cone-shaped
beings were seen in November 1978 by five women in Santo Domingo,
the island-nation's capital. Three creatures,twice the height of
the tallest human, carrying lanterns on their abdomens, descended
a steep hillside to surround an automobile that braked to a
screeching halt. The automobile's headlights died as the witnesses
heard sounds which they assumed were blows being inflicted upon
the vehicle by the conical trio. Their terrified screams attracted
the attention of neighbors, who came to their aid. Not a trace was
found of the bizarre creatures, nor of the automobile they had
apparently surrounded.


     Wings over Miami
     The city of Miami is generally associated with events of a
worldlier nature. After all, we hardly need to be reminded of
"Miami Vice" and its attendant fashion statements. But even the
Sunshine State's largest city has not been immune to paranormal
events involving strange creatures.
     One such event took place on January 9, 1976: Sergio Cervera
and his teenage daughter Mercedes had been driving along Miami's
9th Street at two o'clock in the afternoon when a shadow fell over
their car. Thinking at first that it was merely another cloud,
Cervera suddenly became aware that the shadow had a distinctly
bird-like configuration, measuring between 16 and 20 feet across.
Experiencing a moment of confusion, he turned to his daughter and
asked her if she had noticed anything unusual. Mercedes, rather
frightened, said that she'd noticed the ghostly form of an
enormous bird flying over their vehicle, and even heard the
beating of its unearthly wings.
     Neither Cervera nor his daughter ever saw the phenomenon
again, but the former was suddenly reminded of a series of strange
experiences he had undergone earlier that same week: he had been
followed everywhere he went by a strange-looking man dressed in
black, whom he at first thought to be a priest but without the
white clerical collar. The mysterious MIB kept his distance, and
quit following him precisely the day before the phantom bird
incident.

     Wings Across the Water
     Did the Moca Vampire -- whatever it was -- migrate from
country to country spreading havoc, much in the same way that its
successor, the Chupacabras, would do twenty years later? No one
can say for sure, but the apparition of the "Owlman" in the United
Kingdom lends a certain credence to this assumption.
     On April 17, 1976, June Melling, 12, and her sister Vicki,9,
saw a thoroughly strange creature flying over a church spire in
Mawnan, Cornwall. June's sketch of the unusual phenomenon shows a
feathered humanoid figure with a sinister face. This experience
would have probably been written off a youthful imagining had it
not repeated itself three months later, when teenagers Barbara
Perry and Sally Chapman encountered a similar creature while
camping in the woods. Sally Chapman's sketch of what she saw on
the evening of July 3, 1976 became a classic of cryptoozoology.
The following note accompanied Ms. Chapman's description: "I saw
this monster bird last night. It stood like a man, then if flew up
through the trees. It is as big as a man. Its eyes are red and
shine brightly."
     When originally confronted with the improbable creature, both
teenagers laughed, thinking someone had dressed up in an owl
costume to give them a fright. All levity was dispelled when the
beast flew straight up into the air, and the young women were able
to see its clawed feet. The Owlman did not stage a reappearance
until 1978, when an anonymous witness claimed having seen "a
monster flying through the trees near Mawnan Church."
     The Owlman apparently did not leave behind the same bloody
trail as the phenomenon which had taken place a year earlier in
Puerto Rico, but its avian quality nonetheless suggests some sort
of connection with the mystery.
     Conclusions
     In many respects, apparitions of unknown predatory creatures
appear to follow a sort of pattern which defies our understanding.
As exemplified by the enigmatic hyena-like beasts seen in Egypt,
it appears to be a slightly modified replay of events which can be
traced as far back as medieval times. The points of contact
between the Moca Vampire and the Chupacabras are too numerous to
mention, but foremost among them are the unknown predator's
dietary habits and the almost identical response to it by
officialdom and the press. Not only were there curious
coincidences (such as the similarity of surnames among the police
superintendents), but the very cyclical nature of the mutilations
appeared to repeat itself twenty years later.
     Both in the 1970s and 1990s, the phenomenon transcended the
island of Puerto Rico to manifest itself in other countries
(although descriptions of the entity, always contradictory, varied
from one nation to the other) before extinguishing itself
altogether. Does it then follow that in as the vernal equinox of
2015 rolls around, we will be treated to another "bout" of strange
bloodsucking mutilators?

An Aeronautical History of Flying Saucers
by Manuel Carballal
[Excerpted from his book "Saucers Unveiled!", 1995]

     The concept of "flying saucers" has become synonymous with
that of UFO, and by logical extension, to "extraterrestrial
spacecraft." The truth is that these concepts are not necessarily
related.
     Long before Kenneth Arnold initiated the modern age of the
societal phenomenon known as UFO, there were already "flying
saucers" that had little in common with spacecraft from other
planets.
     Any enthusiast of aviation history will have encountered
sketches of "flying saucers" and discoidal aircraft more than once
in aviation catalogues and publications. In his own day, Leonardo
Da Vinci had already sketched the outlines of circular vehicles:
war wagons, movable fortresses, and other artifacts which, had
they been endowed with the power of flight, would be the perfect
ancestors of our "flying saucers."
     Later on, in 19th century Germany, as a foreshadowing of the
Nazi saucers which have given modern ufologists such migraines,
mathematician and aviation theoretician August Wilhelm Zachariae,
nowadays forgotten by aeronautical history, experimented with
circular wing prototypes. In 1922, Lee Richards, an Englishman,
developed a circular wing aircraft in Britain which should have
been able to attain speeds of 130 KMH and a taxiing speed of some
35 KMH.
     During the 1930's, a number of circular wing aircraft were
built in the United States, some of which would eventually confuse
ufologists, who took them as evidence of UFOs which had crashed on
American soil. On one hand, H. Zimmerman conducted several tests
in 1932 with a variety of circular wing aircraft inside a wind
tunnel in order to prove the lesser degree of distension in their
extremities. The results of these tests were published in
"Technical Report 431," issued by NACA (known today as NASA),
producing a genuine sensation and leading to the creation of US
patent 2,108,093. A practical use for them would be found later on
in the "Chance Vought 173" whose maiden flight occurred in 1942.
     Another of these designs, which according to German
aeronautical magazines, "should have been endowed with good short-
landing characteristics," was the first of the Caldwell aircraft.
     A former carpenter, Jonathan E. Caldwell had learned
aeronautical engineering on his own. His natural aptitude for that
discipline was such that he managed to create his very own
aircraft manufacturing company. The Gray Goose Company--Caldwell's
enterprise--had designed at least two kinds of circular wing
aircraft. One of them was a small helicopter featuring a
conventional fuselage, but mounted over the cockpit was a tripod
which held a large disk, four meters in diameter, with protruding
gyrating blades.
      The other prototype, which was by far more sophisticated,
boasted a structure closely resembling that of a spool, composed
of two steel-reinforced plywood frames, which resembled large
cheese boxes. Both sections--designed to rotated in opposite
directions and equipped with a short-bladed rotor that protruded
around the edges--were separated by the pilot's cockpit, which was
located near the engine bracket.
      In spite of the fact that Caldwell's circular-wing aircraft
test flights began in 1935, I have references from the University
of Miami that indicate the same design of aircraft at least a year
earlier.
      In May 1949, officers of the U.S. Air Force assigned to the
collection and study of UFO reports received a letter from a
Maryland citizen who claimed having purchased stock in the Gray
Goose Company, a small local firm engaged in building odd aircraft
similar to the "flying saucers" bandied about by the press in
those days. We must keep in mind that two years earlier, the
psychosocial phenomenon known as UFO had kicked off on June 24,
1947.
      Following up on the Marylander's claims, an Air Force team,
accompanied by the Maryland Police, visited a old farm in Glen
Burnie which had doubled as a hangar for Caldwell's local
aeronautics firm. The remains of a pair of Jonathan Caldwell's
circular-wing aircraft were discovered inside a ramshackle hut
located in this suburb of Baltimore.
      Apparently, his skill with aircraft did not match his
business sense, and this led him to bankruptcy. The resourceful
Caldwell had no problem with selling stock in his company whenever
he had financial difficulties, and such disintegration led him to
ruination. Around 1940, When the Maryland tax authorities began to
take an interest in the engineer's file, he disappeared, leaving
behind the remains of his earliest "flying saucers."
      In time, researchers managed to find a man who had allegedly
piloted one of Caldwell's circular-wing aircraft over Washington,
D.C. ten years earlier. Based on the date of the presumptive
flight and in the pilot's description, who stated that the
Caldwell airplane had not risen above a few tens of meters during
the span of a few minutes, the Air Force concluded that those
prototypes could not be responsible for the "flying saucer"
reports that were being received from all around the country.
Nonetheless, the photographs of the remains found in the Gray
Goose Corporation's shed, the early American prototypes of
circular-wing craft, have frequently appeared in UFO books and
magazines related to alleged "crashed" saucers.

The Reich's Flying Saucers
     In its February 1989 issue, the German magazine Flugzeug
published the following report made by a German aviation official
who, allegedly, been the protagonist of the astonishing sighting
involving a "flying saucer" at the Prag-Gbell (formerly Praha-
Kbely) aerodrome in 1943. The controversial report follows:
     "Place of Sighting: C 14 Flight School at the Prag-Gbell
aerodrome. Date of Event: August/September 1943, supposedly on a
Sunday (I seem to recall there were no services on that day. The
weather was good, dry and sunny. Kind of Observation: "I was with
my flight comrades on the air strip, more precisely, near the
school buildings, some 2000 meters away from the arsenal (located
to the extreme left). See adjoining diagram.
     The device was inside the hangar: a disk some 5-6 meters in
diameter. Its body is relatively large at the center. Underneath,
it has four tall, thin legs. Color: Aluminum. Height: Almost as
tall as a man. Thickness: some 30 - 40 cm., with an rim of
external rods, perhaps square orifices.
     The upper part of the body (almost a third of the total
height) was shrunken over the upper half of the disk. It was flat
and rounded. See the attached sketch for the lower half.
     Along with my friends, I saw the device emerge from the
hangar. It was then that we heard the roar of the engines, we saw
the external side of the disk begin to rotate, and the vehicle
began moving slowly and in a straight line toward the southern end
of the field. It then rose almost 1 meter into the air. After
moving around some 300 meters at that altitude, it stopped again.
Its landing was rather rough.
     We had to leave the area while some custodians pushed the
vehicles toward the hangar. Later on, the "thing" took off again,
managing to reach the end of the aerodrome this time.
     Afterwards, I made a note in my flight log of the members of
the FFS C14 who were present at the moment: Gruppenfluglehrer
(group flight instructor) Ofw. Michelsen; Fluglehrer Uffz. Kolh
und Buhler; Flugschüler (flight students): Ogefr, Klassmann,
Kleiner, Müller, Pfaffle, Schenk, Seifert, Seibert, Squarr, Stahn,
Weinberger, Zoebele, Gefr, Hering, Koza, Sitzwohl, Voss, and
Waluda."
     Certainly,    even  Flugzeug's  editors   treat   the   report
cautiously:   "the   device  described   by  these   observers   is
antithetical to those described by Schreiver, Habermohl, Miethe,
and Bellonzo with their vast basic dimensions." And these German
experts cannot be mistaken, since it is known to all of those who
are well-versed in aeronautics that during the history of Nazi
aviation at least two circular-wing aircraft were built, and
fifteen others were designed, although there remains the
possibility that the object supposedly tested at Prag-Gbell was
one of the prototypes destroyed by the Nazis in order to keep it
from falling into Allied hands after the fall of the Third Reich.
     The history of German "flying saucers," unmindful of
previously mentioned antecedents such as the designs of August
Wilhelm Zachariae, begins with Alexander Lippisch, who developed
his Delta-winged rocket-fighter, the Me-163, since early 1939 for
Augsburg's Messerschmitt, and which was later produced in a
series. Lippisch also researched the circular-wing endeavors of
1940-41 in AVA's wind tunnel at Gottingen, although without
obtaining spectacular results.
     Toward the late '30s, another German was also designing
circular aircraft, even more interesting than the ones by
Zachariae. His name was Arthur Sack, a farmer from Machern (near
Leipzig). A fan of model aviation, Sack decided to put aside the
speculation about "flying saucers" and get working on one such
model. Although aeronautical publications such as Luftfarhrt
International, Air International, and RAF Flying Review published
photos of this "Nazi UFO", we have no idea what inspired Sack, yet
his saucer exists: It is a flat, circular aircraft, sporting the
colors of the German Luftwaffe. Only two photographs with no
additional details have been preserved.
     The "saucer", with its impeccable military aspect, has a
canopy reminiscent of the old M-109, the star of World War II
fighters. The existence of a wooden propeller and a rigid spur can
lead one to speculate that this vehicle was intended as a worthy
opponent to the Mustangs, Thunderbolts, and popular Spitfires of
the Allies.

AS6, The Story of a Nazi "UFO"
     The public presentation of Sack's flying saucer took place
during the celebration of the First National Contest for Air
Models With Combustion Motors,held on the 27 and 28 of June, 1939
in Leipzig-Mockau (Germany).
     Arthur Sack's model measured 1,250 mm and weighed 4,500
grams, powered by a built-in Kratmo-30 motor, 0.65 V and 4,500 RPM
with a propeller measuring 600mm in diameter.
     Those participating in the event, which was wisely held
behind closed doors, had to cover a round-trip flight utilizing
the simplest guidance mechanism available. Nonetheless, this early
attempt at using small models for tactical reconnaissance purposes
proved to be a resounding failure. Most of the models, fitted with
the so-called "self-guidance device" and their respective motors,
displayed their worst qualities.
     The only truly remotely guided model, built by Sinn, broke
down at the starting line, while another, equipped with a steam
turbine built by Soll, caught fire. It was a veritable disaster.
     Sack didn't escape the rash of bad luck. His "flying saucer"
was unable to lift off the ground, and finally, Sack had to throw
it into the air himself. After this "assisted takeoff", the model
managed to perform 100 meters of stable flight, just barely
reaching the finish line. Sack fine-tuned his designed following
this experience in order to achieve longer, quicker flights. In
spite of it all, Arthur Sack was extremely fortunate, since among
the spectators to the event was General-Air Minister Udet, who was
deeply impressed by the concept.
     Udet became a strong supporter of the military use of "flying
saucers," assigning them the role hitherto developed for barrage
balloons. He promised Sack that he would "smooth the road for
further research."
     No sooner said than done: Arthur Sack built some additional
"flying saucer" models prior to beginning the construction of a
manned aircraft in the midst of the war years at the MIMO plant
(Mitteldeutsche Motorwerke) in Leipzig. The final design, which
received the nomenclature of AS6, was completed at the Brandis
flight shop (Flugplatz-Werkstatt) in early 1944.
     The very first AS6 prototype was equipped with an Argus 10cc,
140 HP engine, and a 6.40 meters thick circular wing with a
Gottinger profile. For a flight weight estimated at some 750 - 800
kgs., the wing load must have been some 25 to 30 kilos per square
meter. Therefore, it almost fit within the measurement parameters
of a Klemm 25D.
     Finally, with the prototype already in the hangar, all that
was needed was to find a pilot--which Sack was not--and begin
testing.
     Baltabol, the very same flight leader of the ATG (formerly
known as DFW) began to work on the AS6 in April, 1944. He remarked
upon seeing the saucer: "The aircraft makes a very positive
impression, and its external aspect is very good. However, it
cannot be categorically described as a clean piece of work, taking
into consideration the resources available at Brandis for its
utilization."
     Baltabol's statement turned out to be prophetic, as the first
experiments   with  the   "flying   saucer"  were   burdened   with
complications. During the prototype's initial roll-out, both the
shape and an unfortunate pedal adjustment caused the rudder and
the brake to fail. A crack in the spur put a premature end to this
early attempt.
     In the April 1979 issue, Lufthart International, the German
aeronautical magazine, detailed the first test flights by the Nazi
flying saucer.
     "The spur was strengthened later on by a steel rail in the
fashion of a faired beam, and as soon as the pedal was relocated
to a more convenient position, the test flight took place.
Baltabol attempted five takeoffs from the 1.2 Km runway at
Brandis, but the rudder was extremely hard. The right strut on the
landing gear cracked during the final effort."
     Upon examination of this problem, the pilot's advice
regarding the tranference of the landing gear some 20 cm. to the
rear was implemented, a move that required reinforcement of the
aircraft's rear. But in the end, the measure would be redoubled,
since the builders believed that the landing gear should be moved
back by 40 cm., which would cause the prototype's nose to tip
forward, and Baltabol refused to accept the responsibility for a
takeoff under such conditions, particularly considering the
subsequent changes effected to the rudder and the braking pedals.
     In spite of these and other modifications, the AS6 did not
take off on its following test: after rolling down the runway some
600 meters, the aircraft's nose showed no inclination whatsoever
to lift off the ground.
     New modifications were made and a new attempt was executed.
This time, the saucer would roll to the runway's maximum length of
700 meters in total calm (there was no wind). When Baltabol
accelerated, the AS6 picked up speed and after 500 meters down the
runway, its landing gear lifted off the ground. The Nazi saucer
had made its first leap into space.
     However, the illusion was as brief as the leap itself. The
aircraft touched down once more, and after several pilot-
controlled bounces, Baltabol decided to forgo the takeoff attempt
upon seeing the end of the runway grow dangerously near. For the
following test, Baltabol took advantage of lift forces, causing
the machine to roll at a greater angle, thus obtaining a longer--
but not higher--skyward jump. A sequel to the test, conducted the
same day, did not meet greater success, since the propeller gave
the vehicle a strong inclination which interfered with its
movement.
     According to Lufthart, Baltabol suggested that a new series
of wind-tunnel experiments be performed in order to calibrate the
vehicle's exact flight and takeoff characteristics. Later on, it
would be another pilot, Franz Rosle, who would test Sack's flying
saucer in the summer of 1994, although he too would experience
certain difficulties, such as a new crack in the landing gear.
     The harried final month of the war surprised the Brandis
field, interrupting testing on the AS6. From that moment onward,
the prototype's story is lost amid the confusion of the armed
conflict. Nonetheless, Lufthart points out that in the fall of
that very same year, a flying saucer was sighted over the
Neubiderg aerodrome, near Munich. There exists the possibility
that this UFO was proof that the AS6 had finally overcome all its
technical setbacks.
     In any case, the AS6's complex history, from a model imagined
by a German farmer to its manufacture as a Nazi military
prototype, constitutes a fine example of the existence of "flying
saucers" half a century ago, which bore no relation whatsoever
with alien spacecraft...and it wasn't the only one.

The Myth of the Wonder Machines
     In 1959, German publishing house J.F. Lehmanns Verlag, based
in Munich, was publishing the third edition of Die Deutschen
waffen   und   geimwaffen   en   des   2    Weltkriegs  und   ihre
Weiterentwicklung (Germany's Weapons and Secret Weapons of the
Second World War and their Later Development). The author of this
German manual was Major Rudolf Lusar, who devoted a section of the
chapter entitled "Special Devices" to Nazi saucer designs.
     Among other things, Lusar declared: "German scientists and
researchers took the first steps toward such flying saucers during
the last war, and even built and tested such flying devices, which
border on the fantastic. According to information confirmed by
experts and collaborators, the first projects involving "flying
discs" began in 1941. The blueprints for these projects were
furnished by German experts Schriever, Habermohl, Miethe, and the
Italian expert Bellonzo.
     "Habermohl and Schriever chose a flat hoop which spun around
a fixed pilot's cabin in the shape of a dome. It consisted of
steerable disc wings which enabled, according to the direction of
their placement, in horizontal takeoff or flight. Miethe developed
a kind of disk 42 meters in diameter, to which steerable nozzles
had been attached. Schriever and Habermohl, who had worked
together in Prague, took off on 14 February 1945 in the first
"flying disc." They attained a height of 12,400 meters in three
minutes and a horizontal flight speed of 2000 KMH. It had been
expected to reach speeds of up to 4000 KMH.
     "Massive initial tests and research work were involved prior
to undertaking the manufacture of the project. Due to the high
rate of speed and the extraordinary heat demands, it was necessary
to find particular materials in order to resist the effects of the
high temperatures. Project development,which had run into the
millions, was practically concluded by the final days of the war.
All existing models were destroyed at the end of the conflict, but
the factory at Breslau in which Miethe had worked fell into the
hands of the Soviets, who seized all the material and technical
personnel and shipped them to Siberia, where successful work on
"flying saucers" is still being conducted.
     "Schreiver was able to leave Prague on time, but Habermohl
must be in the Soviet Union, since nothing more is known
concerning his whereabouts. The aged German builder, Miethe, is in
the United States developing, it is said, "flying saucers" for the
A.V. Roe Company in the U.S.A. and in Canada..."
     These daring and questionable statements by Major Lusar,
which were written in the midst of the European flying saucer
craze of the Fifties, have fired the imaginations of many
ufologists. However, it is our duty to point out that experts in
aeronautical history have severely criticized these paragraphs,
such as the critique which appeared in the May-June 1975 issue of
Luftfahrt International.
     The myth about Schreiver's "flying top" and the other
fantastic discoidal aircraft designs quoted by Lusar would have no
currency whatsoever, were it not for the large number of
journalistic references from that time which allude to such
vehicles. While it the "magical" technology of the "flying tops"
described by Lusar is incompatible with the fits and starts to get
the AS6 airborne, it would be absurd to utterly deny their
existence as a result of contradictory names and dates of the
different journalists who dealt with the matter. It is enough to
read a chronicle of a given modern event in five different
newspapers to find an endless number of contradictions.
     W.A. Harbison, author of Genesis, documented his tale with
personal research in West German archives and periodical
libraries, discovering large amounts of press and magazine
clippings, all dating to the Fifties, concerning Rudolf Schriever
and his astonishing discoidal designs.
     To this end, we questioned Justo Miranda, an aviation
historian and model-maker with 20 years' experience, founder of
the A Escala modelling magazine and an expert on terrestrial UFOs.
     Miranda confirms the fact that the Germans indeed built
several saucers. "The first one among them to fly was a
conventional vehicle (the AS6 V 1 described earlier), which was
powered by a propeller motor, and taxied up and down the runway
without ever taking off in April 1944. This low level of
performance shouldn't surprise us, since Professor Alexander
Lippisch, in cooperation with Messerchmitt, demonstrated in 1941
that circular wings (profile K 1253) had very low aerodynamic
performance. On the other hand, Johnson and Caldwell, in the
United States, unsuccessfully built similar devices in 1935-36
(they went bankrupt).
     "They tried again during wartime with the U.S. Navy's Chance
Vought XF5U-1, which was rejected for active service in spite of
the addition of all kinds of rudders which shattered the circular
wing principle. Aerodynamically speaking, circular wings aren't
efficient. A half-moon or capital "D" shape, with the flat part
toward the back, is much better. There can be no doubt about it.
     "But there exists another path. The Germans discovered
through the use of the rotating wing vehicle, which is in essence
an autogiro with a multibladed propeller, some of them touching
others, forming a perfect circle and linked together by an outer
ring and a fixed central dome.
     "The tube that emerges from the lower part is the jet
exhaust, which could be moved to maneuver in mid flight (like
squid do). Blade rotation was accelerated and aimed upward for
take-off. Upon acquiring speed--and tremendous inertia--the blade
angle was changed from -3 to +3 degrees, and the device would take
off all of a sudden. There was no need for a system to maintain
the cockpit stationary, since the blades rotated independently,
with no torsion factor as is the case with autogiros.
     "The prototype flew in the Prague aerodrome in 1943. It was a
very promising design and its only flaw was its flight control. It
seems that the final version had two engines: one with a steerable
double exhaust over the disc itself and another underneath it.
     "I believe they would have managed to control the
differential flow of the four jets to obtain some rudimentary form
of control, but without the use of computers, they would have not
managed this before the war's end.
     " Closing the blades with an angle of zero to form a
continuous surface, the device would have been able to attain
"high subsonic speeds" (about 0.8 Mach) and a considerable
altitude. In a preliminary computation, a wing 30 meters in
diameter with two HeSO11 jets would reach a height of 25,000
meters without any loss of control. An impressive reconnaissance
craft, and a long range bomber as well! But not the wonder machine
that ufologists would have at be...
     Justo Miranda's expert analysis lead to a variety of paths of
reflection. To Miranda and other aeronautical experts, putting
aside the exaggeration and mystifications of conspiracy-minded
ufologists, it is a fact that the Germans indeed built "flying
saucers" and other surprising aircraft destined to change the
course of history.
     After the Nazi capitulation, the allies made off with
documentation enabling them to reconstruct scientifically, and
even technologically construct, revolutionary aviation prototypes
designed by the German air force during World War II with the
intention of changing the aircraft concept. The "Miracle Fighter",
for example.

     The Miracle Fighter
     The fantastic Focke-Wulf "miracle fighter" is one of the few
German   secret  designs   which  was   developed  into  publicly
acknowledged military airplanes.
     Its story begins in 1942. German aeronautical research
records for that year include a report by the Aerodynamic Testing
Center in Gottingen, entitled "The Flying Wing". In this report,
authors E. Von Holst, D. Küchermann and K. Solf examined the
possibility of conceiving an aircraft that would combine the
propulsion and lifting bodies, based on the flight of dragonflies
as a source of inspiration. The original idea called for a
powerful, fuselage-mounted propulsion engine to power two wide-
diameter, inverse-rotation propellers. The lightweight and simple
turboprop engine had not yet been developed. As     Carlos     Simó
correctly points out in the Encyclopedia Más Allá de los Ovnis,
such a vertical take-off device could revolutionize German
aeronautics.
     In the fall of 1944, the "miracle fighter" project had been
calculated with great detail, and when compared to other fighters
from the same time period, it should have had extraordinary flight
performance: 1000 KMH had been calculated as its maximum ground
speed, and some 840 KMH at an altitude of 11,000 m.. The initial
elevation speed would be 25 meters per second, which would be
reduced to 20 meters per second at cruising altitude.
     Setbacks in the development of the propellers, according to
Sengfelder, and the utter defeat of the Germans, kept this most
interesting aircraft from ever making it off the drawing board.
The blueprints fell into American hands, who realized in June 1945
that an advanced fighter was about to be born. These documents
were stamped SECRET and the ramjet-powered wing was never
officially built.
     Nonetheless, in spite of the belief that the miracle fighter
was never officially developed, the fact is that the U.S.--
ultimate destination of the information liberated from the Nazis--
built at least two aircraft suspiciously similar to the
revolutionary German project.
     These were the Lockheed XFV-1 "Tailsitter" and the Convair
XFY-1 "Pogo", both equipped with fixed wings. In either case,
propulsion was provided by means of a 5,850 HP Allison YT40-A-14
turbine, and two reverse propellers 4.8 meters in diameter.
Although test flights could be completed with relatively favorable
results, the U.S. Navy was not interested in "tail take-off" and
the project was abandoned. This is, at least, the official story.

UFOs or Prototypes?
     On December 13, 1944, the South Wales Argus published a
surprising article which read: "The Germans have built a secret
weapon coinciding with the holiday season. The new device, which
appears to be an aerial defense weapon, resembles the glass
ornaments used to decorate Christmas trees. They have been seen
suspended in the air over German territory, sometimes alone, and
sometimes in groups. They are silver in color and appear to be
transparent."
     Soon after, on January 2, 1945, it was the New York Herald
Tribune who stated the following: "It seems the Nazis have sent a
novelty into the night skies over Germany. These are the strange
and enigmatic spheres known as Foo Fighters, which run along the
wings of Beaufighter aircraft and secretly fly over Germany. For
more than a month now, pilots have encountered these seemingly-
unknown wonder weapons in their nocturnal flights. The fireballs
appear all of sudden, follow airplanes for kilometers at a time,
and according to official reports, appear to be guided from the
ground by radio."
     These fireballs described by the news media of the time are
known to ufologists as "Foo-Fighters," and Allied pilots
considered them to be, at the time, some sort of Nazi secret
weapon.
     In 1968, Italian author Renato Vesco published his classic
Intercept-But Don't Shoot, in which he states the theory that UFOs
are secret earthbound weapons. In his book, Vesco also takes on
the tricky "Foo-Fighters," presenting several sightings and
developing his theory concerning secret weapons: "On November 27,
1944, in the vicinity of the German city of Speier, pilots Giblin
and Clerry ran across an enormous, glowing orange light which
flew, at a speed of nearly 500 miles an hour, just scant meters
over their fighter..."
     "At 0600 hours on December 22, at an altitude of ten thousand
feet, near Hagenau, two very large and glowing orange lights rose
quickly from the ground and straight toward us. Once airborne,
they followed our airplane under perfect control (by ground
controllers). Their fire seemed to extinguish as they headed off."
The remainder of this report is censored. Evidently, it discussed
the unforeseen "illness" of the on-board radar.
     Two nights later, the same pilots crossed the Rhine and were
surprised by a flaming red ball that suddenly "turned into a sort
of airplane whose upper half was built like a wing. It then glided
away and vanished." Other censored paragraphs follow.
     Based on the report of flight officers like these, and the
fact that the Allies discovered components of the Feuerball, Vesco
believes that such cases are no way natural phenomena,
electrostatic or atmospheric (St. Elmo's Fire, globe lightning,
etc.) Kicking off from this premise, Renato Vesco identifies the
Foo Fighters with secret antirradar weapons.
     "In the fall of 1944, an experimental center sponsored by the
Luftwaffe at Oberammergau, in the Bavarian Alps, should have
finished research on electrical devices capable of interfering
with running engines at a maximum distance of 30 meters by means
of intense electromagnetic fields. Damaging the ignition circuits
of an airplane engine would have caused the vehicle to fall from
the sky. To make the invention efficient and practical, German
technicians hoped to at least triple the useful radius of the
weapon, but by the time the war was over, experiments to this end
were barely even on the drawing boards.
     "Meanwhile, as a subproduct of this research for immediate
military use, another center under the joint control of the Speer
Ministry and the S.S. Technical High Command had adopted the
concept of "radio proximity disturbances" of interference on the
much more delicate and vulnerable electronic devices found on
American fighter planes.
     "This, a round, shielded flying machine was born, more or
less similar to the shell of a large turtle. It flew by means of a
special jet engine, also flattened and circular, reminiscent of
Hiero's Aeolipile, and generating a great halo of luminous flame.
It was both unmanned and unarmed. Radio-controlled up until
takeoff, the device would then automatically follow enemy
aircraft, attracted by their exhaust fumes and approaching them
without colliding, which was enough to throw their radar equipment
into disarray.
      "The flaming peripheral halo was obtained by means of a very
"rich" combustion and chemical additives which intensely ionized
the atmosphere near the airplane, subjecting on-board radar to
powerful static fields, generated by large shielded klystron radio
tubes which provided special anti-collision and anti-thermal
protection.
      "A metallic arc flowing with alternating current in the
proper frequency (in other words, equal to those used by the radar
station) can block the blips--the return signals appearing on the
screen. The Feuerballs, while visible at night, practically eluded
the reach of the most powerful American tracking devices of the
time.
      "The device's builders hoped that Allied aviators, once the
"harmlessness" of the luminous globes had been determined, would
abstain from opening fire on them out of fear of being engulfed in
the aftermath of an explosion. In fact, on more than one occasion,
American pilots believed that there was some German technician on
the ground with his finger poised on a button, ready to make the
Foo Fighter blow up.
      "The Feuerball project was originally started at the Wiener
Neustadt aeronautical installations, with the collaboration of
Flugfunk Forschunganstalt (FFO) in Oberpfaffenhoffen for missile
guidance (but was it really a missile?). The first witnesses of
the device's early test flights, not yet equipped with its
electronic gadgetry, stated that "...by day, it resembled a
luminous disc spinning around its own axis, and looked like a
burning balloon at night."
      "Hermann Goering inspected the project several time, because
he expected--as indeed happened--that the mechanical principle
could result in an offensive weapon capable of revolutionizing the
field of aerial warfare.
      "When the Russians began advancing into Austria, construction
of the first Feuerballs was apparently continued at underground
workshops in the Black Forest, operating under Zeppelin Werke. The
klystron tubes were provided by the Forschunganstalt der Deutschen
Reichpost (FDRP) division of Aach b. Radolfzell on Lake Constance,
and later, also by Gehlberg. These latter products would be of a
lower quality than the previous ones, which demanded the
simultaneous use of more "Feuerballs" operating in formations."

     Vesco's   information   on  the  Feuerballs   is  obviously
disconcerting, particularly if we keep in mind that some pilots
stated the balls of fire were capable of piercing through the
fuselage and the cockpits of their airplanes. And more so if we
consider that this same phenomenon (fire balls) has occurred in
many other paranormal contexts.
     While there are at least two well-know photographs of Foo
Fighters taken by aviators, there also exist photos of identical
"fireballs" taken during spiritist sessions at the turn of the
century, during alleged Marian apparitions, in parapsychic
contexts, etc. On the other hand, and according to a number of
authors, when the Allied seized Berlin they discovered that the
very same Foo Fighters they considered to be Nazi secret weapons,
were taken by German flyers to be American or British secret
weapons, which they had also seen and photographed...
     The Foo Fighter mystery, therefore, persists up to this very
day, since pilots continue being assaulted by strange balls of
flame. One of the most important modern cases was the one
involving a commercial flight of the Spantax airline between
Tenerife and Las Palmas (Canary Islands) on September 17, 1968,
piloted by Cmdr. Julián Rodríguez Bustamante.
     The official files on this case, which the Spanish Ministry
of Defense considered Top Secret for over 25 years, were recently
declassified. It is surprising to see that the phenomenon
witnessed by Cmdr. Rodríguez and his co-pilot Ibáñez Rubia is
described as a Foo Fighter by the Air Operations Command, when it
is immediately and incorrectly related with the controversial
phenomenon of ball lightning (the identification of Foo Fighters
with ball lightning stems from the cooperation of two civilian
ufologists with the Spanish Air Force. Their tendentious
evaluations and arguments regarding this case are utterly
groundless).
     At the time, Cmdr. Rodríguez told me, after recounting his
encounter in great detail, that he rejected the "secret weapon"
explanation of his UFO sighting. Of course, I agree it's highly
unlikely that secret Nazi weapons would have been tested in 1968,
and over Spanish skies yet.
     It seems that if Project Feuerball really existed, those
wonderful secret guided weapons would have been one thing, and the
Foo Fighters seen before the Second World War, and which still
pursue our pilots today, would have been something else.


Postwar Flying Saucers
     Some modern authors have fashioned a fantastic "consparanoid"
theory out of some myths concerning Nazi secrets, such as the
building of extremely sophisticated flying saucers, the Third
Reich's highly symbolic content, Hitler's esoteric education and
devotions, and the legend about the Nazi Empire's reemergence
after its reorganization in some other part of the world.
     W.A. Habinson, mentioned earlier, wrote that: "In May 1978,
at Stand 111 of a scientific expo at the Hannover Messe Hall, some
gentlemen were handing out what could at first glance be construed
as a conventional scientific magazine of condensed news articles,
entitled "Brisant." It contained two seemingly related articles.
One of them dealt with the scientific future of the Antarctic, and
another discussed Germany's WWII flying saucers. The saucer
article   stressed   all   the   aforementioned   information  (on
Schreiver's "Flying Top", Miethe's vehicle, etc.), but added that
the research centers for "Project Saucer" had been located in the
Bohemia and Mahren regions.
     "In regards to this, it should be noted that Prague is in
Bohemia (it seems one of the first trial flights of these craft
took place in Prague), which is more or less surrounded by the
Harz, Thuringia, and Mahren mountains. Vast subterranean research
complexes existed in this region, only a few hundred kilometers
from Prague.
     "The article also included reproductions of detailed designs
of a characteristic WWII saucer, making no mention of the
designer, and claiming that they had been altered by the West
German   government    in  order   to    make   their   publication
"innocuous"...added to this explanation, the anonymous author
pointed out later that during WWII, such devices, whether civilian
or military, had been submitted to the nearest patent office,
where they were automatically considered secret (in compliance
with lines 30a and 99 of the Patent-und Strafgesetsbuch) and taken
from their owners by the research agencies of Himmler's SS.
According to the article, some of these patents disappeared into
secret Russian archives at the war's end. Others did the same into
equally secret American and British archives. The remainder were
lost along with several members of the Waffen SS and German
scientists.
     "Since neither the British, nor the Americans, nor the
Russians will ever reveal what they discovered in Nazi Germany's
secret factories, it is worth noting that in 1945, Sir Roy Feddon,
one of the heads of the German tactical mission for the
Aeronautical Production Ministry reported: "I have seen enough of
their designs and production plans to understand that if they had
managed to protract the war only by a matter of months, we would
have been faced with a number of deadly elements from an entirely
new form of aerial warfare." Around 1956, Captain Edward J.
Ruppelt, then in charge of Project Blue Book, had stated: At the
end of World War II, Germany had developed several types of
airplanes and guided missiles, mostly still in the planning
stages, but they were the only devices similar to the UFO
phenomenon in their behavior."
     One of these circular aircraft was the V-173, better known by
its nickname--the Flying Flapjack.
     The V-173 had already been tested in 1942 based on the ideas
of Charles Zimmerman (mentioned earlier). When the saucer
psychosis broke out in the U.S. in 1947, the V-173 (perfected as
the XF5 U-1 later on) was blamed on all the UFO sightings made
over American skies. However, the XF5U-1 prototype crashed during
a test flight in 1948, and the V-173 was consigned to oblivion at
the U.S. Navy Air Station in Norfolk, Virginia.
     It is important to bear in mind that the UFO phenomenon kicks
off in 1947, in the form we now recognize, as a result of
observations   made  by   Kenneth   Arnold   over  Mount   Rainier.
Paradoxically, Arnold didn't see "flying saucers," rather, he
witnessed a formation of nine boomerang-like devices, or "D"-
shaped with the straight section aimed backward (the reader will
recall the comments made by Justo Miranda regarding this most
aerodynamic shape). It was a journalistic error that assigned
Arnold the term "flying saucer." What really matters is that the
saucer myth spread quickly across the U.S., and then throughout
the rest of the world.
     Arnold, along with subsequent authors, believed that he had
witnessed some secret weapon being tested, rather than alien
spacecraft. The years following the Mount Rainier sighting were
filled with scorn toward UFO witnesses and the suspicion that the
U.S. government was developing new secret military aircraft.
     A few years ago, a former American federal agent stationed at
the Spanish-American air base in Zaragoza, provided us a video
"for military use only" depicting the test flights of one of these
saucer-shaped vehicles. But the story of the Canadian-American
saucer had begun much earlier.

Other Postwar Saucers

     Shortly after Arnold unleashed America's saucer psychosis, a
former aviation official who was also a member of the 7th Air
Army's intelligence service at the end of the war, told the New
York press corps: "Nothing is easier to believe than that flying
saucers are the later development of a psychological antiaircraft
weapon that had already been used by the Germans. During nocturnal
missions over Germany, I was sometimes lucky enough to see discs
or luminous globes following our formations. It was known that
German nighttime fighters were equipped with powerful strobe
lights on their bows or within the propeller housing (strobes
which would suddenly bring their lights to bear upon the target,
partly to make more visible, but more than anything, to blind the
tailgunners on the bombers). Due to this, there were often alarms
which caused continuous nervous tension among the crews, affecting
their performance in combat. During the final year of the war, the
Germans sent a certain number of guided objects (the Feuerballs or
"foos") to tamper with the ignition systems on our engines and the
on-board radar. American scientist have probably adapted the
invention and are probably developing it to the new measures of
aerial attack and defense."
     This testimony in favor of the origin of UFOs as a postwar
development of secret weapons was far from being the only one. On
the other hand, the allusion to the concept of a "psychological
weapon" is very interesting. This very same notion is featured in
a memorandum from the CIA's director, released from official
secrecy by FOIA (Freedom of Information Act) and the legal
initiatives undertaken by Ground Saucer Watch in their lawsuit
against the CIA during the '70s, seeking to obtain the agency's
confidential UFO information.
     On the other hand, Andreas Epp, a theoretician of vertical
flight and a designer of flying saucers during World War II, and
who is still alive, told a German television producer that his
design had been "expropriated" and developed by Nazi engineers.
Furthermore, it had managed to fly prior to the war's conclusion.
Epp has two photos of his "flying saucer" in flight, taken in
Vienna near the end of the war. The fact is that Epp's photographs
are identical to those of any discoidal UFO seen today. Like many
others, he has no doubt that flying saucers exist, but are built
here on Earth.
     Naturally, there is an unsoundable chasm between military
saucer designs, held under the strictest secrecy, and those which
were subsequently developed by civilian aeronautics.
     July 9, 1953, witnessed the maiden flight of the Rolls-Royce
Thrust Testbed. The "Flying Bedstead", which provided invaluable
data for the VTOL program, lifted its 3000 kg. weight vertically
off the ground by means of the raw thrust provided by its escape
gases. Two 427 liter tanks gave it an endurance of only 10
minutes.
     Yet another example appeared in the scientific press, in
1961. It was the XR-62 Rotoplane, a VTOL aircraft (vertical take-
off and landing) capable of attaining speeds of 282 KMH and as its
very name indicates, depended on the rotation of its large 4-meter
circular wing. The Rotoplane had a rising speed of 180 miles a
minute, thanks to a 260 hp Lycoming engine permanently connected
to a variable-tilt propeller. Like any helicopter, the strange
circular airplane could hover in the air, and its promoter,
aeronautical engineer Ben Kaufman, was hoping to develop an entire
fleet for military and civilian applications in the future. The
circular airplane's original design was 7 meters long, 6.7 meters
wide, and 2.4 meters tall. With two engines and a cargo capacity
of 50 kg., it had an overall weight of 840 kilograms. Its ceiling
was of 1300 meters.
     On the other hand, among the stack of papers that GSW manage
to retrieve from CIA archives after the judicial process based
upon the Freedom of Information Act, there were numerous
references to prototypes and designs for earthly UFOs. According
to these documents, Dr. Edward Ludwig told a Chilean journalist on
July 13, 1950, that the "flying saucers" being seen in the U.S.
reminded him of an entirely different kind of aircraft that was
being developed during the years in which he worked at Professor
Junker's research plant in Dessau. Needless to say, these were
discoidal craft.
     Another document makes reference to a patent for a "flying
saucer" presented in the former West Germany in 1952 by Rudolf
Schreiver (creator of the controversial "flying top"). In this
instance, there is mention of a test flight made over Prague in
1942. The "Nazi saucer" would have reached an altitude of 12,400
meters in 3 minutes, and a speed of 2,200 KMH.
     Mention must also be made of the disc-shaped vehicles--up to
20 meters in diameter--built in 1955 by John Searl, a British
engineer, or the antigravitational technology applied to discoidal
craft by Italian researcher Marcel Pages.
     There are many other examples. Many of them, still
experimental in the 1960's, are currently available in the
commercial market: these are the "domestic saucers". But before
moving on to them, and even at the risk of altering the
chronological order of this synthesis of the flying saucer's
aeronautical history, I think it's only fitting to return for a
moment to the myth of Nazi high-technology saucers and the legends
which originated the UFO phenomenon in the 1940's-1950's, as we
sift through the myth itself.
Voyage to the Land of the Living Dead
By Manuel Carballal

     The scene could have been derived from any suspense film.
Manuel Delgado instinctively held on tightly to his television
camera as we clutched our machetes. Our vehicle was being
surrounded by a dozen ebony-skinned Haitians. The blancs, as they
derisively call Europeans, are not welcome in Haiti and we had
been warned that under no circumstances should we venture into the
shanty towns outside Port-au-Prince where, we were told, "there
exists a 90 per cent chance of being mugged." We ignored this sage
advice, of course.
     After endless minutes of waiting, our guide allowed us to
emerge from the car. Monsieur Balaguer, an important bokor -- a
voodoo high priest -- would allow us to visit his hounfor or
temple. The hounfor consisted in a humble wooden shack whose
center contained the peristyle, the indispensable central column
of every voodoo ritual, by means of which the gods or loas descend
to earth. A filthy light bulb and seven candles enabled us to see
the disquieting form of Monsieur Balaguer, a tall man with
sparkling black eyes, who covered his head with a Stetson.
     While our guide stated all the arguments at his disposal in
order to have Monsieur Balaguer allow us to film his "she-devil"
and his "zombie", we were startled by a sudden blackout. The dirty
light bulb was extinguished, plunging us into the shadows,
illuminated only by the seven candles around the peristyle.
Balaguer greeted his "she-devil" -- supposedly located behind a
mysterious metal door -- by rapping on it a few times. From the
other side, "something" responded with brutal blows against the
door, causing the entire temple to shake. Suddenly we were told
that the bokor had to consult the loas: we looked on as Monsieur
Balaguer fell int a sort of trance, being "ridden" or possessed by
Bravo, one of the loas who shares the lordship over death and
cemeteries with Baron Samedi and Baron La Croix. Subjecting us to
a sort of "trial," exchanging a curious combinations of handshakes
to which we instinctively responded to, Balaguer drank rum through
an ear as he smoked a cigarette through one nostril.
     The fact of the matter is that in Haiti, Western patterns of
logic become fragile in the face of the unpredictable,
incomprehensible and irrational voodoo cult -- vodú in the native
tongue -- which originates from the Fon language of Dahomey,
meaning "deity" or "spirit." This is the precise nature of voodoo:
a spirit that envelops Haiti, influencing each and every cultural
or social manifestation of this small country, the poorest of the
Americas.
     Voodoo Reaches the Presidency
      No single cultural manifestation is longer-lasting or more
influential than a country's religion. In Haiti's case, this
influence becomes particularly apparent. In late 1995, when
President Bill Clinton visited Haiti to supervise the "changing of
the guard" -- American troops being replaced by UN peacekeepers,
more than four thousand Haitians converged upon the square in
front of the Presidential Palace in Port-au-Prince to witness the
event. President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, restored to power thanks
to the intervention of twenty thousand U.S. troops in October
1994, would preside over the event.
     Bill Clinton had barely finished his conciliatory speech
concerning military intervention in Haiti when a white dove landed
next to his microphone. Immediately, thousands of Haitians roared
their approval and applauded in the light of such an unequivocal
"sign of approval" from the gods. The Voodoo loas had accepted
Clinton. This "innocent coincidence" made thousands of Haitians--
and more importantly, secret societies like Bizango, who had
promised to protect the country against foreigners through magic--
put aside their anger against the new white invaders, respecting
the wishes of the gods. Voodoo is the main power in Haiti: no one
would dare contradict the wishes of the loas, or what is
interpreted as their wishes.
     From the days of Macandal, the pioneer of independence in the
18th century to the times of General Raoul Cédras, no Haitian
ruler has forgotten to acknowledge the all-powerful influence of
voodoo in Haiti. President Aristide was no exception. In spite of
having been a Catholic priest, after an interview with several
houngans (priests) and mambos (priestesses) on July 19, 1995,
Aristide officially announced the construction of a great Voodoo
temple within the capital. In this manner, the president equated
the Voodoo religion with other "accepted" religions, granting
Voodoo practitioners a "cathedral" similar to the Baptist
churches, Masonic temples or Catholic parishes which are so
numerous in Haiti.
     Warlocks in Charge
     But there was one Haitian ruler who knew how to make use of
Voodoo as a political tool: the mythical and shadowy "Papa Doc,"
François Duvalier. In 1954, the legendary "Papa Doc" published
(with Lorimer Denis) a monograph entitled L'Evolution graduelle du
vaudou (The Gradual Evolution of Voodoo). The knowledge of Voodoo
displayed in this book was evidently utilized during his political
career.
     As a young man, along with other Haitian intellectuals,
Duvalier published a nationalist newspaper called Les Griots. At a
time when the government torched the sacred Voodoo drums and other
objects of worship as a sign of loyalty to the Catholic church,
Les Griots revindicated Voodoo as a religion and as rebellion
against American colonizers. It isn't surprising that "Papa Doc"
gained the support of the traditional secret societies, and that
during his 1957 campaign, the hounfour or Voodoo temples were
utilized as his local party headquarters.
     Immediately after rising to the presidency of Haiti, Duvalier
named the feared bokor of Gonaives, Zacharie Delva, as commander-
in-chief of the army, and began to revindicate Voodoo as the
official religion. His personal bodyguard, a sort of "esoteric
police," were the Volunteers for National Security (VSN), the
feared Tontons Macoutes who spread terror throughout the island
(the name Tontons Macoutes refers to an old Haitian folk tale of
the "men with the sack". Misbehaving children were warned that
their tonton -- uncle -- would take them away inside a macoute, a
sack). All the hounfor who were not aligned with the Duvalier
regime were locked up and rebels were persecuted. According to his
biographers, "Papa Doc" ordered a special airplane to bring him
the head of former rebel captain Blucher Fhilgénes. The man was
decapitated and his head was placed in a bucket of ice. According
to the rumors filtering out of the Presidential Palace, Duvalier
would spend hours contemplating the head and consulting its spirit
in secret rituals.
     "Man speaks, but doesn't act. God acts, but doesn't speak.
Duvalier is a god." This was the thought echoing through the
streets of Haiti. Papa Doc had woven around himself a terrible
magical legend thanks to his knowledge of Voodoo, a legend that
none dare question, and which allowed his dictatorship to flourish
for decades. In fact, many peasants believed that "Papa Doc" was
an incarnation of the dreaded Baron Samedi, lord of cemeteries.
"They cannot have me. I am an immaterial being," Duvalier said
during one of his speeches in 1963. The fact is that his legend
exists to this day, and many believe that Duvalier has become a
loa, a spirit of the Gede family that can still manifest itself in
certain rituals...
     Blood, Rhythm and Possession
     We were engulfed by frantic drumbeats. The convulsive dancing
of the hounsí --Voodoo initiates--bewitched us, and the markedly
African chants and litanies overwhelmed us. The entire montage of
the Voodoo ritual we were witnessing in Cachimán, near the border
with the Dominican Republic, created an almost dreamlike
atmosphere within the confines of Voodoo priest Manuel Sánchez
Elie. Without a scrap of hesitation, one of the houngan's
assistants delivered a powerful blade-stroke on the neck of a ram,
abruptly decapitating the animal while its blood showered everyone
present. The ram's head was torn from its body and offered to the
gods, while two acolytes stripped the body, which would be served
to the participants later. Voodoo religion is an imprecise mixture
of blood, music and esthetics.
     Voodoo, like Santería, Umbanda, Candomblé or Palo Mayombe, is
the product of synchretism between African religions and
Christianity. The ancestral beliefs brought by African slaves to
the New World as their only treasure was forcibly mimetized with
the saints of the Catholic onomasticon. The orishas and African
loas were disguised as saints, mystics and martyrs in order that
their worship could survive in a hostile world, which was that of
slave-owning whites. This abstract mixture of witchcraft, paganism
and christianity survives to this day.
     It is said that on July 16, 1843, the Blessed Virgin
materialized on top of a palm tree near the town of Ville Bonheur.
The palm tree was very close to the precipices in which the Tombe
River dissolves into the mist in a cascade known as Saut d'Eau, a
sacred site for generations of voodooists. The Catholic Church
recognized the location as a site of Marian worship, but to the
Haitian people, it was really Erzulie Freda, goddess od love and
beauty, who had materialized there. Since then, every July 16th,
thousands of pilgrims visit Saut d'Eau to pay homage to the
goddess Erzulie, although christian priests and pastors would
rather believe that the pilgrimage is a form of Marian worship.
The fact remains that Haiti may be 85 per cent christian, but it
is 110 per cent voodooist.
     In Saut d'Eau, as in any other Voodoo celebration, there is
an indispensable element: possession.
     A sociological study conducted on 486 societies around the
world revealed that 360 of them believe in some form of
possession. Haiti is a prime example. In the words of
ethnobiologist Wade Davis, "Voodoo is a democratic faith par
excellance. Each believer not only has direct contact with the
spirits, but really receives them within his own body." Unlike
other    religions,  the   Afrocaribbean  ones   do  not   require
intermediaries between gods and believers. When the gods introduce
themselves into the devotees' bodies, anything can happen: voice
changes, attacks of hysteria, walking on hot coals, eating broken
glass...
      Haitian voodoo admits three kinds of possession: rada, gede
and petro. The last two are the most spectacular. Petro Voodoo is
the most brutal, violent and dangerous kind. The violence of such
possessions has even caused the death of some worshippers who have
been "ridden" or possessed by the powerful loas of petro Voodoo.
This kind of ritual, among the least accessible in Haiti, reflect
the rage, the pain and humiliation of the people, who for
generations were subjected to the indescribable cruelty of
slaveowners.

     Haiti's Secret Societies
     "A fellow diplomat was named as a witness in a trial against
one of the secret societies that proliferate in the country. When
he reached the courthouse to testify, there was an exhibit table
upon which he could see a cauldron brimming over with the head and
arm of a girl sacrificed in a magical rite by the society. My
friend had to run out of the courtroom to vomit." This was the
story told to us by Juan Blázquez, Spain's consul in Port-au-
Prince for five years and a scholar of voodoo. Throughout his
years in Haiti he had heard of many secret societies, but had also
learn that penetrating them is almost impossible.
     The study of Haitian secret societies represents an arduous
task for anthropologists and sociologists alike. In the summer of
1976, Haitian anthropologist Michel Laguerra met several peasants
who had belonged to different secret societies, but who had later
converted to Protestantism and were now willing to divulge certain
information. According to his sources, there are secret societies
running the length and breadth of the country, each controlling a
given region.
     Some of these secret societies are especially feared and
respected in Haiti. The Zobop terrorized the population by
kidnapping in the dark of night anyone considered a traitor to the
community in order to "bring them to justice" in a cruel fashion.
Others, like the Bizango, uphold a sorcerous tradition that goes
back to the dawn of time. Its rituals mix ceremonies extracted
from old texts on witchcraft, such as the Petit Albert or the Red
Dragon (which reached Haiti during the colonial period), Masonic
ritual and African magical practices.
     Its rules are strict, and those who betray them are harshly
punished. The Bizango society, for instance, has a taboo known as
"the Seven Crimes": ambition, excessive material wealth gained at
the expense of relatives or subordinates, disrespect toward fellow
members, seducing another man's wife, slandering others or
affecting their well-being, harming the members of someone's
family, and any action that impedes others from tilling the soil.
An infraction of any of these could cost a Bizango member his
life...a particularly cruel and painful death by means of the
poisons known for ages by Voodoo houngans and bokors.

     Poisons and the Living Dead
     The discussion was becoming more heated by the moment. We
were trying to convince an important Voodoo priestess to let us
record a gede Voodoo ritual in her temple. We knew that we were
not welcome and the haggling about the price was adding heat to
the surroundings. On another occasion, a similar discussion at
another temple almost cost us our lives when nearly a hundred
Haitians barricaded the door to the hounfour, warning us that we
would not get out alive unless we paid them a thousand dollars.
     While one of us argued with the mambo, a tall, fierce looking
young man toyed with a rubber glove. He would put it on and take
it off his hand with a smile on his lips. We knew exactly what he
meant: at any moment, a yellowish powder could appear on his right
hand, to be blown in our direction. It would represent a terrible
doom--zombification. As a measure against this fate, we had drawn
up a special policy which stated that in the event of dying in
Haiti, no autopsies were permitted and that our bodies should be
returned to Spain immediately. Death in Haiti can be far more
perilous than anywhere else on earth.
     Anthropologists, missionaries and industrialists who have
come into contact with traditional African medicine have
discovered its wonders. The knowledge of herbs, plants and jungle
poisons possessed by witches, sorcerers and shamans is surprising,
and this fascinating wisdom reached Haiti on the slave ships.
Ethnologists and biologists who have analyzed the "magical
recipes" employed by Voodoo houngans and bokors have discovered
fascinating aspects, such as the substances created based upon the
root of albizzia versicolor, used in Africa to create ibok usiak
owo ("medicine to make people talk"), a sort of native truth
serum. Or Zawda dust, employed to cause marital discord; Yoyo
dust, used for the "Evil Eye"; Patchouli dust, used to cause
infidelity and wreck marriages, and a hundred other "magical
powders" with a number of uses and functions. But among them all,
one is particularly fascinating: Pudre or "zombie dust."

     Zombie Dust
     It is impossible to discuss the mystery of zombie dust
without mentioning the pioneering book by Harvard anthropologist,
ethnobotanist and biologist Wade Davis, entitled The Zombie
Enigma, a project that earned Davis his Ph.D and inspired the film
The Serpent and The Rainbow, describing a scientist's quest for
the living dead. Wade Davis began his own search for zombies in
April 1982. In spite of the skepticism and even repugnance which
scientists, even Haitian doctors, expressed for the myth of the
"living dead", Davis and his sponsors were able to fathom a truth
of great scientific interest concealed behind the veil of mystery
and superstition. It wasn't the first time that a case of
zombification was medically documented, but on certain earlier
occasions, pretentious scientific despotism had quelled interest
in such cases with derisive qualifiers such as "trickery" and
"popular hogwash." If a death certificate was found for a person
walking through the streets of Port-au-Prince, it was always
attributed to confusion, hoaxing or medical error. After all,
everyone knows that it's impossible to return from the grave...
     But the clinical histories and death certificates were not
the only items in existence. Relatives and neighbors recognized
the zombies. After making contact with Haitian houngans and
bokors, Davis obtained access to certain Voodoo secrets, among
them the making of zombie powder.
     Far from being the product of strange esoteric ritual,
zombification is the result of an exceptional application of
natural chemistry on the bokor's part. Zombie dust is a compound
based on a number of vegetable, animal and human material, which
combined in the right amounts produces the most fascinating poison
of Afroamerican witchery. Extracts from plants, human bones,
tarantulas, poisonous toads, worms and other no less picturesque
ingredients form part of the dust whose main active ingredient is
the tetrodoxine found in the Haitian blowfish, which we were able
to localize and photograph with underwater cameras after various
dives into Caribbean waters. The substance is a masterpiece of
chemical artistry --- if improperly mixed, it will have no effect
whatsoever or will cause instant death.
     Once prepared, the powder is deposited on the floor of the
victim's home, so that it will penetrate his skin upon stepping on
it with bare skin. Otherwise, the bokor will blow it into the
hapless victim's face. Shortly after, the future zombie "dies" and
the bokor "steals its soul," containing it in a bottle. After
burial, the bokor and his assistants go to the graveyard and
retrieve the zombie from the tomb in order to sell him as a slave
on the other side of the island.
     Our travels took us all over Haiti -- a hellish voyage
between the Dominican border and Lake Peligros that took over
twelve hours by motorcycle, crossing rivers and mudholes. We were
thus able to prove the horror of the possibility of being
zombified, a fear that forces the decapitation of corpses, or else
the nailing of corpses to the casket to impede their removal. On
the road to Lake Peligros, we found that many tombs and family
crypts were built directly across from the relatives' homes, in
order to keep the bokor from tampering with the deceased's body
and soul.
     In Haiti, death is not final. Death isn't even an antonym for
life. In Voodoo, both death and the dead form part of daily life,
of religion, and of society. Death itself is another form of life.
Sighting at Mexico's Chiquihuite Hill
by Roberto S. Contreras

For some time now, the vicinty of Chiquihuite Hill to the north of
Mexico City and it environs have been frequented by lights of
bright color and metallic hues which appear to scan the ground in
search of somehting unknown and incomprehensible to local
residents. To some of these locals, these events are nothing new,
since they have occured periodically over a number of years and
have even been featured in defunct publications such as Reporte
OVNI. We recently investigated a number of object sightings in the
area which show what is probably being seen in that part of the
country. This is the story.

Toward the end of November 1995, on the slopes of Chiquihuite
Hill, Cuautepec Barrio Alto, Mr. Rodrigo Gonzales was visiting
with his sister when around 5 p.m., he and his brother in law
climbed up to the roof to take photos of hogs in an adjacent pen
in order to show them off to potential buyers. This task was
carried out without any complications and the remainder of the day
proceeded as normal. It was not until the day that Mr. Rodrigo
Gonzalez received his photos back from the lab that he found an
object that attracted his attention: one photo showed a golden
object suspended in mid-air -- an object he had never seen.
The unknown presence appears in the photo hovering over the place
where the hogs are kept, a location with trees growing beside it.
Gonzalez remarked that the had not seen a thing, possibly because
they were thinking about other things at the moment and not in the
strange objects frequently seen in the area. Fortunately, it was
possible to enlarge the object in question, which has probably
been seen by other residents who may provide details regarding its
curious origin.
When making inquiries among people concerning these possible UFOs,
we learned that small brilliant fireballs have also been reported
in the area. These objects appear to be fire, and remain static
for seconds or minutes prior to making sudden and incredible
changes in direction. On other occasions, the objects seem to be
looking for something, only to disappear as suddenly as they
appeared.

All these events have been taking place for a number of years in
the vicinity of Chiquihuite where a growing number of witnesses
have   had   encounters   with   these   probable  or   possible
extraterrestrial objects.

During the course of another investigation carried out in the
area, we managed to interview Mr. Jaime Espinoza, who photogrpahed
what could well be another of these unusual objects pursuing
unknown activities in the aforementioned hill. This is how the
witness managed to take the photograph in question: in February
1996, Mr. Espinoza was on his rooftop. It was around noon and his
purpose for being there was to test a new reflex lens he had
acquired for his camera, hoping to photograph a number of objects
at a distance from his present location. It is important to note
that Mr. Espinoza is not a professional photographer, although he
is a shutterbug, and while he is well versed in the UFO
phenomenon, nothing having to do with that subject even crossed
his mind at the time.
Using an Olympus SLR camera with a 70-210mm zoom lens, and a 3X
teleconverter (which triples the focal distance, he proceeded to
take a number of photos of certain objects, varying the f-stops
and speed of his shots. One of these test shots included the
Chiquihuite Hill, whose slopes can be ssen from his home. Just as
he took his maximum close-up shot, he managed to capture "a
strange object" at its summit. This putative UFO was flying over
the treeline in broad daylight, and parabolic antennae are even
visible at one end of the photo. Unfortunately, photographs taken
with this procedure diminish the quality and clarity of the images
taken, but the object was nonetheless recorded in Mr. Espinoza's
film. He told us that he had no idea what the object could be, but
it puzzled him that such an thing would appear at that precise
moment in a location in which UFO's are frequently seen.
We are merely presenting the investigation of these sightings and
are not qualified, nor do we feel qualified, to confirm or deny
that UFO's were in fact photographed here (as certain researchers
haughtily do, categorically confirming or rejecting cases, as the
great authorities of space related matters that they are). You,
friend reader, compare, analyze, research, and of course, doubt.
Do it openmindedly and without bias. Perhaps that way we shall
reach a logical answer leading us to believe that we are not alone
in this vast universe.


The UFO Phenomenon in China
by Salvador Freixedo

      As was the case in Russia following Perestroika and Glasnost,
there is a similar process underfoot in China since that country's
opening to the West: more information has been known about this
country's UFO activity over the past two years than for the past
fifty. While writing openly about such a sensitive subject is
still not possible, the fact is that the number of publications
and influential persons discussing the subject candidily is on the
rise.
      Sightings of strange objects over Beijing have been the
strongest motivator of public interest in China and have to some
degree forced official interest in the subject. One afternoon in
1965, the eight million inhabitants of the Chinese capital
witnessed two shiny discoidal objects fly over the city. Military
authorities were alarmed to see their airspace invaded by a device
resembling a luminous red balloon issuing rhythmic red flashes.
The orb flew over the capital city at a prodigious speed before
making a sudden stop and remaining motionless for a spell. It then
resumed its trajectory, vanishing into the horizon. After this
second incursion, public conjectures died down, since everyone
agreed that the objects must surely be espionage devices belonging
to another country. To quell these rumors, the goverenment was
forced to admit that it had created a UFO Study Group. Aside from
the Beijing sightings, other events were taking place in a variety
of provinces. Due to a lack of photographs, which were virtually
nonexistent in a land where cameras were until recently considered
"a bourgeois object worthy of decadent societies," there exist a
number of drawings which show the numerous sightings which ahve
occured in that locale.
      While the barriers which separate us from China are even
greater than those which separated us from the USSR, there is
always someone willing to cross them: in this event, the person in
question is Moon Wai, whose activity is aimed at making Chinese
ufologica better known in the West. He was born in Canton in 1928
and currently resides in Oakland (California) where he has adopted
the name of Paul Dong.
     Here are some cases:
Autumn 1947. When Long Guangda was twelve years old, he managed to
see, in the company of his father, a spiral shaped object moving
through the air and issuing an orange glow.
July 25, 1957. Five workers at the Huangshi blast furnace
witnessed a glowing discoidal object which crossed the sky slowly
at five o'clock in the morning.
July 1977. Mr. Lu Jiaju, an employee of the Puxing tank farm, was
the astonished witness to a circular object composed of concentric
rings, oscillating slowly over the facility.
August 1977. Wang Zen witnessed a strange object along with many
others while waiting in a theatre queue. "It issued light smoke
rings toward the ground and rotated very slowly."
October 23, 1977. Taken from Liu Qinchuan's written report: "We
saw an object spinning like a ball in mid-air and moving at
considerable speed. Everyone was looking at it."
Fall 1978. Xiao Ying, of Yuanlong, Jianxi Province, told
authorities the following: "While walking with my family along a
mountain near my home, we saw a huge disk shaped object which
passed right over us, spinning and giving off a bluish glow."
October 1978. Several dozen military pilots and hundreds of
employees at Gansu airport were surprised by the sudden appearance
of an inmense cylindrical object over an open-air theatre, flying
over their heads at a low altitude. A powerful beam of light shot
out of its bow and a similar one issued from its stern.
December 1979. On the Lanxi highway, Zeijiang Province, Wang
Jianming and Wang Dingyuan, driving separate trucks, ran into two
diminutive beings iluminated by a cone of ligth. When one of the
drivers got out of his vehicle, wielding an iron bar and willing
to confront the entities, these suddenly vanished and the cone of
light dissappeared.
June 1980. Zao Baovez and several professors at the Electronics
Institute on the outskirts of Beijing witnessed an object some ten
meters in diameter, which left a small wake and travelled at the
speed of an airplane.
July 30, 1980. Several students at Nanking's Yanjiajing Institute
witnessed a triangular object that emitted a blue light and
travelled silently.
August 26, 1980. The crew of the cargo ship "Quin Fen" saw an
unusual celestial phenomenon while cruising the China Sea east of
the port of Lian Yun Gang.
September 9, 1980. Luo Xuezhi, political secretary at a Diesel
engine plant in Hunan focused his binoculars on a cilindrical
object while enjoying an outdoor theatre presentation. "All
present turned their heads to look at it," he said. It emitted
powerful beams of light at either end, much like the object seen
at another open-air presentation in 1978.
February 19, 1981. A cyclist from Hang Zou (Zeijan province) saw a
noisy and strange object in a canyon adjacent to some mining
works. The sound was also heard by the residents of a nearby
village who were unable to see the source of the din.
July 24, 1981. Hundreds of thousands of onlookers witnessed an
enormous luminous spiral which crossed the skies of several
provinces.
October 12, 1981. This object was seen by two grade school
instructors in the Ya district (Guadong). It flew silently at the
speed of an airliner at issued multicolored rays.
                             Ex Libris
          A Random Sampling of Hispanic Ufology in Print

     La Noche de Mi Encuentro con Extraterrestres by Amaury
     Rivera. Mexico: Editorial Diana. Phone - [525] 575-0711. 211
     pages. Paperback.

     This book retells the beginning and the aftermath of one of
the most controversial cases to ever rock the Spanish-speaking UFO
community. What exactly happened to Amaury Rivera in May 1988? Was
in fact abducted by non-human forces and given a terrifying view
of the future, or was he simply creating his experiences out of
this air, as his detractors have charged?

     This book will not answer either of these questions. Ghost-
written by Miami-based author Manuel Figueroa, La Noche... is a
straightforward retelling of the experiences discussed elsewhere
and the very interesting aftermath of the experiences. UFO critics
will notice that the book hearkens back to the early days of
contacteeism á la George Adamski and has elements of more
contemporary contactee chronicles from South America and Europe.
It is not known at this time if Rivera's book will be translated
into English. Rating: 


     UFOs: A Great New Dawn for Humanity by Enrique Castillo
     Rincón (translated from the original Spanish by Hugo A.
     Castro) Blue Dolphin Publishing, 1997. 256 pages. Softbound.
     $19.95

     Eduardo Castillo's encounter with humanoid aliens from the
Pleiades ranks among the greatest stories of Latin American
ufology (who cares if the Pleiades are too hot to have planets of
any kind orbiting them?) for the sheer logic of what is clearly a
contactee experience. Unlike 99.5 % of contactees, Castillo was
given no discernible message to impart to the rest of the ignorant
human flock and was treated to several trips by saucer to a number
of locations. His experiences were allegedly found so interesting
that by the U.S. government that he was whisked off to Washington
D.C. to undergo a series of "tests".

     What strikes the reader most is the innocence and lucidity of
Castillo's ostensibily impossible claims. The reader is drawn into
the story and is able to accept it at face value despite the fact
that a little voice in the back of his or her head is shouting
"put the book down!". Castillo's candid retelling of his
experiences with his extraterrestrial host "Cyril" and an
experience at a "camp" for contactees in the Andean highlands of
Peru -- staffed by a variety of humanoid aliens, some of them
veritable giants -- are a must read for the most hardened skeptic.
Inexplicata gives this one   .
                  Dr. Rafael A. Lara's
                      MEXICO WATCH

Contactee Carlos Diaz and the Sounds of the Light Beings

We were the first to say so: Mexico shall never have a
generation of researchers and theoreticians like Vallée,
Persinger, Schwarz or others, since "official" research is in
the hands of charlatans, yellow journalists and UFO
merchants.

Carlos Díaz, who can fairly lay claim to being this country's
most popular contactee given his close ties to Jaime Maussan
as well as to the TELEVISA media outlet, has launched his new
musical CD entitled Todos Nosotros Podemos Salvar al Planeta
(We Can All Save the Planet). Said release took place on May
30, 1997 at the auditorium of the Centro Medico Nacional
Siglo XXI in Mexico City with the presentation of the video
Ovnis: la Otra Realidad (UFOs: The Other Reality).

The CD in question contains the following melodies: "Bernal",
"Tepoztlan", "Teotihuacán", "Monte Albán", "Amatlán" and
others. The musicians appearing on this musical effort are
all New Age performers including veteran singer Johnny
Laboriel and the entire Díaz family. The liner notes
indicate:"...Carlos Díaz was invited to know this ship of
light, from which he was shown that our Mother Earth is in
her death throes. This music was inspired by the marvelous
energy which has reached our planet to motivate us so that we
may all save the Earth, our only home..."

This production, priced at $70.00 NP (U.S. $10), had a run of
3 million copies. According to Nina Castillo Velazco, the
album's main promoter, "this music will undoubtedly put you
in touch with the beings of light who watch over us and care
for us in these dark times (?)..."

It is depressing that at this stage of UFO research a country
such as Mexico should have its investigative activities in
this field fall into the hands of opportunists seeking
personal gain. We are in complete disagreement with this
attitude and with the statements made by Augusto Hernandez,
an alleged "computer expert" who claims that the frequency at
which the Tepoztlan UFO vibrates is similar to a musical note
(shadows of CE3K?). I was not wrong when in Samizdat Special
Reports Mexico 1995 and 1996 I discussed the nebulous
activities of these alleged contactees. Therefore, I shall
repeat my original statment: the stage is set, the actors
have taken their places, but what will be the first act?
                  Dr. Rafael A. Lara's
                      MEXICO WATCH

     The MIB in South America: A Sampling of Cases

In spite of the dismal theatrical release with the classic
Hollywood overtones, the phenomenon of the "Men-in-Black"
represents a bona fide mystery within those associated to the
UFO phenomenon. On this occasion, we present our dear readers
with some little-know cases corresponding to this highly
unusual phenomenology.

In 1967, the wave of apparitions which stunned Argentina,
Chile, Brazil and Uruguay with over 110 UFO sightings in a
space of 24 hours on June 24th alone, was preceded by a
singular MIB event: four days prior to the June 24th "night
of lights", a man dressed in black showed up at the newsroom
of Cordoba, Argentina's "Los Principios" daily, where he
dropped off a letter addressed to the editor stating that
before the week was out, the Southern Cone would experience a
massive fly-over involving hundreds of extraterrestrial
craft. The day before the sightings began, the newspaper
received a strange phone call stating: "Attention, it will
begin at any moment..." The UFO flap began almost
immediately, but the strange MIB remained anonymous.

The famous "Cobrea Case", which took place in the eponymous
city in Argentina's Santa Fe province, captured the attention
of that country's media. During several days in August 1968,
witnesses observed strange lights moving around the sky and
no less enigmatic reflections being seen in the remotest
areas of the wilderness. Local residents were surprised to
find considerable amounts of burnt grass and earth with huge
toadstools growing around them. Several animals -- small
dairy cattle -- also turned up dead, apparently as a result
of radiation exposure. Nonetheless, the most interesting
experience was that of the Rodriguez family, who witnessed a
Jeep carrying four men (2 of them dressed in blue coveralls,
the other 2 dressed in black) drive along the only access
road to the property. One of the men asked the landowner
where they could find an exit, and the startled Mr. Rodriguez
asked them how had they gotten there in the first place!
There were, in fact, no tire-marks on the ground, nor had the
barbed-wire fence surrounding the perimeter been cut. The
owners of neighboring fields later told police that they had
not allowed the transit of such outlandish characters and
their vehicle through their own fields. Curiously enough,
after the Jeep-driving MIB departed, UFO activity in the area
came to a complete halt.
In 1971, two physicians -- Arguello de la Mota and Antonio
Arocha -- were in San Juan de los Morros, a small town not
far from Caracas, Venezuela when they were startled by the
unexpected arrival of two characters dressed in black who
drove into the dusty town in a sporty Mustang. Unaware that
they were being watched, the MIB exchanged remarks and donned
orange-colored belts. Suddenly, a brilliant object appeared
in the sky, descending rapidly to the surface. The
physicians, swore that the object was a 60-foot wide disk-
shaped craft which produced a parabolic ladder while hovering
inches off the ground. The MIB entered the vehicle, which
rose into the skies and vanished out of sight (no information
is available on the fate of the brand-new sports car they
left behind). The story was circulated worldwide by United
Press International.
