{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T09:10:15Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 102886, "source_ctime_ns": 1788575338922001881, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-11.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788575338917369842, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-11.pdf", "source_sha256": "58610d084e7225ca6a1195d0e88272fdf3c819289bf25c519dd123e6e475557e"}

INEXPLICATA
                The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
                          Issue # 10
                          Spring 2002

     INEXPLICATA is the official journal of the Institute of
     Hispanic Ufology, an organization dedicated to increasing
     and promoting information and awareness on UFO and
     paranormal research in Spain, the Caribbean, Central and
     South America.
Editor
     Scott Corrales
Contributing Editors
     Manuel Carballal (Spain)
     Willie Durand Urbina (Puerto Rico)
     Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros (Mexico)
     Lucy Guzmán de Plá (Puerto Rico)
     Gloria R. Coluchi (Argentina)
     Don't be left out of the debate! Join INEXPLICATA's on-line
     chat group at <inexplicata@yahoogroups.com> and visit our
     web site at http://www.inexplicata.com


                      ARTICLES AND FEATURES
UFOs of the Spanish Civil War
by Javier García Blanco ....................................... 1
Animal Mutilations in Puerto Rico
by José A. Martínez Echevarría ................................ 7
Strange Phenomena
by Scott Corrales ............................................ 10
Reflections on the Current State of Ufology
by Salvador Freixedo ......................................... 14
EX LIBRIS:
A Random Sampling of Hispanic Ufology in Print ............... 18
            Believing the Strangest Things

Even as the public at large loses interest in ufology,
there has been an increase of interest and participation in
contacteeism on a global level. Whether the events of
September 11, 2001 have played any role in this change
cannot be ascertained, but a wealth of contactee-related
stories have emerged from South America this years
involving contactee cults. Perhaps the most notable of
these accounts revolved around the activities of the Buenos
Aires based "Lineamiento Universal Superior" or L.U.S.
organization (Superior Universal Alignment), which is being
accused of crimes against children. The contactee cult's
leader, Valentina de Andrade, is also under suspicion.
Thirteen children were raped in the Brazilian city of Pará
and their genitalia mutilated for what appeared to be a
satanic ritual. The victims were later sacrificed.
Physician Anisio Ferreira de Souza, an alleged member of
the L.U.S. sect, is among the accused and is currently in
jail. He is also under suspicion of having created an
organization dedicated to murdering minors to steal their
vital organs, and of having committed crimes in the states
of Parana, Goias and Espiritu Santo.
In 1992, Brazilian justice investigated Valentina and her
group due to the disappearance of a child in the island of
Guaratuba, in the southern state of Parana, where another
children had become a victim to ritual crime. Valentina and
her followers avoided prosecution when suspicions were
proven to be unfounded.
While former members who denounced these abuses testified
to the non-existence of ritual crime or the kidnapping of
children by Valentina de Andrade, they did accuse her of
having committed "coercive persuasion" after forcing a
couple to turn over their baby daughter to a childless
couple, and forcing other couples to leave their children
with grandparents or other guardians in order to "leave the
planet" aboard her spaceship. These children were believed
to be "negative energies" by Valentina, who advised that
they be left behind. Meanwhile, she portrayed herself as a
lofty cosmic entity of "light, love and truth" who had
become incarnate on Earth to perform a mission.

On a lighter note, we welcome Gloria R. Coluchi as a
contributing editor. Ms. Coluchi's aid has been priceless
in obtaining information on South American UFO/paranormal
cases which have been distributed on a regular basis to the
UFO community worldwide since early 2001. Please join us in
welcoming Gloria to INEXPLICATA!

Scott Corrales
Institute of Hispanic Ufology (IHU)
Inexplicata-The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
Although much has been written about pre-1947 UFOs in the
United States, our knowledge of "predawn" ufology in other
parts of the world remains sketchy at best. Long-time
INEXPLICATA Javier García Blanco tries to set the record
straight with an article concerning UFO activity during a
bloody and divisive period in Spain's history.

UFOs of the Spanish Civil War
by Javier García Blanco
Ten years would have to pass before the so-called "modern age"
of UFOs would kick off in 1947 with Kenneth Arnold's famous
sighting. However, strange flying objects and their crews were
already plowing across our skies, even as Spain was embroiled in
a civil war.
Nationalist and Republican soldiers at the front wondered what
those unidentified flying objects might be.

"Kenneth Arnold did not describe the objects he saw as "flying
saucers", rather he said that the artifacts he had seen moved
like saucers skipping off the water's surface." It was the press
that came up with the equivocal designation. Curiously, from
that moment onward, witnesses described objects resembling
flying saucers." this is one of the arguments wielded by
pseudoskeptics to deny the reality of the UFO phenomenon. To
them, the UFO "myth" was born from a journalistic error.
However, the truth is quite different. The "champions" of
rationalism forget (whether intentionally or not) that much
before Arnold saw those boomerang-shaped objects (for this was
the actual description given of the objects), hundreds, if not
thousands, of witnesses around the world had already described
disk-shaped unidentified flying objects.
     And Spain was no exception.
     Researchers have gleaned a wealth of accounts which make
mention of this type of object, since at the start of the
century, when no one spoke of flying saucers and much less of
UFOs. In fact, some ten years prior to the start of the modern
UFO age and Arnold's sighting, Spain was fighting its Civil War.
     It need not be said that the generation which was forced to
live through that fratricidal conflict was not much given to
imagining little green Martians. There were other more pressing
concerns to worry about, but nevertheless, our files include
several cases in which a variety of witnesses had face-to-face
encounters with the phenomenon.
Like a Mexican Hat
The sun had already risen and the soldiers whose battalion
defended the Peñón de la Mata position (to the north fo the
Province of Granada) on February 5, 1938 endured the cold as
best they could.
They guarded their position carefully under perfectly cloudless
skies and our witness--a fighter with the 76th Brigade--suddenly
became aware of the presence of something abnormal in the skies
over Granada.
     Located at a considerable distance, and at an altitude of
200 meters, the soldier saw an object resembling "a Mexican hat"
the color of flat aluminum. The sun's rays, reflecting off its
surface, enabled him to see that it was a metallic device. It
flew slowly as it approached the witness's position. It was then
that he was able to observe it with greater detail:
     "Seen from below, its shape was exactly that of a
cartwheel. In its center, from where the spokes emerged, it had
what looked like a photo camera lens and gave a sensation of
depth."
     When the object approached even closer, passing almost
directly overhead, the soldier was even able to make out some
curved black windows which appeared on the side of the
remarkable "Mexican hat". The following is a transcript of an
interview with the ABC Andalucía newspaper:
     --Did the object leave a wake in its path or anything
     similar?
     --Well, yes. It gave out a sort of vapor from its sides and
     gave the overall impression of having a small tail. I can't
     tell you exactly where it was coming from, but as it came
     out it formed what I already said: a little tail.
     --Was its trajectory always straight or did it make any
     kind of turn?
     --It made a slight skip as it moved away, similar to a
     pulse.
From that moment onward, he stopped looking at it, since the
pressing reality was not conducive to distraction. For this
reason he was unable to see how the object vanished, perhaps,
over the horizon.
     --Could you describe for us, as precisely as possible, what
     the object looked like?
     --Overall it looked like a Mexican hat, as I've told you,
     but with the detail that its ends formed straight angles.
     Afterward, as it approached and passed almost directly
     overhead, I was able to see that it had small windows and
     was completely round. It gyrated in a counterclockwise
     motion. At first I thought it was a truck tire that had
     exploded, but "that thing" seemed to have a life of its
     own, aside from the fact that had it been a truck tire, we
     would have seen it fall. Its diameter would have been
     approximately three meters.
     --Which way did it go?
     --From north to south.
This ends the soldier's description. But what exactly was it
that those astonished fighters saw? A military prototype? In
Spain, and in the 1930's? Let's see what J.J. Benítez has to say
about military aviation during the Civil War in his book La
Punta del Iceberg:
     "In 1936, the Spanish Air Force was small and antiquated.
     The main fighter aircraft was the Nieuport NID 52 hemi-
     plane, of which it had 40 left. The aircraft with the
     largest number of operating units was the Breguet, a twin-
     engine biplane for reconnaissance and bombing operations
     (60 units). Germany's earliest aid took the shape of 20
     Junkers aircraft. Shortly after, other Italian, German,
     Russian, French, American, Dutch, British and Czech
     vehicles would arrive."
However, despite the material aid from other countries and
received by the various combatants, neither of these airplanes
met the characteristics described by the eyewitness. A circular
aircraft in 1938 Spain? While it is true that the Germans did
design and build a number of circular wing aircraft, these
vehicles did not come about until the Second World War, and
could not very well have been flying over Spanish skies. [Anyone
interested in man-made UFOs can consult the book Los expedientes
secretos del CESID, written by our colleague Manuel Carballal].
     The eyewitness, who chose to remain anonymous, wound up
losing a leg three days after the sighting. Many years later he
became a painter, and would sign a sworn statement attesting
that what he had described was completely true.

Humanoids at the Guadalajara Front
Only five months after the sighting over Granada, other military
men would become witnesses--this time in the city of
Guadalajara--of a no less remarkable event.

It was half past eleven o'clock on the evening of July 25, 1938.
The witnesses (a lieutenant and his aide) were descending down a
gully located in the town of La Alcarria. Suddenly, a powerful
white light drew their attention. Shortly after the light was
extinguished, a disk-shaped object some 11 meters long and 5
meters high appeared before their eyes.
     The disk which was some 60 meters away from them, appeared
to be suspended at some two meters over the ground. The
witnesses described it as: "two plates joined on their convex
sides, separated by a line or section of a darker color."
Furthermore, the object's lower section had a sort of column
which descended very slowly and appeared to contain two humanoid
figures.
     Next, the object began projecting a circle of bluish light
on the ground. When the circle of light reached the military
men, they
felt a sensation of cold. Shortly afterward, the light turned
off and the column rose in complete silence, all of this
accompanied by colored sparks emanating from the object.
     At the time, the onlookers believe they saw "the two
halves" of the object begin to rotate, each in an opposite
direction from the other. The disk began to project a powerful
white glow and rose into the air with great speed, vanishing
into the heavens. As with the Granada case, there is no apparent
explanation for the sighting. In spite of the fact that both
military men believed that they had witnessed a German prototype
or something belonging to the "reds", we have already explained
that this was materially impossible. The main witnessed (the
lieutenant) rejected any publicity regarding the subject and
insisted upon remaining anonymous to our colleague Manuel
Carballal. Having eliminated the possibility of fraud, what is
left? We can only accept that the UFO phenomenon was widespread
in Spain in 1938.
UFO Landing in Avila

It was Juanjo Benítez who brought this case to light in his book
La Punta del Iceberg. The eyewitness, Mariano Melgar, who was a
7 year-old boy at the time, had been sent by his parents to the
town of Muñizo to safeguard him from the horrors and perils of
the war. It was the summer of 1938, and one morning, while the
boy tended to the cattle, the incredible event occurred.
     "I looked after some of my relatives' cows at the time, and
on that hot summer morning, at around twelve o'clock, I left
town toward a rural area located some 2 or 3 kilometers from
Muñizo. I reached the little forest and sat down among the trees
while the cows ate in a nearby field. It was then that I heard a
buzzing sound that almost pierced my eardrums. I looked up to
the sky and saw a flash of light amid the blue. Suddenly I
became aware that it was a circular device that fired off
flashes like silver. It came down not far from the copse's edge
and touched ground. I took shelter behind one of the trees and
spied its movements."
     It was then that Melgar closely observed a circular object
measuring some 15 to 20 meters in diameter and which featured a
sort of cupola on its upper half. Several legs which supported
the object could be seen in its undersection and dozens of
colored lights went on and off on the "ship's" fuselage.
     Suddenly, a door opened on the structure and after lowering
a ramp, three "men" emerged: "Only a few seconds had gone by
when I saw a "man" appear through the door. He was followed by a
second one, and then a third.
     But while the first two walked along the ramp and moved
some five or ten meters away from the craft, the third, who was
slightly shorter than the others, remained at the doorway. The
first two men almost reached the top of the door, and I figure
that the door was some two meters tall and another two wide. The
fact is that the first two began collecting something, I
couldn't tell you if it was plants or soil. One of them kneeled,
of that I'm sure. They had something in their hands, perhaps it
was a bag. I tried to approach the strange pilots, but I hadn't
walked more that five meters when the one standing at the
doorway fired a flash at me that almost landed me on my back.
That scared me, so I went back to the trees."
     After Mariano made a second attempt to approach, and
received a similar discouragement, the "men", who seemed to be
moving in slow-motion, returned to the vehicle. One of them made
the unusual gesture of raising a hand as if waving to the
youngster. "From there I was able to see the object taking off.
First the ramp went back in and the door closed next. Then,
within seconds, the device rose some 50 to 100 meters into the
air, spinning on its own axis, and many colored lights could be
seen. It then went away toward Barco de Avila."
     This ends the boy's tale. He had remained in absolute
silence about his unusual experience for forty years, until
Benítez's fortuitous interview. As with the earlier cases, the
then child identified the crewmen and their aircraft as "one of
General Franco's aircraft." However, he himself acknowledged
years later: "Today I know that "thing" couldn't have been
related to our war in any way."
Epilogue for a War

     The Spanish Civil War came to an end in March 1939, when
Nationalist troops reached Madrid. However, UFO activity
continued, apparently oblivious to the conflict's progress.
     In May 1939, some residents of the Horcajada farmstead were
startled by the unexpected arrival of a humanoid entity with
metal legs, who was seen on a number of occasions. One of the
witnesses, Adelaida Rubio, claims that the entity, whose
appearances were always prefaced by a powerful flash, had the
aspect of a "strange soldier", moving clumsily along with large
strides.
     Two months later, on July 1, 1939, several children who
looked after cattle in Zahara de los Atunes (Cádiz) witnessed a
flying object eighteen meters in diameter. When the UFO flew
over their heads at low altitude, they felt a sensation of
extreme heat. The object landed with a whistling sound some 30
meters away, kicking up a dust storm. A door emerged on the
object's side and two beings emerged from within, one of them
tall, and the other short and squat bearing a sort of flashlight
which was able to illuminate the surroundings despite the fact
that it was noon. After walking some twenty paces away from the
UFO, the beings turned around and re-entered the craft. The
strange encounter lasted 15 minutes.
     While Spain tried to rebuild after the horrors of the war,
sightings and landings continued to occur all over the country.
Cases earlier than 1947 (the start of the UFO "myth" for our
illustrious pseudoskeptics) in Spain number in the dozens.
     Who knows how many cases may have never been disclosed,
remaining locked forever in their protagonists's memories? One
way or another, these case which predate Arnold's show that UFOs
were already crossing our skies when the words "flying saucer"
had not yet been uttered.
For more information:
OVNIs en Andalucía caps. 61, 62 y 63. ABC Andalucía.
BENITEZ, Juan Jose. La punta del Iceberg. Ed. Planeta.
BENITEZ, Juan Jose. El ovni de BelΘn. Ed. Plaza & JanΘs. 1983.
MAS ALLA de los OVNIs Encylopedia. Los OVNIs aterrizan. Vol. 3.
Chapter 24.
Phenomenes Spatiaux no. 28, junio de 1971, 18-19
CARBALLAL, Manuel. Los expedientes secretos del CESID. Ed.
Planeta.
Barcelona 2001.
JIMENEZ ELIZARI, Iker and FERNENDEZ, Lorenzo. 50 años de OVNIs,
Chapter 19. ENIGMAS Magazine.
The Chupacabras continues to be a source of strange animal
deaths in Puerto Rico. This report by José A. Martínez of
Puerto Rico's PRRG establishes an interesting causal link
between the phases of the moon and mutilations.

Animal Mutilations in Puerto Rico
by José A. Martínez Echevarría
Puerto Rican Research Group (PRRG)
Mysterious animal deaths began to occur on July 28, 2001 in the
southern reaches of the island of Puerto Rico, this time in the
peaceful community of Guánica, specifically in the La Joya
sector. These events played out a farm belonging to "don
Gustavo", owner of several farm animals, who lost 60 pregnant
sheep to an unknown predator. "don Gustavo" did not notify the
police, since he felt the animals had been slain by stray dogs
and therefore chose to bury them without giving researchers time
to look into the matter.

August 2, 2001
Carmelo Sepúlveda would be next on the list for the predator
commonly known as "Chupacabras". His rabbits were attacked at
3:00 a.m.--one animal was decapitated while the cage remained
locked, and the male rabbit received injuries to its
extremities.
The beheaded rabbit--the female--had its head within the cage,
which showed no signs of having been opened. Its body, however
was outside, and its entrails were still inside the cage; the
extremities were missing. Only the animals carcass remained. The
surviving rabbit showed clear indications of fear.
One of Carmelo's neighbors heard the rabbits squealing and lit
an outside bulb that faces toward his neighbor's animal cages.
Since Carmelo himself could not see what was going on, he
decided to go out and take a look. Upon doing so, he realized
there was something resembling a child standing near one of the
cages, but the poor light quality was not enough to let him make
out any details. Whatever it was, it took shelter among
Sepúlveda's cages, and the rabbit's squeals were extinguished.
In daylight, Carmelo went to check on his rabbits and was
confronted by the savage scene. He phoned the police, an action
which resulted in a visit from agent Rivera Rullán, Badge #2224,
who filled out the complaint (police report) 01-3-029-02783.
August 6, 2001

Four days after the animal mutilations in the La Joya sector of
Guánica, the creature attacked yet again--this time near the
residence of Mrs. Rosa Flores. Two dead rabbits were found
savagely mutilated within an unopened cage. One of them
presented a completely empty chest cavity; only its heart was
visible. Its legs, fur and eyes had been removed.
Another rabbit had also been stripped and its legs had been
removed. Unlike the other animal, its chest cavity was intact,
but it had been rendered completely bloodless.
Some of Mrs. Flores's neighbors heard dogs bark incessantly in
the early hours of that Monday the 6th (around 3:00 a.m.). A
commotion could be heard to come from their neighbor's chicken
coops.
When we investigated the site, we found something unusual: claw-
marks on several cages containing two fighting roosters. Three
and four fingered claw marks were also found in the lower
sections of these cages. It also turned out that the creature
may have been accompanied by another of either smaller or
greater size: footprints both large and small were found
throughout the area along with canine prints.
August 14, 2001

Seven days after the mutilations at Mrs. Flores's, there was a
renewed attack at Carmelo Sepúlveda's house: this time the
rabbit which had survived the August 2nd attack was slain by the
unknown assailant. A female rabbit was missing from another cage
and was not seen again. The male rabbit's cage was still closed
and the dead animal was in the right rear corner.

A necropsy was performed upon this rabbit to establish the
damage to the animal. This step-by-step procedure was captured
on video and photos were also taken. Mr. Carmelo was asked if
any noises had been heard that night. His reply was negative,
but that the neighborhood's dogs had been excited. However, Mr.
Carmelo's neighbors were getting into their van as they headed
toward the bakery in which they work, and noticed that a red
light was reflecting off their vehicle. The female neighbor
tried to ascertain its source, and looked toward a quenepa tree
(leafy tree with edible fruit), where she saw a shadowy figure
looking at her with red eyes. She got into the van and took off
without saying a word to her husband until they reached the
bakery. Her husband believed that it was merely a reflection of
street lights against the van's metal, but upon investigation,
it was proven that said street light does not reflect on the
vehicle. Therefore, the area was completely dark. This leaves
the possibility that the red light came from the creature having
climbed up the fruit tree's branches. This case was filed with
the Puerto Rican police as complaint number 01-3-029-02908.
That very same night, another attack occurred twelve houses down
the street from the Sepulveda residence. It was not possible to
conduct a thorough investigation here, because the slain
animal's owners balked at allowing researchers onto the
premises. However, such was Juan Vélez's insistence that he was
given a dead rabbit in order to establish a cause of death. This
too was impossible to accomplish, given that nothing was left of
the animal but its skin and head. This family refused to call
the police or the media, and we later discovered why: they had
originally mocked Carmelo Sepúlveda and his losses, only to
experience the deaths of 15 rabbits on their own property.
August 16, 2001

A renewed attack at Carmelo Sepúlveda's house. This time it was
a female rabbit, wounded on the rear legs with superficial
injuries on its back and teats. No animals died during this
event. That very same evening we installed a security camera to
determine what is causing the animal deaths; to date, only dogs,
and cats have been recorded--nothing that could be termed
anomalous. The dogs can be said to have been attracted by the
blood from the rabbits' injuries, and the cats have been
curious, but at no time did the canines attack the animals. It
would be necessary to wait until the next full moon on September
2, 2001 to see if the unknown perpetrator could be recorded on
video.
August 28, 2001
The unexpected occurred: an eyewitness saw the creature as it
engaged in animal attacks. This happened around 10:00 p.m. while
the moon was waxing. Three-fingered casts were obtained on this
occasion.
September 2, 2001
Between 1 and 1:30 p.m. approximately the creature was seen by a
teenager living on the second story of Mr. Carmelo Sepúlveda's
house. According to the minor (who asked that her name be kept
confidential): "I was nursing my baby when I heard a rattling in
the carport. At that moment it led me to believe that someone
was taking the beer bottles my dad had left on the carport's low
walls, when I saw a shadow waddling like a penguin at the site,
since the smoked glass door allowed me to see if there was
someone there. When I went out to check, I saw a black shadow
some 3 to 4 feet tall. I screamed for my mother, but the thing
had already gone."
That very same evening a second security camera was installed,
given that it was a night of full moon and a constant has
already been confirmed regarding the behavior of the so-called
"Chupacabras".
September 5, 2001

The creature was seen around 10:00 p.m. in the yard of a house
not far from the Sepúlveda's--Mrs. Gloria Carballo witnessed it
at around 7:36 p.m. [missing fragment--Ed.] and it sped up,
leaving a wake of sparks in what appeared to be a soundless
explosion.

September 22, 2001
Carmelo Sepúlveda's female rabbit died of an apparent heart
attack. This animal was the last one to be attacked by the
Chupacabras and was badly injured in its extremities. It is not
known if its death was due to a bacterial infection produced by
the injuries.
Disinformation Groups
Unfortunately, there are groups in Puerto Rico that devote
themselves to harm serious efforts at research such as this one,
which apply scientific tools and methods. These individuals
claim to hold doctorates in hypnosis, parapsychology, sexology,
psychology, ufology, etc.

The alleged leader and founder of the group, named "Noel",
boasts that extraterrestrials can be seen everywhere, and sees
dimensional doorways everywhere his group goes, smell sulfur
when the Chupacabras is around, see aliens on the beach whenever
they hold skywatches--in short, a cascade of foolishness. These
individuals lack the investigative equipment with which to
support what they say on their radio broadcasts. They claimed to
have performed a "necropsy" on one of Carmelo Sepúlveda's
rabbits and announced this on their radio broadcast. One wonders
how this could have been achieved when they only took the
rabbit's head and left the rest of the carcass on Sepúlveda's
front porch--a signal lack of professionalism.

According to our research, there are no laboratories in Puerto
Rico that can certify the necropsy performed on the animal.
There is only one laboratory in the city of Bayamón and it is a
federal facility. A call was placed to this facility to obtain
answers to a series of questions, and we were informed that they
do not certify necropsies performed by civilian groups or
organizations, only state or federal ones, and that the cost is
considerable.
Some of the documents issued by this alleged research group are
simply drafted on a PC and not by a laboratory; there are no
official stamps or seals to accredit the facility.


The theatrical release of Mike Pellington's "The Mothman
Prophecies" (based on the book by John A. Keel) has reawakened
interest in the often fearsome manifestations that accompany
the occult. These shadowy figures are by no means limited to
the United States or even to the Americas.

Strange Phenomena
by Scott Corrales
     Perhaps monster lore has not reached the level of
popularity in the Spanish-speaking countries that it has
achieved in the United States, but this does not mean that there
have not been worthwhile (and still unsolved) cases in Spain and
Latin America, along with an enviable folkloric tradition to
accompany them.
     In certain regions, the sightings of monsters are closely
linked to the practice of Black Magic (the islands of the
Caribbean, Brazil, southern Spain), while in others, they have
occurred in the context of the UFO phenomenon. Said cases will
be elaborated upon next.
     On Saturday, 13 November 1983, Eusebio Sánchez, 56, was
returning to his home in the Spanish village of Vegas de Coria,
walking alongside his mule with a cargo of cabbage. As he
approached the bridge of Cruz de Animas, he noticed a shadowy
figure creeping behind him. Unsure if it was one of his fellow
villagers, Sánchez waited for the figure to come within range:
it was tall and entirely black, "tall and thin like a statue",
with enormous arms. Ominously, the dark apparition asked him:
"Don't you know me?" and proceeded to jump (a la Springheel
Jack) across the bridge and into the night.
     Vegas de Coria was in the grip of a supernatural phenomenon
every bit as terrifying and disturbing to its residents as
Springheel Jack's cavorting was to London or Mothman's to Point
Pleasant. The tiny village in the Extremadura region of Spain
was barely a speck on the map, and far from any major city.
Journalist and crack UFO investigator J.J. Benítez drove to
Vegas de Coria in order to investigate the phenomenon first
hand. The end result was a superb document entitled La Quinta
Columna (The Fifth Column), which appeared in 1990.
     Sánchez was not the only witness to the dark figure's
frightening maneuvers: Two days before, Nicolás Sánchez (no
relation) was about to open the door to his house when he heard
a moan issuing from the middle of the street. He turned to look
and noticed that it was a small black "bundle", as he described
it. His curiosity piqued, he walked over to it. It was 9:45 pm.
     "[...] When I was four or five steps away from it, that
"thing" began to grow, getting bigger. Before I knew it, I was
standing in front of a figure some six feet tall or more,
advancing toward me with a sound like the gnashing of teeth. I
got goosebumps. I began walking backward a few meters, and the
"giant" followed me. Jesus! I was so scared I couldn't speak. I
wanted to call out to my parents, but it was impossible. I still
don't know where I found the courage from, but I crouched and
picked up two stones from the house wall, one in each hand, and
I was willing to defend myself. I never got to raise my arms,
though: just as I was about to hurl the stones, I shouted, "Take
this, Satan!" and the creature stopped. It did an about-face and
headed up the road. Before it went out of sight, there was a
large, lightning-like flash, which made no sense, since the
weather was good." (1)
     All of this coinciding with a outbreak of UFO sightings and
landings in well over a dozen locations throughout Spain,
including a sensitive military installation on the straits of
Gibraltar (2).   Benítez went on to examine other UFO-related
monster sightings elsewhere in Spain, such as an electrifying
sighting on the beaches of Conil, not far from the city of
Cádiz, in October of 1989: a group of teenagers on the beach one
early evening witnessed in terror the sudden appearance of two
majestic, luminous figures after having observed the maneuvers
of UFOs in the skies above them. The teenagers ran away in
panic, regrouping some thirty meters away from the entities,
which proceeded to transmute into a human male and female,
dressed in street clothes. Through the aid of binoculars, the
teens were able to observe the transformation and render
accurate descriptions later on. The mystery couple walked away
from the beach and toward the town's streets, mingling with the
populace.
     Things weren't over yet: a small white patch of what
appeared to be fog was heading for the shore at a high rate of
speed. From the cloud emerged a monstrous figure, nine feet
tall, with a white, pear-shaped head and clad in a black
"jumpsuit". It stared at the frightened teenagers and then began
walking in a westward direction. Lázaro and Pedro--two of the
five teens--ran after it, stopping short when it turned around
to look at them with eyes "like two black eggs." The stare was
enough to cause them to beat a retreat, as the giant became lost
in the darkness. All the while, the brightly-hued UFOs continued
to execute their aerial maneuvers. (3). It would seem as if the
sudden appearance of the nine-foot tall giant was somehow geared
toward keeping the five witnesses from following what would have
been an understandable course of action--following the creatures
that turned into humans-- by reinforcing their fear.
     On the other side of the Atlantic, monsters also have been
seen in Puerto Rico, well-known for its heavy UFO activity.
While witchcraft is practiced under many guises on the island,
not all the sightings are connected to the dark arts but to the
nocturnal activity of UFOs: unusual birds, ranging from
pterodactyl-like creatures to small, fanged predatory avians
have been reported since the 1970's, when the UFO activity began
in earnest. A more recent report (1988) from the Laguna
Cartagena area, stated that the witness saw two humanoids "in
what appeared to be uniforms" guiding a large, hairy simian
being. The trio "disappeared into the ground." Reports in a
local tabloid, El Vocero, point to the depredations of a
"mandrill" among the livestock of many farms on different parts
of the island, an explanation sanctioned by the authorities as
the reason for the strange mutilations. It is more than likely
that the real culprit is a "big hairy monster", as opposed to an
itinerant mandrill.
     Mexican investigator Dr. Rafael A. Lara suggests in a
recent issue of Terra Incognita that all these monsters, ranging
from the BHMs to Nessie and the UFO monsters seen by the
adolescents at Conil are little more than "distortions of
space-time (which is to say, the past projected to the present
or the future to the present)." He shares the same as other
researchers   in    that   these   creatures   could   well   be
"rationalizations of the evil dwelling within our unconscious."
The big hairy monsters have been identified by some Mexican
researchers with the humans that were
turned into apes, according the Aztec tradition in another "age
of the sun", which ended with enormous winds destroying life on
earth.
     This tradition is part of La leyenda del quinto sol (the
legend of the fifth sun). Curiously enough, our "sun" or age
happens to be known as sol de movimiento, the sun of movement,
indicating that the end of this age will come about via
tremendous earthquakes. Could the global seismic activity of the
early nineties be trying to tell us something?
     Another outbreak of UFO related monsters that went largely
unnoticed occurred in the Dominican Republic. The locality of
Barahona--a small town in the Caribbean nation's sugarcane
producing region--was beset by     two terrifying entities that
were allegedly responsible for the large number of mutilations
of farm and domestic animals. In December of 1978, a creature
resembling a large black dog (similar to the "Black Shuck" of
Great Britain) repeatedly    mutilated small animals like dogs,
cats, chickens, and rabbits under cover of darkness and with
chilling finesse: it made its way into chicken coops and pens by
somehow opening the gates without destroying them (4). Local
residents believed that the otherworldly creature had some sort
of "intelligence" that allowed it to elude their best efforts at
catching it (the same observation has been made by monster
hunters worldwide).
      In a matter of months, the murderous phantom dog was joined
by an even more fearsome manifestation: a cadaverous being
resembling a human female. Those who managed to see it closely
noted that its face "appeared to be covered with cotton"
(ectoplasm?). The entity was also blamed for a number of
mutilations.
      Barahona is almost on the border of voodoo-ridden Haiti,
and it is,in fact, an area that has received much negative
publicity in recent years on account of the suffering
experienced by Haitian sugar cane cutters at the hands of
Dominican taskmasters. The locals were much more willing to
believe that the entities were the product of some sorcerous
lore than UFOs, even though the entire island happened to be in
the grip of a small "flap" for a number of weeks that preceded
and followed the mutilations.
      While Barahona was victimized by its two monsters, UFO
occupants were being seen in a suburb of Santo Domingo. Five
women sitting on the porch one evening watched as a brilliant
object in the night sky fired two beams behind a nearby hill
before disappearing. The women believed that it was some sort of
airplane until they noticed two lights advancing toward them
from the darkness. The lights turned out to be three conical
humanoids with what appeared to be lanterns fastened to their
chests.
      Frightened at the sight of the beings, the women began to
scream for help, drawing the attention of other neighbors. In
retaliation, the three creatures began to make loud noises
"similar to the rapid opening and shutting of a metal door". By
the time the nearest neighbor had responded to their call for
help, the beings had disappeared (5).
      In the same suburban area, a watchman was confronted by
robed, cat-eyed entity. With a prayer on his lips, the watchman
swung his heavy machete at the thing, which tried to duck the
blow and proceeded to vanish instantly. Startled by the
unexpected outcome, the watchman proceeded to inspect the dark,
wooded surroundings all by himself: of such stuff are heroes
made.
ENDNOTES
(1) Benitez, J. J. La Quinta Columna. Barcelona: Planeta, 1990.
(2) Rota Naval Base, Cádiz.
(3) Benítez, p.273-74.
(4) Personal correspondence with R.A. Lara-Palmeros.
(5) Objio, Leonte. "¡Llegaron Los Humanoides!". Mexico: Destino,
11/78.
It is always an honor and a pleasure to feature the words of
Salvador Freixedo in the pages of INEXPLICATA. Freixedo,
Spanish-speaking ufology's foremost paranormal researcher and
theoretician, author of Israel Pueblo Contacto and
Defendamonos de los Dioses, has summarized his thoughts on the
UFO phenomenon and shares them with our readers.

Reflections on the Current State of Ufology--May 2001
by Salvador Freixedo
- There are extra-human, intelligent (non-corporeal?) beings on
our planet.
- For those without prejudice, the increasingly greater presence
of UFOS in our skies and the mysterious and marvelous crop
circles seen in so many countries are proof of this.
- We must put aside being surprised at their incomprehensible
behavior.
- The presentation of new cases contributes to a fuller
understanding, but it is of secondary importance. The phenomenon
must today be considered from a sociological and psychological
standpoint, related with the evolution of the human race.
- It is logical to lack a thorough understanding of them, since
they hail from another dimension or plane of existence (in the
same way that animals are only able to comprehend some of our
actions).
- They have been on this world for millions of years, and have
been here before we appeared.
- There exists the impression that some of them are arriving
from beyond the planet.
- The reason they have not openly presented themselves is that
they prefer to keep us believing that we own this planet and act
with complete freedom. Along these lines, the reader shall
discover other reasons for their secrecy.
- As occurs with humans, there are some among these beings who
are evolved and beneficial to mankind, while there are other who
are malevolent and only want to use us or toy with us.
- They make use of us in different ways (just like humans make
use of animals in different ways) and we are unaware of being
used.
- It would seem that they employ the subtle energy produced by
our brain and our psyche as a whole (emotions, fears, hatred,
pain, joy).
- It would seem that the presence of malevolent ones is felt
with greater strength than that of the good ones. The latter
appear to obey some cosmic law which consists of non-
interference. The former do not abide by this law and their
presence among us is much greater and noticeable.
- It is a great mistake to believe that since they are more
technically advanced than we (to judge by the devices they use
to move through our atmosphere) that they are also ethically
evolved. Their actions tell us that this is not the case,
although it may be thet their ethics are different from our own.
- Their means of traveling the Cosmos transcends our knowledge
and the laws of physics, as noted by great physicists and
mathematicians (i.e., Fred Hoyle and Perkins), and as the aliens
themselves have said on many occasions. The "dogma" of nothing
being able to exceed the speed of light is false, as accepted by
experimental physicists.
- These superhuman intelligences created the different races of
Man throughout the millennia using apes as stock (Curiously, DNA
tests have shown that none of the current human races has any
connection to the Neanderthal man). To judge by abundant fossil
remains, our planet has been the home of many different human
races (some of them giants) who have existed and vanished over
the course of many millions of years, contrary to the beliefs
stated by archaeologists and paleontologists.
- The intelligent non-human creatures among us are very diverse
and have diverse origins. While some appear to hail from
physical worlds similar to our own, others appear to come from
other dimensions or planes of existence which are hard to locate
in a physical realm, and very hard to envision in our minds,
which are locked in a three-dimensional world. Nonetheless,
these beings, while in our world, act according to our physical
laws.
- Their purposes are also different and we are aware of
rivalries and struggles among them.
- Some of these beings have the capacity to adopt completely
human shapes, which enable them to live with us without being
detected.
- Human religions have been invented by these beings as a
strategy to control our minds. To implement them throughout the
millennia, they have made use of humans who have been trained in
a special way (Of course, I'm referring to the founders of all
the great religions).
- All religions serve a specific purpose of the non-humans,
although humans do not exactly know what this purpose may be. It
probably has to do with the mental, emotional and social climate
generated by each religion in the long run.
- The authentic miracles which come about in all religions are
directly or indirectly the work of these beings and are aimed at
binding the minds of the faithful.
- These non-human intelligences shave the capacity to influence
the human mind at will. They normally do not do so individually,
but have done it on a collective scale, influencing the course
of human history. To do this, they have availed themselves of
the leaders of many nations, who have unconsciously followed
their indications. In many cases, these beings (often taken for
gods) indicated their will through dreams, apparitions,
inspirations or by using soothsayers and diviners who were
consulted by kings and leaders.
- However, there is also the direct and individual influence of
these beings on humans. In ufology, these individuals are known
as "contactees". There are hundreds of thousands of them in all
continents and social levels, although the majority of them keep
it secret out of a fear of being considered insane. Some--the
minority--have benefitted from contact. However, most of them
have been negatively affected and their minds have been left
disarrayed and confused. The fact is that the majority of these
beings have a tendency to lie and toy with the contactee. We are
to them what animals are to us: we love or hate animals, we can
benefit them or hunt them down, but in the end, we always make
use of them.
- Contact may be purely mental (as the contactee hears a voice
within his head) or visual (apparently physical), as the
contactee sees the object or the person communicating with him.
- The content of the message received by the contactee terms to
be eschatological or cosmogonical in nature, heralding major
changes and catastrophes due to the abuses we are inflicting
upon the planet, or regarding the history of the Earth and the
solar system. The being may present itself as a deity or higher
being who urges the contactee to disclose the news and converts
the site into a place of pilgrimage or worship where the masses
may gather. These messages tend to combine some truths with many
untruths.
- These beings, much like their vehicles, are normally invisible
to the human eye, although they may become visible at will. On
many occasions only small groups of people have seen them, but
photo cameras, radar and underwater sonar have captured them an
infinite number of times. In recent years there have been waves
of UFOs seen by thousands of people (for example, in Mexico,
Peru, Chile and Belgium) and in the 1950's, they were seen for
an entire week over the U.S. Capitol. There are thousands of
photographs and videos of these objects.
- The world's powers are not only in contact with one group or
another of these beings, but have been collaborating with them
for some fifty years on largely military projects involving a
mechanical, psychic and biological technology completely unknown
to the official scientific community. Some of these technologies
were deployed during the Gulf War.
- The Great Powers deny such contact exists and have expended
huge sums of money to keep humankind from knowing this. In their
zeal to achieve this, they have bypassed constitutions and legal
codes. But there is an infinity of proof to the contrary. The
mass media has been bought off, deceived or gagged to keep the
truth from being known. One of the most common ways to keep the
masses from finding this out is to ridicule researchers, making
them seem insane or anti-scientific, but on many occasions they
have gone as far as to kill scientists and important persons who
might divulge the truth.
- The SETI project, as well as Project Blue Book, the Condon,
Robertson, and Sturrock Reports, and various Air Force
statements are deceits perpetrated by the U.S. authorities to
make people believe that serious study is being conducted on the
subject.
- At this time, ufology's main task should be try to find to
what extent the secret masters of the planet (among which the
military is prevalent and not necessarily those who appear in
the newspapers) are conniving with these alien intelligences and
what are their ultimate aims.
- These great world leaders are contactee in their own way, and
it is likely that they are being deceived like the majority of
normal contactee. In this case, humanity is being led to the
edge of a precipice.
- To judge by the enormous environmental deterioration (which
has become a manifest change in the world's climate) and the
state of social, mental and spiritual agitation throughout the
planet, one cannot help but believe that we are being led to
global catastrophe.
-   There   is   the   impression  that   ideologies,   customs,
technologies, amusements and economic systems which are suicidal
to humanity are being imposed on us through the mass media,
mainly television. World leaders, who are largely dishonest,
corrupt and addicted to power, are blind to the serious problems
facing humanity and are clumsily and unconsciously following the
orders of something that wants to destroy humanity or enslave
it.
- The majority of ufologists are upset that the great powers
will not admit to the presence of these beings among us, while
others believe that the time is approaching when they will have
no choice but to make such an admission. But I wonder: when they
speak to us, will they tell us the whole truth? And what will we
do when they say it? Will we then become concerned over what the
intentions of these cosmic beings or visitors may be?
- If they are among us, if they are more intelligent than us,
and if they have spent so much time among us, it is only logical
to believe that we have been manipulated and still manipulate us
in some way, just as more evolved humans have manipulated and
used less-evolved cultures in a thousand ways). Therefore,
wouldn't it be convenient to start to find out what their
intentions are, to channel them to our benefit or to defend
against them should they prove harmful? I think that this is
more important than presenting new cases, remain startled by
their   erratic    behavior   or  express   our   discontent   at
officialdom's silence.
- If humanity finally becomes aware that it has been deceived
and used for millennia, would this not be a great piece of news
to stir us up and make us forsake false values we have hitherto
considered   basic    or  sacred  (nations,   races,   religions,
languages) but which in the long run have only promotes war,
injustice and divisions, and began to change the horrors of
human history into a more rational and just one? Have these
"sacred values" been a ploy by these intelligences to keep us
distracted and not realizing that we are slaves?

What is the ultimate purpose of these non-human intelligences?
Discovering it should be ufology's avowed task. Are they
invading us in some way, although we are unaware of it?
                           EX LIBRIS:
         A Random Sampling of Hispanic Ufology in Print

Los Expedientes Secretos: El CESID, el control de las creencias
y los fenómenos inexplicables
by Manuel Carballal. Ediciones Planeta. Madrid: 2001. 494 pg.

INEXPLICATA has been long overdue in reviewing what is probably
the book the shuts the door on a great many "open"
UFO/paranormal cases of the 20th century, and our very own
contributing editor Manuel Carballal is responsible for this
mammoth volume on the deceitful role played by the Spanish
intelligence agency (CESID) in confusing and mystifying
journalists and researchers alike when it comes to paranormal
investigation.

Upon opening the cover, the reader can feel the warm ocean
breeze as the author goes to Cuba to look into the links between
the intelligence services and the religion of santería, whose
undeniable attraction has been used as a means of collecting
intelligence by the island nation's government. Carballal
returns to his native Spain to examine the role played by
psychics and sensitives, including a       priest who uses the
pendulum for divination. The author delves into the strange case
of the Albacete mutilations and their link to the UMMO hoax,
following a thread passes through Morocco's Yezidi cult and its
bizarre rites. An important note should be made of the presence
of Nazi SS physicians during the Albacete mutilations, who would
be subsequently identified as "space-faring ummites."
But the Iberian peninsula appears not hold enough mysteries for
Carballal, who visits far-flung Mongolia in search of further
clues to the ties between intelligence agencies and the
paranormal. Sharing a bottle of Mongolian vodka made from mare's
milk, he interviews General Battsagan Tsiiregzen, who elaborated
on one of the most important psy-ops missions in recent memory:
the 1982 "apparition" of the Blessed Virgin over Havana,
supposedly projected by a U.S. submarine. "As I was able to
ascertain," writes Carballal, "many eyewitnesses experienced
genuine emotional shock. A policeman who saw the apparition from
the waterfront drew his pistol and opened fire against the
apparition...the hapless officer was taken to a hospital and
later received psychiatric treatment."
Even more shocking is the statement that Spain's CESID
"abducted" beggars off the streets to subject them to
experiments aimed at testing a drug geared toward immobilizing
victims without affecting their vital functions...a drug to be
employed against enemies of the state.
A brief review such as this cannot possibly do justice to the
years of work and tens of thousands of miles that Manuel
Carballal has put into Los Expedientes Secretos. Its nearly five
hundred pages force the reader to realize that there are other
more mundane forces at work in the study of the paranormal--
forces that cleverly employ UFOs, abductions, and other
phenomena for their own purposes.

INEXPLICATA gives Los Expedientes Secretos : * * * *
