{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T15:00:41Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 112133, "source_ctime_ns": 1788555883456450934, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-05.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788555883452874328, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-05.pdf", "source_sha256": "8ad4417f02d780c3833a5f3db28debce64425ba84e7fb26a8e22caaed8c63da5"}

INEXPLICATA
                 The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
                            Issue # 5
                          Winter 1999

     INEXPLICATA is the official journal of the Institute of
     Hispanic Ufology, an organization dedicated to increasing and
     promoting information and awareness on UFO and paranormal
     research in Spain, the Caribbean, Central and South America.
Editor
     Scott Corrales
Assistant Editor
(all article submissions and letters)
     Juan Carlos Mallory
     P.O. Box 228
     Derrick City, PA 16727
Contributing Editors
     Manuel Carballal (Spain)
     Willie Durand Urbina (Puerto Rico)
     Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros (Mexico)
     Lucy Guzmán de Plá (Puerto Rico)
                      DEPARTMENTS AND COLUMNS

Ex Libris (book reviews) ..................................... 37
Dr. Rafael Lara's MEXICO WATCH ............................... 39
                      ARTICLES AND FEATURES

UFOs, Astrophysicists and the MIR Space Station
by Rubén Sobrino .............................................. 1
UFOs in Galicia
by Grupo FENIX ................................................ 3
Saucer Exhibitionism and Close Encounters
Manuel Carballal .............................................. 4
Voices of the Millennium: The INEXPLICATA Interview
by Juan Carlos Mallory ....................................... 15
Experimental Ufology: A New Trail to Blaze
by Andrea Pérez Simondini .................................... 25
Alchichica Lagoon: Puebla, Mexico
by Arturo del Moral Medina--Grupo Cassiopea .................. 27
                 The Millennium Arrives


OK, OK, so it won't be here for another year, but the
"commercial" millennium is only 70 days away as I write these
words, completely oblivious to astronomers and others bent on
reminding us that the 20th century ends in double zero, not
in ninety-nine. INEXPLICATA feels no embarrassment at joining
in the happy (and growing) ranks of '99ers and celebrating
the arrival of the third millennium of the Common Era along
with the best of them.

This issue of INEXPLICATA is the longest one to date and
perhaps the most significant. Having presented the work of
many notable authors from across the Spanish-speaking world,
we now have the chance to let our readers "hear" their own
voices on a number of UFO and paranormal questions--replies
that convey concern, understanding and even humor about the
protean field that brings us together. A variety of points of
view are represented: hard science, spiritualism, old-
fashioned ufology and even the ubiquitous Teletubbies get a
plug.

Manuel Carballal, who has just returned from a hazardous trek
across Mongolia, shares his thoughts on "Saucer Exhibitionism
and Close Encounters" while Andrea Pérez Simondini considers
the boon of "Experimental Ufology--a New Trail to Blaze"; Dr.
Rafael A. Lara's MEXICO WATCH discusses an aberrant case of
popular psychosis over a diminutive "UFO dummy" in Veracruz
which attracted the attention of the Intelligence agencies.
In short, we hope that you will find what you're looking for
in this last issue of the Millennium (so to speak).


Scott Corrales
Editor, INEXPLICATA
Director, Institute of Hispanic Ufology
Aside from being an experienced webmaster for his own site,
"Expedientes Secretos" and for Spain's highly popular "Mundo
Misterioso", Rubén Sobrino is a noted ufologist and a member of
SEIP-La Coruña. This is his first contribution to INEXPLICATA.

UFOs, Astrophysicists and the MIR Space Station
by Rubén Sobrino

On January 16 of this year, almost all the newspapers in our
country echoed the same remarkable news item from Moscow, carried
by the prestigious EFE news agency.

The agency in question disclosed certain controversial statements
made by Russian astrophysicist Boris Rodionov to Moscow's
Komsomolskaya Pravda, in which he claimed to have proof of the
existence of "a highly developed extraterrestrial civilization on
one of the satellites of the planet Jupiter.

The astrophysicist also claimed that the enigmatic "flying saucer"
phenomenon which has stimulated popular imagination worldwide
could well be "outriders for this civilization."

Wielding a vast amount of scientific data and photographs
transmitted by NASA's "Galileo" probe, Rodionov, a tenured
professor of Microphysics and Cosmophysics of the State Institute
of Physical Engineering, stated that Europa, smallest of Jupiter's
four main satellites, "was inhabited by an ancient and
technologically advanced civilization." Through the use of a high-
powered   computer   and   sophisticated   photographic   analysis
technology, the scientist managed to obtain a close-up with a
record-breaking resolution of nine kilometers from the satellite's
surface, enabling him to make out the contours of what he calls
pipes, tunnels and spherical domes. The photo clearly shows--
according to Rodionov--that the lines formerly considered as mere
fissures by the scientific community actually cross over each
other like a knot of expressways.

According to Rodionov, the variety of "pipelines" and "tunnels",
having a diameter similar to the "Chunnel" that crosses the
English Channel, is surprising. "There are 100 kilometer segments,
as well as other pipelines having immense junctures or orifices
between them."

Anyone may join the controversy, since the image in which Rodionov
claims to see the aforementioned pipelines and tunnels is
available to anyone having Internet access and a simple photo
retouching program capable of analyzing it. This photo, which is
available from the NASA/JPL net server that provides images for
the "Galileo" mission, in fact portrays a number of lines
(fissures, in fact) which cross each other but never at different
elevations, as the scientist has claimed. Having a width of 20 to
40 kilometers and thousands of kilometers in length, it is
believed that the fissures are attributable to a period of global
expansion on Europa, caused by volcanic eruptions or geysers under
its frosty surface, creating a series of fractures on the ice
crust.

This news item would not go beyond being an amusing anecdote, were
it not for the fact that it is the first time that a person
related to the armed forces or the Russian Space Agency made
similar statements to the press.

On December 23, 1998, another news item pertaining to the UFO
phenomenon appeared in a number of papers. As with the preceding
one, it also came from Moscow, but in this event, the source was
cosmonaut Alexandr Baladin.

Baladin stated that "flying saucers" have come into close
proximity to the MIR space station as well as the Baikonur
Cosmodrome, further adding there is sufficient evidence in
existence to warrant a scientific study of the phenomenon, and
that it is time that world governments officially acknowledge the
UFO phenomenon's existence.

"General Vladimir Ivanov, former commander of Russia's Military
Space Forces, recalls that three objects flew at a considerable
altitude over the Baikonur Cosmodrome and were picked up on radar.
There is no way they could have been airplanes." insisted the
cosmonaut.

Baladin also disclosed at Brazil's First International Ufology
Forum that he himself had been the protagonist of a disturbing
experience (along with fellow cosmonaut Musa Manarov) during his
second space mission. While the docking operations between his
space capsule and MIR were underway, Baladin became aware of a
glowing object gyrating a short distance away.

Manarov managed to capture the strange phenomenon on videotape,
which was also shown during the UFO congress in question. Baladin
claimed that the recording, along with other evidence presented
during the Congress, "must be studied by an international
scientific commission."

Baladin insisted that the Russian military has a great
contribution to make to UFO research, giving as an example the
multiple-witness case at the Kaputsin Yar missile base, whose
personnel sighted a semi-circular object flying at low altitude
and lighting up all of the base's depots and magazines with a
powerful searchlight in June 1989. "Many of my old comrades, who
are now working at top-secret military facilities, acknowledge
having seen unidentified flying objects over manufacturing
centers, gunnery ranges and military facilities."

In any event, Baladin made it clear that "not all that can be seen
should be taken for a UFO, since it is very possible that we may
be facing natural phenomena which have not been properly studied."

All of these explosive and unexpected statements should at least
cause us to ask many questions about what is happening in the
former USSR on the ufological level. Questions which shall
invariably remain unanswered...or will they?


The region of Galicia in northwestern Spain was the site of a
massive UFO flap several years ago. This 1997 report from the
FENIX Group is testimony to the thorough research conducted by
UFO investigators during this saucer wave.

Humanoids in Galicia
by Grupo FENIX

The UFO wave remains in full force throughout the northern par to
the country and some very well documented cases are becoming
known. ENIGMAS magazine has visited the locations which have been
in the news lately to present new data regarding the strange
visits being reported in certain parts of Galicia, as told by the
witnesses to this event.

On Thursday, February 20th, the village of Paradaseca (Orense),
belonging to the municipality of Chanderxa de Quiexa, found its
usual peacefulness disturbed by a strange visit. Local shepherd
Heliodoro Núñez, 76, was the hapless protagonist of an incident
involving a number of 3 meter-tall entities. "It was around four
in the afternoon, more or less, when I was with the herd in a
field located some three kilometers from the detour on the
Chandrexa road, along the Devesas River. Suddenly, the dogs
started barking and staring at a point behind me. At first I
thought I might have to do with wolves, but when I turned around
and saw those tall, weird "things", I realized they were no
wolves..."

On the days following the event, members of La Coruña's Grupo
Fenix visited the scene. The aged witness assured them that he had
been able to see with great clarity two enormous beings looking
over the hedges. They stood in excess of three meters and [their
heads]   were  covered   by   something  similar   to  a   strange
"mortarboard" or "luminous bishop's mitre". The whole--the two
beings, who were like "Siamese twins" and their curious headgear--
changed color in unison, acquiring various shades of red, blue,
yellow and green...

"It was otherworldly," stated Heliodoro Núñez, "and the fact is
that I began to pray when I saw the apparition." The fear this man
experienced did not go unnoticed by his closest relatives over the
following days. Heliodoro's wife told ENIGMAS that "he arrived
home feeling very, very scared. He prayed for a long time and
spent two sleepless nights afterward, unable to eat anything. I
can't tell you what he saw, but it scared him very much."

Aside from Heliodoro Núñez, our companions found another witness
to this spectacular event. Juan González González,42, a resident
of Casteligo (also in Chandrexa de Queixa municipality) claimed
that on the very same day and time, and at the same place where
the humanoid encounter occurred, he saw a deep red light
motionless over the treetops. Given the distance separating him
from the man from Paradaseca, he was unable to see the "two
giants". He did confirm, however, that when he came across
Heliodoro, the man was "running with this goats in fear." Forty-
eight hours later, Juan González told Orense's La Región
newspaper: "At first I thought it was a fire, but no smoke rose
from it. I also thought it was a tractor, but it couldn't be. It
could've been a balloon, but it didn't move at all. I don't know
what it was, but it easily measured three meters."

The investigation is ongoing. Members of Grupo Fenix have found
some metallized spheres at the site which are being subjected to
analysis to identify their nature.

Almost simultaneously, Heliodoro Núñez's son began experiencing
night terrors and pronounced ocular irritation. It would seem that
the 25 year old man appeared in his parent's bedroom the night
before, carrying a mattress and fully ready to spend the night
with them. According to his account, he was afraid of sleeping in
his room since "strange lights were appearing before him."

Newsflash!
The incident in Chandrexa de Queixa municipality is by no means
the last one. In the early morning hours of Saturday, March 15, a
rhomboidal object was filmed from the top of the A Espenuca hill
in the town of Betanzos. The object consisted of five and six
lights, alternately. The aerial phenomenon was caught on film at
04:13 hours while a group of youngsters followed the progress of
comet Hale-Bopp. A day later, at 19:00 hours, a couple and their
son were driving along the Alto de Sesta highway near Abadín
(Lugo), when they were able to see a spectacular celestial event
they compared to Fátima's "dance of the sun".

The Galician flap doesn't seem to have ended yet, as can be
gleaned from these cases. Contributing Editor Manuel Carballal
gives us the following information.


"Ultima Hora" (Newspaper), June 2, 1999
Four Residents of Laxe Claim Having Seen a UFO for Over 2 Hours
by Cristina Viu -- Newsroom

Around eleven o'clock last night, Antonio Toja swept clean his bar
in the port town of Laxe while his wife María Elena and son
Roberto viewed the last chapter of Mareas Vivas on TVG. He
suddenly noticed a very bright light suspended in the sky.
Although startled, he proceeded with his task until half an hour
later, during the intermission of the televised broadcast, he
remarked about the incident to his family. They then reached for a
pair of binoculars and realized that the object was nothing
"customary."

Around that time, they summoned    a neighbor, José Manuel Pato,
president of the Yacht Club, to act as their witness, because
according to María Elena: "Whenever I saw these things on TV I
thought [the witnesses] were people suffering hallucinations." The
three men decided to venture to the graveyard in order to get a
better view of the object.

The sighting lasted two hours until the object moved downward and
to the right to shine with even greater intensity around 1:30
a.m.. The case has caused a stir in Laxe and there were people
scanning the skies yesterday.

No Explanations or Confirmation
The sighting could not be confirmed by the control tower at
Lavacolla Airport nor by the Regional Maritime Rescue Center.
Neither of these two agencies, according to their spokespeople,
had any information--whether directly or indirectly--regarding a
strange event on Monday night in the Laxe area.

The A Coruña Meteorological Institute stated that no strange
phenomena occurred on Monday which could have been mistaken for a
UFO, and did not hazard any guesses. On the other hand, the
astronomical   observatory   in   Santiago   explained   that   no
extraordinary events had been envisioned for time, but ventured a
hypothesis involving the planet Venus, which came undone when the
object's movements were explained to the investigator. In any
case, he advised that a sky watch should be kept over the
following days. In none of the cases did the parties consulted
betray any surprise while explaining the phenomenon allegedly seen
at Laxe.


"Ultima Hora" (Newspaper), June 5, 1999
"Living Stars" Over Laxe

On Sunday night, they show X-Files on TV, but its more fun
watching it live. This can be done without any problems in Laxe,
and it happened again last Thursday. At first, only five or six
people were involved. When things got serious, all the cellular
phones came alive as word spread throughout the area. That's when
things got started. Enthusiastic spectators (though not all)
followed the maneuvers of a luminous "signal" which appeared and
disappeared in the dark skies. Four local residents had seen it
two days earlier.
There were close encounters of the third kind in Laxe. Third,
because people had already met twice: the first time involved four
residents, successfully; the second was washed out due to the
clouds and rain.

It all started at 11:50 p.m. José Manuel Pato, president of the
Laxe Yacht Club; the four crewmen of an Irish merchant vessel,
along with a couple of residents and a journalist noticed that
something funny was going on up there.

And, what was it they saw?

A light-- similar in size and intensity to what three Venus-sized
planets could produce in their maximum evening glory--hung quietly
in high above the horizon. Nothing unusual up to this point. The
problem, to give it a name, is that the light suddenly dwindled in
intensity until it remained a mere point of light. Again, nothing
unusual here, except that the light began glowing again with
renewed intensity...and this is really unusual.

The most spectacular part of the event lasted barely twenty
minutes, up to 12:10 a.m. more or less. The light decreased
gradually in intensity and began doing strange things in the
measure that curiosity seekers reached the top of the hill. The
astronomical equation remained thus: plenty people, little glow.
And little faith.

Cars began arriving at the spot near the cemetery. One of them
carried the cast of Mareas Vivas with the shellfish gatherer, the
doctor and the clients of Petróleo's bar. "Doctor" Carlos Blanco
was in charge of livening up the proceedings; an incredulous girl
stated that [the light] was only an airplane. "Be quiet, Scully,"
Blanco told her, alluding to the skeptical agent in the X-Files.
There was no point in breaking up the mood, anyway.

At another point, the actor indicated that the light could very
well be an item of extraterrestrial political campaigning, such as
"Vote for XTY of the M-35 Galaxy" or some such.

The worst part is that the light became increasingly lazy and
would not reappear, even when called upon to do so. And when it
did appear, the shouts of:"Here, Hey! Over Here!" would, of
course, make it turn off. At least it was captured on video--from
where it can't get away.

INEXPLICATA Contributing Editor Manuel Carballal investigates
one of the most "character flaws" of the UFO phenomenon--its
persistent need for making a spectacle of itself! This article
originally appeared in the June 1999 issue of El Ojo Crítico.

Saucer Exhibitionism and Close Encounters
by Manuel Carballal

It had happened again. Upon reaching the small village of Lestedo,
scant kilometers from Compostela, I ran once more into what I've
come to term as "UFO exhibitionism". The recent landing case of a
supposedly unidentified craft posed a scenario I had already seen
in many similar cases, only that on this occasion it was
positively shameless. Now we were dealing with a "flying saucer",
described by the female witness as a "large disk with borders
filled with yellow lights, having a slightly larger and reddish
light in its middle..."

Dunia Sinde, a delightful eight-year old girl, was home alone on
that October night. Her parents were busy running the cafeteria
they own in Santiago. At around two in the morning, Dunia was
startled by a strange sound like that of "a felt tip pen while
drawing on a piece of paper." A strange yellow glow poured into
her room from the exterior. She got out of bed and headed to the
window. That's when she saw it. Right in front of her. Some 80
meters away. Almost touching the ground but without contacting it:
it was a "flying saucer."

When I reached the landing site a few days later, both Dunia and
her father, Alejandro Sinde, patiently answered my questions,
allowed me to tale soil samples, take photographs and make video
recordings. What they could not explain was why that object--
whatever it was--should have chosen that site to "show itself
off."
The Sinde family's home is discreetly isolated. Right in back of
the house, where Dunia's bedroom "happens" to be located, there is
a 150 meter long lawn surrounded by eucalyptus trees. This expanse
is cut down the middle by a bushy row of trees. Why did this
object choose to land precisely next to the house? Why didn't it
land at the other side of the trees, which would have made it
completely invisible to prying eyes? From an aerial perspective,
this situation is clearly visible. If a pilot--alien or human--
wanted to land without being seen, it would do so on the left hand
side of the expanse, beyond the trees. However, the object chose
to land a few meters to the right, on the other side of the trees-
-just enough to be seen by the witness. It landed, allowed Dunia
to look at it for a few seconds, and then "started making the felt
tip pen sound again before leaving and vanishing from site..."

UFO Exhibitionism

Regardless of how much information they may amass, the reports
they may file, or how much data they feed into their computers,
those ufologists who do not engage in field work will never be
able to understand certain facets of the UFO phenomenon: aspects,
sensations, intuitions or even events that only become apparent
while burning shoe leather and beating the same roads, trails and
highways where the slippery saucers have allowed themselves to be
seen. The contempt expressed by certain self-appointed "scientific
ufologists" like Ricardo Campo against what they term "picnic
ufology" leads them to miss out on certain aspects of          the
phenomenon, which are indispensable for its comprehension.

Hoofing it to the geographic sites where close encounters have
occurred gives us precisely this perspective. That's why when I
reached the remote village of Mansilla in the province of Burgos,
I felt that sensation yet again. I was accompanied by Carmen, a
young graduate in Geography and History who had gone through an
uncanny experience precisely at the same place where we stood.

Carmen was returning to her home in Burgos in the fading hours of
the afternoon. While driving along the road between the villages
of Mansilla and Arroyal, she was surprised by a luminous object
that swooped down on her car...

I managed to find burned shrubs and strange prints at the exact
location of the "encounter". While taking samples which would
later be analyzed by Reia Lab Scan, S.A., it suddenly dawned on me
that the object had "landed" only 30 meters from a discreet hollow
where it could have remained invisible to any indiscreet glances
from Carmen or anyone else driving along that road.

Carmen agreed to undergo all manner of tests, including two
hypnotic regression sessions--one of which I witnessed-- performed
by Dr. José Andrés Lozano from Burgos. We were unable to extract a
reasonable answer to this evident UFO exhibitionism from her
stories, whether awake or under hypnosis. It is as if the object
had been expecting one witness in particular, at that place and
time, and chose to "act" upon him or her...

The cases catalogued by the late J.Allen Hynek as "close
encounters" are often accompanied by this disconcerting attitude,
leading certain researchers, myself included, to believe that the
old ufological theory--so popular in the '60s and '70s--of alien
scientists being caught unawares by indiscreet witnesses is false.
Landings and humanoid encounter cases, or at least a fair share of
them, appear suspiciously "forced". The witness appears to find
him/herself at exactly the right time and place for a UFO or its
shameless occupants choose to allow themselves to be seen. One of
the most graphic examples of this UFO exhibitionism has taken
place on a number of Spanish beaches.

Strangers on the Beach

I found fresh evidence of UFO exhibitionism when I travelled to
Punta Hidalgo on the island of Tenerife [one of the Canary
Islands--Ed.] to research some notable UFO sightings which had
occurred there over the preceding months. However, none of them
had been seen closely as the case experienced by Olga and José, a
married couple, scant weeks before my visit. Olga and José were
inside their vehicle, admiring the spectacular night sky as seen
from Punta Hidalgo as well as from many other spots on Tenerife.
Although they did confess that their visit to the area was
prompted by constant stories of UFOs in the area.
The couple suddenly noticed a strange, luminous, semi-spherical
object approaching the coast. Motionless, the couple witnessed the
uncanny event from their car seats: some strange, tall entities,
with long hair and completely human-looking, had "landed" on the
sands of Punta Hidalgo before their very eyes...What ufologist
could even dream that some "alien scientists" wishing to remain
anonymous would exit their craft on a beach, right in front of the
only car parked in the entire area?

The fact is that Spanish beaches have been the stage--and I
underline the "stage" part-- of an infinity of UFO incidents. Can
there be a less suitable place, and more devoid of shelter, for
protection against curious glances than a beach?

Having reached this point, it is inevitable to mention the Conil
case, without a doubt one of the most famous and controversial UFO
cases of the past years. When the TASS news agency stunned the
world in 1989 with news of a UFO landing in the Russian city of
Voronezh, it eclipsed all subsequent UFO stories. For this reason,
the media paid no heed whatsoever when a new UFO incident took
place 2 days following the events at Voronezh, this time in the
town of Conil near Cádiz in southern Spain.

Dozens of researchers made the pilgrimage to Conil in search of
new information on the elusive saucer phenomenon. The witnesses
endured, with saintly patience, the questions of a thousand and
one ufologists, and retold their experiences on the beach at Conil
an equal number of times--a case involving two strange humanoids
that allegedly emerged from a UFO. I took the trouble to climb the
hill located on the right-hand end of the beach to take some
general photos of the "encounter". A glance at these photos will
suffice to show that beach features much more discreet locations
than the point, which is right in front of the town center and
several hotels and small businesses, where the supposed aliens
were "accidentally" seen.

This behavior has remained a constant in similar cases. Months
after the Conil case, a new "humanoid landing" took place on
another Spanish beach. A case hitherto unknown, as so many others.
But on this occasion we must travel to the other end of the
country, more than 1000 kilometers away.

Much like the Conil case, this new incident, which was shared by
multiple witnesses, took place in the town of Sada (La Coruña).
And I use the word "shared" because as at Conil, a group of
witnesses observed strange lights in the sky--"UFOs"--shortly
before other witnesses noticed the strange humanoids on the beach.

On that night, right at midnight, D. José Francisco García,
director of the Radio Oleiros station, was driving in his car
accompanied by his wife and in-laws, bordering the beach at Sada.
The four witnesses managed to see the strange luminous, cigar-
shaped object "completely surrounded by light bulbs" as it crossed
the sky. Their observation lasted some 5 to 6 minutes, as they
would later tall me. Upon visiting the area, I learned that
another couple had an even more surprising experience on the same
beach. As Juan (a witnesses who demands the utmost anonymity)
would tell me, he and his wife were on the beach that night a few
hours after José García and his family witnessed the strange
aerial object. They suddenly ran into two strange humanoids who
appeared to emerge from the sea. Both of them, as in the Conil
case, were dressed in long tunics and carried a kind of bag "into
which something was being poured." My investigations in the area
show that it is probable that other people witnessed the
manifestation of the entities from a greater distance, but why in
that precise area of the beach and not by the cliffs, which is
much less conspicuous? One could honestly believe that the two
entities were there, and at that moment, for the benefit of Juan
and his wife.

The Transcendent Experience
This "UFO exhibitionism" -- as if the phenomenon were choosing
precisely the right time and witness to appear -- leads us to a
further question: the fact that encounters that UFOs and their
alleged "occupants" go far beyond representing a casual incident
in a witness's life. Without arguing if these experiences are real
or a sort of mystical experience, I can still state that these
experiences are more than an "accidental" and isolated event, at
least in most cases. Certain authors, largely from the U.S.A.,
believe that encounters with alleged aliens forms part of a
follow-up in the witnesses' lives, thus implying that new UFO
incidents will occur over time.

D. Manuel Castro is an airport operator. He has spent a
considerable part of his life linked to the world of aeronautics,
performing maintenance on airplanes. It is for this reason that he
has never been able to identify the strange artifact that he saw
land in a Galician town in the summer of 1958. Out of this object-
-completely atypical in UFO lore--there emerged three humanoids
dressed in tight-fitting outfits who then proceeded to collect
soil samples. This amazing and "casual" encounter with the
humanoids appeared to be an isolated experience in his life until
he had a repeat UFO experience in the Nineties. One of them, which
took place in the heart of the city, was so impressive that it led
him to immortalize his experience on canvas. D. Manuel's painting,
which depicts the UFO that surprised him in the middle of the
night, is impregnated with the full emotional burden that a UFO
witness can convey.

It is precisely this emotional factor, the trembling in the voice,
the beads of sweat on the witness's forehead, that cannot be
captured by any questionnaire submitted by mail from a ufologist.
It is all too often that so-called "analysts" or "armchair
researchers" miss out on this dimension of the phenomenon. A
dimension that is of the greatest importance, to my understanding.
The emotional burden in many cases constitutes an invitation to
reflection. As well as the disquieting coincidence of details in
witness accounts, separated by hundreds of kilometers or dozens of
years. These coincidences, not only in the shape of the objects
but in the description of the devices, are perceived by the field
researcher even in the use of language, in the comparisons made by
the witness, or in the emotion arising from the retelling of the
experience. Could these similes be attributable to chance?
Perhaps, if the experience being described was archetypical, in
other words, a story involving a "flying saucer" brimming over
with macrocephalic little green men, which have been made
commonplace by the media or films. But, what if the witnesses are
describing the same phenomenon, completely different from the
psychosocial influence of the cinema? When Manuel Castro, for
example, drew in my field notebook strange phone-booth shaped UFO
one from which three "astronauts" in tight-fitting coveralls
emerged, I found it absurd. I had to traverse the nearly 950
kilometers separating Galicia from Seville to find a "twin" case,
only better documented.

Miguel Fernández Carrasco's experience should occupy a privileged
position in European ufological history: on the night of January
28, 1978, Miguel, who was then 24 years old, had dropped off his
girlfriend, Carmen Alvarado Sáenz, age 20, at her house around
midnight, and returned home from Sanlúcar la Mayor to Benacazón,
some four kilometers away.

According to his report, he noticed a "shooting star" around
twelve-thirty a.m. A few minutes later, the "star" turned in to an
unidentified craft which landed some five meters away from the
witness. The object had a parallelepipedal configuration, much
like a telephone booth "but much larger" (some two meters wide by
three and a half meters tall)--similar to the one described by
Manuel Castro in Galicia, having a sort of dome on its upper
section which issued read and white flashes. Near the upper edge
of the vehicle's "trunk" were two appendages shaped like fins. A
kind of door in the shape of a half-archway opened, spinning on
hypothetical hinges. At that moment, a blinding light issued from
the inside of the ship, and a ramp projected toward the floor.

According to the young man's story, he was frozen in terror as two
humanoid beings standing some two meters tall emerged from the
craft. They wore tight-fitting coveralls "like a frogman's wet
suit", according to Miguel, and a thick belt whose buckle emitted
soft, rhythmic red flashes. Despite his terror, Miguel managed to
control his panic and broke into a run. The humanoids promptly
returned to the object and it "took off". Looking behind him as he
ran, the witness claims that the UFO rose in a great puff of
smoke, heading toward him--which only served to increase his
panic. The craft soon overtook him, and Miguel felt that he was
hit with "a burning exhaust or emanation" from the UFO. The young
man remembers nothing more until he appeared at the entrance to
his house.
He was taken to the emergency room of Seville's Hospital San
Lázaro where he underwent extensive tests. According to the report
I found at said institution, he was found to have strange burns
and ocular irritation "similar to having been exposed to a very
powerful light". The most surprising fact about the case is that a
Seville judge called Miguel to testify, giving place to the only
court action ever taken in a case of UFO aggression in Europe. A
legal action which, I might add, was lost in the shuffle of
paperwork and took me many days to obtain, involving an adventure
which touches the limits of the unimaginable. This legal action
constitutes, without a doubt, one of the most extraordinary
documents in European UFO history, and the strange premature aging
of the witness over the past years should also be cause for
reflection on the matter.

Does this extraordinary pursuit by an unknown craft represent a
unique case in Spanish ufology? Not at all. I would now have to
travel to Barcelona to research a case disconcertingly similar to
Miguel's.

This case involved Juan Soler Cintas, a resident of Manresa, who
lived through a chase quite similar to Miguel's. The protagonists
of the event were a cigar-shaped object and humanoids dressed like
"astronauts". Could three men from Galicia, Cataluña and Andalucía
have invented such similar characters while having no contact
between them?

These coincidences, these significant "chance events" in UFO
stories can only become visible in the field researchers logbook,
when he or she has had the opportunity to interview the witnesses
in very similar cases, event though these may be separated in
space and/or time. It is said that an image is worth more than a
thousand words, and when three witnesses separated by time and
space draw an apparently identical phenomenon in my logbook, it is
hard to attribute this coincidence to "chance".

In 1996, I visited the community of Proaza in Asturias to
investigate a series of close encounter events. One of them was
experienced by Monserrat and Camilo Rivera. It was 21:35 hours
when the young couple observed an enormous white light descending
over the trees near their house. The luminous sphere stopped 50
meters from the house at treetop level. Once again, the phenomenon
chose to appear within full view of the witnesses and not in the
concealment offered by the nearby woods. It had a kind of "door"
in its middle and suddenly projected a sort of "multicolored ramp
of lights". According to the witnesses, the enormous sphere
terrified them. In fact, Monserrat was the first one to run into
the house to protect her children from "a thing that wasn't of
this world". When Camilo Rivera drew what he had seen in my
logbook, I was left dumbfounded. The humble Asturian farmer had
drawn an object suspiciously similar to the one described by the
witnesses of the UFO landing at Galdar (Las Palmas, Canary
Islands) many years earlier. But let's not get ahead of ourselves.
A new landing would take place long afterwards, this time in
remote spot called Ferreiras, in the municipality of Friol, and
that's where I was headed. José Manuel Castro, an illiterate
worker, was the main protagonist of this incident. According to
his story, an enormous, spherical object resembling the full moon
descended over the treetops scant meters from his home. Gripped by
panic, Jose Manuel ran into his home; peeping through the window
and shielded by a pane of glass, he noticed how the gargantuan
sphere had stopped over the trees and projected a halo of light
"like a rainbow".


The description made by José Manuel Castro in Friol was
astoundingly similar to the one made by Camilo Rivera regarding
the sphere that had hovered over the trees at his home in Proaza,
250 kilometers from Ferrerías. But there's more. When Jose Manuel
Castro looked out the window and saw the "ramp of light looking
like a rainbow", he could also see a group of three or four small
humanoids descending along it, while an equal number of 2 or 3
meter tall beings remained on board. Even more surprising is that
after analyzing the terrain on which the object had supposedly
landed, we found the prints of--landing gear?--forming a triangle
measuring 8 x 8 x 10 meters and some completely unidentifiable
"footprints". We managed to make plaster casts of the prints,
which could not be attributed to any known animal after analysis
at Universidad de Santiago and by zoologists in the city of Lugo.

What is boggles the mind is that this utterly illiterate farmer
had drawn several "giants" within the sphere, suspiciously similar
to a classic UFO incident which took place thousands of miles away
and twenty years earlier. When we visited Galdar on the island of
Grand Canary, we managed to secure the exact same description of
an object much too similar in appearance and behavior to the one
in Ferrerias or Proaza to be "coincidental".

The Thousand and One Faces of a Myth

Antonio Meilán López is a normal man leading a normal life. He
owns a small store, is a devoted family man, and a football
fan...like so many other normal men. As a teenager, he witnessed a
completely amazing phenomenon: while returning home one afternoon
in a small Galician town, he ran into a group of small beings
wearing tunics. Steeped in Galician popular culture, Antonio
Meilán identified those strange creatures with the Santa Compaña
his elders had told him so much about. Like Antonio, many
Galicians who have encountered strange entities in the night have
identified them with the Compaña. When similar tunicked creatures
have been seen in any city in Castille or Cataluña, or on a beach
in Conil, they have been identified as "aliens". Only after having
a "classic" UFO experience a few months ago (our reason for
interviewing him) did he take an interest in ufology, and after
reading a few books and articles on the phenomenon, he rethought
his opinion about the creatures, believing them to be more closely
related to outer space than to folklore.
Antonio Meilán's experience should lead us to ponder. Anthropology
and Sociology texts are laden with alleged "folklore" cases which
undoubtedly conceal genuine "close encounters with humanoids"
which could engross the files of any ufologist.

Serafín Pena Tejeiro, for example, is a young resident of Cospeito
(Lugo) who was catapulted to national prominence in the national
media after recounting his encounter with two strange flying
beings. As he told us upon visiting his home--a humble farm--
Serafín had left home before dawn to reach the spot where a friend
would pick him up every day to go to work. No sooner had he left
his doorstep than he witnessed an amazing sight: over the treetops
he could see a sort of "luminous stand" upon which two humanoid
figures were walking. They reminded young Serafín of the Blessed
Virgin that can be seen in the town chapel, and who else could it
be? The unspecialized media dubbed the story "The Virgin Appears
at Cospeito". However, any student of Marian phenomena would
notice that Serafín's encounter lacked any of the elements which
characterize Marian events. There were neither messages nor
mystical phenomena; the witness was not a clairvoyant; there were
no healings, and the apparition never repeated itself. Serafín
employed a simile that matched his cultural context to describe
what he had seen--just like thousands of other witnesses. To
identify the nature of the phenomenon by means of what the witness
transmits to the researcher is very daring and often incorrect.

In very few cases can we illustrate this concept more clearly than
in the series of "apparitions" which occurred in the gypsy
neighborhood of Penamoa (La Coruña) in the mid-'80s: over days, if
not weeks, the residents of Penamoa and some researchers who
joined them, patrolled the surroundings of the town, armed with
rifles and handguns in an attempt to hunt down the strange
humanoid that had been seen in the vicinity. The discovery of some
animals slain under mysterious circumstances, plus the strange
lights in the sky that accompanied the manifestations of the
humanoid, were overlooked by non-specialized chroniclers. To the
gypsy community--strongly influenced by evangelical churches--the
apparition had to be demonic, and the services of a group of
pentecostal exorcists were recruited in an effort to banish the
entity through prayer.

As had occurred in similar cases, such as the apparitions of
humanoids in Vega de Coria or Santander following repeated
sightings, the humanoid disappeared along with the enigmatic
lights in the sky. Was it a diabolic apparition, as the Protestant
pastors claimed, or a new UFO humanoid incident?

Beyond all the anthropological, religious, folkloric or even
ufological explanations that can be put forth, we have the
eyewitnesses' own testimonies. Accounts which may coincide despite
the effect of time or distance and which often point to an
incomprehensible exhibitionism on the phenomenon's part; accounts
of phenomena which will be identified by the witness according to
his or her cultural context. However, aside from all our
conjectures and speculations, "they" remain out there--lurking in
the shadows for the right place and time so that one of us,
perhaps even you, becomes an involuntary witness to the absurd
phenomenon known as UFO.

Fear of the Unknown: The Ultimate Evidence

In 1997, the overwhelming UFO wave in Galicia caused us to wander
some 2000 kms. from one town to another in the Spanish northeast.
Each investigated sighting bore rumors of a new case in another
town, and the car's front end immediately pointed in that
direction. Finally, after collecting testimonies from several
witnesses on the border between Galicia and Asturias, a powerful
snowstorm trapped my car, lacking chains for the tires, on a
mountain pass where the interviewees had warned me of the presence
of wild bears. Such are the hazards of field research.

Shivering from the cold -- the Lada Niva lacked a heater -- and
mindful of any noise in the surrounding forest, I remained there
for a few endless hours awaiting the arrival of the tow truck I'd
requested through my cellular phone. Hopefully it would reach me
before the bears did. The mechanic found me huddled in the seat,
defending myself with a ridiculously small knife. I must have been
a sight when he knocked on the windshield and made me jump out of
my body. "I can see you weren't exaggerating over the phone,
boss," the fellow in the blue coveralls remarked, "you were pretty
scared, huh?" He was right. I wasn't lying when I phoned the
nearest shop and said I was in an emergency; the fact is that
real, sincere and spontaneous fear is one of humanity's most
eloquent elements, including the UFO phenomenon.

An even more eloquent and revealing case came from Sierra de Outes
(La Coruña). We met with the witness, Manolo Javela, in the town's
only bar. When told that we had travelled the distance because of
the UFO experience, he knotted his brow and violently denied all
of the rumors that had reached us: "I made that stuff up, and
besides, I didn't see anything!" Having travelled hundreds of
kilometers to interview the man, we dejectedly finished our coffee
and sandwich before leaving. Only when we made it clear that we
weren't journalists and no photos of him would be published did
his attitude change. For Manolo Javela had been through two
traumatic experiences: a close encounter with humanoids and the
pitiless mockery of the press. It had led him to conclude that it
was better to be taken for a joker than a madman (and I invite all
"pseudo-skeptics" to reflect upon this).

On the day of the incident, Manolo had been found by some
neighbors huddled inside his car and shouting for help. When they
managed to get him out of the car, he wouldn't stop screaming that
a flying saucer and some little green men had attacked him. "I
never saw a man gripped by such visible fear," said one of the
locals who found him. To the people of Outes -- putting aside all
journalists, armchair ufologists and pseudo-skeptics -- Manolo's
fear was sufficient proof of the honesty of his encounter with the
"little men", because everyone in the town remembered how when a
gang of toughs arrived in town to start a fight, Manolo Javela had
faced them all alone and run them off. Javela is a brave character
who isn't afraid to take on delinquents by himself...but the
creatures who descended from above that night managed to shatter
his resolve, turning him into the umpteenth victim of terror of
the unknown. A questionnaire send by mail, fax or e-mail by the
armchair ufologists shall never manage to understand this aspect
of the UFO phenomenon.


The Questions Raised by the Phenomenon

Are UFOs alien craft wanting to show off? Not in my opinion. The
problem with applying the ETH (extraterrestrial hypothesis) to the
UFO phenomenon is that it is much too simplistic.

In fact, no serious astronomer discards the possibility of ET's in
the universe. What is untenable is that said ET life should visit
us, since it would involve a technology capable of surpassing the
speed of light, which is unimaginable according to our physics.
Let us suppose that there is a technology capable of neutralizing
the increase in ship's mass, proportional to its acceleration. Or
let's imagine that an astronaut is able to break down to the
molecular level, travel at lightspeed, and reassemble himself at
the arrival point. We can imagine a technology capable of flying
through black holes, etc.--these are all science fiction
conjectures. But let's suppose such technology really exists.
Would a civilization having such spacecraft use internal
combustion engines? Would it be ignorant about anaesthesia? Would
it not have cloaking devices? It is hard to imagine a technology
able to surpass the speed of light leaving burned grass at a
landing site, since any carbonization would we due to an internal
combustion engine...not to mention a ship that toys with black
holes needing hydraulic landing gear with "legs". It is
paradoxical that these prodigious machines should appear on radar
screens, when we earthlings have had "invisible aircraft" since
the 1940's. It is galling that during a UFO abduction or act of
aggression a witness should undergo traumatic "tortures", when our
own hospitals have techniques to avoid pain, or to even erase any
memory of said operations.

The conclusion is evident: if UFOs were alien, they should be much
more than vehicles, and if they are vehicles, then they are not
alien. Unless, of course, all the "evidence" of the phenomenon
(landing marks, burned grass, radar detection, scars on witnesses)
are a "means of expression" for the phenomenon, just as the
witness might imagine a "spaceship" to look and behave. In this
order of affairs, either everything is due to a strange physical
manifestation of the witnesses' beliefs and prejudices--according
to his cultural background--or what is more disquieting, a real
phenomenon alien to the protagonist him/herself which uses the
archetypes of Western technological civilization to make itself
visible "in the likeness" of what the witness would believe if
faced with an alien craft.

Ultimately, to continue arguing about the extraterrestrial or non-
extraterrestrial provenance of UFOs strikes me as absurd. As our
physics indicates, it is absolutely ridiculous to believe in
physical and solid craft like the ones that appear on radar
screens or leave the imprints of their "legs" on the grass they
burn upon landing. We must go beyond the outward appearance of the
phenomenon and venture into its true nature, which will more than
likely have nothing to do with metallic "flying saucers" filled
with small, bigheaded EBEs...


Separated by distances that span both the wide Atlantic and
continental landmasses, it isn't often that INEXPLICATA's
contributors get to exchange views with each other or with our
readers. Here's what some of our contributing editors and
writers had to say in response to our questions. Participating
in this interview are Contributing Editor Lucy Guzman (LG) from
Puerto Rico; Contributing Editor Manuel Carballal (MC) from
Spain; researcher Andrea Pérez Simondini (APS) from Argentina,
"Desclasificado" editor Javier Garcia Blanco (JGB) from Spain;
Luis Eduardo Pacheco, editor of "Informe Alfa" (LEP) from
Argentina; Inexplicata Contributing Editor Willie Durand Urbina
(WDU) from Puerto Rico and Josep Guijarro (JB), editor of
"Karma-7" magazine.

Voices of the Millennium: The INEXPLICATA Interview
(Questions posed by J.C. Mallory)
Q:    Can you recall when you first became interested in paranormal
      phenomena? For example, was there any reading or image that
      acted as a "trigger" of sorts? Do you think young people
      should become interested in these matters?
LG:   As a child, I became aware of the paranormal (I was some 8 to
      10 years old) when I noticed that if I wished someone harm,
      within 24 hours, something would happen to that person. When
      I realized what my mind was able to do, I begged God for
      forgiveness and swore that I'd never wish anyone harm again.
      I later noticed that things I told my friends would turn out
      to be true. I later began having experiences which I termed
      "ghostly", and which due to ignorance and lack of knowledge
      would terrify me to death. As teenager I was moved to
      investigate what was happening and why they happened without
      ever finding an answer to my questions. It wasn't until 1972,
      when I had a missing time experience (2 hours) and months
      later, after seeing a UFO, I truly felt the urge to find a
      response to the phenomena I was encountering. That's when I
      began to read, research and I continue doing it. I think
     there's no end to it. Regarding my opinion as to whether
     young people should be interested in these matters, I will
     answer that today it appears to be something innate in them,
     since they are not only interested in it, but find it
     commonplace. I see no reason why they shouldn't be interested
     and want to study them, but it depends on their age at the
     time that this interest is spurred. They should be guided by
     an adult, preferably by their parents.
MC: I don't recall the precise moment, although I do remember
     wolfing down novels on vampires, extraterrestrials and
     strange beings at ages 12 and 13. I also recall that the
     first "occult" book I read was Formulario de Alta Magia by
     P.V. Piov --I must have been 14 at the time--but I had been
     interested in the supernatural and miraculous much earlier.
     Perhaps that's why I leaned toward the priesthood and studied
     theology. I now consider myself an agnostic, but I don't
     reject my theological background, which has helped me to
     understand the realm of belief with greater tolerance. I
     think it's wonderful that the young should feel restless and
     rebellious toward orthodox dogma. It is thanks to these
     rebels against orthodoxy that science has progressed, but I
     believe that the paranormal realm holds too many hazards for
     immature minds--regardless of age--and I know of too many
     suicides and crimes due to occult beliefs.
APS: I recall that I started taking an interest in paranormal
     phenomena when I was small. I would have been 11 years old.
     One day, while home alone with my two younger brothers, I
     went to the kitchen to get a glass of water and heard a noise
     on the kitchen table. It was a crucifix that my mother had
     hanging on the wall above the table. The situation wasn't
     unusual until the moment we noticed the nail from which the
     crucifix was hanging was in its place; in other words, it
     hadn't broken or fallen out. The question my brother and I
     asked ourselves was that the only way that the crucifix could
     have come off was if it had been removed. And I can attest to
     the fact that this could not be, since only my brothers and I
     were home that time. It was always a source of mystery to me.
     That was my "trigger" experience. I find it positive that the
     young should become interested, since these mysteries are
     there for all generations to look into, and the young perhaps
     retain that modicum of objectivity that one may lose as one
     gets older.
JGB: I don't remember the exact moment that anomalous phenomena
     drew my attention, but I can tell you that I was still a
     child. Here in Spain a there was a program directed and
     hosted by Dr. Fernando Jiménez del Oso which dealt with these
     subjects. From there, I went on to read and collect all
     material that fell into my hands. I think its fantastic that
     young people should become interested in these matters. The
     future of ufology and parapsychology is in their hands.
LEP: I was interested in anything having to do with space since
     childhood, and of course, it was a matter of time before I
     asked my father what a "flying saucer" was. I must have been
     7 years old and had heard the term on a TV show in my native
     Uruguay. It was around 1978 when I got closest to the
     subject. During that year there was a massive UFO flap in
     Argentina, to which my parents had emigrated in 1975.
     Sightings were being reported on a daily basis in the mass
     media, press, etc. That era has a certain "magic" for me,
     since we appeared to be living alongside the UFO phenomenon
     at every second. I'll never forget it, despite not having had
     any direct experiences.
WDU: I was a few hours away from undergoing surgery for a brain
     tumor which was causing me constant headache. In those
     anguished moments I was visited by a "spirit guide" who
     engaged me in a dialog regarding the operation. It told me to
     pray to heal myself from this condition. During prayer, I
     underwent a paranormal experience within myself--I felt that
     something broke away from my body and my temperature was
     raised above 40 degrees. I managed to see myself free of the
     condition, although I was completely drained of energy. A CAT
     scan would later show that there was no trace of the tumor.
     Following this experience I had two experiences with UFOs.
     I think its very healthy for the young to become interested
     in the paranormal, since during the course of their lives
     they may encounter certain events or experiences they will
     not be able to explain. They will require an understanding as
     to how these phenomena appear, and the best way of doing so
     is through reading and analyzing the nature of the universe
     and all that is in it.
JG: The fact is that my connection with strange phenomena was
     insidious, progressive and surprising. I say "surprising"
     because there isn't a family background of unusual phenomena.
     It was a neighbor who lent me the first books on the subject:
     "Not of this Earth" by Peter Kolosimo and "Without a Trace"
     by Charles Berlitz. In fact, the Bermuda Triangle was one of
     my favorite subjects for years until I discovered the
     critical versions and wisened up. It's important that the
     young should become interested in these subjects--youth wants
     to change the world, the established order, curiosity
     overcomes all obstacles and heeding some strange impulse,
     youth is able to leave no stone unturned to learn the truth.
Q:    Can we speak in terms of a predominant personality type among
      investigators and researchers, or are we pretty much a "mixed
      bag"?
LG:   The only similarity I've noticed is the attempt to find an
      answer to these phenomena. Beyond that, I haven't noticed any
      common patterns.
MC:   I think that active minds and non-conformists are drawn to
      the world of mystery, but others, such as mediocre or
      ambitious individuals are attracted by it, as are mere
      swindlers,   who find the paranormal as an easy means of
      sating their egos or pockets. On the other hand, before
      defining a profile for "investigators" we should perhaps
      define the term used so flexibly by all manner of individuals
      involved with the field: Philip Klass, Giorgio Bongiovani,
      Hilary Evans and Salvador Freixedo, and even myself (and I
     know all of these friends and enemies personally) call
     ourselves "investigators", and I thin that the opinions, work
     methods and even human qualities of each have very little in
     common. That's why I'll return the question to you, Scott:
     what the hell do you call an investigator?
APS: As with all activities, I think that there are always
     dominant personalities and others that are less so. I think
     it's a matter of the interactions that one may develop within
     a given group, in this case, the paranormal realm. One will
     be the leader, another will be passive, another will go
     against the system...in short, different responses in action.
JGB: Well, maybe we're all a little nuts (laughs). But from the
     researchers that I know, I can say that what we share in
     common is that we carry this matter deep within us. It
     consumes all of our time and effort, and we greatly enjoy
     what we do.
LEP: I think that were a mixed group, but with the passing of
     time, become polarized or aligned with a more or less clearly
     defined pattern which marks the three predominant trends in
     the field: the "believer", the one who "steps back and
     analyzes", and the "skeptic."
WDU: There are many paranormal researchers who concentrate on a
     single aspect of the wide world of the paranormal. Some of
     them specialize in communication with extra-dimensional
     entities, while others choose to decipher the future. But I
     believe that the most important thing is to somehow harmonize
     with the energies emanating from the universe.
JG: I'd say we're a coloful lot. I'm not aware of a more varied
     and ornery "fauna" that those who are attracted to UFO and
     paranormal research. This is made even more serious by the
     fact that these subjects are employed to preach peace, love
     and brotherhood...It's also true of the field that friends
     are truer FRIENDS than in any other.
Q:   Could you share with us the names of the researchers who have
     inspired you? Do you consider yourself as part of a give
     school of thought?
LG: No researcher has served as an inspiration to me, nor do I
     agree 100% with any of them. Not even with myself. I don't
     belong to any "school" of thought...I'm a free thinker.
MC: I always recommend reading a book by Freixedo and another by
     [South American contactee] Sixto Paz; hearing a presentation
     by Ballester Olmos and another by J.J. Benitez; reading a
     report written by CSICOP and another by SPR, because only b
     knowing these juxtaposed points of view can we be free to
     make informed choices. I admit that I feel a special fondness
     for the work of John Keel, Jacques Vallée or Hilary Evans,
     but   I   also   admire   Freixedo's   boldness,    Siragusa's
     irreverence, Randi's cynicism, Benítez's romanticism, W.
     Smith's methodology, Von Kevicksky's experience, Hynek's
     education and above all, Andreas Faber Kaiser's honesty. I
     don't share any of their opinions fully, but I feel that
     whether actively or passively, they all have a contribution
     to make to our knowledge of the paranormal. If there's any
     school of thought that can collect them all, that would be my
     school.
APS: I can't answer this question accurately, because I think it
     wouldn't be fair toward many people. But I'll give you an
     approximation. I feel respect for researchers like Jorge
     Anfruns Dumon, Antonio Huneeus, Stanton Friedman, Adhemar
     Gevaerd, my friend Rodrigo Fuenzalida, for all researchers in
     Chile, for my friends Carlos Iurchuk, Alex Chionnetti, and
     Oscar Mendoza, for the people conducting research in the
     Province of La Pampa, where my friend Mario Quique is making
     great efforts, for Claudeir Covo...I don't know, the list
     feels infinite. On the other hand, I can tell you that my
     greatest inspiration is my mother, Silvia Pérez Simondini,
     because she taught me that one should never give in and this
     belief, applied to the UFO phenomenon, I feel will allow us
     to earn a small space in the immense UFO community. My school
     of thought is, as I tend to call it emotionally, rationalism.
     I think that he or she who researches phenomena that aren't
     covered by science must have the disposition of the true
     scientist, which is, that a hypothesis ceases to be one when
     the facts give you elements to approve it or reject it. My
     best base are the laws that science set forth by convention
     but not by demonstration.
JGB: Well...I've always said that J.J. Benítez is to blame for my
     being mixed up in the world of UFO research...or rather, his
     books are. The minute one of his books fell into my hands, I
     wolfed them down one after another. In spite of this, I don't
     share all of his hypotheses. I currently think my line of
     thought is closer to that of Jacques Vallée and his
     interdimensional hypothesis. The books of John Keel also
     influenced my perceptions on the UFO phenomenon. I don't like
     boxing myself into a given "school of thought", but given my
     country's ufological situation, perhaps I should be counted
     among those who believe in the non-human origin of ufology.
LEP: I've grown up, ufologically speaking, with the "greats" of
     the field--from Keyhoe and Benítez to Hynek-- and in my
     country for a while I had deep respect for the pioneering
     work done by Fabio Zerpa and his "Cuarta Dimensión" magazine.
     I say this with a certain amount of sadness, since it has
     reincarnated into a publication called "Punto Azul" which
     along with its editor, are a pale shadow of what they once
     meant for national ufology. Through the pages of that
     magazine I was exposed to the writings of Alejandro Vignati;
     the unforgettable columns of Norberto Comte and his
     "Anthology of the Fantastic"; and it gave me the opportunity
     to meet an exceptional human being: Dr. Candido Victor del
     Prado--biologist, author, esotericist--and an all-out "rebel"
     whose attitude taught me the value of reason in the world of
     the paranormal.
WDU: The researcher who has influenced me the most, and has taught
     me to have a wider perspective on paranormal phenomena has
     been Jacques Vallée. I believe that he remains the one who
     has created the proper guidelines to follow in dealing with
     paranormal phenomena. Many researchers have considered his
     theories when conducting their own investigations.
JG:   Well, it all depends on the time frame...at first it was
      Antonio RIbera, who is a great teacher and whose books
      constitute a Bible for anyone wishing to delve into ufology.
      Some have thought that I may be his heir (I imagine that's
      because, like he, I've taken a great interest in abduction
      phenomena), but I don't feel this to be the case, since there
      are many nuances which make us different. I'm an avowed
      follower of Jacques Vallée, whose way of viewing ufology is
      revlolutionary and in step with science rather than
      mysticism. I've also felt influenced by the adventures of
      J.J. Benítez--and who hasn't? . Combine these three
      researchers and you get Josep Guijarro.
Q:   If you had to take three books on the paranormal with you to
     a desert island, which would these be, and why?
LG: I really don't have a favorite author. Perhaps [a book] by
     Laura   Tuan   and  others   of   subjects   like   telepathy,
     precognitions, premonitions, oneiromancy and UFO/ET subjects.
MC: The Bible, because while I don't consider myself christian,
     nor devout, my deepest unconscious is the offspring of a
     given age and culture, and no other field has promoted the
     paranormal more than religion has. The other two would be
     some of my own books, since I've always tried to gather the
     best of other authors and if possible, to enrich their
     findings with my own contributions. Besides, logically, I
     think no one can be closer to what is subjectively true than
     myself. If I thought otherwise, I'd be either a cultist or an
     imbecile.
APS: 1) The Bermuda Triangle (for sure); 2) Florencio Balsda's La
     Raza Roja (an early 20th century Argentinean researcher; 3) a
     book on Spontaneous Combustion.
JGB: Juan José Benítez's La Quinta Columna, which is in my opinion
     one of the best field research books on encounters with
     humanoids; Vallée's Passport to Magonia, since the hypotheses
     stated in this book changed (or expanded) my view of the UFO
     phenomenon; Salvador Freixedo's La Granja Humana. In my
     opinion, and while I don't share all of Salvador's ideas,
     this book portrays a disquieting aspect of the UFO
     phenomenon: are we being manipulated at will by the
     intelligence(s) behind the phenomenon?
LEP: I'd sooner have a good survival manual! (laughs). But if I
     had to choose, I'd certainly lean toward one of Vallée's
     "classic" works, or Antonio Ribera, or the early days of Juan
     José Benítez (before the Caballo de Troya books were
     released). These were authors who, with the passing of time
     since I first read them, have acquired their true stature.
WDU: If I were to find myself alone on a desert island, my three
     favorite books would be the following in order of importance:
     Apparitions by G.N.M. Tyrell; Close Encounters of the Fourth
     Kind by C.D.B. Bryan; and Electric UFOs by Albert Budden.
JG: Confrontations by Jacques Vallée; Light Years by Gary Kinder,
     and my book Infiltrados. The first because it is a primer for
     anyone who conceives ufology as a scientific discipline
     detached from superstition. The second because it is a
     magnificent investigative work on one of the most important
     events in the contactee phenomenon and does objectivity
     justice. And ultimately, rooting for the home team, I'd
     include my book Infiltrados among them because its pages
     feature wonderful years of memories and experiences that I
     would always want to remember on a desert island.
Q:   In regard to the UFO phenomenon, do you think there are
     marked differences between the cases you've investigated in
     your country and the ones in the U.S.A.?
LG: Yes and no. Yes, because many of the cases which have
     occurred here have also taken place in the U.S. or elsewhere
     in the world. No, because despite [Puerto Rico's] small size-
     -it's maximum length is of 111 miles by 39 miles wide--and
     such a high population density-- 3,522,037 inhabitants
     according to the 1990 census-- not only have large numbers of
     sightings and encounters with alien races been reported, we
     also have an infinity of "alleged" UFO contactees. If we
     compare the island's population to its size, I could say that
     we are perhaps [one of the places] with the highest
     percentage of UFO sightings and "contactees".
MC: Absolutely. The cases are very similar, as are the cases I
     have been able to research in Africa and Asia, aside from a
     good part of Latin America. Only the witness and the
     researcher change. The witness subjects his/her experience to
     a perceptive selection process according to his or her
     cultural education, belief system and even language. The
     researcher, on the other hand, usually belongs to a given
     school and has widely diverging techniques and research
     methods. We can't compare a French ufologist from the Psycho-
     Social school with an American conspiracy theorist, or an
     expert in African tribal legend. All three experts would
     focus the same UFO event from different perspectives, and I
     therefore suppose that their conclusions for one given case
     would be very different.
APS: There are no marked differences as regards the phenomenology,
     but there are massive differences regarding the case
     histories. I think that there's a great consumerism in your
     country as far as UFOs are concerned, which fortunately has
     not occurred in Argentina as of yet. This allows us
     researchers to have a greater degree of truthfulness in
     witness experiences and in the specialist's opinions. For
     example, when we collect evidence from an alleged UFO landing
     and take it to a university to be studied, no researcher in
     said academic environment ventures an opinion regarding an
     alleged UFO event. I think this might make any scientific
     verdict all the more conclusive.
JGB: Personally, I've tried to concentrate on close encounter
     cases in Spain. At first blush, the phenomenon behaves in a
     similar way all over the globe. Perhaps the greatest
     difference between the U.S. and Spanish cases is the way that
     certain cases in the U.S. are treated by some researchers.
     Perhaps there's an excess of sensationalism in certain
     events.
LG:  As I've always said, I'm not a researcher. I'm an enthusiast
     for the subject with a grain of sand to contribute to it.
     From that perspective and analyzing the Argentinean cases,
     recent years have shown a tendency toward incorporating
     "elements" and "patterns" which were uncharacteristic of
     these lands. It would seem that, on the one hand, the
     globalization of the culture and the popularization of the
     subject in the media have brought along a baggage of things
     that have served to modify popular perception on the
     phenomenon, "modelling" a uniform pattern in the popular
     unconscious. I think that this is one of the most interesting
     aspects of modern ufology as a mass sociological phenomenon.
     A brief analysis would be impossible.
WDU: The differences between Puerto Rico and the U.S.A. as regards
     UFO activity are clearly marked. Number one is that the
     military government of the United States is much more
     involved in many of the events which have occurred in Puerto
     Rico. There is currently a UFO flowchart here in Puerto Rico
     involving over 15 Federal agencies, and these are mentioned
     when an sighting takes place on the island.
JG: The differences are remarkaable. Basically because the UFO
     phenomenon isn't a terrific business for anyone here in
     Spain, while the contrary occurs in the United States. It's
     harder to study ufology here due to the lack of resources,
     but it's also easier to remain independent.
Q:   In your opinion, are there typical traits common to UFO
     witnesses or abductees worldwide? Could we speak in terms of
     a "regional mindset" among witnesses stemming from language,
     culture, etc.?
LG: Globally speaking, there are several characteristic traits
     among witnesses, abductees and contactees. They come in all
     types...regarding their mindset and mental level, these
     factors do play a part, since they witness the phenomenon
     differently.
MC: At one time I published a study on 100 abduction cases, and
     I've only been able to follow a dozen or so of them over the
     years. I still wouldn't venture an opinion on the abduction
     phenomenon, but as with all of the UFO phenomenon, I think
     that traditional ufology's focus hinges on an flawed premise.
APS: We've asked ourselves that question thousands of times. I
     think that if a cultural pattern does indeed exist, then it
     is a global one and therefore, no regional patterns can be
     found. I think this is one of the great mysteries to be
     unveiled.
JGB: A country's culture and customs weigh heavily on the way in
     which a possible sighting or UFO encounter is retold.
     However, all witnesses appear to describe similar creatures
     and artifacts. On the other hand, the witnesses belong to all
     types of social, economic and cultural strata. The UFO
     phenomenon doesn't discriminate among its witnesses.
LEP: As I said my preceding reply, an "archetype" has been created
     in recent years about the UFO phenomenon, which all cultures
     and countries are gradually assimilating. The subject of
     abductions is clearly the most visible exponent. A few years
     ago, the abduction of humans by ufonauts with seemingly
     physical experimentation purposes took place on a wholly
     "physical" level. The victim was usually in a lonely place
     where he/she was often forcibly taken into a UFO and examined
     (Villas-Boas, Betty Hill, Franzetta, etc.). A particular
     detail is the diversity of humanoid phenotypes involved in
     these experiences. The exact opposite occurs today, where the
     abduction phenomenon acquires a more dreamlike than physical
     nature, and most cases involve a single type of being, thus
     giving us an entirely new generation of ufonauts born in the
     shadow of Eighties conspiracy thinking, which modified the
     "shell" or external aspect of ufology. Thus, today we are
     abducted by "Greys", "Reptoids", "Rigelians", etc. as opposed
     to beings with a more "astronautical" and this friendly
     appearance. I believe that the influence of this subculture
     in regard to the creation of new ufological images and icons
     that are subsequently assimilated by potential witnesses is
     clearly evident.
WDU: I've met persons that have had UFO experiences and who never
     cultivated or mentally formulated a desire to have such an
     experience. I don't believe that their intellectual formation
     or their religion played a role in this. Specifically, they
     were simply in the right place at the right time to undergo
     the experience. Other persons have had encounters with these
     objects and appear predisposed to have all kinds of
     paranormal experiences, since they come from families in
     which spiritualism in practiced. Furthermore, many of them
     live in areas rich with folkloric traditions and abnormal
     events.
JG: Naturally. UFOs are a universal phenomenon, regardless of the
     existence of ufologists who collect UFO cases or witnesses
     willing to describe their experiences.
Q:   As you know, ufology in the U.S. is divided between believers
     in the ET hypothesis and believers in more rational
     explanations. Do you get such marked divisions in your
     country?
LG: Yes, there is a difference, but not as marked as in the U.S..
     I wouldn't characterize Puerto Rican ufologists as "believers
     in a hypothesis" but rather searchers of a serious,
     scientific and objective answer.
MC: Absolutely. [the divisions] are ferocious and border on
     irrational hatred. In my humble opinion, these ego-wars
     constitute a universal malaise in ufology.
APS: Yes, definitely. But I'll also add that there's a third line
     of belief, which is the one that I subscribe to: the rational
     posture within the extraterrestrial hypothesis. A good
     position to be in, I think.
JGB: We could say so...although in Spain, the defenders of the
     non-human origin of the phenomenon could be divided in turn
     into those who believe that it has an ET source and those who
     lean toward a multidimensional hypothesis or others. In this
     regard, the Spanish landscape is somewhat peculiar. The
     existence of denial groups such as ARP or "rational"
     ufologists such as those belonging to Fundación Anomalía have
     created a peculiar division. Simply stated, we could say that
     researchers have divided themselves among those who believe
     in an anomalous origin and the naysayers and believers in the
     psycho-social hypothesis. However, it's much more complicated
     than that.
LEP: It occurs, although timidly. As opposed to other scenarios,
     belief in the ETH is predominant in Argentina. New voices
     have emerged lately in the ufological community which tend to
     modify said approach and draw attention to other alternative
     origins, but the influence of the extraterrestrial scenario
     as a possible origin is still strong.
WDU: The division between the theory that postulates the
     interplanetary or interstellar origin of these creatures is
     very sharp. There are few of us who hold the belief that
     these entities are interdimensional and that the psyche plays
     a very important role in these experiences.
JG: Yes. What's more, the most radical standpoints can be found
     in Spain. You can start the spectrum with the most
     recalcitrant skeptics (debunkers) of the A.R.P. organization,
     followed by the rational ufology of the Fundación Anomalía.
     The midpoint would be occupied by the Third Generation
     ufologists (Sierra, Carballal, Cardeñosa and myself), and the
     "believer" end of the spectrum would include the pro-J.J.
     Benítez, [Antonio] Ribera sector. Finally, you'd have the ET
     Contact extremist groups such as Aztlan, etc. It's worth
     noting that the ufological "center" takes other hypotheses
     into    consideration--from   interdimensionalism    to    the
     psychosocial hypothesis--leading it to fan out considerably.
Q:   It's almost impossible not to bring up Roswell. What's your
     take on it?
LG: I don't doubt that it did occur, but I think there's been a
     lot of cover-ups and disinformation.
MC: Years ago, I made the decision not to voice my opinion on
     cases that I hadn't researched myself, and while I've studied
     other "UFO crash" cases in depth, and have indirect
     references to Roswell through my work on the Secret Services'
     (Spain's   CESID   in   particular)   involvement   with  the
     paranormal, I haven't formed an opinion...yet.
APS: I think that Roswell is the mystery of the century because of
     all its details. I don't think we will ever know what really
     happened and we'll never know what didn't happen. I think it
     ought to remain in an "investigative black hole", much like
     we deal with "legislative black holes" in the legislature. I
     reached this conclusion when I spoke with Stanton Friedman. I
     think the eyewitness accounts have been exhausted...
JGB: I truly believe that something important happened at Roswell.
     Did a UFO crash there? I honestly doubt it. Nevertheless, I
     think that something very special occurred there and that
     U.S. authorities have tried to conceal it. Regarding the
     controversial affair of the alien autopsy film, I'm convinced
     it's a fraud.
LEP: It's an example of how a myth can survive itself. The image
     that most readily comes to my mind when I realize that there
     are still those who believe in a non-terrestrial origin to
     this case is that of someone desperately giving CPR to a
     skeleton. I often wonder how contemporary ufology would be
     without Roswell. The amounts of time, effort and money that
     would have been saved...To me, the end of the case came about
     with the publication of Kent Jeffrey's Anatomy of a Myth.
     After reading it with an open mind, there's little that can
     be done to keep the case alive without behaving like a fool.
WDU: The Roswell case is the most sensational UFO event that has
     taken place in the U.S., but it is an event that has been
     transformed with each successive retelling over the past 40
     years and to which no one, like we researchers, attributes
     much credibility. Perhaps part of this event may be somehow
     linked to extraterrestrial evidence.
JG: All my investigations regarding this phenomenon lead me to
     believe that an incident with enormous repercussions took
     place there in 1947. I don't know if it was an
     extraterrestrial spacecraft, but it was something with
     tremendous significance for humanity's progress.
Q:   Do you think that governments are able to "keep secrets",
     regarding animal mutilations, aliens, etc.?
LG: It's been proven that they have been able to, and their
     creation of false reports has also been proven. Their reasons
     for doing so is only known to them. I cannot applaud
     disinformation; however, I can comprehend the need for a sort
     of cover up on grounds of national or global security.
MC: I consider this to be another error in focus. Governments
     don't hide anything, since at least in democratic societies,
     the change every couple of days. The keeper of the secrets
     and holders of control are the highest military echelons, and
     other types of para-governmental agencies. Information is
     power, and those who hold the information have the power.
APS: I definitely think they can't. I'm going to tell you what
     I've always told my mother. As you know, I serve in the
     Argentinean Congress as an active member of a political
     party. I play a role in the decision making process for
     substantial matters. Oftentimes, these decisions affect
     certain sectors of the population negatively or positively.
     But these decisions are implemented and the average person
     never hears of the details that led to the implementation.
     This leads me to think: I, Andrea Pérez Simondini, a minor
     player within this immense structure, am able today to do the
     things I mentioned to you earlier, I cannot imagine [that
     this would not be the case] at the very top of the system's
     pyramid. Am I making sense here?
JGB: Governments all over the world conceal information on strange
     events. However, I doubt that they're in contact with alien
     civilization or that they know the true origin of the UFO
     phenomenon. In Spain, at least, all they have is a wealth of
     reports on sightings, landings, etc..I don't think they know
     more about the phenomenon than we do. One thing's for sure:
     they hide information that would be of great assistance and
     interest regarding certain events.
LEP: I think they can, but not to the extent that conspiracy
     theories would have us believe. Obviously, any power
     mechanism or structure must possess means upon which to act
     to avoid a certain subject or another from becoming known.
     But said mechanisms always have an axis on which they pivot--
     a human being. And there lies the weakest link of the chain.
     There is always someone willing to talk, to retell what he or
     she knows, what they saw, etc. This does not imply believing
     in those who claim having seen something but can't prove it.
     My opinion is that I don't think there is as broad a
     conspiracy around UFOs as many believe and would like us to
     believe. The belief that we only ever see what "Big Brother"
     would like us to see is rooted in a number of things:
     First, the contradictory nature of the phenomenon itself.
     It's behavior is thoroughly irrational but still shows a
     certain logic or a vaguely "outlined" plan.
     Second, our own ignorance of the phenomenon. We know more
     about what the phenomenon ISN'T than about what it IS. This
     leads us to having fertile soil for any theory--the wilder
     the better--without any need for corroboration.
     Third, generalized and global mistrust by the governed toward
     their government, political leaders and military men.
     If we combine these three ingredients we have the basic
     recipe for any conspiracy theory. As for the alleged
     conspiracy of silence by the military toward the UFO
     phenomenon, we may have an inkling of what's going on if we
     step into the boots of anyone in uniform.
     I don't think its a matter of concealing human advances in
     extraterrestrial technology, nor dark power pacts with a
     dying alien race, nor anything similar. It has to do with the
     inability of those who control the most sophisticated
     technological means on the planet to admit the existence of
     "something" about whose origin they haven't the least idea,
     much less its intentions. To say: "We haven't a clue as to
     what   it   is,"   is   tantamount   to   saying:   "We   are
     defenseless...", which is inconceivable to their rigid and
     omnipotent mental framework.
WDU: Puerto Rico is, today, the most active site for UFO activity
     in the entire world, and the place in which the most animal
     mutilations have occurred. The government is involved in a
     struggle against a growing number of events in which no
     scientific explanations can be found for animal mutilation.
     UFO researchers are responsible for educating the public on
     the phenomenon, which has astonished and disturbed the Puerto
     Rican people. The government has exposed itself to ridicule
     by trying to find rational explanations for the situation,
     but when witnesses to these events explain that they have
     seen military personnel at the site in which military
     helicopters were seen a day earlier, many people are now able
     to forecast when cattle mutilations are about to occur at the
     site. We believe that the government is concealing something,
     or that it plays an active role in the events.
JG:   I haven't the least doubt. Mi personal research confirms (at
      the level of Spain) what most ufologists worldwide have
      maintained.
Q:   In the U.S., we can safely say that abductions represent
     ufology's greatest concern. Do researchers in your country
     hold this opinion?
LG: I think there's a concern in my country over abductions, but
     there is greater concern over their ultimate causes and
     effects.
MC: In Spain, the fact that we've become the second country in
     the   world   (after  the   U.S.)   to   have   authorized  a
     declassification (albeit a questionable one) of a portion of
     the Ministry of Defense's UFO files, has displaced all
     ufological attention in that direction, eclipsing all other
     facets of the phenomenon.
APS: I think we're not as wrapped up in the abduction topic
     because we don't have cases in the same amount and
     forcefulness. Our emphasis is on videos and photo evidence.
JGB: Abduction research gained importance here in Spain some years
     ago. Certain researchers like Josep Guijarro and Javier
     Sierra concentrated on this subject for a while. However,
     Spanish researchers have concentrated on all aspects of the
     phenomenon. Perhaps over the past years (due to international
     ufology's interest) the subject of abductions is closer than
     ever, but the other aspects of the UFO phenomenon have never
     been neglected.
LEP: No. Or at least not until a short time ago. Obviously, the
     media's influence has caused the subject of abductions to
     become fashionable and set trends, but I think that
     abductions have been secondary in Argentinean ufological
     history.
WDU: Puerto Rico has experienced dramatic events involving
     abductions. Six year-old children tell us about what they
     have undergone in their experiences with strange entities;
     people who remained quiet for years now discuss their
     abduction experiences. We believe that after the cattle
     mutilations phenomenon, abductions occupy the next most
     prominent place, since there is so much to be investigated:
     the site where the witness lives, his or her family history,
     hypnotic regressions, etc. these factors alone lead us to
     give it importance due to the level of high strangeness.
JG: Yes, for a period of time. However, I've changed my mind
     about it, given that the massive broadcasting of abduction
     cases has managed to taint the seriousness of ufological
     research, and its enormous impact remains a blow against it.
     Might we dealing here with a weapon created by certain
     interests to discredit the UFO subject?
Q:    Would you be so bold as to tell us what's the greatest
      problem facing paranormal research at the turn of this
      century? Likewise, what changes would you like to see
      implemented by 21st century researchers?
LG:   I don't see any reason why the change of centuries should
     affect research itself. Regarding the changes I'd like to
     see, I think I'm already beginning to see them...the uniting
     of researchers on a global, non-profit basis.
MC: The researchers' education and means. We endeavor to
     revolutionize Newtonian physics and the entire scientific
     paradigm; we speculate on the existence of other intelligent,
     non-human life forms, the survival of consciousness after
     death with the mind's non-sensory capacities...and we
     investigate using a tape recorder, a photo camera and a
     notebook. Until the universities and scientific hierarchies
     commit themselves, we will be fighting the Goliath of mystery
     using David's paltry slingshot.
APS: I think the greatest problem has to be lack of training among
     researchers and the final acceptance of a method [of
     research]. We aren't giving playing the scientists' game by
     developing investigative techniques. This will make us seem
     more credible to our own selves. In order to convince others,
     we will have to convince ourselves first.
JGB: The greatest problem would have to be "official science's"
     lack of interest in researching these phenomena. Ufology and
     parapsychology need the help of scientists in various fields.
     Perhaps, when science decides to take a serious look on these
     subjects, we'll begin to make progress in the study of both
     disciplines. Meanwhile, all of us researchers must limit
     ourselves practically to the task of popularization. In the
     21st century, researchers must be more critical, have
     scientific training and pursue field research, which is
     indispensable, in my mind.
LEP: I don't think that they are different from the problems it
     has experienced in the past 20 years. I think the Internet is
     something we'll have to pay attention to. It is an absolutely
     revolutionary means, but it is the ideal place to generate
     all manner of rumors which undermine the phenomenon's
     seriousness and the trust of those approaching the subject
     for the first time.
WDU: The world is currently facing a struggle between good and
     evil, which is manifesting itself through events that lead us
     to believe that we're facing entities that are somehow trying
     to involve themselves in the destiny of our lives. I don't
     believe they have the best intentions in mind. They disguise
     themselves as angels, small, large-headed beings, beings of
     light, and myriad other forms to penetrate our minds and
     control our actions. I would like to see paranormal
     researchers in the coming century accept the fact that there
     are new avenues of exploration, new revelations and theories,
     and that they can discard old concepts that will lead them
     nowhere.
JG: It's hard to foretell. The most immediate concern it to see
     how the phenomenon transforms itself after the sudden
     structural, social and scientific changes we are about to
     experience in the new millenium.
Q:   INEXPLICATA's readers are just dying to know if you've ever
     witnessed any paranormal event yourself, whether it be
     ghosts, strange creatures, UFOs...
LG:  Yes, some of them pleasant and other less so. But I usually
     don't mix research with my own experience. It's hard for me
     to be objective when I've had personal experiences; but when
     I set out to investigate a case, I prepare myself mentally to
     insure that my own experiences do not influence the
     investigation. I also have the help of my husband, Ing.
     Orlando Plá, who while believing in the possibility that we
     are not alone in this beautiful universe, is skeptical and
     always keeps me alert, so that I'll never cease being
     objective and looking at the UFO/ET phenomenon through a
     scientific, serious outlook.
MC: In the 15 years I've devoted to intensely studying the
     paranormal, I've had the chance to experience 3 or 4
     paranormal    experiences    (in  the   UFO,   shamanic   and
     parapsychological fields) that I haven't been able to
     explain.
APS: Yes, I have seen [such things]. My father retired from a
     multinational corporation here in Argentina called Perez
     Companc, an oil company involved in the privatization of
     energy sources. My father was in charge of developing an
     assessment of SEGBA, the former power utility. Its warehouses
     had been used during the military dictatorship as a prison
     camp, according to reports from thousands of witnesses.
     During stock rotations at the warehouses, [people] could hear
     screams and [something like] electric discharges. When my
     father told me about this, we staked out the area, and what
     we saw and experienced, to my mind, was straight out of a
     Sightings episode. We saw [something like] greenish-blue
     bolts of energy coming from the roof, followed by terrifying
     screens. It was truly hair-raising. Subsequent research with
     people who'd been kidnapped there identified the screams as
     those of a pregnant woman.
JGB: Unfortunately, I've never seen a UFO, nor have I ever
     witnessed a paranormal phenomenon. I have participated in
     several "spirit recording" sessions which have produced some
     rather interesting results, though.
LEP: None. My paranormal life has less excitement than a
     Teletubbies episode (laughs).
WDU: When I was small--10 years old at least--I was visiting some
     neighbors and people close to my family. While spending time
     together, I was asked to look out for the family's elderly
     mother as she warmed herself in the sun. While standing
     beside her and looking at the horizon, I was able to observe
     something strange      that moved like a cigar-shaped cloud
     moving at high speed. The other clouds remained still, while
     small saucers resembling "Mexican hats" moved around the
     larger one. This was an utter astonishment to me. At my age,
     I was unable to understand why they didn't look more like
     airplanes! After many years, I discussed my experiences with
     a relative, who kindly gave me a book entitled Platillos
     Voladores   de   Otros   Mundos,  which  finally   opened  my
     understanding to these matters. It was a translation of Major
     Donald E. Keyhoe's famous 1953 book (Henry Holt Eds.). I
      guard it jealously in my library!
JG:   Yes, I feel quite fortunate. I've witnessed and experienced
      healings with psychic surgeons, seen two UFOs and if that
      weren't enough, I witnessed a small being while researching a
      UFO abduction case.
Q:   In closing, do you have any thoughts you'd like to share with
     our readers?
LG: Thousands of thoughts...and many more thousands of words of
     advice...but if I could summarize them, I'd tell them to
     improve themselves spiritually, to try to become better human
     beings every day when it comes to respect and love, and to
     care for our beautiful planet and Universe.
MC: I think that in spite of all the unpleasantness involved with
     research, in spite of the enormous amount of work and money
     to be invested in each study, in spite of the fear, lack of
     understanding, rage and intolerance you must go through by
     being a scientific heretic and a religious heterodox, in
     spite of the shameless, miserable and despicable human beings
     who call themselves "researchers", "contactees", "mediums",
     "skeptics" and other epigraphs of paranormal wildlife...that
     which underlies paranormal phenomena is truly worthwhile. In
     fact, and this is only a personal opinion, but I'm unable to
     conceive of any aspect of human knowledge that is more
     important, transcendent or fascinating than researching
     anomalous phenomena.
APS: Yes, I'd like to share with you what I tell my friends and
     colleagues. There is nothing more inspiring that to find an
     answer to something that has no answers. One day, someone
     will think, "I searched all my life for something that would
     prove my faith, and now I feel that I've found it."
JGB: I would only ask them to never lose their interest in
     mysteries, and a word of advice: learn to differentiate
     between reliable information and that which tends toward
     sensationalism.
LEP: Only to remind them that as occurs with television, the
     viewers are ultimately the ones in charge. Therefore, if
     people who are interested in this subject demand greater
     seriousness in the treatment of the subject and stop paying
     attention    to  the   science-fiction   rigmarole   of   the
     "pseudoresearchers" or "mediumistic ufologists", we'll sooner
     or later achieve a worthier condition for the subject that
     interests us so much.
WDU: To quote from Arthur C. Clarke's Voices in the Sky: "The
     stars speak to each other an infinity of languages...someday
     we may join that cosmic conversation.
JG: I would only ask them to research and thoroughly compare
     their information. The Internet has often proven itself to be
     an effective means of communication, but it's also a double-
     edged blade where half-truths and rumors circulate. It is
     high time to remind ourselves of William Moore's dictum about
     every time that someone repeats unverified information they
     are in fact contributing to the disinformation process.
Q:    Thanks for participating in our interview!
LG:   The pleasure is all mine. Thanks for the invitation.
MC:   Thank you, and I hope my answers didn't put you to sleep!
JG:   On the contrary, it's been a pleasure.


Experimental Ufology: An Optimistic Trail to Blaze
by Andrea Pérez Simondini

Numerous theories have been promoted throughout the world by the
most famous researchers in their efforts to find a conclusive
answer to the "UFO phenomenon". Essays are seldom accompanied of
investigative research that substantiates these theories, and it
is for this very reason that UFO investigators are castigated
almost daily by members of the scientific community.

A group of Argentinean ufologists have begun pursuing a different
path, believing that they have an "important ceiling" as a result
of the absence of technological and financial resources, but
basically due to the lack of knowledge that they must face in
every investigation.

Science has the elements and knowledge necessary to generate the
conditions that bring us close to an answer, if not to find
conclusive answers about the nature of the UFO phenomenon. Belief
that the phenomenon is real and does exist, in the words of
nuclear physicist Stanton Friedman, led a scientific commission in
December 1997 to conclude that there was a indeed a possibility of
studying the phenomenon and moreover, that commissions of the
world's air forces were concerned about finding an explanation to
this   enigma.  Mind   you,   at   no  time   are   we  discussing
extraterrestrials, infraterrestrials, or dimensional phenomena. We
are talking about reality.

Argentinean researcher Silvia Pérez Simondini is working earnestly
on technology integration based on experimental ufology. Silvia
has designed equipment able to detect field variations (magnetic,
thermal, frequencies, etc.) in order to produce a topographic
survey in one of the areas with the highest concentration of UFO
sightings in the Republic of Argentina: Victoria, province of
Entre Rios. The parameters obtained are analyzed in detail to
create a series of statistics which will ultimately enable us to
make the first conclusions in these fields.

This project was first implemented in the city of Victoria on the
12th and 13th of March, 1999. A number of researchers took part in
this symposium: Pablo Warncroukt, Carlos Iurchuk, the Visión OVNI
Group, Nestor Gaioli, Pablo Pouchet, Christian Pérez Simondini,
Raul Benítez and Andrea Pérez Simondini. Given that this was the
initial test, many aspects must still be perfected, since the
basic measurements were not taken into consideration.

It is worth noting that on the night of March 12, the experiment
undertaken on the summit of Cerro La Matanza twice recorded
significant alterations of the magnetic field. On the 13th,
experiments took place in a field near Victoria which brought
about constant activations of the equipment.

There is still much to be done. It is imperative to incorporate
new equipment that will establish measurements from other fields
so that as this research is being undertaken, we may annotate the
normal conditions of the terrain and the sites where they are
made. These studies shall continue to take place, and surely
followers     of     the    El     Dragón     Invisible     website
(www.geocities.com/area51/3184)
will find out with due notice in order to take part in them.

It is also worth noting that we have manage to gain the support of
the Paraná Air Base in the form of technical assistance (radar
readings) and computer services. This enables us to quickly
determine the nature of heavenly objects and artifacts of a
terrestrial provenance. We have also enlisted the services of
Prof. Massimo Teodorani, who places his skills at the disposal of
this humble research team.

I will take advantage of this opportunity to encourage all
specialists and technicians who may provide data, information and
suggestions regarding this research work to please contact us at
the address which appears at the foot of this page.

Information on Iridium Satellites

Over the past five years, the development of satellite technology
has unleashed a significant communications war, not only based on
the   financial   investment  involved,   but   the   technological
developments involved in providing better service to the consumer.

The ideal cellular phone is the one that seeks to keep a customer
in touch in and with any part of the world, and without any
interference or interruptions. This seemed like a pipe dream up
until only a few years ago, but it is part of today's reality.
Even if the system does not operate as advertised, it nonetheless
exists and has produced improvements in satellite technology. This
is what I would like to elaborate upon. UFO researchers now find
ourselves faced with a new type of satellite --Iridium--which
moves through space with completely different characteristics.
During the month of January [1999] there were sightings in the
communities of Victoria and Diamante, in the Entre Ríos province;
Pueblo Esther, Santa Fé, and Rosario in the Santa Fé province;
Santiago del Estero, Mendoza, Neuquén, Chubut and Misiones--and we
also have records for countries such as Uruguay, Brazil, Chile,
Mexico and Costa Rica--of a series of objects appearing at well-
defined times: ten minute sequences with an approximate duration
of between ten and fifteen seconds.

Reports on the foregoing sightings started on Saturday, December
5th at 23:03 Hrs. with the presence of a light that grew to a size
comparable to that of the full moon and with a powerful light. The
powerful light faded gradually as it diminished in intensity. The
direction of observation was toward the NW.

Successive manifestations followed the same direction, with less
luminous intensity and less time in the following hourly sequence:
23:13/23:23/23:33, gaining three minutes over the course of the
next days.

We have contacted the Air Force in an attempt to capture these
observations on radar. Radar operators have told us that the
phenomenon observed does not appear on their screens, even when
receiving notification at the same time the sighting was being
made. The important fact here is that what was being observed was
beyond radar scope, therefore implying that it was an object
beyond Earth's orbit.

We have managed to establish a comparison on the timetables for
the   sightings   from   various   locations,   achieving   a 90%
correspondence for the aforementioned details. The coincidence in
times, direction and type of sighting coincided absolutely.

The abundance of sightings led us to consider that the phenomenon
in question was terrestrial. If there is something the UFO
phenomenon does not do, is follow measurable parameters. This
rapidly led us to consider the possibility of new types of
satellites.

Our research led us to satellite manufacturers: there are two
systems, Iridium and GlobalSat. An iridium atom has 82 electrons,
which is the number of satellites operating under this technology,
which enables communication via satellite telephony form any part
of the world and to any part of the world. The cost to the end
consumer is considerable (about $3000) with a charge per minute of
$2.50. Technical details on these satellites can be found at the
corresponding websites. [Ms. Pérez reproduces a pre-existing
English paragraph from the website--Ed.]:

     The information provided herein is for the visual satellite
     observer. This information is supplied in good faith by
     amateurs engaged in an observing activity. Observations that
     certain satellites are flashing are based on orbital elements
     the observer uses to track the satellite. If the orbital
     element mistakenly identifies a satellite as to name, there
     is no way for the observer to know that he may be tracking
     the incorrect satellite. The satellite is seen as a point of
     light and no identifiable characteristics may be seen other
     than the characteristics of the light reflected from the
     satellite. Anyone choosing to act on any information posted
     on this resource would be well advised to check and double
     check the facts with the poster(s) before jumping to any
     conclusions.

     This photo was taken by Chris Dorreman on Sept. 20, 1997 at
     19:10:23 UT. It is believed to be one of the earliest
     pictures taken of an unpredicted (before any Iridium flare
     prediction programs were published) magnitude -8 (estimated)
     flare produced by Iridium 12 (NORAD 24837/COSPAR 97-030-B).
     Details: 1 minute exposure on Fujichrome 400 ASA. Zenith is
     UP with satellite moving left to right. Exposure started at
     magnitude 0. Flare was bright enough to cause a reflection on
     the right side of the frame. Stars are on the CIG-LAC-PEG
     border (northwest is up). Further details can be found in a
     SeeSat-L message by his father Bram Dorreman (this image ®:
     Chris Dorreman).


Conclusion:

It is important to bear such technical considerations in mind,
since they often lead to confusion when on-site research is
carried out, given that witnesses often tend to confuse these
satellites with anomalous observations. Even so, researchers of
the UFO phenomenon should integrate knowledge of this type of
technology to their catalogues and files.

Latin America abounds in anomalous areas like the Zone of
Silence (Mexico) and El Yunque Rainforest (Puerto Rico).
INEXPLICATA is pleased to present its readers with new one:
Mexico's Laguna de Alchichica on the outskirts of Puebla.


The Alchichica Lagoon in the State of Puebla, Mexico
by Arturo del Moral Medina, Grupo Cassiopea

Xalapa, Veracruz: January 12, 1998--Some 20 kilometers to the
south of the city of Perote, Veracruz, can be found a vast lagoon
known as Alchichica, which falls within the state boundaries of
Puebla. It is several kilometers in diameter and has an
approximate depth of 700 meters. Several researchers who have
dived into its waters have commented on the existence of certain
currents within it by means of which water enters the lagoon,
causing it to always have the same level, regardless of the
climactic changes which may take place within said location.
The lagoon presents considerable salinity due to the fact that the
large amount of Tequesquitengo rocks which are found within it.
Their dissolution brings about this reaction. The aquatic fauna is
limited to small fish resembling charalitos and the algae
surrounding the lagoon are very sparse.

Very strange things began to occur from the moment we broke camp,
such as the discharging of our videocassette recorder batteries
and those of the radio. Radio waves, moreover, appeared unable to
penetrate into the area. This could possibly be due the presence
of an electromagnetic cone created at certain times around the
lagoon, very similar to the one that takes place at the Zone of
Silence in the state of Durango. Even stranger were the thoroughly
odd sounds emanating from the interior of the lagoon during the
night, giving the impression that something was swimming in its
waters. We were also able to observe multicolored lights beneath
the surface of the lake itself.

Our investigation was motivated precisely at this site because of
the constant reports regarding the existence of certain lights and
objects that fly over the lagoon, and above all, by the strange
activity that takes place where enigmatic objects have been seen
entering and exiting the lagoon itself.


This information came from one witness in particular whom we were
able to interview. His name is Roberto Sanchez from the town of
Pueblo del Seco, state of Puebla. In this context, he explained
that during the month of march last year [1996], at around 10:00
p.m., he was waiting for the bus that would take him back to his
home town, since on this occasion he was visiting a friend who
lived in one of the dwellings close to the lagoon itself. As time
went on, Roberto was able to notice a powerful yellow sheen
issuing from the lagoon. This led him to approach the precipice
that surrounds the body of water; suddenly, a sizeable luminous
object--white in color--emerged from the lagoon, hovering for a
few seconds a handful of meters over its surface before shooting
off at a tremendous rate of speed into the clear, starry night.
This startled him to the point of wanting to break into a run, but
he managed to calm himself until his bus arrived. He added that
whenever he visits the locale, he remembers the event clearly,
which was above all striking and unforgettable.

Another witness is Carlos Arias Sánchez, a water biscuit vendor on
the road linking the cities of Perote and Puebla, who told
researchers that silvery objects, as well as red ones, have been
seen flying over the region in the late afternoon. He indicated
that at the close of a nocturnal festivity held in the town of
Guadalupe Victoria--3:00 a.m., approximately--he witnessed an
orange light moving very slowly a few meters over the water as he
returned to his home (which is also close to the lagoon). In the
blink of an eye, the object turned off its light and vanished into
the darkness of the evening.
Events such as these are widely commented by local residents,
whose accounts match the ones issued by the foregoing witnesses,
leading some to believe that these lights are the infamous UFOs,
and other to think that they are witches. Among the witnesses
there are senior citizens who added that the phenomenon increases
at night during the months of March, April and May.

Dr. Rafael A. Lara Palmeros, a famous researcher of the UFO
phenomenon and the author of many magazine articles worldwide [and
Inexplicata contributing editor!--Ed.], has led groups on camping
expeditions around the lagoon and has confirmed the fact that the
phenomenon, as presented, is real and authentic, since this
renowned investigator has managed to capture these objects on
video as the enter and depart the lagoon at high speed. The
objects are luminous and emit flashes of white and red light. Dr.
Lara concluded that the UFO and paranormal phenomena are common in
these locations and that further in-depth research is needed to
produce a clear explanation about these high-strangeness events.

Among the evidence collected by the young UFO researcher group is
the following: on skywatch nights, recordings were made of red
objects transiting over the area and in the vicinity of the lagoon
itself. Around 4:00 p.m. one afternoon, a American football-shaped
object was seen to emerge from the lagoon in a straight line until
it hovered 40 meters from the water's surface before vanishing in
the wink of an eye.

Team members remarked that they always felt "being watched" by
something during their stay in the area, and their attention was
drawn to certain very small reddish lights which appeared in the
lagoon's horizon before vanishing abruptly.

This location confirms the existence of strange bodies capable of
intelligent movements, and the lagoon is apparently the power
source the use for this purpose. The group's research has led to
the conclusion that water constitutes a vital source for these
entities, since the places boasting the largest share of sightings
are areas in which aquifers and volcanoes exist.

Upon inspecting a map of the area, it was noted that the
Alchichica lagoon is curiously aligned with archaeological sites
such as Tula, Texcoco, Tzintzuntzan, Cempoala and others. It is
likewise situated on the same axis as the Tequesquitengo Lagoon--
thus constituting a highly fertile area for sightings and
encounters with alien entities.
                        Ex Libris
     A Random Sampling of Hispanic Ufology in Print

ABDUCCION
by Antonio Ribera. Barcelona: Ediciones del Bronce, 1998. 174
pages. Paperback.

Antonio Ribera now wears the purple robes of an elder in
ufology and is without any doubt the "great old man" of
Spain's research community in this field. There can be no
denying that he was there among the notables in the first
generation of UFO investigators in the 1950's, and his
interests went far beyond the uncertain field of saucerdom.
An accomplished scuba diver and explorer, translator,
dramatist and poet, Ribera richly deserved to be awarded
Catalunya's Cross of St.Jordi in 1990 for his endeavors.

ABDUCCION, however, is a retread of his older books--landmark
works such as Secuestrados por Ovnis    and Las Maquinas del
Cosmos -- and offers little new information. However, it is
very possibly the only book by Ribera that Generation Xers
might ever get to see, and it certainly is worthwhile reading
for anyone being introduced his work. One of Ribera's main
assets is the way in which he draws the reader into the book,
creating the sensation that the book has been written
expressly for the particular reader. The feeling that the
author is sharing juicy paranormal gossip with the audience
makes all of Ribera's books a delightful experience.

Aside from offering insights on some Spanish abduction cases
which are thoroughly unknown on this side of the Atlantic
(such as the Próspera Muñoz case and the highly visual
abduction of hunter Julio F. and his dog "Mus"), Ribera
analyzes some U.S. chestnuts such as the Pat Price, Travis
Walton and Betty Hill cases, offering a refreshing new
perspective on them. U.S. ufology seldom has someone holding
up the mirror to show it its own cases, and Ribera does a
wonderful job at it.

We'd like to give it a higher ranking, but refuse to let
nostalgia and admiration get in the way of an otherwise
objective review. The good news is that Spanish books on
ufology and the paranormal can now be ordered from
<www.crisol.es> on the Internet, thus placing ABDUCCION
within everyone's reach.

INEXPLICATA gives ABDUCCION  
                       Dr. Rafael A. Lara's
                           MEXICO WATCH


[Editor's Note: Dr. Lara has very kindly allowed us to reprint the
text of his personal letter to our office. It is a vivid example
of the pitfalls of UFO research outside the U.S. and the
inescapable problem of "popular delusions and the madness of
crowds"]

I am writing to inform you about what transpired here a few months
ago.

Since April of this year (1999), persistent rumors made the rounds
regarding the fact that a worker at the IMSS (Instituto Mexicano
del Seguro Social--the hospital at which I work) had discovered a
being with uncommon characteristics. One Sunday during the month
of June, this person, whose name is Jesús Rivas, reported to said
hospital bearing with him the "entity" in question, causing an
uproar among physicians, nurses, staff, etc.. The man had brought
the alleged creature to the Emergency Room in order to have it
"examined". The commotion was such that I was called in along with
biologist Arturo del Moral, another person named Daniel Monge and
even TV Azteca to have the situation aired over television.

Fortunately, I wasn't home at the time and it wasn't until the
following day (Monday) that I received the news. Personally, I
believed absolutely nothing about what I was being told. Three
weeks went by until Don Jesús appeared with the "extraterrestrial"
in the department in which I work. We spoke for a while about how
his son had found the being in a coffee plantation not far from
his house and took it. Without any hesitation on his part, he said
it was an "extraterrestrial" and further added that the "being"
had so much energy within it that it was "able to engage in
telepathic communication...". Furthermore, strange sounds could be
heard in the house.

Upon examining it, I found myself looking at a crude foam rubber
doll, made of the same material employed in making balls, certain
types of gloves, etc.. Out of sheer courtesy I refused to tell him
that it was phoney, but I did make it clear that it was
terrestrial and manmade. In spite of this, the collective
psychosis gripped the hospital in such a way that many
"rationalist" physicians who had always held critical views of the
UFO phenomenon suddenly involved themselves in the event, claiming
that the doll moved, had a light in its chest (sic), was endowed
with an aura, and so forth.

We still don't know who "blew the whistle", as we say in Mexico,
but on the last Monday in June, National Security and Mexico's
Interpol agents descended upon the hospital, interviewing hospital
director Dr. Joel Vela Sáenz and the medical assistant director,
Dr. Rubén Torres. Finally they interviewed the chief of personnel,
Dr. Roberto Hernández. After long, gruelling interviews with these
physicians, the agents went out looking for Jesús Rivas,
apprehending him and forcibly removing him to the Centro de
Inteligencia del Estado de Veracruz (CIEV), where he was subjected
to interrogation. I reported to said center to tell them that they
were dealing with nothing more than a foam rubber doll, pure and
simple. This apparently settled the situation, but on subsequent
days, I found people with cellular phones monitoring my arrival
and departure from the hospital; my phone calls were being
intercepted and above all, correspondence was being monitored. It
was for this reason that my mail to a number of places was so
unreasonably delayed.

Subsequently [UFO TV personality] Maussán visited to Jalapa
and...headed for Mr. Rivas's house. The latter claimed that he was
offered money and the opportunity to have the entity "analyzed" to
determine its origin. The analyses took place and my original
explanation was confirmed. It was nothing more than a paltry foam
rubber doll. Even so, the public insisted on its strangeness and
that's when contradictory information appeared on the Internet.
What is most humorous about the case is that a doll having the
same exact characteristics and called "Teocelo" was found near
Jalapa, and there was the possibility that other similar ones
might appear in other places. At one point, reporters for the
Política newspaper interviewed me, elaborating on the points
discussed earlier in this letter. This led to controversy and bad
feelings among Mr. Rivas's family. The reporters still consider
this case to be "open" (open, but to what?).

In short, I am sending you some documentation on the case as well
as photos of the corpus delicti. Your comments on this are always
welcome.

[It is worth noting that Dr. Lara's correspondence is apparently
still under surveillance: his envelope arrived in the U.S. opened
with a sharp instrument on two sides and the photographs had been
removed--Ed.]


From "POLITICA", Thursday, July 8, 1999
Close Encounter of the Third Kind in Colonia Higueras
by Alberto Morales/Gisela Uscanga

An image. Its size: approximately 8 centimeters. Color: brown;
Eyes: large; Arms: long. Inert. The story told hereabouts is that
it has a wound on its skull which possibly brought about what we
Earthlings call "death".

Politica was in touch with a cybernaut yesterday who showed us a
number of graphic images. Distrustful and sullen, she didn't say
much about the origin of the photos--what we do know is that there
are two versions of how the alien was found. We are only telling
the reader what is said here without making any claims for its
authenticity. Here they are:
1)   On the side of a football field located in Colonia Higueras,
     a man who was playing ball on the site noticed something amid
     the grass when he went to collect the ball. He picked it up,
     looked at it, then threw it back. But one spectator of the
     game was well aware of his gestures and of the object he
     dropped to the ground: the problem is that when it hit the
     ground, some sparks flew off it. The spectator went straight
     to the player, demanding to know what it was. The player
     riposted that he could have it, if he wanted it. The strange
     object that drew the fan's attention proved to be a sort of
     doll, almost the size of a hand.

2)   A girl found the alien in a milpa (maize field) and took it
     to her father, who is only 17 years old. The girl's
     grandfather has been the one to face the media during this
     event.

What's being said about this creature is that it communicated
telepathically. The alien claimed to be an "android" from the
planet "Andromeda", who had come to Earth to carry out a mission
which was now over. Being the only female among the crew, her
companions decided to leave her behind...for unknown reasons. The
person who had the "android" in his possession says that whenever
he woke up, objects in the house had been inexplicably rearranged.
He claims to having neither heard nor seen anything at all.

Saucer chaser Jaime Maussán contacted the creature's keeper upon
learning of the phenomenon. He requested permission to take the
being to conduct tests, and was refused. On the other hand, a
specialist working at IMSS Clinic 11 took some photos of the
"critter" which are circulating throughout the city.

Thus, so that the story won't end too soon, it is rumored that
another unidentified being will be found in Xalapa 2000.


From "POLITICA", Tuesday, July 13, 1999
BABEL (editorial)
by Javier Hernández Alpizar

Like in a Scooby Doo episode, the skeptics arrived with a
flashlight and discovered the trick and the special effects. The
alien was just a foam rubber doll, made of the same stuff as the
balls juggled by beggar children at the intersections to make a
few coins. Once again, skeptics are the executioners of illusion.
It will be necessary to wait for a reappearance of the large
headed dwarves, fearful that other young men may discover that
synthetics and the human hand are the authors of such great
expectations as a close encounter with other intelligences.

For the moment, Enrique Yasser and José Hernandez are to be
congratulated. Their skepticism is proof that there is still
common sense and decency among the young. Aside from the natural
ambition of having a "scoop" and the urge to be in the limelight
that shadow any reporter who is proud of being one, their de-
mythifying task is plausible. To make a living off deceiving
respectable people with hoaxed videos and photos like Jaime
Maussan has done (most famous for his autopsy of the plastic
alien) is a way of being a scoundrel. The gullibility of the
masses does not justify such behavior: the masses may not believe
in politics, the government, the opposition, and they may find it
increasingly hard to believe in God, but the are eager to embrace
any astrological claptrap or alleged visionaries and prophets in
the same way that they are willing to believe in the innocence of
narcocelebrities. According to the massive UFO industry, we are
being visited by beings from all galaxies and they're all midgets:
the large-headed, large-eyed offspring of Steven Spielberg. It
would appear that we are the one's who are different, and that
they must see us as monsters. This time, the fraud was exposed,
and no dismissal will be strong enough, but not because the
respectable citizen isn't gullible: he's just anxious to be
deceived. Therefore, the manufacturers of aliens will be in
business for a long time...

                             # # # #
