{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T09:46:32Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 64552, "source_ctime_ns": 1790269707577531945, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-09.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790269707497160140, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-09.pdf", "source_sha256": "fe92ddcc135917c654f22171d2b1fb759cf84243be1e94217188f33257d12e6f"}

INEXPLICATA
                The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
                           Issue # 9
                          Fall 2001

     INEXPLICATA is the official journal of the Institute of
     Hispanic Ufology, an organization dedicated to increasing
     and promoting information and awareness on UFO and
     paranormal research in Spain, the Caribbean, Central and
     South America.
Editor
     Scott Corrales
Contributing Editors
     Manuel Carballal (Spain)
     Willie Durand Urbina (Puerto Rico)
     Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros (Mexico)
     Lucy Guzmán de Plá (Puerto Rico)

     Don't be left out of the debate! Join INEXPLICATA's on-line
     chat group at <inexplicata@egroups.com> and visit our web
     site at http://www.inexplicata.com


                      ARTICLES AND FEATURES
Europe's Inexplicable Icefalls
by Scott Corrales ............................................. 1
UFOs, Flying Saucers and Aliens
by Manuel Carballal ........................................... 8
Chupacabras Encounters Monkey-Man
by George Andrews ............................................ 10
Carlos Murciano: "Something Floats Over the World"
by Bruno Cardeñosa ........................................... 14
MEXICO WATCH:
Mexican Ufology in the Year 2001
by Dr. Rafael A. Lara ........................................ 18
EX LIBRIS:
A Random Sampling of Hispanic Ufology in Print ............... 20
            Ufology in a Holding Pattern?


It took the acerbic wit of UFO bookseller Robert Girard
(Arcturus Books) to make the point clear to everyone: RIP
Ufology, 1947-1999. Or so read the introduction to his
catalogue this month. Though this may be disquieting to
many, Mr. Girard is more than likely correct in his
assessment. If the science, field of study, endeavor,
pastime or whatever one wishes to term "ufology" has not,
in fact, bitten the dust, it has mutated into something
that its founding fathers (or earliest exponents, if you
will) would be hard pressed to recognize.

Perhaps some would rather think of ufology as being in some
sort of "holding pattern" in the wake of the Roaring
Nineties (1990s, that is) of no-holds-barred speculation,
outrageous claims, televised extravaganzas and earth-
shattering disclosures. Maybe the entire field is waiting
for a new wave of sightings to stir the non-specialized
public's interest, or for a new generation of researchers
(perhaps less interested in making personal appearances at
conventions) to take the stage. Or perhaps we really are at
the end of the line, picking up the crumbs from the great
banquet that was the 1990s.


Scott Corrales
Editor
INEXPLICATA--The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
Ice in your drink on a summer day can be refreshing--ice
crashing through the roof of an industrial warehouse in the
dead of winter is quite another thing. Last winter, Europe was
pelted by blocks of ice of unknown origin...when will the
Americas get their turn?


Europe's Inexplicable Icefalls
by Scott Corrales
     The 1930's were one of the 20th centuries most turbulent
decades--kicking off with a world in the midst of economic
depression, the sharp divide between democracy, fascism and
communism, and ending in all-out warfare. While the pages of
history are devoted to the famous--and infamous--names of that
time, there are other names which will probably pass from memory
at some point in the coming century. One of them is that of Hans
Hoerbiger, the Austrian proponent of the Wel theory--"The
Eternal Ice", a belief fostered as official by Nazi Germany.
     Much has been written about Horbiger elsewhere, but in a
nutshell, his theory postulated that our planet had endured the
acquisition and loss of a number of moons, and that each of
these periods had ended in enormous ice showers as the outer
shells of these moons plunged into the Earth's atmosphere. The
ice showers would be followed by larger meteors of ore and iron.
Hoerbiger's disciples, such as Hans Bellamy, employed this
fanciful theory as a "vindication of the cosmogonic myths in the
Book of Genesis" (which is, indeed, the subtitle of Bellamy's
own text on the subject.
     We now know that the surface of the Moon--Hoerbiger's
"planet Luna"--is not made of ice, although the exciting news
about this substance's discovery in deep polar craters recently
made the news. The urge to play devil's advocate becomes
irresistible, however, when strange chunks of ice begin
plummeting   into   our   atmosphere   and  leaving   scientists
bewildered. Could Hoerbiger have been onto something, after all?

     Ice in Spain
     In the month of January 2000, when chunks of ice--some of
them weighing more than just a few pounds--began peppering the
southern and western regions of Spain, known for their mild
weather and fine beaches, people began to wonder if something
wasn't seriously amiss. Certainly, France had experienced a
terrible winter storm the previous month, which caused untold
damage in Paris and Versailles, and north-central Spain had
undergone snow related hardships. But this was something utterly
new.
     The first few icefalls were overlooked as mere "flukes" or
curiosities: the ice blocks which fell on Soria on January 8th
and in Seville on the 10th barely made it into the news (despite
the   latter  projectile   weighing   in   at  a   healthy   1.8
kilograms).But on January 13, 2000, headlines across Spain
trumpeted the discovery of an enigmatic chunk of ice measuring
13 centimeters across and weighing over a pound. The celestial
missile's trajectory led it to punch a hole in the zinc roof of
an industrial warehouse belonging to the Viferma Corporation in
that town of L'Alcudia (Valencia). The mega-hailstone's
destructiveness would have been completely overlooked during a
hailstorm, particularly during the winter months, but the
intruder had appeared out of the clear blue Mediterranean sky.
Workers in the industrial warehouse heard an explosion at around
11:00 am, followed by a shower of zinc fragments from the roof
above. A closer inspection revealed that the icy projectile had
encrusted itself between the shattered zinc roof and an I-beam,
from where it was carefully removed and placed in a
refrigerator. Some employees expressed the belief that the
unwelcome guest could have been much larger, given the fragments
of ice visible on the floor below and scattered on the intact
part of the roof. A spokesman for the local weather bureau
(Centro Meteorologico de Valencia) ordered that the fragment be
placed in a clean container and preserved until one of their
representatives could collect it for investigation. The
explanation issued at the moment was that the "object was of
possible cometary origin".
     Within twenty-four hours, reports were being received from
the village of La Unión in Murcia, where another large ice rock
had fallen behind a local bar. The National Police dutifully
picked up the object and forwarded it for study.
     In a matter of days, the Spanish icefalls had gone from
curiosity to news item and from there to the outskirts of panic:
on January 16, 2000, the ABC newspaper reported that the eight
such chunk of cosmic ice had fallen in downtown Cádiz, striking
the ground on La Palma street at 3:30 in the afternoon--a time
and place where one or more people could have been seriously
injured or killed.
     The following day, another large chunk of ice would strike
the Valencia region, this time in the town of Albalat de la
Ribera. The object in this incident was described as having "the
size of a basketball" and to have fallen on a local road joining
the communities of Sueca and Algemesa. In this event, two
teenagers driving along the road collected the object and
preserved it until experts could come for it.The phenomenon was
by no means over. On January 17th, the media reported that two
more "frigoliths"--as they were now being called--had fallen on
Huelva and Albacete. Scientists, who had drawn battle lines
regarding their provenance of the phenomenon, were more divided
than ever and helpless.    The citizens fo the towns of Tocina
(Sevilla), L'Alcudia (Valencia), La Union (Murcia), Meliana,
Enguera (Valencia) and Xilxes (Castellon) anxiously awaited the
results for the analyses conducted on the objects fallen on
their respective communities
     On February 1, 2000, the owner of a dwelling located at #87
Bruc Street in Barcelona was startled to find a 1250 kilogram
chunk of ice on her terrace, according to sources of the Urban
Police which assumed custody of the object. The chunk of ice
remained at police headquarters in Barcelona until it was
forwarded to Madrid at noon for further study.
     Grappling with the complex matter of the ice showers fell
to the Consejo Superior de Investigaciones (CSIC), a government
agency, and one of its first assignments was to keep the
situation under control and within logical guidelines. Geologist
Jesús Martínez Frias, who was in charge of collecting most of
these ice fragments from the affected areas, stated that he was
"the
most startled one when it [came] to this type of phenomena. It's
too risky to engage in a priori evaluations, but everything
points to a cometary origin for these ice fragments." Martínez
immediately dismissed one of the prevalent theories, which
pointed to the possible origin of the ice as residue from high-
flying aircraft. "If this hypothesis is confirmed," he observed,
"it would be a worldwide scientific scoop, because there is no
evidence that other cometary remains have fallen on our planet.
In such an event, we would have to notify our findings to NASA
and to ESA (European Space Agency)."
     Not all members of Spain's scientific establishment were so
sanguine about a possible extraplanetary origin to the ice. In
fact, most adhered to the highly skeptical position best
exemplified by that of Javier Armentia, director of the Pamplona
Planetarium and a well-known UFO skeptic. "I'm convinced that
part of these phenomena are little more than pranks. In other
words,   that  following   the   falls   of   one  or  two   ice
fragments,there was a wave effect, similar to what happens with
UFOs."
     Francisco Anguita, dean of Petrology and Geochemistry at
Madrid's Unversidad Complutense, also came out in favor of a
non-extraplanetary origin for the frigoliths.


     Italian Ices
     The backdrop for the events would soon change from one
Mediterranean view to another. On January 28, another block of
ice weighing 2 kilograms in a Salesian monastery in the town of
L'Aquila, an event preceded by similar icefalls in the Campania
region
     According to the Italian NTX news agency, the magistrate's
office in the city of Ancona initiated an investigation after a
24 year old worker was injured after being hit by a block
weighing approximately 1 kilogram. Physicist Giancarlo Tebaldi
of Milan's Hygiene and Prevention Institute expressed their
belief that ice is was a result of the same storms that ravaged
France in December during one of the worst natural disasters in
that country's history. The Veneto Region Environmental Agency's
studies proved the blocks to be made of a "material similar to
distilled    water,  in   other   words,   lacking   any   salts
whatsoever,and with traces of ammonia and nitrates," and
discarded the possibility that the chunks of ice could be
radioactive.
     Ufologist Eufemio Del Buono, however, stated that the ice
"is a warning from extraterrestrial intelligences". A sorcerer
named Alex from the city of Genova, told radio stations that
these were really fireballs sent to destroy the world, but they
turned into ice balls upon making contact with the Earth's
atmosphere.
     On the other side of the world from Europe, less attention
was commanded by a shower of large blocks of ice which
completely destroyed croplands to the north of Bogotá, Colombia,
on March 17th,2000. The ice storm, complete with hurricane-
strength winds, laid waste the agricultural community of Oiba
(some 120 miles from Bogota), shearing the roofs of the
peasantry's fragile homes and killing all types of animals.
Primitivo Báez, a spokesman for the mayor's office, told
reporters for Associated Press that "the ground looked as if it
had been scorched by a huge fire." The unusual weather event,
which lasted three hours, left in its wake large blocks of ice
littered over a 200 hectare-wide area. According to Báez, the
damage to cash crops such as coffee, sugarcane and yucca was
such that farmers were forced to uproot any surviving plants and
re-plant them.
     "The event was so sudden," stated Báez in the March 19 AP
newswire, "that birds were unable to fly away from the
hurricane-strength winds and the ice. They died on the ground,
as did the chickens. Only some animals which managed to find
shelter beneath trees escaped injury."
     Colombia had experienced unusually powerful hailstorms
before, mostly attributed to the "La Niña" meteorological
phenomenon, but as in Europe, there was no explanation for the
sudden icy destruction.
     Scientists on Ice
     While scientists stared at each other like gunslingers at
sundown, the frigoliths continued to fall, this time far from
the Mediterranean "theater": residents of the Dutch cities of
Groningen, Hoogeveen, Veendam and Zoutkamp were startled to find
huge chunks of ice--of the same size and characteristics of the
Iberian and Italian ones--sitting in their back yards. A
scientist from the University of Groningen, Dr. Theo Jurriens,
investigated these occurrences and reached a preliminary verdict
of "drinking water from an unknown source."
     Spain's Instituto del Frío (Cold Research Institute) and
the National Institute of Meteorology were entrusted the task of
determining the frigoliths' provenance and nature. This
apparently straightforward assignment would soon deteriorate
into a battle of opposing factions that would end with the
firing of the director in charge of one of these agencies.
     The bureaucratic handling of the specimens was part of the
problem: time slowly passed between delivery of the objects by
the National Police      to the CSIC,      and thence to the
interdisciplinary working group led by meteorologist Luis
Muñosiguren. Efforts at shoehorning the phenomenon into a
strictly meteorological framework began from the start, even
when Muñosiguren stated that there was no evidence pointing to a
natural meteorological phenomenon at work in the creation of the
frigoliths. "We don't know of any scientific mechanism which
provides a basis for such a phenomenon." The meteorologist
pointed to the fact that the Earth's stratosphere, where the
frigoliths almost surely formed, contains very little water
vapor--the crucial element in their formation. "Normal detection
equipment does not detect water vapor concentrations in the
atmosphere, where the normal concentrations are so low as to be
nonexistent." Chemical analyses ultimately proved that the
Spanish ice bombs were made of ordinary H2O with trace minerals,
ammonia (NH4) and low levels of silica (SiO2).
     However, some things were made clear during the January
21st "summit". The experts agreed that the objects had no
connection whatsoever to high flying aircraft or liquid
discharges from airliners; they discarded the possibility of
their being aeroliths or meteorites, and agreed that whatever
they were, they were unrelated to any conventional atmospheric
processes. Scientists also confessed not knowing what manner of
air currents would allow vast quantities of ice to remain aloft,
calling attention to the 100 pound ice missile that fell in
Brazil in 1998, or the three-foot wide block of ice that
bombarded China in 1995.
     In an op-ed piece written for Spain's Karma-7 magazine,
Carlos González Cutre, a meteorologist with the Spanish Air
Force, discussed the various forces at work in the troposphere
and stratosphere, emerging at the end with a highly disturbing
conjecture: what if, suggests González, we are dealing with a
gigantic mass of ice floating in the darkness of space, shedding
chunks of material every time Earth's gravitational pull reaches
out to it with invisible fingers?
     A notion worthy of Charles Fort himself.

      Those Who Forget the Past...
      The   media    and    academe   alike  treated   the  Western
Mediterranean icefalls with the level of concern usually
reserved for completely new--and even a tad ominous--phenomena.
A world in recovery from Pre-Millennial tension perhaps deserved
better, but the fact remained that such icefalls were quite a
common occurrence, and not just in the casebooks of Charles
Fort.
      According to Fortean researcher Thanassis Vembos, a similar
phenomenon had been visited upon Greece in 1988, when an object
crashed to earth in an empty field near the town of Chalkoutsi,
30 miles north of Athens. One local resident claimed having
witnessed the descent to earth of a large dark mass "the size of
a human body" shortly before noon on January 4th. The unknown
object's impact threw up large amounts of mud into the air as a
small crater was formed. Authorities reporting to the location
would later discover a lump of ice almost a foot in diameter,
which appeared to be a perfectly normal in all respects.
Subsequent chemical analyses confirmed its normalcy, adding that
the object was made of frozen chlorinated water. Vembos, whose
report appeared in Strange (#6--1990), tied the incident in with
other unusual phenomena being experienced in the Eastern
Mediterranean     at     the    time:   mysterious   aerial   booms
("skyquakes"), earthquakes and a UFO flap. Nor was this the
first time that such events had occurred in Greece: In September
1980, a 10 pound block of ice fell on the village of Chiona in
the Peloponnese, where a similar block of ice had fallen in
1976. Cold comfort, indeed.

Contributing Editor Manuel Carballal shares his thoughts on
the extraterrestrial myth and how it has been exploited in our
society.

UFOs, Flying Saucers and Aliens
by Manuel Carballal

     The alien invasion is upon us regardless of the passionate
and impassioned debate regarding the existence--or non-
existence--of life beyond our own world. Even beyond the
confrontations between ufologists, naysayers and believers, and
completely beyond what astronomy, exobiology and even ufology
may have to say about the matter...we have already been invaded
by aliens.
      The ranks of contactee cults have swelled in an inverse
proportion to the disenchanted faithful who leave Catholic or
Protestant churches. The Star Trek, Star Wars or Starman sagas
are hits at the box-office, with audience shares rivalled only
by Mulder and Scully on the small screen. Records by UFO or the
Foo Fighters are on top of the record sales lists, while ET
replaces Donald Duck and Mickey Mouse in the minds of our
children. The number of UFO publications increases year after
year while new editions of hit books on aliens and
extraterrestrials appear on the stands.
      It's inevitable. If our parents' generation was raised on
the Ripaldan Catechism, songs by Joselito, and the movie
Marcelino Pan y Vino, our children are being raised amid the
bombardment of the extraterrestrial myth. It isn't strange,
therefore, that more and more sociologists should aim their
doctoral dissertations toward the increasing presence of
extraterestrialism in Western culture.
      This sociological perspective of the extraterrestrial myth,
firmly implanted in our culture, has nothing to do with the
search for extraterrestrial life undertaken by radio telescopes
all over the world. Nor does it have anything to do with the
flying wings, circular-winged vehicles, hybrid dirigibles and
many other "flying saucers" and disk-shaped craft which have
been born since the dawn of the twentieth century, on the
drafting tables of German, American, Japanese and other
aeronautical engineers.
      Nor is there any relationship between the extraterrestrial
myth as a cultural phenomenon and the vast array of aerial
phenomena of a meteorological, astronomical or physical type,
seen in the skies by so many thousands of people unable to
identify    their    nature:     lenticular   clouds,  atmospheric
electricity, temperature inversions, planetary alignments,
meteorites, etc.
      Amid this universe of false synonyms, socio-cultural myths,
unconventional aeronautics, and unknown aerial phenomena,
there's this odd thing called "ufology".
      Bastard children of Science, heretics of religion and
cultural malcontents, ufologists have tried to turn the study of
unexplained aerial phenomena into a legitimate discipline.
However, there are too many hidden interests seeking to maintain
the veil of obscurantism which surrounds the UFO phenomenon.
      Renowned thinker and linguist Noam Chomsky inadvertently
defined the problem that bedevils ufology in his book Necessary
Illusions when it came to enunciating such concepts as "the
contention of the debate". This clever power strategy consists
in limiting the focus upon a given phenomena, thus containing
the debate's arguments and by logical extension, the "sensitive"
information which might eventually reach the public's opinion.
Let me explain. While all ufological forums limit themselves to
heated debates with naysayers and skeptics, rehashing the
Manichean and absurd question of whether UFOs are or are not
alien spacecraft, the powers-that-be continue to conceal, behind
those    selfsame   UFOs,    its    secret  weapons,  psychosocial
experiments, ideological trends, new cult movements and a
lengthy etcetera.
      It is for this reason that those who construct History
continue to conceal the truth, or I should say, the different
"truths" that are hidden behind some of those UFOs, restricting
information or simply intoxicating it, since information        is
Power, and Power is never shared with the people.

Author George Andrews has long been an advocate of the "high
strangeness" aspect of the UFO phenomenon, having delved into
the subject at length in his books Extraterrestrials Among Us
and E.T. Friends and Foes. In this article he takes a closer
look at the resonances between the Chupacabras phenomenon and
India's "Monkey Man".

Chupacabras Encounters Monkey-Man
by George Andrews
     There are significant similarities as well as differences
between the first wave of chupacabras reports that came out of
Puerto Rico in 1995, the current wave of chupacabras reports
that have been coming out of Chile since March 17,2000, and the
monkey-man phenomenon in India that terrorised inhabitants of
Delhi and other locations during the month of May this year,
2001.
     The main difference between the Puerto Rican and Chilean
versions of the chupacabras is in the physical descriptions made
by witnesses. In Puerto Rico it was described as looking like a
cross between a kangaroo and a dinosaur, while in Chile it has
been persistently described as an ape-like humanoid. What both
creatures have in common is the bad habit of leaving behind
the exsanguinated cadavers of domestic and wild animals wherever
they go. The same paranormal abilities are attributed to both
versions, such as the ability to leap enormous distances, the
ability to fly, the ability to dematerialise, and the ability to
enter and to leave securely locked rooms and buildings. As
both versions are associated with UFO activity and have the
distinctive large eyes of the Grays, it seems reasonable to
speculate that the Grays may be trying out different types of
genetically engineered cyborg animals to interact with
the terrestrial environment in various ways. Chupacabras is
clearly a creature designed to collect blood and glandular
extract. What sort of mission monkey-man was designed for is not
yet understood.
     Descriptions of the Chilean version of the chupacabras are
remarkably similar to those of the black and hairy monkey-man of
India. Here are some chupacabras witness descriptions from
Chile, which I quote by permission of Scott Corrales from his
Chupacabras Rising: the Paranormal Predator Returns,
published by the Institute of Hispanic Ufology, P.O. Box 228,
Derrick City PA 16727. Here are some descriptions that were all
made between April and July of 2000.
     "It stood about 1.5 meters, like a big monkey, with long
clawed arms and enormous fangs protruding from its mouth, as
well as a pair of wings."
     "An immense man, standing some 2 meters tall. Its
shoulderblades were split, as if it had wings."
     "A kind of ape or mandrill with human features, but with
very large eyes."
     "It had large yellow eyes, thick black-and-gray hair, and
was standing approximately 1.5 meters tall."
     A truck driver was parking his rig at a rest stop about 5
in the morning, when all three of them saw "a very ugly animal,
very hairy and black, having a long oval head, fangs, and
slanted goggling eyes. It had pointed ears and whiskers similar
to those of a boar."
     Bearing in mind that in both Puerto Rico and Chile,
although the exsanguinated cadavers of domestic animals were to
be counter by the thousands, direct attacks on human beings were
so rare as to be almost non-existent, let us now turn our
attention to the monkey-man of India.
     I wish to thank Jean-Luc Rivera for providing me with
relevant newspaper articles from India for the period between
May 15 and June 19, 2001.
     The newspaper articles from India do not mention any
exsanguinated domestic animals. This may mean that there are in
fact none of the attacks on domestic animals so characteristic
of chupacabras activity throughout the Americas, or it
may mean that covert censorship of the news media in India
systematically suppresses stories on this subject. Until more
thorough investigations can be made, this must remain an open
question.
     The newspaper articles agree that monkey-man attacks humans
directly, but his motivation seems incomprehensible. When
monkey-man has a human in his power, what does he do? He
scratches the human more or less extensively with a metallic
instrument, and then disappears. For a creature displaying so
many paranormal abilities, this seems a remarkably clumsy way of
collecting tissue samples, if that is the purpose. Or instead of
taking tissue samples, are they inoculating the scratched
individuals with bacterial, viral or other agents?
     People were seriously hurt and killed by falling downstairs
or jumping from high places in the panic that ensued after
someone thought they saw monkey-man in the vicinity, but it
would be inaccurate to construe such incidents as direct attacks
on humans by monkey-man. Those scratched by the metallic
instrument
recovered from their superficial wounds, but typically found it
difficult to describe their assailants. They frequently stated
that they could not see the creature, or were attacked by a
shadow. Here are two typical witness statements, taken from the
New Delhi Pioneer of May 17, 2001:
     A 40-year-old resident of Gali, Raj Rani, suffered some
scratches on the hand, neck, nose and head. Rani said while she
was asleep on the terrace, she felt someone scratching her neck.
She turned to see who was there. "I could not see anything
except a figure that had red and blue lights on his body. I
tried
to resist, but I was thrown down the stairs and received a head
injury," she said.
     60-year-old Tara Kumar from Ashok Nagar has a fragmentary
recall of his attacker. Pointing to the telltale scratches on
his posterior, he said, "It was a little after midnight. I was
sleeping on the rooftop. Suddenly I find someone jabbing my
neck. I turn around and see this monkey. I could only see him
from
the waist upwards.     His face looked like that of a bandar
monkey, and the rest of it (till his waist) was covered in
black. I was petrified with fear. But before I could yell, he
took a big jump, something like 25 feet high, and bounded away
God knows where."
     Other witnesses stated, "It was a strange kind of black
shadow, a strange kind of animal no one has seen before" and "He
touches a lock and it breaks, but he is afraid of the light."
When a boy who was attacked dug his elbow into monkey-man, it
felt as if he was hitting something metallic that had been
covered by a cloth.
     Some remarks that were made by policemen were highly
perceptive: "It is not possible for the same creature to attack
at two distant places in close succession."
     "We have been told the creature is five and a half feet
tall, is black and rather hairy. In fact, since he struck 13
times in 3 hours, we suspect there may be more than one of
them."       "Can you ever believe a monkey in jacket and jeans,
with glistening cat-like eyes and an ability to vanish into thin
air?"       Monkey-man is said to leap from terrace to terrace,
never touching the ground. His eyes glow. One man said that when
he tried to grab the monkey, it turned into a cat and ran away.
     Details such as the glowing eyes, the ability to disappear,
and the ability to make gigantic leaps are shared by both
chupacabras and monkey-man. And there is a historical precedent
for the phenomenon in the case of Springheel Jack, who
terrorised London in 1837. Springheel Jack had metallic gloves,
with which he scratched his victims, had glowing eyes, was
dressed in black, and was given his name because of his ability
to make enormous leaps.
     One of the puzzling factors in the monkey-man equation is
the fact that the attacks were almost without exception on the
poverty-stricken, and were confined to slum areas. From the
alien point of view, selecting victims exclusively among paupers
would almost guarantee minimal medical treatment of the
superficial
wounds, and minimal medical follow-up. By confining the
attacks to the impoverished, the wealthy and the scientific
elite who control the society can be led to believe it is all
superstition and delusion, the ravings of the ignorant, since
almost no one in the upper social classes was being attacked.
     An article in India Express of New Delhi on May 19 stated
that "Doctors at Swami Dayanand Hospital have devised a new way
of tackling the inflow of 'victims' of monkey-man attacks: they
are asked to shell out 1,800 rupees for six doses of anti-rabies
vaccine. "On hearing this, they run," says a doctor."
     An article in the Hindustan Times of May 17 describes      a
team of policemen    laughing at a scratch victim who retreated
from a hospital "after doctors offered him an anti-rabies shot."
What they apparently found so amusing was that the scratch
victim could not afford to pay for the anti-rabies vaccine,
though this article does not mention the price.
     About the same time that hospitals cut down on the influx
of scratch victims by charging these inhabitants of slum areas
fees they could not afford, the police also changed their
tactics. They had been swamped with more calls than they could
investigate, many of which were bogus, creating an impossible
situation. However, they now began to arrest those calling them
for help, unless they could prove their stories. As hardly
anyone could provide     the type of proof that they required,
quite understandably the flood of phone calls dwindled to next
to nothing. Who is going to phone the police for help, if their
response is going to be to arrest you, and treat you like a
criminal   on  charges   of   "rumor-mongering",   apparently  a
prosecutable offense in India?
     These measures undoubtedly reduced hospital admissions and
phone calls to police, providing a cosmetic veneer of social
normality, while driving the real problem even further out of
control. The more severe the repressed problem, the deeper the
long-term damage done. If both medical and legal authorities
lose their credibility simultaneously, what is there left in a
society for a well-meaning citizen to cling to?
     One of the rare upper class victims was a doctor's wife,
who was attacked in her home. She said, "He was dressed in
white. He seemed to be covered in bandages, like a mummy. Only
the large, frightening eyes were visible."
     Anyone who is at all acquainted with the abduction
phenomenon in the United States would recognise this as a
classic description of a Gray.
     In the newspaper articles of May 15 the possibility that
monkey-man might be an extra-terrestrial cyborg or robot was
included along with the other possibilities.
     However, after May 15 the possibility that monkey-man might
be an extra-terrestrial is not mentioned even once in any of the
newspaper articles I have seen. Did orders come down from higher
up that such an explanation would be unacceptable? The special
police commission to investigate the phenomenon attributed the
whole problem to "mass hysteria", which was about as believable
as the U.S. Air Force attributing UFO phenomena to "swamp gas"
or "weather balloons".
     The husband of a victim said that his wife did see the
creature, which was not a hallucination, and the authorities are
blaming it on the victims and the media to hide their own
incompetence. He requested anonymity as the police had pressured
him to change his testimony so that the paranormal aspects of
the attack are omitted and the attack can be treated as an
ordinary
crime. People who claimed to have been attacked within their
securely locked homes risked prosecution if they tried to tell
police.   Apparently no one in India was aware of the recent
chupacabras attacks in Chile, which repeatedly demonstrated the
creature's ability to enter and to leave securely locked rooms
and buildings.
     Another victim said, "I saw the creature with my own eyes.
I did not even complain to the police about the attack, as I
knew they would not believe me and would brand me insane. This
report has confirmed my belief. The police could not catch the
creature, and have got the so-called experts to put the blame on
people like us and the press."
     What some doctors found perplexing was that in several
cases there were multiple witnesses to an attack, and the
eyewitness accounts supported each other. If what they had been
witnessing was a hallucination, this would not be the case.
     A doctor pointed out that the nails of all animals have
some degree of curvature, and so do scratches caused by them,
while the scratches on the victims are straight. In some cases,
there was only one scratch. In others, they were all over the
body, but of a superficial nature. The scratches appeared to the
doctors to have been caused by some sort of metallic instrument.
     The only mention of similar events having occurred in Chile
was in the Hindustan Times of May 16, which said the events in
Chile had occurred in the 1940s. Not one word was said about the
abundance of such phenomena in Chile since March 17, 2000, and
continuing into the present. Didn't the journalists know about
the events in 2000 and 2001, or was this information censored?
     Besides the victims that were only scratched, and people in
a panic who jumped or fell from high places upon hearing a cry
of alarm, monkey-man is directly responsible for at least two
human deaths. The wounds inflicted on these two men not only
resemble each other, but also resemble wounds inflicted on
animals by chupacabras in the Americas. THE STORY IS CARRIED IN
THE New Delhi Pioneer of May 18. The two victims, who were both
among the impoverished, died six hours apart in locations that
were not far from each other.
     19-year-old Satyavir, who lived in a roadside shelter, was
declared dead on arrival at Narender Mohan Hospital, where Dr.
Deepak stated: "There were three punctures in the victim's
skull, which were 2-to-3 inches deep and 6 inches long. When
they brought him in here at 8:30 AM, about an hour after the
attack,
there was no bleeding. There were two fractures on the right
hand, the upper and lower joints. There were also line scratches
on the back and abdomen.    On the right hip there was a deep
wound."
     The second victim, Naranjian, had a job pushing a broom at
the local railway station. He was attacked while sleeping in his
courtyard, and had two puncture wounds in his head, 2 inches
deep and 5 inches long.
     Making holes in the head or neck of the animals it attacks
is a type of wound typically inflicted by chupacabras in the
Americas. The thrust of the perforation is always toward the
brain or heart.
     Within the next few days after these killings, monkey-man
attacked three other individuals in the region, but only
inflicted the usual superficial scratches. Such behavior is
quite puzzling, but it is clear that neither chupacabras or
monkey-man can be characterised as benevolent.
     If we are to situate the monkey-man epidemic in India
within its international context, it is obvious that the events
in Delhi began almost immediately after Dr. Steven Greer's
Disclosure Project at the National Press Club in Washington,
D.C. on May 9-12, which tried to put an end to the UFO cover-up
by presenting twenty retired military officers and government
officials,
who gave public testimony concerning UFO incidents they had been
personally involved in during the course of their careers. It
was a gallant attempt, but for the most part the news media
trivialised, trashed, or simply ignored this major landmark
event. It was almost immediately afterwards that the monkey-man
 manifestations began to occur in India.
     Dr. Steven Greer sincerely believes extra-terrestrial
activity on Earth to be for the most part beneficial. Other
researchers, including myself, consider his point of view
excessively optimistic, though we support what he is trying to
do with his Disclosure Project.
     Is the phenomenon itself reacting to the persistent
suppression of information by the established authorities in our
society? The message the phenomenon is sending us may be that
the more we repress positively-oriented extra-terrestrial
initiatives, such as those proposed by Dr. Greer, the more
strongly the negatively-oriented extra-terrestrials (such as
chupacabras and monkey-man) will manifest among us.


Bruno Cardeñosa's name will ring a bell with readers who
recall the review of his excellent Los Archivos Secretos del
Ejercito del Aire a few issues ago. A prolific author and
talented radio personality, Cardeñosa gives us an interview
with a pioneer in the field whose insights will be of interest
to U.S. readers.


Carlos Murciano: "Something Floats Over Our World"
by Bruno Cardeñosa
In 1968, Carlos Murciano was assigned the UFO beat. Just like
that, thanks to the good offices of the legendary Torcuato Luca
de Tena, director of Spain's ABC newspaper. He went all over the
world in search of evidence proving the existence of
unidentified flying objects. Today, with the benefit of age and
the time elapsed since his original assignment, the journalist
reflects upon that singular quest and the ills afflicting 21st
century ufology.

"This one of the key points," says Murciano. "The UFO phenomenon
was deprived of its humanity. There was once upon a time a
series of young people, researchers who projected the problem
into statistics. They could have cared less about the character
who had seen the strange object--only the percentages, the cold
hard data, and the numbers, and they started publishing books
with these statistics, which interested no one, since the
enigma's human aspect had been eliminated."
Carlos Murciano, a native of Arcos de la Frontera near Cádiz,
represents a historic moment in Spanish ufology. This poet and
novelist, a award winner, and with ninety books under his belt,
saw his life change before him in early September 1968. He was
37 years old at the time, with six children and an upper
management position at a Madrid-based multinational. His
literary prowess was becoming well-known and he was collecting
his first prizes when Spanish society began to face an enigma
which had hitherto concerned only a few people: unidentified
flying objects.
That same year, according to the statistics he so disapproves
of, UFOs were seen more than 400 times over the Iberian
Peninsula, and society was beginning to wonder just what were
those artifacts. Even he pondered over the subject in an article
published in ABC on September 12, 1968. Seven days earlier, one
of those strange objects had flown over Madrid, and he was
unable to resist the temptation to write a piece that would
modify the course of his entire life:
"Something floats over the World, over this old world of ours,
weary of rolling through infinite space. Something (but what?)
arrives (but from where?) to roam its skies (but how?) stopping
sometimes (but why?) and later escaping (to where?). Something
(or someone?) that we ignore and can only intuit is observing,
stalking and monitoring the creatures of the Earth who, curious
and confused, try to answer that great question which is made up
of so many other lesser ones. It is hard, truly, to give credit
to what we cannot verify without a doubt, but it is no easier to
deny what thousands of people of all walks of life and in the
most unequal parts of our planet are seeing every day; that
which many men of science, who are cautious when it comes to
drawing conclusions, are seriously studying and considering."
Hours after writing these lines, Torcuato Luca de Tena, ABC's
legendary editor, phoned him with a one-of-a-kind offer: to go
around the world in search of UFOs. Carlos Murciano hesitated.
I'm not a journalist, he told him. If I wanted a journalist,
Luca de Tena replied, I could snap my fingers and have hundreds
of them. But this mission called for a man of polished prose who
was able to endow the mystery with a human dimension. And who
could be better than a poet?
And so it was that Carlos Murciano temporarily set aside his
business suit and donned his newspaperman garb, touring Spain
and the world at large for almost a year, talking to and
interviewing dozens of wise men who analyzed the enigma as well
as witnesses of all different social and economic backgrounds
who had seen the strange objects. The UFO correspondent does not
recall having been home two days in a row after setting out on
his journey.
He traveled extensively in Spain and overseas: Chile, Argentina,
the United States, the United Kingdom and Italy. His assignment
was to write a daily chronicle for the newspaper, and the work
grew to such proportions that the would write in hotels and
aboard airplanes, but fortunately his reports created a great
deal of interest: the man on the street wanted to know what it
was all about and his articles sated the desire. In 1969, under
the title "Something Floats Over the World", the Prensa Española
publishing house released choice selections of his writings,
which despite having sold out completely, was never reprinted.
It remains today a holy grail item for anyone wishing to have a
perspective of the UFO enigma in its moment of greatest
splendor. His book remains one of the true classics in the
small, great history of this enigma.
After those years there came an initial drought, followed by a
new and prolonged wave of sightings between 1974 and 1980, and
subsequently a void in which we are still floating, from a
certain point of view. Public interest in the subject that
Carlos Murciano experienced so closely was lost. There was a
period in which there appeared to be a change in fortune, but
finally, everything would revert to the irritating, cloying
darkness.
When I sat facing Carlos Murciano in his Madrid residence,
surrounded by the 20,000 books which form part of his extensive
library, what interested me the most about this man--a
journalist, who lived through those historic years like no
other--was to learn what was the perspective he had gleaned over
the years, and the judgement offered by a well-furnished
intellect: his opinion on the subject in the light of the
apparent lack of interest evinced by Spanish society, and the
scarce regard felt toward those who research and study the
subject. In the late 1960's, Murciano witnessed the     birth of
the split between UFO researchers, and that is the crux of the
question, in his opinion.
"The problem was the purists who paid more importance to numbers
than to witnesses. This contributed to the UFO phenomenon's
deflation. The man who reads the papers, watches TV, or listens
to the radio, isn't interested in that, and much like a balloon,
the subject of UFOs deflated. Added to this was the reduction in
sightings," observed Murciano.
"And I suppose that the lack of answers didn't help."
"Because there were no substantial development. No matter how
well-informed you become and how much you study, the years go by
and everything stays the same."
"After all those years of frantic searching, are you still
involved with UFOs?

"Yes. Among the people I interviewed were researchers like
Manuel Osuna and Antonio Ribera, who were enchanting, and with
whom I stayed in touch. But there was that other group..."
Carlos Murciano, as a noted poet and winner of the Premio
Nacional de Poesía in 1972, clashed head-on with the excessively
cold trend of the scientists. Because, as he was able to attest
after interviewing dozens of witnesses, the UFO enigma attacked
a human being's emotional aspect directly. This was one of the
things he learned in his journeys. "I had a contract signed with
Planeta for a new book, but I got tired. The world of
Literature, which was my world, was a world of constant
struggle, filled with squabbles, contempt, and rejection, and it
was necessary to always be at the forefront of the battle. I
didn't want to open a second front. There was no need whatsoever
for me to face the sector which thought that it had discovered
it all, and even though Planeta insisted, I refused. I took a
step backward and told myself: you guys can have it. Because
UFOs," concludes Murciano, referring to ufology's so-called
critical or scientific sector, known today as skeptical ufology,
"cannot be studied in the abstract."
"Therefore, your reaction was a product of the face-off which
came about between both sectors of ufology."

"It's just that I couldn't echo that perspective," Carlos pauses
and then states: "No echo and no future. And time proved me
right."
One of the cases which best portrayed the showdown between
ufology's two factions was the one experienced by IBERIA pilot
Jaime Ordovs on February 25, 1969, when flying over the
Mediterranean coast, he witnessed a giant triangular artifact
engaged in impossible maneuvers.

Carlos Murciano recalls, as though the interview had taken place
yesterday, the testimony of the pilot and its crew. "Whey saw
did not appear to correspond to anything known," he points out.
But by then, that other faction of ufology which he mentions was
classifying Venus as a possible cause for the sighting. "Venus,
Venus, it always pops up as a possible explanation," he laments.
As years went by, he was able to ascertain that these ufologists
upheld the explanation, which was also set forth in the Spanish
Air Force's declassified reports, of which he learned thanks to
the follow-up on the subject conducted by J.J. Benítez, the man
who
from his position in journalism collected the testimony of
Murciano's eyewitness.
Much has changed since the days when Carlos Murciano carried out
his research. A fundamental factor is the that interest in the
UFO phenomenon has become factionalized due to errors of one
party or the other. Nor does it give rise to social debate on
the street, as it did then.     Has this been a cause for the
number of sightings to decline? In part, yes. Is there a guilty
party? Murciano summarized it in a single sentence: This enigma
cannot be studied in the abstract. But as this veteran man of
letters knows, the Unidentified exist and allow us to see them
every so often, while those of us who research and popularize
the subject decades later, are obligated to lay down the grounds
which will aid scientists in emerging from the fatigue generated
by the enigma, and who knows, perhaps spur the quest to find an
answer to the mystery.

"Do you think that the option       of   humanizing   the   enigma,
resurrecting it, still exists?"
"It would be necessary to start from a pool of new sightings. It
is necessary to have a new wave that acts as the trigger.
There's no doubt that this phenomenon is cyclical, and it has
always been so. But this latest silence is highly significant
and has already lasted many years."
"But it seems impossible nowadays that the daily press would
renew its permanent treatment of the subject, as it was done
then. There is a great deal of rejection."
"There was always rejection, but what has indeed changed is the
mindset. Before, scientists and intellectuals were always at
loggerheads; now it's not so much. I don't think that a
newspaper like El País or El Mundo would be criticized for
retaking an interest in the subject. If the subject is
approached from a modern perspective and seriously, it would be
interesting!"
"What's your hypothesis about the UFO phenomenon?"

"That UFOs exist as such and that other worlds are inhabitable,"
replies Carlos Murciano. "There is enough evidence for the
former, but what are they. The latter I can't prove, but I'm
convinced that there is life on other worlds. Intelligent life?
I don't know. Or let me put it this way--something floats over
the world and it comes from elsewhere, why not? I interviewed,"
he continues, "diplomats, clergymen, scientists, military,
pilots, technicians, academics, people of all types and
backgrounds."

"And out of all of them, whose account impressed you the most?"
"So much time's gone by," Carlos reflects, sighing and recalling
an episode which took place in Sanlucar de Barrameda (Seville)
in 1969. "A nine year-old girl had gone out of her house into
the back yard, where there was an olive tree, and saw an object
hovering over it. She went back into her house to tell her
grandmother, who also saw it. The girl never went out of her
house and into the back yard again at night, and she wasn't a
liar. I don't know what she saw, but something strange stood in
front of her."

                          MEXICO WATCH:
         Keeping an Eye on our Southern Neighbor's Skies
     Editor's Note: The opinions voiced by Dr. Lara in his
     editorial are not necessarily those of INEXPLICATA or the
     Institute of Hispanic Ufology. Parties mentioned in this
     article may request the right to reply.
Mexican Ufology in the Year 2001, or, You Can't Tell the Players
Without a Scorecard
by Dr. Rafael A. Lara,
Director   of  Research,   Centro  de   Estudios  de   Fenomenos
Paranormales (CEFP)

I have always said that I do not belong the ranks of those who
individuals who pompously call themselves "ufologists". In spite
of having conducted countless field surveys, taken an infinite
number   of   photos  and   videos,   interviewed  hundreds   of
eyewitnesses, publish articles and appear on radio and T.V.
programs, I have never thought of myself as such. However, I
have a solid foundation and experiences upon which to base my
opinions on the subject.
Several years ago, I remarked that the study of UFOs in Mexico
was   largely  based   on   crankery,  pseudo-research,   yellow
journalism and above all, money. This has not changed to date.
It was in 1991, following the "Eclipse UFO", that the dollar
ufologists said "the time of contact is fast approaching". Since
then an effort has been made to convince people that aliens are
there, standing just around the corner. However, it must also be
noted that not all is gloom and doom: there are groups of
researchers who perform serious and responsible research within
the UFO field while remaining far from all publicity, spotlights
and considerable amounts of money.
As far as publications are concerned, the Mexican UFO market is
represented by such magazines as Insólito, a sensationalist
tabloid; Grandes Enigmas, a magazine which dwells on threadbare
subjects like the Bermuda Triangle, the Curse of the Pharaohs,
the Mystery of the Pyramids, etc.; Contacto OVNI, edited by
Mario Torres, is a publication of average quality that mixes all
types of UFO research with prophecies, millenialism, religious
mysteries, astroarchaeology, etc. It reached its 100th issue
only a few months ago, prompting a well-known researcher to
remind UFO buffs that "alien contact is at hand, and Mexico will
very likely be the location for such contact."     All of these
magazines are published by Editorial Mina.


Carlos Díaz, one of Mexico's best known contactees thanks to the
support he received from the "dollar ufologists" at a certain
point in his trajectory, has fallen to second or third place
given precisely by a withdrawal of support from these parties,
allegedly, over huge sums of money. Mr. Díaz and his Centro de
Esutdios para la Realidad del Fenómeno OVNI, located in
Tepoztlán, Morelos, have declined significantly. The influx of
foreign tourists, mainly from the U.S., in search of "undeniable
evidence" has decreased ostensibly, as have sales of his
photographs, esoteric products and records, all of this in spite
of the fact that John Mack devoted almost an entire chapter to
him in his book "Passport to the Cosmos".

Curiously, Mr. Díaz appears to have been replaced by an alleged
contactee named "Sarita", who is sponsored by journalist and
author Luis Ramírez Reyes. Occupying a house located between the
towns of Amatlán and Tepoztlán, Sarita has witnessed hundreds of
UFO's, according to Mr. Ramírez, and has established contact
with an alleged extraterrestrial entity named "Alaniso" who
imparts messages of an ecological nature. It would seem that
Tepoztlán and its environs are still waiting for the arrival of
the Kind Space Brothers.
Pascal Lopresti is a new player in the Mexican UFO community. A
businessman from Mexico City and [Italian contactee Giorgio]
Bongiovanni's agent in Mexico, he holds the copyrights to all of
the contactees works, and has decided to close down the Mexican
Ark of Salvation at the behest of the stigmatic contactee, since
in spite of the repeated "End-of-the-World" prophecies, the end
is never at hand. Pascal holds UFO conventions in which
contactees mingle with mystics, healers and alleged witnesses to
alien spaceship crashes and recoveries. He collaborates with
Contacto OVNI magazine.
Luis Ramírez Reyes tendencies toward conspiracy theory remain
unchanged (see SAMIZDAT Special Report: Mexico 1996). Mr.
Ramírez emulates John Lear and William Cooper, but with a
Mexican touch. His accounts are filled with humanoid insects,
women raped by aliens, reptilian hybrids, ubiquitous UFOs, etc.
and form the backbone of his work.
Rubén Manrique is a disciple of the recently deceased Luis
Andrés Jaspersen [...]. His articles often appear in Contacto
OVNI magazine and represent an amalgam of contacteeism,
millenialism and re-examinations of old cases. A close friend of
Jaime Maussán and Mario Torres, he currently promotes alleged
photographs of aliens on the Moon.
This is a very brief and personal analysis of a situation that
has not changed for many years. I do not believe, as some have
said, that "the evidence has been captured on video", as though
this were the only weapon in the ufologist's arsenal when it
comes to performing a solvent, serious and above all, reliable
study.

                           EX LIBRIS:
         A Random Sampling of Hispanic Ufology in Print


   Los OVNIS en Canarias by José Gregorio González Gutierrez
     Tenerife: Centro de la Cultura Popular Canaria, 1995
         230 pages w/illustrations. Price not available
Regional UFO and paranormal studies are perhaps among the most
interesting books in the field, because as opposed to books
devoted to a single subject (say, Roswell...) the author often
casts his or her nets farther afield in an effort to provide
background information for the paranormal, cryptozoological or
saucerian thrust of the book. Good examples of these are Mike
Marinacci's Mysterious California or Bob Teets's West Virginia
UFOs.
Los OVNIS en Canarias is precisely this type of book: author
González takes us on a tour of this mysterious and alluring
archipelago off the African coast, which is best known as a
year-round tourist destination. González takes a close look at
the UFO-related phenomena which have made his islands a hotspot
of weird activity for over 30 years: the mysterious objects
which have emerged from the sea (and whose photographs have been
widely printed in magazines all over the world); the CE3K event
popularly known as the "Giants of Galdar", in which elements of
the Spanish army opened fire on towering non-human entities; the
mysterious cattle mutilations of 1979 and 1983, which rivalled
their U.S. counterparts in complexity and eeriness; sightings of
diminutive Bigfoot-like creatures (Smallfoots?) in remote
corners of the islands, and last, but not least, cases involving
fairy-like entities in remote mountain valleys and canyons which
are almost impossible to enter.
Whether you believe in the paranormal or not, González's work is
sufficiently documented and well written to have merited
publication by a state-run publisher, the Center for Popular
Culture of the Canary Islands. This regional study deserves a
space on the bookshelves of anyone interested in learning more
about those corners of the world which have experienced brushes
with the unexplained since before the "official" start date of
1947.
