{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T00:13:00Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 84962, "source_ctime_ns": 1788548724540613754, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-04.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788548724537706826, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/INEXPLICATA-04.pdf", "source_sha256": "b7956028c9e3823683dfdb54fc212625dd667f47f83779c65f407e4ce2c8401e"}

INEXPLICATA
                 The Journal of Hispanic Ufology
                            Issue # 4
                           Summer 1999

          A twice-yearly publication showcasing the research and
          concerns of UFO and paranormal investigators in Spain,
          the Caribbean, Central and South America.
Editor
     Scott Corrales
Assistant Editor
(all article submissions and letters)
     Juan Carlos Mallory
     P.O. Box 228
     Derrick City, PA 16727
Contributing Editors
     Manuel Carballal (Spain)
     Willie Durand Urbina (Puerto Rico)
     Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros (Mexico)
     Lucy Guzmán de Plá (Puerto Rico)
                      DEPARTMENTS AND COLUMNS

Ex Libris and   Dr. Rafael Lara's MEXICO WATCH will return in our
next issue!
                      ARTICLES AND FEATURES

The Magical Alignments of the Mexican Pyramids
by Dr.Rafael A. Lara Palmeros ................................. 1
Emiliano Zapata Municipality: Mystery of the Forgotten Stones
by Dr.Rafael A. Lara Palmeros ................................. 8
The Haunted Barracks of Cerler
Angel Briongos Martinez & Javier García Blanco ............... 11
Who Hides Behind The Friendship?
by Josep Guijarro ............................................ 23
The Mysteries of Honduras
by Pablo Villarubia Mausó .................................... 31
                 Welcome to INEXPLICATA
                        Number 4
                       Summer 1999

The apparent loss of interest in ufologica made us wonder if
it was really prudent to continue with Inexplicata,
particularly since our coverage is centered on a very small
sub-category of the field. But seeing the quality of the
material we have received from our correspondents (with our
apologies to those whose material had to be left out due to
sheer lack of space) we felt that such valuable material
should not be allowed to languish in a hard drive somewhere.

So, where does Number 4 lead us? We follow Dr. Rafael Lara in
Mexico as he visits hitherto unclassified ruins in the
Veracruzan wilderness (near the summit of Cerro Gordo, where
a number of battles have been fought in Mexico's turbulent
past) and also look into the possibility that Mexico's
pyramids were carefully aligned with each other and with the
volcanoes they were supposed to represent--testimony to the
skill and knowledge of these forgotten builders; we come to
the   conclusion  of   Josep   Guijarro's  "Secrets  of   the
Friendship", with results that promise to stun UFO believers
and thrill conspiracy buffs; Angel Briongos Martínez takes us
to a haunted boot camp of the Spanish armed forces, and Pablo
Villarubia combs through "The Mystery of Honduras".

Enjoy the read, and have a great summer!


Scott Corrales
Editor
INEXPLICATA
It has now again become fashionable to delve into the stone-
encoded mysteries of our ancient forbears, and Mesoamerica
should not be excluded from this equation for any reason
whatsoever. The following article, written by our Senior
Contributing Editor Dr. Rafael Lara Palmeros, builds upon the
ground-breaking information uncovered by Dr. Rubén Morante,
whose findings were rebuffed by his country's formal
archaeological establishment.

The Magical Alignments of the Mexican Pyramids
by Dr. Rafael A. Lara Palmeros, CEFP (Mexico)

"To you, to me, Stonehenge and Chartres Cathedral
are the work of the same Ancient Man under different names:
we know what He did and even what He thought he believed in,
but we don't know why...."

W.H. Auden


Whenever we delve into the book of human history, we can see that
humankind, in any location it has settled, has preserved a
genetic-chromosomal-memory tradition, according to the late Robert
Charroux, which produced extraordinary doctrinal parallels in
different   civilizations.  For   centuries,  the   pyramids  have
fascinated the human spirit all over the world. An infinite number
of theories have been put forth to explain their construction;
however, we do not know for sure the reason or reasons which
prompted our ancestors to build such extraordinary monuments. In
spite of it all, one thing remains certain: our ancestors were
perfectly aware of the relationship between man and the Universe
and therefore, with nature...something which 20th century man has
been struggling to find.

As Told in Tradition
     Fray Bernardino de Sahagún states:"...in coming toward the
southlands in search of Paradise, they were not wrong, since in
the opinion of many writers, it was located beneath the equinoxial
line, and to think of it on top of a mighty mountain is also
correct, since the sources also tell us that the Earthly Paradise
was beneath the equinoxial line and on top of an extremely tall
mountain whose summit reaches the moon..." (1). The codexes and
oral traditions of Pre-hispanic peoples dealt with a variety of
sciences (astrology, mathematics, etc.) and that these manifested
themselves in a variety of arts ranging from architecture to
poetry. Within this tradition, mountains exerted a quasi-mystical
sway over the mesoamerican peoples. To the Egyptians, the
mountain, and the hill represented places of birth and
resurrection. To the Babylonians, hills and mountains played a
role in the development of their pyramids or seven-story ziggurats
which represented the Cosmic Mountain. It has been proven that the
majority of these theocratic states had their origin in
mountainous locations and that these, regardless of geographical
location, have been related to the supernatural and all-powerful
(i.e, Macchu-Picchu, Olympus, Mt. Sinai, etc.).
     To the Mesoamericans, mountains were highest parts of the
Earth to come into contact with the sky, the clouds and above all
else, the stars. Our native ancestors made pilgrimages there to
leave offerings (which have been found at the Xinatecatl,
Citlatepetl, Popocatepetl, Matlacueye e Ixtaccihuatl--Mexico's
five tallest volcanoes). The Aztecs built a beautiful temple on
the summit of a mountain in Malinalco; at Tepoztlán, famous for
its UFO sightings, they built a temple whose walls presented bas-
reliefs of symbolizing the 18 months of the Nahuatl calendar and
the 4 directions.
The Nahoa codexes, such as the Nutall, Huamantla and others,
feature smoking mountains-- volcanoes, hills, etc. Volcanoes were
considered dual entities, since their eruptions would cause
destruction yet their ashes were a source of fertility, leading
our ancestors to believe in a dualist religious philosophy
inspired by such opposing factors.

Archaeoastronomy and Vulcanoastronomy
     Sir Eric Thompson (2) was one of the earliest and foremost
proponents of Archaeoastronomy, the branch of archaeology which
correlates the discoveries of the past and their relationship to
the stars. An example of this would be the descent of the Serpent,
Kukulkan's emblem, down the balustrades of the El Castillo pyramid
in Chichen Itzá during the equinoxes (3).
     In 1986, following in-depth research on the subject, Mexican
scholar Rubén Morante promoted his theory of Vulcanoastronomy, a
belief that did not explain all of the alignments in direct
relationship with volcanoes, did relate to them, given that
pyramids were mountain-shaped constructions, places where Men and
Gods could be close to one another (4). In 1992, this author and
the Archaeological Investigation Group (AIG) of the CEFP , took up
Dr.    Morante's   initial    research    considering   that   the
vulcanoastronomical theory deals with an entire system of
orientation and location of pre-hispanic buildings and cities,
based on the Sun's position, on important positions of the
calendar, in the location of other archaeological sites and above
all, by the presence of volcanoes. It was for these reasons that
our research was undertaken at 7 Mexican volcanoes and the
country's most important archaeological sites.

Orientation of the Pre-Hispanic Structures

The construction of temples, pyramids, mounds, etc. in the pre-
hispanic world was the subject of methodical work by its builders.
The symbolic factors which played an important role in the
construction projects were numerous, and for this reason, the
architect needed to have an exhaustive knowledge of his own
religion, astronomy, geography, geology and the arts of his
profession. Orientation had a mystical-astrological quality, and
humans were so influenced by these calendars that they lived their
lives on them. Almost all pre-hispanic structures are oriented
toward the cardinal points, and although their builders knew this,
the axises of many of their buildings were not entirely precise,
perhaps due to the existence of a point in space which caused the
deviation, such as the paths of other heavenly bodies (Venus,
Mars, etc.). as Arveni and others have stated (5). However, this
event could have come about due to the presence of volcanoes and
mountains which are the prominent points during sunrise and
sunset, and which exerted a considerable influence on the
religious beliefs of our forebears. Our investigation led us to
note that there is a natural alignment in central Mexico between
the Sun and the two largest volcanoes: The Pico de Orizaba
(Citlatepetl) and Popocatepetl, which are linked by the sun's rays
during the equinoxes. It is our belief that this alignment can be
seen from the slopes of the volcanoes themselves and was taken as
the basis to designate such a key point during the equinox,
serving as the inspiration for a pyramidal orientation and
location system (bear in mind Cheops, Stonenhenge, etc). The
builders therefore possessed a clear understanding of sacred
geometry.
     Our method consisted of pure observation, witnessing the
equinox from the slopes of Popocatepetl and the winter solstice
from the ruins of Teotihuacán, with the sun rising exactly from
behind the Pico de Orizaba. When visual location was not possible,
we would go to the volcano or to the corresponding archaeological
site   to determine the geographical north-south axis; on some
occasions it was necessary to wait for sunrise or sunset during
the corresponding equinox or solstice in order to measure the
angle of the sun's direction on the horizon. Through the use of an
azimuthal table it was possible to transfer the lines to a map in
order to see the projection sites and form an alignment. It was
also interesting to find out if the ancient Mexicans possessed
geographical charts (at this time no maps covering large areas are
known to exist); however, there are pictographic documents showing
roads, terrain features, bridges, etc. There is also a unit of
measure called "matl" which means "arm" in Nahuatl, and equals 1
rod (6).

Source of the Alignments
The earliest pre-hispanic settlements were chosen for a variety of
factors (natural resources, rivers, food, etc.). It is believed
that   the   calculations   used   to   establish   the   vulcano-
astroarchaeological orientation was necessary prior to the
occupation of a given site. The earliest site presenting such an
orientation is Tlatilco (Lower Preclassic Period, up to 1500 years
BCE), which was settled by primitive crop-growers. During the
Middle Preclassic (1300 BCE), Tlatilco was exposed to Olmec
influences, but why would the Olmecs have chosen such a site?
Tlatilco is located at the spot from which the sun could be seen
to emerge from the Ixtaccihuatl volcano on the day of the winter
solstice. The Olmecs, on their trajectory toward the Anahuac
Valley, had already seen the alignment between the Popocatepetl
and the Citlatepetl peaks during equinoxes, which inspired the
mystico-magical practices of this culture. The Olmecs arrived at
the shores of southeastern Mexico 1500 years BCE. Playing an
important role in the development of prehispanic cultures, the
founded San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán and La Venta somewhere between
1000 and 800 BCE. It is highly significant that they were volcano-
worshippers, since offerings were left on the edge of the San
Martín volcano's crater in the vicinity of Los Tuxtlas. The
pyramid at La Venta is also based upon a volcano. This site
represents an alignment of various axises.

Magical Orientation of the Archaeological Sites

For purposes of our study, we employed geographic charts using a
scale of 1:1,200,000 and 1:3,500,000 from the Office of
Cartography and Projections of the Secretaría de Comunicaciones y
Transportes (S.C.T.), two of which correspond to central Mexico
and four corresponding to the Mesoamerican region in general.
     In Map 1, Line A indicates the only direction from which the
sun can be seen to rise behind the summit of Ixtaccihuatl during
the winter solstice, where we can find Tlatilco ("the place of
hidden things"). In Map 2, we can see that La Venta is related to
two volcanoes: The Pico de Orizaba (Citlatepetl) and La Malinche.
We must bear in mind that La Venta was used as the basis for the
alignment of 7 dwelling places of that region, 3 in the Nahuatl
area and 4 in the Maya area. However, it is possible to find three
additional alignments in another two archaeological sites:
Cuicuilco and Teotihuacan, the former which was built 600 years
BCE and which presents a clear relationship to La Venta and
volcanoes. Two facts establish this: first of all, its conical
configuration with a circular base, very similar to the La Venta
Pyramid, and second, the fact that the God of Fire was worshipped
at Cuicuilco.
     In Map 2, Line C links La Venta to Cuicuilco, crossing the
Iztaccihuatl, a volcano which had already made its presence felt
in another Preclassic era alignment at Tlatilco. Teotihuacán
betrays evident Olmec influence and 2 alignments toward La Venta,
the first of which occurred on 2 dates -- May 19th and July 25th -
- the only days of the year in which the sun reaches the highest
place in the firmament on the parallel occupied by Teotihuacán
(see Map 2, Letter D). The 2nd alignment considers the Teotihuacán
axis and its characteristic deviation of 15 degrees 30' east of
true north, which has so intrigued archaeologists. If this axis is
extended toward the southeast, it is related with another line
linking the La Malinche and Pico de Orizaba volcanoes (Map 2,
Letter B). It must be noted that Tula, Palenque, Yaxchilán,
Piedras Negras and Chichen Itza align with La Venta. P. Gendrop
(7) believes that there is an important alignment between these
cities. Map 2, Letter B shows four important locations: the
continuation of the Teotihuacán axis, making a straight angle with
La Malinche, Pico de Orizaba and La Venta. If we continue
southward, we will find that Palenque also falls into alignment.
     Yaxchilán aligns with La Venta when the sun's rays strike the
San Martín Volcano and Tula on the morning of the winter solstice
(Map 3, Line E). Piedras Negras transits' zenith at sunset with
Teotihuacan and Tula.
     Chichén Itza aligns with La Venta on the dawn of the summer
solstice (Map 4, Line F).

The Copán/Xochicalco Alignment

     These two unique cities feature bas-reliefs depicting the
celebration of "astronomical conventions" held in pre-hispanic
America, whose purpose was to make adjustments to the calendar
during leap years. There is sufficient evidence to believe that
there was contact between the astronomers of both cities in spite
of the great distance between them (8). The Line which runs from
the dawn of the winter solstice makes Copán align with Xochicalco
both on May 15th and on June 29th. On these dates, an alignment
occurs at both dawn and dusk--unique in the entire world--
indicating   astonishing   astronomical  computations    by   the
astronomers in each metropolis. Said calculations established the
basis of the calendars which guided the regions indicated by La
Venta: the Nahoa and Maya areas, respectively.

The Monte Albán Alignment
     Under Olmec influence, this is one of Mesoamerica's oldest
sites (7th century BCE). Monte Albán is related to Xochicalco (Map
5, Letter H). The alignment between Tikal and Monte Albán comes
about on the equinoxes, and the one between Monte Albán and Uxmal
on the dawn of the summer solstices. On the sunset of that very
same day, Monte Albán aligns itself with the Pico de Orizaba and
Cofre de Perote volcanoes and the El Tajín pyramid.

The El Tajín Alignment

     El Tajín, located to the south of the port of Pánuco near the
coast of the Gulf of Mexico, can be found in the Totonacapan area,
which is divided into the La Huasteca and the Maya region of
southeastern Mexico. El Tajín is a contemporary of Xochicalco,
Tulum, Uxmal and Chichén Itzá, as well as of Monte Albán. It is in
alignment with Uaxactún, Chichén Itzá and Tulum (the Tajín pyramid
is a true calendar, possessing 365 niches). Uaxatún has an
alignment during the winter solstice with the site upon which El
Tajín would later be built (Map 3, Line M). Chichén Itzá aligns
with El Tajín on the equinoxes shortly before the serpent of light
and shadows is projected by the sun's rays down the balustrades of
Kukulkan's temple (9). On the sunset of that day, El Tajín aligns
with Tulum (Maps 4 and 5, Lines N and O), giving us two Maya
cities which on 3 very important dates (winter solstice and both
equinoxes) point toward El Tajín, the most visible and massive
calendar in Mesoamerica, which then returns the alignment to a
third Maya city: Tulum. It should be noted that Uxmal also comes
into contact with Tula during the equinoxes (Map 4, Line P)

Winter Solstice Alignment and the Volcanic Axises of the Altiplano

     There are six alignments which constitute irrefutable proof
of the continuity of cosmological ideas which span nearly 3,000
years since the first tribes along the margins of Lake Texcoco
welcomed the Olmecs until the Spanish Conquest. While Cuicuilco
and Teotihuacán had La Venta as their base, they were also related
to the volcanoes and the dawn of the winter solstice. On the other
hand, the builders of Cuicuilco, Tlatilco and Teotihuacán itself
chose sites which aligned on the dawn of the winter solstice with
Mexico's three tallest volcanoes--Pico de Orizaba or Citlatépetl
(5747 mts), Popocatépetl (5,452 mts), and Ixtaccihuátl (5,286
mts). It is very important to note that Tenochtitlán was also
built on the line aimed at Tlatilco on the winter solstice, when
the sun rose toward Iztaccihuatl (Map 1, Line A), as well as the
alignment which includes Popocatépetl-Cofre de Perote-Malinche, if
extended toward the south, where we can find a direct relation to
Xochicalco, a ceremonial center of great importance in ages past
(Map 1, Letter G).
     Map 6 presents us with a line running from Tlatilco and
Cuicuilco which is bisected by another running from Pico de
Orizaba to the Nevado de Toluca volcano, passing through Cholula
and Popocatépetl. Another line runs across the Iztaccíhuatl toward
Tenochtitlán, or another line reaches La Malinche and bisects
Teotihuacán. If we measure the angles formed by these lines, they
are all practically 90 degree angles.
     The most astonishing fact isn't that the ceremonial centers
followed almost identical blueprints in their construction, but
that they belonged to populations that did not belong to the same
era (Tlatilco predates Cuicuilco, which in turn flourished before
Teotihuacán, which had been abandoned 600 years prior to the
founding of Tenochtitlán).
     The traditions of building temples over "magical" volcanic
axises inspired the cosmology with endured throughout the history
of Mexico's civilized cultures.

Conclusions
Based on the investigation conducted, we may draw the following
conclusions:

1.   Many cultures on Earth, including the Mesoamericans, have
     considered mountains to be mystical places which enabled them
     to be closer to the stars as well as the gods, laying down
     the basis of the calendar, the cornerstone of their
     agriculture.

2.   Human constructions, above all those presenting a mystical-
     religious character, were oriented according to the solstices
     and the equinoxes. This practice was followed in Mexico, only
     that here the stars were seen in relation to the mountains,
     thus creating a system of alignments that is unique in the
     world.

3.   The idea of taking volcanoes, along with the sun, as the
     basis for orienting structures, must have emerged from the
     observation of the alignment between Pico de Orizaba and
     Popocatépetl on the equinoxes.

4.   In Mexico, mountains became the models upon which pyramids
     were built: trunco-conical shapes such as those of La Venta
     and Cuicuilco.

5.   Alignments come about when at least three important features
     (volcanoes, ceremonial centers and the location of the sun
     during equinoxes and solstices, or days of transit zeniths on
     sunrises and sunsets) are located on a straight line drawn
     between them.

6.   The practice of orienting and locating ceremonial centers
     began with the Olmecs.

7.   In order to carry out these alignments, it was necessary for
     architects to have a deep understanding of mathematics,
     sacred geometry, trigonometry, geography and cartography,
     using both squares, protractors and even the compass, in
     order to draw large maps, and it is possible that these were
     made with a precision comparable to our own, and which was
     2,000 years in advance as regards the rest of the world.

8.   This knowledge was secret and transmitted from one generation
     to another to a chosen group, which is why it has been lost.
     An example of this can be found in the actions of Ixcóatl,
     the Aztec Tlatoani who according to Sahagún (1) burned all of
     the codexes and paintings to keep them from falling into the
     hands of the unenlightened.

9.   This admirable orientation system, which presents the
     considerable advancement of the Mesoamerican cultures as
     regards their contemporaries worldwide, may have sought to
     mark both the solar points regarding the calendar as well as
     the location of ceremonial centers so that they could be
     visited by anyone, whether by land, sea...or air.

ENDNOTES

1. Sahagún, Fray Bernardino de. "Historia General de las Cosas de
la Nueva España." Tomo I, Página 14., Editorial Nueva España,
S.A., México, 1946.
2. Thompson, J. Eric. "Grandeza y Decadencia de los mayas." p.
225-26. Fondo de Cultura Economica, Mexico, 1959.
3. Arochi, Luis. E. "La pirámide de Kukulkán." Panorama Editorial,
México, 1984.
4. Morante, Rubén. "Los alineamientos mágicos de las pirámides
mesoamericanas." Edited by the Dirección General de Enseñanza
Media del Estado de Veracruz, Jalapa, Veracruz, Mexico, 1986.
5. Aveny, Anthony F. "Astronomía de la América Antigua." p. 18-19.
Siglo XXI Editores, Mexico, 1980.
6. Diaz del Castillo, Bernal. "Historia Verdadera de la Conquista
de la Nueva España." Editorial Nuevo Mundo, S. de R.L., Mexico,
1943.
7. Gendrop, Paul. "El México Antiguo". p. 72, Editorial Trillas,
México, 1977.
8. Spinden, Herbert J. "Ancient Civilizations of México and
Central América." New York, 1922.
9.   Piña  Chan,   Román.  "Quetzalcoatl,   serpiente emplumada."
Editorial Fondo de Cultura Económica, México, 1983.

Mexico's coastal regions remain, to this day, a source of both
scientific and paranormal mysteries. Read on!

Emiliano Zapata Municipality: The Mystery of the Forgotten Stones
by Dr. Rafael A. Lara Palmeros, CEFP (Mexico)


     Since the end of December 1998, a series of insistent rumors
had come to our attention: a broad swath of virgin forest had been
semi-discovered by some peasants 24 kilometers away from Jalapa,
the state capital of Veracruz, within an area contained in the
municipality of Emiliano Zapata. The region, covered by exuberant
semi-tropical vegetation, shelters a considerable number of
unusual stones -- approximately 123 in number --sculpted with
handsome petroglyphs which have remained in excellent conditions
in spite of the passage of time.
     On Thursday, February 25th, 1999, Lic. Marino Leal Trujillo,
Ms. Virginia Hernández and the author of this article headed for
the zone which was under the protection of the region's
inhabitants, since it is their belief that this and many other
locations are sacred. After discussing the matter with the leaders
of the local cooperative farm, we were allowed to enter the
region, having to make a 150 meter (400 foot) descent following a
tortuous trail filled with dense vegetation, mosquitoes and
poisonous snakes known as "nauyaques" in this area. Upon reaching
our destination, we were able to look upon a number of stones
scattered throughout the ground, covered in moss, dust and
vegetation. Once these were removed, we found a considerable
number of petroglyphs in a variety of shapes and sizes. The size
of the stones was approximately 4-5 meters in length by 3 meters
long, having irregular, eroded borders and some of them apparently
having been dressed.
     The following designs were found:
     Spirals
     Circles
     Wavy Lines
     Crosses
     Tranversal and Horizontal Lines Similar to Stairwells
     Humanoid Shapes.
     With the cleaning of the stones out of the way, we proceeded
with measuring the petroglyphs as well as making rubbings of the
most representative designs on manila paper using crayons. In this
regard it is worth noting that our attention was drawn by a cross
composed of squares, each measuring approximately 4.5 cm long and
4 cm wide. Each of the cross's "arms" were composed of two
parallel lines having 4 squares each. We were intrigued presence
of a humanoid figure dressed in a sort of helmet and having two
small, spindly legs, and whose upper body appeared to be endowed
with utensils and/or equipment. It also possible to observe semi-
undulating lines, apparent representations of hills or the
trajectories of certain lights which can be seen in the area. To
the vast majority of prehispanic societies, the spiral plays a
predominant role. A variety of authors have sought to attach
different meanings to it, and we thus find that some believe it
represents the snake, while others suggest cosmic forces and still
others claim it depicts the presence of spacecraft. The spiral was
represented in nearly 50% of the stones studied during our
investigation.
     Another interesting petroglyph involved the presence of
transversal and oblique lines, apparently representing flights of
stairs (it is very possible that this region once housed some kind
of pyramidal structure). It is also possible to find, to a lesser
degree petroglyphs shaped like spiders, jaguars, monkeys and
certain fish--animal forms which are currently hard to find in
this location.
     Given the characteristics of this area as well as their
relationship with others which are also known, it is possible it
once harbored primitive Nahoa and/or Totonaca tribes, who became
the basis for these cultures as they are known today. It has been
hitherto impossible to classify the area discovered according to a
corresponding   historical   period   (Lower    Preclassic,   Upper
Preclassic, etc.). Authorities having competence in the matter,
such as the Instituto Veracruzano de la Cultura (IVC), the
Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia (INAH) itself, or
the School of Anthropology of the University of Veracruz, have all
paid little or no attention to this find, arguing that they lack
sufficient funds to embark upon an investigation of these
considerable treasures, and fortunately, the region's inhabitants
are opposed to the presence of the misnamed "competent
authorities", since it is widely known that these are engaged in
ransacking the archaeological sites and selling their discoveries
to U.S. and European collectors, mainly from Germany and France.
     A curious fact bears mentioning: this area is very close to a
mountain range which forms part of the Eastern Sierra Madre, which
includes the well-known Tepeapulco Hill, as site of intense UFO
activity. This phenomenon has intensified since 1993, resulting in
a considerable number of photographs being taken. This author has
obtained important photographs and videotaped material which has
been found to be genuine by other researchers.
     My hypothesis is as follows: since the area is highly
magnetic, the ancient occupants of the place settled there and
captured a variety of phenomena on their petroglyphs. Given that
the presence of UFOs is common at every archaeological site, and
it is still possible to see them in our day and age, the only
question that remains to be answered is the following: could the
humanoid figure, obtained by means of rubbings, represent an
unknown visitor? Personally, I lack the knowledge to answer such a
question.
     I would like to extend my gratitude to the inhabitants of the
area, keeping my promise not to disclose the precise location of
the area investigated.
Angel Briongos is one of Spain's most tenacious investigators of
the paranormal, on a quest to find corroboration for the
"Saragossa Poltergeist" case which occurred in the 1930's and
commanded worldwide attention. Angel is a frequent contributors
to publications such as KARMA-7 and Enigmas. This is his first
contribution to INEXPLICATA.

The Haunted Barracks of Cerler
by Angel Briongos Martinez and Javier Garcia Blanco

     "That night it was my turn to stand guard. It must have been
two or three in the morning. I was facing the guardhouse and felt
cold. There was a door whose padlock rattled noisily in the wind.
Don't you suppose? Well, I imagine it was. Well, from the sentry
box I could see squat-all up in the mountains. I had my Cetme
rifle ready and with the clip loaded, I was so afraid. In other
words, there shouldn't be anyone up in the mountains, but I could
see a light up there--a light where there should be none at all.
The light moved, descended, and suddenly rose again. I advised the
corporal and he laughed. Well, I thought, I must be imagining
things. But the event was recorded in the guard roster."
     Experiences such as this one, recounted by Oscar Blanco
Calvo, have been taking place in the Cerler military base since
the summer of 1992. Since then, staying at the base has become
hell for the recruits and subofficers stationed there.
     While the impressive phenomena began in 1992, it all started
a year and a half earlier, in March 1991, when an accident
occurred at a nearby peak while maneuvers were being held. Nine
persons died in the incident--seven soldiers and two subofficers.


A Tragic Accident
     It was the morning of Monday, March 11, 1991. The Civil
Protection Service at Huesca had issued a warning the previous
Friday regarding the risk of landslides in the Aragonese Pyrenees
around that time as a result of the recent thaw. Despite the
warning, and expedition led by Captain Luis Silvera mobilized to
perform its winter survival exercises. The groups as formed by a
total of 133 individuals, divided into groups of ten or twelve
soldiers. Tragedy was unleashed a few hours later, at a peak known
as Tuca Blanca de Paderna in the Maladeta region: a tremendous
avalanche buried a considerable part of the expedition under tons
of ice. Luckily, most of the soldiers were able to escape on their
own or aided by their buddies. After intensive rescue operations
by the Guardia Civil and the Army, employing trained dogs, was it
possible to recover the bodies. The corpses were temporarily
guarded in the Cerler military base (where the expedition's
elements were temporarily headquartered)--more precisely in the
dry-off area where equipment used for winter maneuvers is thawed
out. On the following day, March 12, a funeral for five of the
dead soldiers was held on the base. Meanwhile, rescue operations
continued with little success--the remaining casualties would not
be found until many days later. After the tragic event, Benasque
Valley and the Cerler military base would return to normal, but
the peace would not last for very long.

The Soldiers Speak Out

     From the summer of 1992 onward, strange rumors began to
circulate around the town of Cerler and the nearby town of
Benasque. If the rumors had any truth to them, some of the
soldiers stationed at Cerler had been experiencing, for a certain
length of time, a series of unexplained events that kept them in a
constant state of fear. Quickly, recruits and local residents
alike related the events to the still-fresh accident at Tuca
Blanca. As if it weren't bad enough, the phenomena appeared to
take place with greatest intensity in the dry-off area where the
bodies had been placed, as well as the adjacent room, which was
destined to lodging soldiers during certain times, particularly
when maneuvers were being held. On September 28th of that year the
news made it into the regional newspapers. The Diario del Alto
Aragón featured on its cover a most curious and alluring story:
Investigation of Strange Paranormal Phenomena Underway at the
Cerler Base. The inside pages explained in detail the various
strange phenomena which according to military sources, were being
experienced by a number of soldiers stationed in this base in a
tiny Pyrenean town. The newspaper also mentioned the commissioning
of an investigation with the ultimate purpose of uncovering the
truth to these events, as well as a request for assistance by the
military to a team of parapsychologists from Barcelona. According
to the story appearing in the Diario del Alto Aragón, the soldiers
were faced on an almost daily basis with a plethora of
incomprehensible phenomena, such as unexplained noises, doors that
opened and shut by themselves, shadows darting hither and fro
during the night, and objects that fell to the ground without any
apparent reason.

An Official Cover-Up?

     The more suspicious minds felt that a cover-up effort on the
part of the armed forces was underway barely a day later, when the
Heraldo de Aragón newspaper featured a communiqué issued by the
Huesca Military Government, stating that no strange phenomena had
transpired at Cerler. Commander Espinosa would add to this
statement: "It is not true that there is a history of paranormal
events at this base, and much less that the general would have
enlisted the aid of any parapsychologist, nor of any person
devoted to the study of such events, for the simple reason that
nothing at all has happened there. Life is normal and uneventful,
as ever. I would like to know the source of these stories."
However, a number of persons who were on duty at this base during
the dates in question did not seem to be in agreement with the
official statements. A subofficer stationed at the base stated on
that very same day to an Heraldo reporter: "Strange things happen
at the base, such as sudden blackouts, noises from the doors and
other phenomena. I myself have not seen anything, I only know what
soldiers have told me. Of course there's something going on."
     Whatever the situation, the fact is that strange goings-on
were occurring at the base--events as inexplicable as those which
had been experienced by Oscar Blasco, for whom there had been no
end to the surprises on that night. After his unpleasant encounter
with the enigmatic light, he would experience, together with
another soldier, an incredible experience that he would never
forget: "When sentry duty was over I went to sleep. Later I had to
go on patrol with another kid, and it involved going around the
base in circles."
     The two young servicemen began their patrol of the base
feeling ill at ease due to what Oscar Blasco has seen earlier. "We
started to walk. Looking at the trucks and at all that, already
scared shitless with what I'd seen. We started inspecting the
façade to make sure all the windows were shuttered. Well, we kept
walking, and in the time it takes to walk the loop around the
base--some 7 or 8 minutes, we noticed all that all of the windows
were unshuttered." Stunned, the soldier told his companion. "Did
you see that?"
     Upon hearing the latter's affirmative reply, they agreed to
walk around the building once more in hopes that it could all be
ascribed to their imaginations. Unfortunately for them, the
mystery was waiting for them upon their return. "We walked another
round and then, we found the windows were shuttered again! We were
really shitting ourselves."
     The experience must have indeed been disquieting. When we
visited these scene of the events, we were able to ascertain that
this event could not have been a practical joke. The façade
consisted of 36 windows on 3 separate floors. And as if this
weren't enough, the shutters are equipped with locks to keep them
from banging against the structure due to the wind. For this
reason, it is very hard to open or close them in a short space of
time without making any noise whatsoever. Certain that what they
had witnessed was clearly out of kilter, they decided to notify
the corporal of the watch.
     "We informed the first corporal and he laughed. He said we
were in bad shape, but the next day, we noticed that the logbook
included a report of what we had seen. They were treating it as
something completely normal." As this witness would tell us
himself, other companions had told him experiences they had lived
through which were even more chilling. Apparently, many reported
seeing the deceased returning from skiing all dressed in white,
falling down on the bunks and disappearing.
     In some cases, such as that of recruit P.B.B. and his
companions, the fear they withstood was indeed considerable, so
much so that one way of releasing their fear consisted in getting
drunk almost every day. According to the young soldiers, who were
stationed there to fulfill their compulsory military service, the
doors to their lockers would open and shut by themselves, and some
of them would even appear the next day covered in scratches of an
unexplained nature. "It was horrible. While we were in bed, we
could clearly hear the sound of the locker doors opening and
closing noisily, as if by magic," stated P.B.B. As if all of this
weren't enough, the sound of mysterious footsteps and the vision
of sinister shadows added to the length of their stay in the
military.
     "On certain occasions, at night, we could clearly see human
shadows moving through the bedrooms, accompanied by the sound of
footsteps. It was too rough. We couldn't take it."
     Another soldier, B.J.C., had the misfortune of experiencing a
horrible situation. One night while on sentry duty, sheltering
from the cold within the sentry box, he could hear the sound of
footsteps closing in on his location. "The sound of the steps grew
closer each time. I was very scared, since it felt I was being
surrounded by those things. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't
see anyone."
     This recruit, who will recall this harrowing experience the
rest of his life, was not the only one who could hear the sound of
sinister footsteps within the base. Angel Civera, a young man from
Zaragoza who served at the Cerler base during 1994, was also
witness to another distressing event: "I heard footsteps sometime
after midnight. That day I was that last one to go to bed and I
closed the two doors, knowing that no one else was up. I heard
footsteps out in the hall. No doors were opened or anything. Of
this I'm certain. If there had been anyone else, I would have
heard the door to another dormitory open up.
     This young man also told us of the existence of a large crack
that ran along the building's façade from the floor to the roof.
According to what older soldiers had told him, the enormous
fissure had been formed shortly after the death of the
mountaineering soldiers. During our investigation, we noticed that
the base was built on a slope, which could have contributed to the
natural formation of the opening.

An Apparent Sense of Tranquility
     It would appear that the strange phenomena at the Cerler
barracks have died down over the past months. The fact is that
aside from the magnificent view offered by the entrancing Pyrenean
landscape, we witnessed nothing else during our visit to the
location. Perhaps this silence is due to the fear of some young
soldiers who prefer to remain silent in the face of events which
caused them to feel fear. Who knows? Perhaps after reading these
lines, some of them may change their minds and choose to share
their recollections and experiences.

To those of you who were left "cliffhanging" in Inexplicata #3,
you can now rest easy: here is the conclusion to Josep
Guijarro's superb "Mysteries of the Friendship".

Who Hides Behind The Friendship? (parts II and III)
by Josep Guijarro

     [...] The answer to all these questions might be hiding in
Nuñoa, the Santiago de Chile neighborhood where Hugo Pacheco
lives. The veteran ufologist meets there, every saturday, with a
small group of people in order to "prepare" them for contact with
the Friendship. "They are much more spiritually developed than we
are." he states.
     Pacheco was one of the first to learn of the Friendship in
the mid-Eighties. "Ernesto de la Fuente came to my home," he
remembers. "He was a sound engineer interested in learning if our
research had found the link between ourselves and the space
beings."
     The intriguing character owned property in Santa Rosa de
Chena and a ranch on Chiloé, not far from the village of Quemchi.
That is where he met the members of the bizarre congregations.
Ernesto spent long hours in front of his radio transmitter. The
cattlemen would boast that some "gringos" were purchasing sick
beef cattle for three times the going rate, and De la Fuente took
umbrage at this. Years earlier he had worked as a war
correspondent in Vietnam and had developed certain empathy toward
the Americans, and perhaps this made him feel the urge to warn
them of the injustice. It was thus that he met Ariel (see
Inexplicata #3) who along with fourteen of his fellows would come
into port to purchase provisions.
     The island of Chiloé is certainly synonymous with isolation.
Up to recently, telephone lines were pure fantasy and the majority
of the streets and roads were unpaved. Electricity is notable for
its absence, so it is considerably difficult to find one's way
after dark.
     One stormy night, there was a knock at Ernesto's door, some
15 kilometers from the nearest town. At the doorstep were three
tall men with Scandinavian looks. "We would like to speak with
you," they said. Ernesto allowed them to come in.
     "We are the brothers from the island. We know about you, we
know that you're the owner of all this, and we would like to give
you the opportunity to become one of us, since we need to attract
more people to the ways of the Lord."
     Befuddled by how they'd found his residence, the man replied:
"But I've never opened a Bible in my life!"
     In spite of this, he began collaborating with them. The
strangers wore white outfits and their features were remarkably
similar, as if from the same multiple birth. The men were by no
means Americans, and certainly had nothing to do with the
"gringos". Who were they, indeed?
     Hugo Pacheco was never invited to the Friendship's mysterious
island, but he claims to have pursued, aboard a navy ship, one of
the eight vessels that pull into Puerto Montt on a regular basis
to resupply the island. This in itself is no mean feat. Chile's
11th Region is made up of thousands of islands separated by fjords
and channels which range from a depth of 60 centimeters to 200
meters. Only experienced sailors and military helmsmen dare to
navigate those waters. The risk of running aground or striking the
rocks is considerable.

Friendship Island Described
     According to Ernesto de la Fuente, who actually visited the
island, there is a certain point after crossing the Moraleda
Channel in which the vessels employed by the Friendship are
magnetically guided to their enigmatic island. A entrance amid the
rocks opens to provide access to the underground area, which is
allegedly "equipped with all manner of advanced gear and
electronic devices." De la Fuente was told that all the
electronics originated in Valparaíso and in certain instances were
brought in from abroad.
     Upon reaching the bay, the humans were relieved of their
jewelry and wristwatches, receiving in return an odd bracelet
through which communications and information may be received. They
are also outfitted with very tight white outfits, similar to wet
suits, but made of synthetic fibers. According to De la Fuente,
after all these preparations were over, the humans were guided to
a series of chambers which involved crossing a network of tunnels
leading to a variety of temples. Their walls apparently feature
some lettering in bas-relief. An elevator whisked him down
fourteen levels (everything on Friendship Island is in multiples
of seven) and he was able to see a microsociety working in perfect
order. Everyone seemed involved in some sort of oceanographic work
centered on a hexadecimal computer system.
     Ernesto did not notice any hierarchies. "Everyone seemed to
know what his job was," but he was startled to see many obviously
South American people working in the metal extraction process.
These people bore a trident-like logo on their outfits, a symbol
he also saw elsewhere in the fantastic site.
     During his stay on the island, De la Fuente was able to see
the living quarters of Ariel and his followers, but was also told
of the existence of rooms having different atmospheric mixes and
pressures which had been created for the "Angels of the Lord".
Were humans and non-humans co-existing in the same place?
     He was finally able to enter one of the temples. It proved to
be an ultra-modern location with an old wooden door. Its interior
contained an arch covered in Egyptian-style hieroglyphics. A shaft
of light fell from the domed ceiling, where it was broken into
colors by a prism...

When NASA Steps In

      All of these events and the UFO sighting changed the lives of
Octavio Ortiz and his family. Glued to the radio every day, they
tried    to  glean   more   data   and   clues  to   the   supposed
extraterrestrial origin of the Friendship.
      The family even says that one day, through the intercession
of Raimundo Sepúlveda, the U.S. national space agency, NASA, sent
them a log book in which they were to keep careful track of their
communications. Along with the logbook --a hard covered volume
with the word "RECORD" stenciled on it -- Sepúlveda also gave them
a box of ballpoint pens stamped "U.S. GOVERNMENT" on them. Why
would the U.S. be interested in the experiences of mere ham radio
aficionados? Was there some shadowy plot concealed behind the
Friendship?
      Contact with the brotherhood has been interrupted for some
two years now. The island's residents claimed that the Chilean
military was recording their communications and it would
henceforth become necessary to try other means of contact, such as
telepathy.
     Only one person was able to solve this riddle--the only
person to have visited the Friendship's island and returned to
talk about it, the man considered to be the intermediary between
the alleged aliens and mankind: Ernesto de la Fuente.
     I picked up the phone and called him to set up an
appointment. The phone rang once, twice, twenty times; he wasn't
home. Had he gone south for Easter break? There was only one way
to find out--by flying out to Quemchi.
     This was the sixth time in the past two months that I set
foot in Santiago de Chile's Arturo Benítez airport, but on this
occasion I was in the domestic terminal, ready to catch the plane
that would take me, perhaps toward the definitive answer to the
maddening question: were The Friendship an alien base located in
southern Chile? Were they just a rumor, or on the contrary, some
sort of superpower mind control exercise?
     Over 8 hours of flight time separated me from Quemchi, my
destination. The whole story had begun some 15 kilometers from
this small fishing village. At an estate in this location, owned
by Ernesto de la Fuente, the mysterious intergalactic "tenants"
were seen for the very first item. That was where they purchased
the sick cattle and where they transmitted their message of
redemption over the airwaves.
     It was also true that the only direct allusion to their alien
origin came from the lips of Hugo Pacheco, who had been question
by many when he stated that the mysterious beings hailed from
beyond the Pleiades. Cristina, who was allow worried by the
situation, quizzed the beings on the subject and the enigmatic
Ariel told her that while he was the child of a human mother, "we
are not of this world, but we belong to humankind." Who, then,
were The Friendship?
     While waiting for Flight N4171 to be announced, I lost myself
in the numerous notes of my logbook. The last interview with the
Ortiz family had clarified a number of doubts about the riddle and
had also brought about new questions. In the event that it all
proved to be a joke, a prank by the ham radio operators, how could
one explain the multiple paranormal phenomena related to the
situation?

Strange Phenomena

     "On one occasion," recalled Octavio Ortiz, "we hypnotized my
wife with the intention of transporting her to the island in that
state. What's funny is that up until that time we had no
background information on the site and Cristina described a
subterranean   location,  a   network   of  tunnels  filled   with
technology. Ariel would later tell us that that was how the island
was constructed. It's also curious," he continued, "that during
her hypnotic voyage she was guided by a woman named Elga. We had
never heard of any women in their community before."
     What was truly surprising was that upon establishing radio
contact with the Friendship on the following day, Ariel sent them
regards from Elga. How was it possible for The Friendship to know
about their experiments? Was Cristina really there in an
immaterial state? Perhaps the answers to these questions would be
within my grasp in the southern reaches.
     I was surrounded by a whirlwind of passengers and luggage. My
mind, however, only had enough room for the fears and words of
Raul Nuñez, my travel companion, who before leaving Spain had
warned me about the perils and lack of cooperation I could expect
there...words which would unfortunately prove to be prophetic.
     Raúl was familiar with the surroundings. He had visited
Chiloé in 1995 and had searched for the island in earnest, but the
climactic and geographic conditions of the Chonos Archipelago made
him desist. Would I achieve my goal? The weather would certainly
not make matters any easier. Upon my arrival in Puerto Montt, a
powerful storm forced me to remain on continental Chile and wait a
day to cross the Chacao Straits: would I meet Ernesto de la
Fuente? Would I be able to find some cattle rancher, eyewitness or
even perhaps a visitor to the mysterious island?

Mind Control Experiments?
     "To say that these people come from the Chonos Archipelago,"
explained Jorge Anfruns upon learning of my intention of finding
the island, "cannot be verified in practical terms."
     Surprise was etched upon my face.
     "All those who have formed opinions on the canal zone," he
added, "do not know them. Third world countries like our own are
cut off from state of the art technology. Any person having good
radio equipment and decent antennae can deceive us into believing
any story they tell..."
     Anfruns believes that the Friendship affair is a sociological
experiment from beginning to end. But what kind of experiment? Why
does it involve normal, middle-class Chileans? When I asked this
question of Octavio and Cristina, they chose to reply what The
Friendship had offered as an answer during one of their
transmissions: "You have the right genetics."
     On the other hand, Rodrigo Fuenzalida, a sociologist and
president of the AION, considers that the two main families
involved in the communications were "good people, but easily
manipulated."
     Rodrigo set out to prove it. "I went about imitating the
voice of The Friendship characters over radio and it worked out
well, since I recorded the background noise--"
     "In other words, you can hear the carrier, right?"
     "From the start. I then imitated their sing-song (referring
to the re, mi, do, do notes--see Inexplicata #3) and I called
Octavio and his people on three separate occasions, and they all
bought it. The communication was so good that The Friendship
called on a certain occasion and they thought it was me! They were
very easy to manipulate."
     What then would be the purpose of this experiment? Who would
carry it out? To stay in contact with radio operators 24 hours a
day is not within everyone's reach. It involves a considerable
waste of time, if a joke. The Friendship had also solved Alberto
and Ernesto de la Fuente's finances and had made monetary
transactions, at least to purchase foodstuffs and fuel in Puerto
Montt. Who was paying the bills?
     I took advantage of my stay to check on some of these
operations. It is evident that time flows differently for the
residents of Chiloé than it does for Europeans: one gets the
sensation that time has stood still and not progressed there.
     Some fifteen years ago, the dictator Pinochet sold, in some
cases, and gave away, in others, land in the southern part of the
country to promote settlement. The austerity of the climate and
the isolation (access is only possible by boat) brought the
illusions and projects of many settlers to an end.
     The homes in this region of Chilean Patagonia are basically
made of wood and very humble. The majority of the streets are
unpaved. Cold weather and poverty have made this people very
withdrawn and they appear to be in no hurry at all--no hurry
whatsoever, I would add. Attempts at finding data on the Mitilus
II, The Friendship's supply ship, at the Puerto Montt Port
Authority, finding information on lodging at the tourist bureau or
purchasing some "simple" navigation charts for the 9th Region
became ordeals before departing by boat. Even renting a car at
Ancaud became a sideshow, and the fact is that sometimes, fate as
everything planned out. Otherwise, how could one explained what
happened later on?

Looking for De la Fuente
      I pointed my Renault 19 toward the village of Quemchi, nearly
60 kilometers of lonely road shaded by gigantic trees in the light
of massed clouds bathed in ochre light by the sunset. There, in
this "supernatural" atmosphere, a native and his daughter made a
sudden appearance. The high beams of my car caused them to stop.
      "I'm looking for Ernesto de la Fuente," I said. "Do you know
him?"
      "Who's looking for him?" the native replied.
      The question caught me off-base. I couldn't say I was a
journalist, because this could cause the man to suspect my
reasons..."I'm a friend from Spain." I managed to say.
      "You left the road some three kilometers behind. It's the
Taiquemo Homestead."
      I turned the car around and looked for the promised entrance.
In the meantime, darkness had fallen across the land. I found an
open curve and my headlights fell on three people who were
expecting the arrival of a bus inside a wooden shack. "Is this the
entrance to Ernesto de la Fuente's homestead?"
      "Who wants to know?" asked the older of the three.
      My eyes fell upon the woodsman's powerful body and I replied
what I had told the other man. "I'm a friend from Spain."
      "Some friend." he noted sternly. "He hasn't lived here for
eight years."
      I have to admit that the man's response shattered a good part
of my plans and dreams, but I didn't give up. "Could you at least
point the way? Maybe the new owner can tell me his whereabouts..."
      "Mister Castillo isn't around either..."
     All these negatives seemed incredible, particularly during a
trip in which everything had gone so well. Finally another one of
the men, tall and lean, offered to guide me a certain distance. He
got in the car--I now shiver at my boldness--and drove into a
narrow rural road. Tree limbs scratched at the sides of my rented
car while the tires plunged into the road's muddy puddles. About a
kilometer into the drive, the woodsman asked to be let out.
     "Keep going straight!" he said, leaning on the door.
"Ernesto's house is big and black--you can't miss it!"
     Was it not strange that the man should get out of the car
right in the middle of the forest? Why did he do it at all, if he
was in fact waiting for the bus back to Quemchi with his fellows?
     The car's high beams continued piercing the night and a
valuable recollection came to mind. Thanks to the assistance of
Chilean newspaperwoman Patricia Ruiz de Viñaspre I had been able
to learn that the "contactee" had gotten into debt with that farm
some two years earlier. Then...the woodsman had lied when he said
that it had been at least eight years since the man had lived
there. Why the deception? Was he trying to ward me off?
     The road widened and after a slight and muddy slope, I saw a
glow in the distance. Was it Ernesto's house? I then stopped the
car and the lights went out. I swallowed. This was not the best
place to have a car battery die on me. Strange--the dashboard was
still lit and the engine was running. Why had the headlights gone
out? My hand leaned on the light switch and I passed the crossing.
It worked! But my joy was ephemeral--the lights went out again,
inexplicably, and without my foot ever touching the pedal, the
engine began racing, one, two, three times...this was decidedly
not normal.
     Frightened, I looked around. Only the arrival of a flying
saucer was needed to make this a case straight out of the
abduction books. When the lights at the crossing changed again, I
turned the car around and sped back the five kilometers that
separated me from Quemchi. Tomorrow would be another day, and I
would visit De la Fuente protected by the sun's light.

Monetary Transactions

     "Fate" had some surprises in store, however. There are only
two guesthouses in the fishing village, in other words, private
homes which rent out their rooms if one has the right looks and
the right amount of money. I still remember the looks that Mrs.
Carmen Reyes gave me--dressed as I was in hiking boots and olive-
green plants, with my perspired shirt and my spirit out of place
due to the experience in the car, would I be able to get a room?
     It was then that I noticed a rune hanging from a thin chain
around her neck. "Do you like the occult?" I asked.
     She liked the question and rented me a room. Curiously, fate
had sent me there and led me to Carmen, who was the village
schoolteacher and had known Ernesto de la Fuente.
     "Yes, he was a tall, slender man," she recalled, "he even
appeared on TV talking about those gringos who bought cattle."
     Carmen gave me some valuable information that would assist me
in locating some of the cattlemen the following day.
      Before covering all the farms within a five kilometer radius
on foot, I stopped at Quemchi's port for a moment. A number of
boats were moored there, but none of them was the Mitilus II. In
some location on this pier, De la Fuente would meet the mysterious
members of The Friendship, and this was where they bought
provisions and held forth on matters scientific and moral. It is
important to note that these transactions were made both in cash
and by check. This was how Rodrigo Fuenzalida learned that
business matters were transacted by the Mind Science Foundation,
an American firm! Was the United States somehow behind this
complex plot? Their physical description, at least, was closer to
that of Americans.
      Emérico Bahamonde and his wife were two of the ranchers who
recalled the enigmatic beings: "they were strangely dressed and
had foreign accents." Mistrustfully, he told me that those tall,
blond haired and blue-eyed men visited Ernesto's home. Was the
entire plot therefore real? Jorge Anfruns has little trust for the
entire affair, given that there is no visible responsible party.
In the veteran ufologist's opinion, Ernesto de la Fuente's lacks
sufficient solvency. "His credentials are at best confusing and he
is tremendously fantasy-prone," he states. Fuenzalida, on the
other hand, believes that "Ernesto is a very intelligent fellow"
and at one point thought that a considerable part of the mystery
was of his own making.
      "Look," Fuenzalida admits, "I think that if [Friendship] was
a mind control experiment, it would have been placed within the
strictures of a study conducted by ultra-right wing eugenicists.
These types have always been linked to mind control and
paramilitary matters, and even linked to the U.S.."
      In fact, the Chilean sociologists investigation managed to
identify some of the men who hid themselves behind angelic names.
"Michael"'s real name is supposedly "Andrea Nisbetti" and
according to Fuenzalida, "entered the country using a passport
made out to Antoni Issbeth...the passport's a phony document."
      "So they're foreigners, then!"
      "The information on Andrea Nisbeti," he adds, "was given to
me by an engineer who was in contact with them. It turns out that
there was a scientist by this name, a colleague of Werner Von
Braun..."
      "But he was German!" I exclaimed.
      "Of course, at the time when the Russians and the Americans
divided up the Nazi scientists, this one [Nisbeti] went along with
the Americans, who later lost track of him."
      Could Nazis have purchased an island in the Chonos
Archipelago in which to develop their superior technology and
"improvement of the species", concealing themselves as a religious
sect?
      As this article drew to a close, a letter was received at the
newsroom which added some detail to the matter. According to our
correspondent, who served five years in the Chilean Army at a
radio station in Puerto Montt, the source of the Friendship affair
can be found in an organization with ultra-rightist connections.
      "We were sick of these devils, who often jammed our
communications with immensely powerful high-tech distorting
equipment, which on occasions even produced invisble barriers
surronding all of the Taitao Peninsula and left all boats,
including the Navy, bereft of communications."
     Why should we believe what "Carlos T." had to say in his
letter? Because he offered complementary information to what Raul
Núñez and I already knew but was otherwise secret: such as the
fact that a sailor, Luis Mata, had made countless trips on his
cargo boat to the Taitao Peninsula, transporting CATTLE and being
paid in gold. "Unfortunately," writes Carlos T., "he was a
hopeless drunkard and talked too much about the "gringos", which
led to his eventual disappearance and replacement by Alberto."
     The equally mysterious Alberto had been stationed in
Valparaíso as a ship captain prior to his recruitment by the
Friendship. His present whereabouts are unknown. Equally unknown
is the fate of a number of Israeli Mossad agents, who vanished
without a trace in some canyons far from the tourist routes.
     Nazis, a religious sect or true aliens -- the Friendship has
once more entered into communication with ham radio operators,
coinciding with the appearance of this report and opening a new
field for research endeavors beyond the Chilean border.

Pablo Villarubia wanders through jungles and ancient ruins as
naturally as strolling down a city street. This indefatigable
explorer and author has covered every single facet of the
paranormal, from ufology to cryptozoology, in Central America
and Brazil. INEXPLICATA is honored to present his valuable work
and talent to a new readership!

The Mysteries of Honduras
by Pablo Villarubia Mausó

     Recovering from the consequences of a violent hurricane,
Honduras is a land full of mysteries in its virgin rainforests.
Tropical   Bigfoot-like   creatures,  mystery   beasts   like  the
"arrancalenguas" (tongue-ripper), haunted houses and the remains
of ancient civilizations combine with the exoticism of its still
to be explored landscapes.
     We had left behind Tegucigalpa, the Honduran capital as we
headed along the road to the city of La Ceiba, on the country's
Atlantic coast. Thousands of African palm trees flanked the road,
and in the distance we could make out the majestic mountain vistas
of the Pico Bonito National Park. The sun shone intensely and
mercilessly. There was no indication that within less than a month
one of the greatest natural disasters of all time would bear down
upon that Central American republic: Hurricane Mitch, whose
devastating fury would leave a trail of death in its path and
losses in the millions of dollars. It is to be hoped that Honduras
and its people may prevail over the global weather systems' lack
of humor. Their territory, which is beyond the path of most
traditional tourist destinations, holds some of the most
disconcerting      cryptozoological,     parapsychological     and
archaeological enigmas of the continent. Luckily, its exuberant
vegetation has already begun its recovery from "Mitch"'s lethal
impact, and the population is rebuilding the country with renewed
energy and optimism.
     "My grandfather told me that he ran into the Sisimite around
1912, up there on Pico Bonito. It walked like a man, had a very
hairy body and was very tall," said Don Manuel Mejía, an
octogenarian living in the village of La Unión, scant kilometers
from La Ceiba. His shaky hand pointed toward the mountains robed
in their thick foliage. But what was the Sisimite, really?
     Much like its colder relatives, such as the Tibetan Yeti or
the Sasquatch of the U.S and Canadian Pacific coast, the Sisimite
is another such creature which can appear out of nowhere and
vanish in the same way. According to Jesús Agular Paz, one of
Honduras' most renowned folklorists, the Sisimite or Itacayo
wanders the high mountain ranges and lives in dank caverns,
feeding on wild fruit in the same way as its Mexican cousin, "El
Peludo" (the Hairy One) and Argentina's "Ucumari".
     "These monsters would kidnap women and take them to their
lairs. It is said that man-apes were born of these matings," added
the old man. The story of a woman who managed to escape from one
such Sisimite abode is still discussed among the mountain
villagers: the creature pursued her, carrying with it the three
offspring they had had together and showing them to the mother,
who had fled to the other side of a river, in hopes of attracting
her to her children. Its efforts were in vain, and the troglodyte
mortally threw the inhuman infants into the water. Other Sisimites
have appeared in the Camasca Caverns (within the Intibuca region).
Italian friar Frederico Lunardi, one of the most influential
scholars of Honduran culture, associated the creatures with the
Mayan god Chaac, "he who holds up the heavens, the god of water".
According to Lunardi, within the caves there was a wall depicting
"a hand with all its fingers" and a number of scratches allegedly
made by the Sisimites, who would go there at midnight to scratch
the walls with their claws.
     At La Unión I met with Julieta Turcia, a peasant woman who
confirmed the existence of such a creature, but which had not been
seen for many years. "They're big and hairy. I managed to see a
couple of them when I was a girl, up there in the hills. Their
feet are on backward."
     This curious feature is echoed in the descriptions of other
creatures I heard about in the Brazilian Amazon, such as the
"curupira", who is a smaller but equally brutish rainforest
dweller. Along with my travelling companion of almost two weeks,
explorer   Joaquín   Muñoz,  knowledgeable   about   the   Honduran
wilderness, we climbed up the slopes of the Pico Bonito foothills.
Accompanying us was young mountaineer Rossel Pavón Cruz. Prior to
setting out on our hike, armed only with our canteens, we met José
Saba Martínez, age 70, at the Santa Rita hacienda. " I one heard
it said that there were giants in these mountains, but that they
all disappeared. The ones that still exist are the "pact-makers",
in other words, those who made a pact with the Devil and live up
there," explained the farmer as he swatted mosquitoes off his
back. José Martínez was a child when he encountered another class
of beings, the Sipes, while hunting wild boar with his relatives.
"I moved here when I was 13 years old. I'm from Olancho, the
largest and least-known province in the country, where the jungle
takes over everything. I saw the Sipes in the San Francisco de la
Paz mountains. They're small--about the size of a cipote (child).
Some of them have beards down their knees and their women have
really long hair. They root around in the freshly burned corn
fields to eat the ashes, but they also eat fruit and animals." The
farmer tone was so matter-of-fact that one would believe that
these creatures formed part of the peasants' and the hunters'
daily routine. His descriptions of the Sipes continued: "They
don't speak to anyone. They're black, really black, like coal, and
they walk around naked. When I saw them on the cornfield they were
in a group, so I ran away, since it was said that whoever looks at
them is beaten to death. I heard about cases involving people who
died that way at the hands of the Sipes. These little men are
short but tough. If you go hunting with dogs, they'll kill them
all, yes they will."
     Other tales involving Sipes indicated that the dwarves
possess "feet pointing backward," much like the Sisimites. In
their book Por Cuentas Aquí en Nacaome (Tegucigalpa, 1996),
folklorists Karen Ramos and Melissa Valenzuela claim that the
Sipes break into houses to eat the ashes in the ovens. One of
their informants reported that a man once captured a Sipe and
locked it in a barrel. He poured holy water over it at night and
the poor creature turned up dead the following day.
     Another of Olancho's improbable creatures is the Comelenguas
(Tongue-Eater). "They killed it over there some 60 years ago. It
was bigger than a dog, but had wings and was able to fly. It would
only eat the cattle's tongues. A sorcerer killed it using a weapon
firing "treated shots". In those days, the ranch owners were
paying 4000 pesos to whoever could kill the beast, since it was
leaving a trail of ruin among the beef cattle," he farmer
explained. I had already gathered similar accounts in the state of
Goias, Brazil some 40 years ago and which certain ufologists
interpreted as mutilations caused by the Chupacabras. At La Unión,
Manuel Mejía also made mention of the Comelenguas which was active
in the bleak plateaus of Pico Bonito. "It's an animal that pulls
out, cuts and eats the tongues of cows. It looks like a large dog,
but is bell-shaped (?) and has a long tail," explained the old
man.

The Museum of the Fantastic

The coastal town of Trujillo is located some 150 kilometers of La
Ceiba, toward the east. Bloody battles were fought there between
Spanish soldiers and English pirates; its cemetery holds the
remains of many foreign invaders. The most visited one of these,
in spite of its neglect among the overgrown vegetation and the
cracked tombstones, is that of U.S. freebooter William Walker,
whose dream
of conquering Central America with a handful of mercenaries came
to an end in Trujillo. There are two versions concerning his
death: one, that he died before a firing squad in 1860; the other,
that he was hanged by the British who occupied the area at the
time. Professor Justino Galán, the "official chronicler" of this
community of 6000 souls, lives in the area. The septuagenarian's
home, on a Caribbean hillside, is somewhat unique, since it is a
tin-walled   museum   concealing   veritable   archaeological   and
historical treasures: working gramophones, Spanish arquebuses and
thousands of pieces of prehispanic pottery and stonework are
chaotically spread throughout the location. Hundreds of bits of
ceramic, which are in fact the legs of jars with small faces,
appear to mushroom out of the museum floor. Others portray
caciques, shamans, gods or demigods with their respective nahuales
or "power animals" behind them--animals into which a sorcerer
could allegedly transform.
     "These are the menhir-idols which I found throughout the
entire region, in the mountains. Some of them represent facial
features, others spirals and sculpted geometric figures," said
Professor Galán as he leaned against one of the rocks, the tallest
of which stands 1.20 meters. As in the case of Javier Cabrera
Darquea (the owner of a museum of fantastic figures in Icá, Perú),
Justino Galán began recovering materials from the ranches and
hillsides which would have certainly been ransacked and destroyed.
     One of the few mentions made of the Stone Idols of Trujillo
appears in the 17th-century chronicles of López de Salcedo and
later cited by Italian friar Federico Lunardi in his most rare
Honduras maya--etnología y arqueología de Honduras (Tegucigalpa,
1948). The chronicler indicated that the Trujillo area contained
"three main idols who were worshipped in temples...they were
shaped like women and were made of a green, marble-like stone in
which they placed all their devotion and entrusted their affairs
and cultivations. The idol burned by Hernando de Saavedra was the
closest one and the native priest who took them there did not do
so during the day, since it had apparently been said that the idol
would slay all those who looked upon it..."

A Haunted House

     Many of the pieces originate in the Cuyamel region, taken
from its enigmatic and dangerous tunnel system. "These passages
reach Betulia, some 15 to 20 kilometers distant," Justino
discloses. Other pieces come from the other end, from Punta
Betulia, some 20 kilometers west of Trujillo. "There one can still
find large stone sculptures on the beach, which are unknown to
archaeologists and which I haven't been able to photograph."
     The following day, and at my insistence, we headed for Punta
Betulia. Driving on the dirt and sand road, Justino talked about
my old friend the Sisimite in those lands and other parts of
Central America. "Around 1946, a chain gang cutting wood in the
mountainous area of Capiro caught two Sisimites, male and female.
They were hiding in cave and were about four feet tall. What was
strange is that their legs were backward and their hair was very
long. They only had four fingers and very short hands. The legs
were long and had a hair reaching down to their knees. Some
employees of the banana company, Standard, took them to Trujillo.
I never got to see them, but they were there for some 10 to 12
days. The workers told me that the gringos wanted to take them to
La Ceiba and then to the United States. They would feed them meat,
bananas and other things they wouldn't eat, and they died."
     "Did you ever see a Sisimite?" I inquired.
     "No, but there are still some of these animals in the
Trujillo mountains, because their screams can be heard. Since I've
slept in these woods I've heard them. We have virgin rainforests
here between Calentura and Capiro, and its possible that some of
these creatures may still exist."
     Further along, on the road to Santa Fé, a town inhabited by
the descendants of African slaves, Rufino pointed out some
mountains.
"    Over there, in San Antonio, about half an hour from here,
there is a house that belonged to the Gleenes, a very wealthy
family. They died a long time ago--they were the U.S consuls in
Trujillo and today, the mansion, which was one of their summer
retreats, is deserted. Not only that, its also haunted: One can
hear strange, intense noises, such as the clanging of chains, the
kicking of a mule or a horse, and always at night. A brother-in-
law of mine worked there for three days and was chased away by the
haunting."
     Valuable archaeological remains were found in the mansion's
vicinity, some of them made of stone, such as one with a strange
head which can be found in Justino's museum and which resembles
"The Martian God" of the Tassili Mountains in Algeria.

The Sacrificial Altar
     Upon reaching Santa Fe -- known as Puntiaco to the vanished
natives who once peopled the area-- we met Hilario Ramírez
Calderón, age 43, who confirmed the story of the Sisimite's
capture. His version differed somewhat from that of Professor
Galán, perhaps because his recall was faulty or he had heard it
from third parties. "They caught them with a net. They would only
eat river shrimp. I think a ship belonging to Standard Fruit took
them to the U.S...these Sisimites were taller than a person," he
told us.
     A few kilometers more, bordering the beach on the road until
we reached the fishing village of Guadalupe. These people of
slave-descent, who rarely mix with others, are practically
isolated and living like their ancestors, who were brought from
Jamaica by English pirates. They speak a language of their own, a
mixture of English, French and African dialects. Their dwellings
are huts made of straw and they celebrate, far from prying eyes,
rituals similar to voodoo and Santería.
     One of the fishermen, who was also a boatman, showed us some
of the axe blades in his possession. "This is only a sample of
what existed in the Guadalupe, Betulia and Santo Antonio area--the
nucleus of a great civilization," Rufino noted.
We bargained with the boatman to be taken to Punto Betulia along
with some fishermen. The seven or eight fishermen arranged their
nets and some tied t-shirts around their heads as protection
against the merciless sun. We then set off in silence.
After half an hour, bordering paradisiacal, totally unspoiled
beaches, the sailors left us in front of two houses and went their
way. As the boat went off, we walked on the burning sand,
blistering our feet, since we carried our boots on our backs to
keep them dry. We were welcomed at the ruined house by the wife of
one of Rufino's friends: surrounded by children with bellies
inflated like balloons, chickens, mangy dogs and some small pigs,
the woman told us how the abandoned homestead, just fifty meters
away, was "spooked". "Strange sounds can be heard there," she
explained. "People walking, chains being dragged, screams...for a
long time we haven't heard anything." said the woman.
     Justino Galván confirmed this fact, since he had spent many
nights sleeping on that beach and had also heard the "ghosts".
Walking toward the house, we found one of the sculptures--that of
a metate (a kind of mortar) shaped like a boat, mesuring 1.70
meters in length and according to Galván, weighing over 10,000
pounds. Behind it, there was a masonry chapel with a curious
detail: between the bricks could be seen encrusted pieces of
native ceramics. Further ahead we found a sort of elongated altar,
and at one of its ends, the impressive sculpted head of a
skeleton. "The Americans took the other statues in oxen-drawn
carts and from there onto their ships. There were many tiger-heads
(jaguars). Perhaps this had once been a sacrificial center
presided by the Jaguar God," he commented.

Honduras--A Land of Giants
     Perhaps one of the most valuable treasures within Rufino
Galván's motley museum in Trujillo are the alleged "giant bones"
found in La Unión, Olancho, and donated by the Puerto Menoca
family. One engineer took a rib to New Orleans, where it was
confirmed to be of human origin. It had been found in the
mountains. "Judging from its size, its owner would have been some
ten feet tall," said the museum's curator.
     Proof of the existence of giants could perhaps be found in
the grindstones discovered in Honduras: some of them are 8 feet
tall and have very thick handles. "They must have eaten masica, a
kind of corn tortilla mixed with fish and game. They were very
healthy people, dressed in animal and jaguar skins. Very long
strands of hair have been found in the caves in which they must
have lived," adds Galván.
     Further information on the presence of giants in Honduras can
be found in the works of folklorists Karen and Melissa in another
book, Por cuentas aquí en Sabanagrande (Stories told here in
Sabanagrande). The elders state that a giant used to roam the area
and that it left its mark on a large boulder. The explanation for
his "giantism" is worthy of the folktales told in Spain: the giant
had been a normal man before achieving his colossal stature, but
divine punishment had fallen upon him for having slain his brother
and family. For that reason, his soul and wandering body can still
be seen, but only during Easter Week. Spanish chroniclers attested
to the existence of "giant men" in Mexico and in Perú. One of
them, López de Gómara (Historia de las Indias) pointed out in
discussing the Honduran natives that "helmets they need not, for
their heads are so rough that sword break upon hitting them, and
for that reason, blows are not delivered upon them nor do they
allow themselves to be struck." The explanation may lie in the
thickness of native skulls: Fray Federico Lunardi explains that he
had reached the conclusion that the skull of the famous chieftain
Lempira, who struggled against the Spaniards, must have been of
extraordinary thickness, given the nature of his death.
     Lunardi himself found, on the left bank of the Humuya River,
while searching for curios in a tomb in 1940, a skull fragment
along with "large shanks" (the long bones of the legs) having the
extraordinary thickness of 13 millimeters! The remains were sent
to Buenos Aires to the renowned Americanist José Imbelloni, an
expert in craneology. According to Lunardi, Imbelloni "noted the
peculiarity of the situation, but did not feel himself qualified
to issue a verdict at the moment. He urged me to conduct further
investigations to find out if this case was unique and isolated."
But at the same site and at a lesser depth, Lunardi found other
skull fragments two years later whose thicknesses varied between 8
and 11 millimeters. The skulls' inner surfaces clearly portrayed
the capillaries and blood vessels.
     Did a caste of giants or giant/human hybrids once exist in
Honduras, having a much greater cranial density? Lunardi mentions
the fact that a certain Owens, who conducted archaeological work
in Copán, Honduras in 1892, found a well preserved skeleton with a
skull described as "very thick". Still another discovery took
place in 1994, in the caves of Talgua, 200 kilometers east of
Tegucigalpa. These are the "crystal skeletons" allegedly contained
within a "ritual chamber" found by four explorers. The skeletons
of a number of occupants, completely covered in calcium crystals,
were found within and allegedly had "a luminous aspect", dating
back to before the Mayan occupation of the area (800 b.c.)


The interdimensional theory of the origin of UFOs, once the
favorite of most ufologists, has been relegated to the dustbin
by nuts-and-bolts, spacecraft-obsessed researchers. Here's
another effort at correcting their thinking...

Patterns in the Void: Dimensions Beyond Our Own
by Scott Corrales

      The following account of a possible visit to another
dimension in time or space was forwarded to this author by Dr.
Raul Rios Centeno, an investigator of the unexplained in Lima,
Peru.
      "Several months ago," begins his fascinating narration, "a
patient came to see me about a serious case of hemiplegia. The
patient claimed to be 30 years old but was unable to prove it,
stating that she'd lost her formal identification card. It was a
very strange case of hemiplegia, since upon examination with a CAT
(Computerized Axial Tomography) scan, there were no areas showing
bleeding vessels nor any traumatic lesions."
      When I began asking questions about the case, the patient
told me the following: "I was at a campground in the vicinity of
Markahuasi (the famous stone forest located some 56 km east of
Lima) when I went out exploring late at night with some friends.
Oddly enough, we heard the strains of music and noticed a small
torch-lit shack. I was able to see people dancing inside, but upon
getting closer I felt a sudden sensation of cold which I paid
little attention to, and I stuck my head through an open door. It
was then that I saw the occupants were clad in 17th century
fashion. I tried to enter the room, but one of my girlfriends
pulled me out."
     "The patient was tugged out by one of her friends, and her
body became paralyzed in half precisely as she was drawn out of
the "shack". My conclusion is that the probable cause behind the
hemiplegia is unknown. No medical test was able to ascertain its
cause. Nonetheless, an EEG was able to show that the left
hemisphere of the brain did not show signs of normal functioning,
as well as an abnormal amount of electric waves.
     "Many Peruvians claim having had contact experiences in
Markahuasi, while many scholars indicate the existence of a
dimensional doorway. No conclusive proof of this exists, of
course. Some friends, myself, obviously, and others who have
visited the stone forest can attest to the existence of a strange
kind of energy. According to those persons having a knowledge of
this subject, dimensional doorways tend to open and close not
necessarily in specific places. The patient is currently
undergoing physical rehabilitation in Lima's Arzobispo Loayza
National Hospital.
     "The unanswered question is, of course, what would have
happened if her body had entered completely into the shack? Would
she have gone into another dimension? I suppose the truth shall be
known in the fullness of time."
     Dr. Rios fascinating account was followed up with the
following information concerning the CAT scan results on the
anonymous patient. The test, he indicated, showed "Intact
intracranial regions without any specific area having been
compromised. There is neither swelling nor color changes which may
suggest some manner of trauma. The clinician certifying this exam
cannot find a justified cause for the hemiplegia in the left
hemisphere, due to the fact its vascularization and irrigation
fall within parameters considered to be normal. The EEG shows
areas evidently paralyzed due to the lack of electric current
transmission. These tests lead me to believe -- and this is my
personal opinion, since my colleagues have simply catalogued it as
an "unknown affliction" -- that the dimensional shift, or
"partial entry" of this person into this anomalous zone, have able
to produce a change in the energy flow existing in her nervous
system, or perhaps even a change in the type of energy. Given that
the cranial area is where our nerve impulses are contained -- in
other words, the right cerebral hemisphere controls the left side
of the body and viceversa -- this could be the reason why the left
hand autonomous nervous system did not at all affect the operation
of crucial organs such as the heart or the stomach, which are
governed by the right cerebral hemisphere."
     A well-known author once described talk of other dimensions
as   "science   fiction  jiggery-pokery".   In   the  UFO   field,
particularly among believers of the nuts-and-bolts aliens from
space contingent, belief in other dimensions is considered a sign
of mental bankruptcy. Yet these other dimensions, levels or worlds
beyond our own represent beliefs far older than those expressed by
20th century authors and theoreticians. Religions throughout the
course of human history have expressed a belief in parallel worlds
adjacent to our own, usually accessible only to tribal shamans,
sorcerers or people gifted with special insight. Certain parts of
the world were famous as locations in which the barrier between
the dimensions or worlds was particularly slender, and were known
as places where wonderful and often frightening sights could be
seen, or else as locations where human intruders could vanish
without a trace. Almost all traditions express a belief that there
is life in these alternate universes: these are the abodes of
fairies, elves, and even angels in some cases, and of monsters,
ghosts and much worse in other traditions. Northern European
traditions expressed the belief that elves and fairies took
advantage of the right angles of human dwellings to build doorways
to their own realities (and in turn, Frank Belknap Long took
advantage of this idea to write "The Hounds of Tindalos", a
Lovecraftian tale of extradimensional monsters who can materialize
only through rooms having walls at right angles -- circular
chambers offering the only kind of protection against them).
Jacques Bergier believed that such gateways to other dimensions
were an artificial and supernatural phenomenon created by powerful
forces on "the other side" to carry out their unguessable
transactions in our own level of existence.
     The late Carlos Castañeda wrote that the (real? imaginary?)
sorcerer Don Juan Matus believed in the existence of an area best
described as a "crevasse between realities" in which the material
world imperceptibly gives way to the spirit world and other
dimensions. However, only someone well versed in the hidden lore
may recognize these gateways for what they are and make use of
them. In his book Guía a la España Mágica (A Guide to Magical
Spain) Spanish author Juan G. Atienza has pointed out that the
Grail Epics are in fact a quest for this particular place where
the mortal world meets the undying lands or heaven.

     Dimensional Portals in Mexico?
     Ing. Marco Antonio Reynoso is the director and founder of
Fundación Cosmos A.C., an investigative organization dedicated to
investigating UFOs and other unusual phenomena. The following
reproduces the entirety of a communication received from Ing.
Reynoso concerning the possibility of an interdimensional gateway
existing in Mexico.
     "During the course of our research in the state of Coahuila
(Mexico) between 1993 and 1997, around the communities of Villa de
García, Icamole, Paredón and the community farms of La Azufrosa,
El Delgado, El Milagro and Mesillas, we interviewed a number of
local residents and heard their testimonies on UFO sightings. They
told us that upon occasion they had been pursued by these vehicles
and that their cattle had been stolen from them. All of these
reports led us ever deeper into the wilderness, to a point smack-
dab in the middle of the desert.
     "In an isolated region, encircled by foothills that appear to
be protecting a plateau similar in appearance to Masada in Israel
and Devil's Tower in Wyoming, there rises the upland area known as
La Mesilla. This formation was a marine volcano thousands or
perhaps even millions of years ago. The entire region was once
underwater, covered by an ancient sea we have dubbed the Sea of
Thetys -- a fact confirmed by the myriad fossils of marine life,
left behind when the seabed turned into dry land. Erosion and time
have carved out the location's current appearance.
     "Our hypothesis concerning these mysterious geological
formations is that they perhaps constitute an exit point for the
planet's geomagnetic energy, which is employed by unidentified
flying objects as a power source or possibly even to cross some
dimensional vortex formed as these energy escape points, which
cause a deformation of the planet's magnetic flow lines, causing
"portals" to open. Our group has been able to confirm this through
the detection of a disk approximately one hundred meters in
diameter, having red and yellow lights at each end. The object
penetrated the "doorway" with a burst of white light that lit up
the plateau's entire outline in the dark desert night. We also saw
it re-emerge and move away at considerable speed.
     "On that occasion we attempted to record it on videotape, but
problems emerged regarding the tape itself. These anomalous events
transpire frequently: on the five times that our group has visited
the area, we have been able to make successful recordings at a
distance of approximately twenty kilometers from the plateau
itself, which stands at fourteen hundred meters. Reaching its base
poses considerable hardship due to the nature of the terrain:
during only such effort on our part, we came within five
kilometers of our goal before having to turn back to our
observation point fifteen kilometers behind us, due to a series of
events which took place as we approached the plateau. It was when
we decided to retreat that we witnessed the arrival of the
enormous disk which landed right where we stood, only to rise and
hide behind the plateau, with the great luminous manifestation
occurring next, which bathed the entire area in light."
     Skeptics may simply dismiss Ing. Reynoso's account as
contemporary myth-making, but the possibility that certain parts
of our planet may harbor points whose nature provides natural
"gateways" to and from other dimensions cannot be dismissed.
     Forbidden Books
     Spanish journalist Alfonso Serra tells the story of Spanish
psychic Eulalia Casanovas, who investigated a case during which a
young woman disappeared under extremely mysterious circumstances
in the early 1980's on the peak of Monserrat in Catalunya. Much
like a piece of supernatural fiction, the case begins on night at
a Benedictine monastery, where a young man conducted his studies.
At one point, while doing research at the monastery's library, he
came across a number of old books which turned out to be treatises
on magic. Joined by his girlfriend, the young man decided to
follow the instructions given in the unusual texts and engage in a
magic ritual held elsewhere on the same peak.
     So far we have all the elements of a classic thriller, but
the true horror was about to begin.
     Casanovas was allegedly told by the nameless young man that
no sooner had the ritual started, he noticed that his girlfriend
was ever so slowly fading away from him, disappearing until all
that was left was an amulet she had been wearing for protection
(which--we are to suppose--must have fallen to the ground. The
authorities apparently suspected the sorcerer manqué of murdering
his hapless companion, but their research did not turn up evidence
nor indeed a motive. Did the ritual, in fact, "gate" the woman to
another dimension?
     Now You See Them...Now You Don't
     Some of the chestnuts of the "mysterious disappearance"
casebook have been written off as hoaxes, such as the Oliver
Lerch/Oliver Thomas incidents and the supposed vanishing of farmer
David Lang, which was considered as proof that it was indeed
possible to accidentally side-step into another dimension and
never be heard from again.
     Unfortunately, there are other cases which cannot be written
off so easily as fabrications or misunderstandings. The following
mind-bending case was featured in veteran Spanish ufologist
Antonio Ribera's Secuestrados por Extraterrestres ("Abducted by
Extraterrestrials") (Planeta, 1981):
     On Easter Week, 1976, a well-to-do couple, their infant
daughter and the child's nanny were at Barcelona's Prat Airport
getting ready to take a flight that would take them to the island
of Mallorca on a brief holiday. After parking the family vehicle,
the husband left his family in a waiting area while he went to the
Iberia ticket counter to secure the necessary boarding passes.
     Upon returning to the waiting area, he found his wife but no
traces of the nanny and the two-year-old daughter. The wife
indicated that she had not seen the nanny, whose name is given as
"Maria", leave at any moment, but assumed she had gone to the rest
rooms and taken the baby with her.
     Time passed and there was still no sign of the nanny. The
nervous young mother went to the ladies' room and did not find her
there. At that point, airport security was notified and María was
repeatedly paged over the PA system; the airport was then shut
down and the control tower ordered all departing flights to remain
on the ground while the police conducted a forty-five minute long
search of the terminal.
     At a given point, a humble old woman approached the
distraught mother, gently advising her to pray for the return of
her daughter.
     Before the grief-stricken mother could say a word, two
amazing things happened simultaneously: the elderly woman vanished
into the encircling crowd of onlookers, and the mother realized
that the nanny, holding the child, was sitting right next to her.
     In an understandable mixture of joy and anger, the young
mother asked the Maria where she had gone all this time. The nanny
replied: "Me? Why, I've been here all along!"
     Something stranger still occurred when an effort was made to
take the baby girl from the nanny's arms--the child appeared to be
physically stuck to the nanny. After a prolonged struggle, the
husband literally tore his daughter from María's arms, noticing
that the part of the nanny's arms that had remained concealed had
acquired an unnatural shade of red.
     With the situation seemingly back to normal, the shaken
family boarded the flight to Mallorca. The nanny erupted into
hysterics midway through the crossing, having to be restrained by
flight attendants until they arrived at Son San Juan airport. Once
on Mallorca, the family decided to return home, given that the
nanny's condition was rapidly deteriorating. Back in Barcelona,
María was placed in a private hospital and sedated.
     Clinical hypnotist Francisco Rovatti would later hypnotize
the nanny in an effort to recover her memories from the time in
which she was apparently not physically present in the airport or
in our reality, for that matter. The sessions with Rovatti
revealed that the nanny had heard "an unpleasant-sounding male
voice" summoning her as she sat next to her employers at the
airport. Efforts to go beyond that point caused the patient to
erupt into hysterics. "One could say," Rovatti observed later,
"that a tremendously powerful post-hypnotic block had been put in
place from the moment that María claims to have seen "a red light"
on the floor...this is an extraordinarily dramatic experience, but
any attempts to pursue it would jeopardize the patient's life."
Conclusion
In both Western and Eastern cultures alike we are told to believe
in a spirit world or parallel universe in which our deities, their
minions and their adversaries appear to dwell. This belief is so
deeply rooted that to even question it is an exercise in futility.
However, even when mathematicians and quantum physicists insist
that such levels of existence are not only possible but probable,
20th century humanity refuses to believe that it could well be at
the mercy of forces beyond its comprehension.
