{"created_utc": "2026-09-30T09:30:41Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 21822, "source_ctime_ns": 1790749063065263560, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/interview-4441307bc8.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790749062686331163, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/interview-4441307bc8.pdf", "source_sha256": "d775847f4dfaf21577dfb3e4ff0804b88f148b333e1793371dc116fc1a7cb974"}

[Provided by the author]

  An interview with
  Phil Patton
  author of
  DREAMLAND
  Travels inside the Secret World of Roswell and Area 51


  Does Area 51 really exist?
  Yes. It is in Nevada and was first used in the mid-50s to test the U-2 spy
  plane. Area 51 has been known by a series of names since then: Watertown,
  Paradise Ranch, Groom Lake, and Dreamland, the call name of the control
  tower at the air base. It lies right between the Nevada nuclear test site
  and the fighter base at Nellis. Its where the stealth fighter was tested.


  What is DREAMLAND about?
  DREAMLAND is about the most secret place in America, where strange bat- and
  manta-shaped aircraft have flown and been taken for flying saucers. My
  argument is that most of the flying saucer sightings have been of secret
  planes many of the sightings can be explained as those of U-2s or secret
  UAVs, unmanned aerial vehicles. And since the government wanted to keep
  those planes secret, it did not discourage, and may have actively
  encouraged, the UFO buffs.

  But DREAMLAND is also about the people who are fascinated with Area 51.
  People like Norio Hayakawa, the Japanese-American funeral home director and
  country-and-western musician, who believes that the flying saucers are a
  front by the New World Order; Kathleen Ford, who takes pictures of
  mysterious blobby entities along the perimeter; Joe Bacco, who worked at
  the nuclear test site and paved the road to Area 51; test pilot Bob
  Gilliland, who flew the CIA Blackbird spy plane from the dry lake inside
  Dreamland; Glen Campbell, a.k.a. Psychospy, the self-appointed watchdog who
  created the Area 51 research center; and Paul McGinniss, who traced the
  funding of projects at Dreamland through the so-called black budget.


  How did you get interested in DREAMLAND?
  I became fascinated by the planes produced by the Lockheed Skunkworks, the
      U-2 I grew up hearing about. I remember the day President Johnson
    announced the SR71 Blackbird on television. I don't think I would have
   become so obsessed had I not grown up on a strategic air command base in
   the 1950s, at the height of the Cold War. I learned that Dreamland was a
       kind of monument of the Cold War. But once I got there, I became
   interested in all of the other people who were fascinated, even obsessed.
    Its a place that seems to breed obsessions of all sorts. All kinds of
  people see all kinds of things in it. Its a Mecca for UFO buffs. Its the
  subject of scrutiny by those fighting what they see as excessive government
  secrecy. These are fascinating people. So I spent a lot of time watching
  the watchers. Many of the people I talked to were fringe characters. But
   it's the people on the fringe who do the wild dreaming for the rest of us.
  They resemble the fringe thoughts that one has in one's own dreams. I


interview.txt[01/03/2022 02:51:48]
  tried
  to take them on their own terms. I tried to move beyond the clichis to the
   way the folklore and pop culture of Area 51 reflected the real technology
  and the wider culture of the Cold War, its alienation, fear, and hope.

  Could there really be flying saucers hidden there?
  The point is, if there were, it would be entirely possible for the
  government to keep us from knowing. With such high levels of secrecy, we
  can never know for sure.


  How can you tell what is true with so many different stories being told?
  That's what made it interesting that one place could be the focus of so
  many
  different perspectives and cultures. Looking at Area 51 was an opportunity
  to see a new kind of folklore taking shape. I found that I had to move
  away from the place to understand it. Its part of a wider culture and I
  drove thousands of miles and talked to hundreds of people. So the book is
  sort of a quest in reverse: it begins with a view of Area 51 and finds that
  you have to go to all kinds of distant places, not to mention distant eras
  of
  history, to understand it.


  What is really flying there? What have people been seeing?
  My guess is that people have been seeing stealth planes, stolen MiGs,
  cruise missiles, helicopters, airliners, flares, reflections. And quite
  likely, a new generation of UAVs--unmanned aerial vehicles, robot
  planes shaped like triangles and bats, like ones later made public, and
  maybe saucers. Some of the governments designs have worked, and we will
  learn about these in a few years, and some haven't. We may never learn
  about some of the failures.


  How did you learn about DREAMLAND?
  I was surprised by how much I was able to find out. I talked to everyone
  from Cold Warriors who designed spy planes in the Fifties to Code Warriors,
  Silicon Valley programmers who became fascinated with secret budgets in the
  Nineties. They hid Area 51 inside the software of the Apple Newton, for
  instance, and imagined it as a video game. I talked to test pilots and
  generals and intelligence agency employees, to UFO buffs and conspiracy
  theorists. Information seeps out after years. More will undoubtedly come
  out in the next few decades.


  Quotes on Previous Books

  Made in USA: The Secret Histories of The Things That Made America

  A Selection of the Book of the Month Club

  "A wondrous and witty journey back through time to uncover the histories,
  the little-known technologies, and the marvelous folklore that has become
  attached to classic American objects." -The San Diego Tribune

interview.txt[01/03/2022 02:51:48]
  "Has the sharp clarity and purpose that rise only from the best kind of
  serious study and reflection."
  -American Heritage

  "Absolutely fascinating ... makes one realize just how well we've done
  things in the past and how well we can do them in the future ... a joy to
  read."
  -Walter Boyne, former director, National Air and Space Museum, author of
  The Leading Edge and The Power Behind the Wheel

   "Made in USA is made to order for anyone interested in the fascinating
  stories behind all things American. A celebration of our national spirit.
  The book's timely, entertaining and I wish I'd written it." --Charles
  Panati, author of Panati's Extraordinary Origins of Everyday Things

  "Rating: A. Patton tells this quintessentially American tale with
  intelligence and zest."
  --Entertainment Weekly

  "With a digger's curiosity and a poet's pen he has done for the lowest
  artifacts of life--from easy chairs to the computer mouse--what Hemingway
  did for the sentence, what Picasso did for the color blue, what John
  Waters did for polyester." --The Baltimore Sun

  "Informative and entertaining," -- Witold Rybcyznski

  ------------

  Open Road: A Celebration of the American Highway

  A New York Times Notable Book of the Year

  Forbes: "both lyrical and historical, humorously evocative and
  penetratingly perceptive"

  Playboy: "insightful and witty...makes you look again, and with fresh eyes,
  at something that has always been there."

  Barron's "Like John McPhee and Tracy Kidder...Patton has an extraordinary
  ability to breathe life into the mundane and inanimate."


  ---------
  Voyager

   (with Dick Rutan and Jeana Yeager)

  "Voyager is sure to take its place among the enduring classics of adventure
  literature"
        --Janet Guthrie, Washington Post Book World

  A genuinely epic adventure that's well and truly told.
      --Kirkus

interview.txt[01/03/2022 02:51:48]
  Publication Date: Aug. 5
  Publicity contact: Brant Janeway Villard books
  212 572 2843
  bjaneway@randomhouse.com


interview.txt[01/03/2022 02:51:48]
