{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T13:08:20Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 137989, "source_ctime_ns": 1790100029664097562, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Itufor2009.v4n2.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790100029658368242, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Itufor2009.v4n2.pdf", "source_sha256": "e85cf6ae7327a528a9fe5f51034e76ba5bbd40d952a61ff4ebf9be9f9a764cc8"}

ITALIAN UFO REPORTER
    Newsletter of the Italian Center for UFO Studies (CISU)
     Vol. 4 No. 2                                                                        October 2009

   This issue of ITUFOR is consisting of the English language abstracts of articles and columns in CISU’s
“UFO Information Review” (UFO – Rivista di informaziona ufologica) No. 37, September 2009.

   As usual, we chose to give you longer format abstracts of original articles, while shorter summaries are
given of non-Italian reports or articles.


                                                        Editorial
                                   UFO Periodicals, a Possible Future
                                                by Edoardo Russo (p. 1)

    UFO periodicals are dying: no more than 60 are presently still published all around the world, out of 3,000 known
titles; 15 years ago there were 200 ongoing periodicals, and as many as 20 ceased in the last two years. Reasons for this
sad state of affairs are examined, especially with regard to the role of the Internet, and its probable negative
consequences are speculated upon. A better coordination among surviving serious publications is welcome.


                                       A New Editor for Our Journal
                                             by Gian Paolo Grassino (p. 2)

   This is the first issue of UFO magazine with a new editor: writer and journalist Danilo Arona has accepted the
editorship of CISU journal, after Gianni Settimo stepped down.

   A pioneer of Italian ufology with its magazine Clypeus (as well as the original promoter of a Unified Center in
1965), Settimo was a Pygmalion for the young ufologists who created the Italian Center for UFO Studies in 1985 and
has since been Honorary President of CISU and at the same time legal editor (a role the Italian law restricts to certified
reporters). Now that he is 80 years old, he asked to retire.

   Born in 1950, Danilo Arona is writer and journalist, with a penchant for SF cinema and the dark side of reality,
besides a great number of novels. A UFO buff since the early ‘70s, he presented a paper on “UFO imagery in SF
movies” at CISU’s 1987 Congress, wrote some articles for our magazine (issues 5 and 25) and is co-author of a book on
UFOs and aliens in the movies (“Contact!”, Tedeschi, Firenze, 2006).


                            Unusual Phenomena over Channel Islands
                      Two Luminous Phenomena Watched by Pilots and Passengers of Aircraft
                      by Jean-François Baure, David Clarke, Paul Fuller & Martin Shough (pp. 3-9)

   A translation and editing (by Marco Orlandi) of the “condensed version” of the seminal joint investigation and
analysis of the aerial sighting on 23 April 2007. The complete 109-pages version is now also published on paper as a
UPIAR Monograph.


Italian UFO Reporter (ITUFOR) vol. 4 No. 2                                                           October 2009, page 1
                                               Pictures from Sicily
                       Some Analyses Re-Opens the Debate over UFO photographs as Evidence
                                     by Pietro Torre & Paolo Bertotti (pp. 10-13)

    Four case histories of alleged UFO pictures from Sicily (none of which were viewed by witnesses, but images were
noticed later on the photos), were investigated by Pietro Torre and analysed by Paolo Bertotti, and are shown to be due
to conventional causes:
     - a huge daylight disc at Messina, in the late spring of 1950: caused by a reflection of the Sun;
     - a little man among the bushes at Acireale (Catania) on 28 March 1972: a double exposure of the same film;
     - a mystery light beside the Moon, at Messina on 31 January 1999: a reflection of the Moon itself on the lens;
     - a series of strange objects among the clouds at Linguaglossa (Catania) on 30 April 2000, taken during the
         regular meetings of people around a man having religious visions: odd clouds, a reflection and a small insect
         were the causes.


                                             UFOs, Chickens and Toys
                         The Amazing Punta Raisi Photos: from “Proof” to Clamorous Hoax?
                                           by Paolo Toselli (pp. 14-18)

    The December 2008 issue of the newsstand magazine Notiziario UFO gave prominence to a curious picture
allegedly taken by a pilot on 3 September 2006 near the Palermo airport of Punta Raisi. The article was signed by the
Council of Centro Ufologico Nazionale (CUN) and claimed the photo showed “an authentic UFO of such a peculiar
shape that no doubt is left about its genuinity, since we can find it in a little known drawing from China and in an
English recent photo, too”. The unusual shape was indeed what had caught Toselli’s attention, since he had already
seen it in the Disney cartoon movie “Chicken Little”, a toy model of which was also included in Kinder chocolates for
kids since late 2005. When Toselli reported that in his own UFO blog on the monthly magazine Focus platform on 12
January 2009, polemics became heated on the Internet.

    Details of the sighting had been first reported in an article in a local daily, on 2 September 2008, quoting data from
the Italian Air Force but not mentioning either photographs or a pilot as the witness. A few days later the report was
mentioned (with name and quality of the pilot witness and photographer, but without the pictures) in an illustrated
weekly, which also published a drawing of a similar object seen in China in 1942. On 26 September the photo was
shown for the first time (without any comment, but together with that Chinese sketch) in a national TV broadcast on
strange phenomena in Sicily. After Notiziario UFO, it was a UFO blog on a daily newspaper website which finally
published the whole package (picture, story, witness data) on 19 February 2009. Unnamed experts had allegedly
certified the picture as authentic, excluding the toy model hypothesis. It was revealed there was a series of photos, not
just one, and that an official investigation was ongoing by a Civil Protection committee about the mystery fires
occurring at Caronia (and we discovered the pilot had first given the picture to them). On 17 March 2009 the pilot
witness finally was interviewed on national TV, together with CUN president, ufologist and writer Roberto Pinotti.
Three more pictures were shown and the sighting was discussed for the first time. Pinotti was adamant: “it is clear we
are faced with an aircraft of unknown origin and nature, with peculiar technological features, which has apparently
been flying around the world for several years”.

   On 21 March 2009, Regional Civil Protection chairman Francesco Venerando finally wrote to Paolo Toselli and
confirmed the group had gotten the picture, examined it and realized “the object was of probably industrial origin”, and
“could not exclude it might have been launched in the air by somebody very near to the photographer”. Moreover, the
event had no relevance or interest for the committee, which had never claimed anything. After Toselli published such
comments, the witness himself released a comment, confirming his story and sincerity. In the meantime, after long and
useless attempts, we finally got the whole series of digital pictures with Exif data and so learned some very suspicious
details: 8 minutes elapsed between the first and last picture, only 4 pictures have been released out of 11 photos
according to their numbering. The technical analysis of CISU professional photo-analyst, Paolo Bertotti, is published
here below and it speaks for itself, as well as those by two other independent analysts which have been published in the
meantime. Notwithstanding all this, UFO believers are still defending the case as solid.

                                                   UFO or Toy?
                                       A Technical Analysis Comparing the Pictures
                                               by Paolo Bertotti (pp. 19-20)

        The author is a professional photographer and photo-analyst and released a technical examination about his
comparison of the object photographed in the Punta Raisi picture with the toy spaceship from the Disney cartoon,
“Chicken Little”. The comparison procedure is detailed: edging, angling, dimensioning, gray-scaling and defocusing
Italian UFO Reporter (ITUFOR) vol. 4 No. 2                                                           October 2009, page 2
were applied to the toy picture in order to make it’s exactly overlapping with the alleged UFO. It is clear from the
comparison that:
     1) the building line in the toy is also visible on the alleged UFO;
     2) the fins are perfectly identical in dimension and shape;
     3) the yellow and blue hexagons forming the toy floor are exactly identical on the UFO floor;
     4) the central bottom area and its darker extremities are identical in both objects;
     5) the top tower is also identical in shape and proportions;
     6) lateral windows share dimensions and position on both the toy and the UFO;
     7) light reflection from the UFO is compatible with the plastic the toy is made of.

   The conclusion is that the object is identical (both in general and in details) to the toy spaceship.

                               International Analogies Based on Fantasy
                                               by Edoardo Russo (pp. 16-17)

   Trying to confirm the alleged authenticity of a UFO picture by claiming that it’s similar or even identical to other
ones is a dangerous game. Two strong analogies were outlined by some Italian UFO buffs and students for the flying
saucer photographed at Punta Raisi in 2006.

   The first one is not a photo but an artist’s drawing illustrating Wendelle Steven’s and Paul Dong’s book “UFOs over
Modern China” (1983). But the sighting referred to is just a little nocturnal light moving slowly in the sky at Kunming
on 5 August 1980, described as a “monk hat”. Nothing similar to the huge “flying pagoda” the anonymous illustrator
painted, though the drawing held some resemblance to the Italian photo.

   The second one is a daylight flying saucer photo shown by UK ufologist Graham Birdsall at a UFO congress in
2003, which nobody was seemingly able to retrace after his death. Thanks to the help of Vicente-Juan Ballester Olmos’
FotoCat and of Robert Moore, we got the original article in Birdsall’s UFO Magazine and even got a high definition
copy of the picture from local ufologist Chris Rolfe, who tried to investigate the report: a letter sent from a not-existing
address to a local newspaper with a picture of a domed flying saucer. Both a horizontal and a vertical line were found
by digital analysis by the editorial team of UFO Magazine itself, but (even if you don’t consider the low reliability and
the low strangeness) the fact is that that shape is not similar to the Italian one.

                                       If It’s So Easy to Snap UFOs…
                                                  by Paolo Toselli (p. 18)

    An odd coincidence is that the same pilot, who shot the Punta Raisi photo series, had already photographed an
alleged UFO phenomenon (two disc-shaped lights seen from the airliner he was piloting on 3April 2005), giving the
picture to at least two UFO groups. CUN members Simone Ercolani and Alessandro Sacripanti had an article about it
in the newsstand magazine Notiziario Ufo (February/March 2006) concluding it was unidentified; on the contrary,
Marco Peruzzi (of Project Sassalbo) showed the object was a reflection on the cockpit multilayer glass interior.


                                         The Second Quarter of 2008
                              A Quiet Spring: neither Flaps nor Bolides, less Crop Circles
                                            by Giorgio Abraini (pp. 21-24)

    The April-June 2008 sighting reports received by CISU numbered only 101 (as opposed to higher figures for the
same quarter known at the same moment of the four previous years). It has to be said that the growing number of
reports in the 2003-2007 years was due to crop circles, which were as many as the 30% of filed case histories in some
years, but have nearly disappeared in 2008 (about 10 reports, vs. a peak of 45 in 2007). Geographical distribution saw a
strong diminution of the northern regions (usually nearly 50% of the total) and an increase of reports from the southern
regions (34% instead of the average 24%). Another remarkable feature is the absence of flaps. Meteors and bolides only
give us 6% of reported sightings (vs. the average 17%). As for frequency of reports per months, April is traditionally
the poorest (26 reports) of the year, while May had 39 and June had 36. A higher proportion of cases (nearly 50%) are
accompanied by completed questionnaires compiled by witnesses (they were 30% in 2007).


        The most interesting case histories are the following:
    -    Longarone (Belluno), 5 April 2008 at 22h40: two witnesses heard a metallic noise and saw a white,
         translucent trapezoid-shaped light moving for a minute and a half;
Italian UFO Reporter (ITUFOR) vol. 4 No. 2                                                                 October 2009, page 3
    -    Vicenza, 9 April 2008 at 04h45: two patrolling policemen watched a noiseless dark oblong object with a
         whitish light at a few hundreds of meters of altitude. Feeling sure it couldn’t be any plane or helicopter, they
         called the headquarters who asked the airport at Istrana, confirming there was a plane in that area;
    -    Milazzo (Messina), 4 May 2008 at 20h37: three people in a driving car noticed an orange funnel-shaped object
         they thought might be a plane on fire. They and other drivers stopped and got out of their cars. Some of them
         snapped photographs, some used binoculars while watching a dark elliptical object with a conical top and a big
         orange light forming a surrounding halo. It was moving upward and losing luminosity until it disappeared as if
         turned off after about 8 minutes.
    -    Genova, 6 June 2008 at 17h00: a grandmother and her nephew in a garden saw a dark object with
         protuberances, similar to a spider, moving slowly in the sky toward the mountains. A rope seemed to descend
         from it and was then rewound up. The object closed upon itself like a ball, opened again, then closed itself and
         after 5 minutes was lost from sight.
    -    Bari, 23 June 2008 at 18h35: a university student and his fiancée watched a group of white objects (one of
         them visibly larger than the others) moving in formation in the clear sky for about 15 minutes.
    -    Latina, 28 June 2008 at 00h45: a few drivers saw two yellow lights, initially thought to be streetlamps until
         they realized the lights were moving. The witnesses got out of the car and saw two noiseless amber balls
         coming toward them and passing overhead at less than 50 meters above the ground at slow speed (20 km/h).
         They objects moved around, stopped and restarted, coming down and up. One of the driver got into his car and
         tried to follow the objects, but these disappeared as if turned off after 3-4 minutes.


                                      A Hot Summer in Reggio Emilia
                                               by Camillo Michieletto (p. 24)

   Local newspaper Giornale di Reggio gave wide coverage to a UFO picture on August 26 and 27, 2008. Our local
investigator tried to trace down the photographer but could only gather data from reporters. There had been no visual
sighting but the photographer took a picture at Ligonchio (Reggio Emilia) and found a strange dark shape on the photo
that is easy to recognise as a bird (a very frequent occurrence with digital cameras nowadays).
   A more interesting sighting was reported by a couple driving back home on a motorbike along the motorway near
Reggio Emilia at 2 a.m. on 19 August. A very bright star was visible in the clear sky for about 10 minutes. They came
closer to it and even passed beneath it, realizing it was a huge rhomboidal shape with white and yellow beams of light,
plus blinking red lights on both sides and on the tail. The description is not inconsistent with a plane seen through their
helmets while driving at 130 km/h.
   These are the latest reports in the provincial catalogue of local sightings since 1924: according to CISU local
member, 25 cases have insufficient data for an evaluation, 3 are unreliable reports, 31 are probably or possibly
explained (21 being bolides or meteors), 11 still under evaluation and 4 are really unexplained UFOs.


                                   Last Minute: UFO Wave over Italy.
                                   Unprecedented Number of Reports from Campania
                                    by Giovanni Ascione & Giorgio Russolillo (p. 25)

    Never since the famous UFO wave of 1978 there had been as many sighting reports over the Campania region as in
June and July of 2009. A great number of reports have been collected from frightened or puzzled witnesses, several of
them with photos or footage of low quality (mostly through cell phones). The largest number of sightings is referring to
small orange or yellow lights evaluating in the sky or moving upwards. A typical example comes from Caserta, on 5
July 2009 at 00h38: a man out walking photographed a ball of fire while others stared in fear (and one even cried in
terror). At the same time his sister at home was able to film three different luminous spheres taking off, and got a
headache and vertigo from fear. The common cause for a lot of these reports is the so-called “sky lanterns” or Chinese
lanterns: small hot air balloons.


                                             Research in Progress
                                         Current State of CISU Research Projects
                                               by Matteo Leone (pp. 26-28)

    Matteo Leone became CISU Projects Coordinator in 2004. A first report of his was published in 2005. Two years
later, each research project within CISU had its own poster at Saint Vincent International UFO Congress in 2007. The
UfoDataNet website restyling began in 2008 and a detailed synthesis of ongoing catalogue and research activities was
presented to the national congress of that same year in Firenze, on 25 September.


Italian UFO Reporter (ITUFOR) vol. 4 No. 2                                                            October 2009, page 4
   As many as 26 active projects are presently going on: some are catalogues of UFO reports, others are catalogues of
references; some concentrate on physical evidence, others on social context; a few are concerning UFO-like
phenomena. Some order out of such wide a variety may come from grouping projects according to the four poles of
GEPAN’s tethraedron model:
     - Reports: 8 projects exist in this class: 13 Regional Catalogues (more than 15,000 cases filed; 7 monographs
         published; coordinator: Edoardo Russo), DeltaCat (80 Italian and 250 foreign delta-shaped objects; coord.
         Roberto Raffaelli), ItaCat (800 Italian landings; 2 monographs published; coord. Maurizio Verga), Italia 3
         (1,300 entity reports from Italy; coord. Paolo Fiorino); Operation Origins (more than 8,000 sources; 2,000
         Italian reports for the early years 1946-1954; 4 books published; coord. Giuseppe Stilo); Ovni-F.A. (2 mts. of
         shelves of declassified military reports; coord. Paolo Fiorino); Pre-Ufo (300 Italian pre-Arnold events;
         monograph forthcoming; coord. Pietro Torre); UsoCat (300 Italian water-UFOs; monograph published; coord.
         Marco Bianchini).
     - Witness: 3 projects: AirCat (550 Italian and 2,000 international sightings by pilots; 2 monographs published,
         coord. Marco Orlandi); Clear Skies (300 Italian and 900 international sightings by astronomers; coord.
         Giuseppe Stilo); Nightwatchmen (40 reports by Italian private policemen; coord. Camillo Michieletto).
     - Physical Environment: 5 projects: Angel Hair (177 Italian and 415 international angel hair reports; coord.
         Sebastiano Pernice); CrashCat (200 Italian reports of objects seen falling to earth; coord. Salvo Foresta);
         PhotoCat (700 Italian Photographic cases; coord. Maurizio Verga); TraCat (280 trace-landing cases; 2
         monographs; coord. Maurizio Verga); Physical Effects (440 Italian reports; coord. Stefano Innocenti)
     - Psycho-Social Environment: 6 projects: BiblioCat (more than 6,000 bibliographic entries from Italian books; 7
         monographs; coord. Marcello Pupilli); PhilCat (100 worldwide philatelic UFOs; monograph; coord. Giancarlo
         D’Alessandro); ScienceCat (256 entries for UFOs, 210 for alien abductions, 406 for tools in scientific
         literature; monograph; coord. Matteo Leone, Roberto Labanti, Paolo Toselli); Ufo & Cinema (280 Italian
         movies, coord. Fabrizio Dividi); UFO & Music (213 international songs or groups; coord. Paolo Toselli);
         UFO in advertising (875 international entries; coord. Paolo Toselli).

    A fifth class (outside GEPAN tethraedron) is made of 4 not directly ufological projects, concerning Luminous
Phenomena in the Atmosphere: BLita (Ball Lightning Italian Catalogue: 184 entries, monograph; coord. Paolo Toselli);
EL (EarthLights international bibliography: 2,000 entries; monograph; coord. Giuseppe Stilo); EQL (EarthQuake
Lights international bibliography: 400 entries, monograph; coord. Massimo Silvestri); MeteorCat (200 bolide flaps in
Italy; coord. Camillo Michieletto).

   Given the unpaid volunteer nature of all that work, it is remarkable as in terms of quantity and quality. Critical issues
are: the lack of some relevant subjects (eg. radar cases or photo analysis); an insufficient synergy; a lack of
scientifically relevant publication; the language barrier, preventing international fellow ufologists from knowing about
these ongoing activities.


                                      UfoDataNet: Website Revamped
                                                 by Andrea Bovo (p. 29)

   The original website of CISU Research Projects Coordination was created by Renzo Cabassi in 1998. In 2007,
Andrea Bovo was asked to revamp it. Though its graphical layout didn’t change much, a more structured database was
built and a specific CMS (Content Management System) implemented so that each project coordinator might be able to
update its page with new publications, statistics, etc. According to Matteo Leone’s classification (see above), all
projects were grouped according to five categories. An English language version is forthcoming.


                                 ScienceCat: from One to Three Projects
                                                          (p. 29)

    In 1985, Paolo Toselli created ScienceCat in order to collect a bibliography of relevant articles culled from scientific
literature. A re-organization was recently adopted, and the project has now been broken in three parts:
     - UFO sub-project: Matteo Leone is cataloguing all occurrences and quotations of UFOs in scientific literature,
          so as to construct a legitimate bibliography;
     -     AAE (alien Abduction Experiences) sub-project: Roberto Labanti chose to concentrate on a specific subset of
          references in the scientific literature, referring not just to UFOs but to alien abductions, which have caught the
          greatest attention from academic students (human sciences mostly) in the last fifteen years;
     - Sciencecat.pro: Paolo Toselli is going on with a side-objective of the original project, i.e. a reference tool of
          articles not about UFOs per se, but potentially useful for UFO investigation, analysis and research (eg. witness


Italian UFO Reporter (ITUFOR) vol. 4 No. 2                                                             October 2009, page 5
         investigation, perception and memory, forensic techniques, instrumental recordings of sporadic phenomena,
         etc.).


                                                A Year of Books
                                 Reviewing Italian and International UFO Books of 2007
                                              by Edoardo Russo (pp. 30-34)

   An overview of UFO books published in Italy and abroad in 2007. Ten Italian books (and only one translation) were
published during that year:
    - Solas Boncompagni is the only surviving member of the old SUF (Sezione Ufologica Fiorentina) co-
        authoring with Franco Mari, Marco Marcucci, Lucio Artori and Enrico Baccarini the fifth volume of the series
        “UFOs in Italy”, covering “the Great Wave of 1977-1980” (Tedeschi, Firenze, 463 pages);
    - Stefano Breccia’s “Mass Contacts” published by Nexus (Padova, 424 pages) is completely different: the
        alleged journals of Bruno Sammaciccia, leader of a contactee group very active in the 50’s and 60’s in a
        complex and controversial series of hoaxes and frauds (but the author’s thesis is that it was a real contact with
        aliens), in the late spring of 1950: caused by a reflection of the Sun;
    - journalist Rino Di Stefano has the third edition out of his 1984 book “The Zanfretta Case” on the most well-
        known Italian abductee, with an updating appendix (De Ferrari, Genova, 287 pages);
    - the local Scandicci Academic UFO Group (GAUS) had a privately published book about the famous 1997
        Arizona mass sightings: “Phoenix Lights” (110 pages);
    - another post-modern contact book is Corrado Malanga’s “Aliens or Demons” (Chiaraluna, Assisi, 448 pages)
        whose subtitle “The Battle for Eternal Life” clearly explains the exorcist approach this former ufologist has
        now;
    - sociologist Giovanni Pellegrino wrote a privately published booklet on “Sociological Reflections on the
        UFO Mystery” (80 pages);
    - Roberto Pinotti has his N-th book on “UFOs: the Contact Factor” (Mondadori, Milano, 240 pages);
    - Alessandro Sacripanti’s “UFO: the Unidentified Flying Objects Phenomenon” is a regional catalogue of
        sightings in Lazio (Phasar, Firenze, 460 pages).

    [Two more books were not reviewed, since they were published by CISU:
    - Gian Paolo Grassino & Giuseppe Stilo: “UFOs and Ufology – the CISU Guide”, 96 pages;
    - Pietro Torre: “Catalogue of UFO Sightings in the Calabrian Region”, 80 pages.]

  The only Italian translation of a foreign book was Joseph Farrell’s “Hitler, Flying Saucers and Other Super-
Weapons of the Third Reich” (Profondo Rosso, Roma, 205 pages).
  [Nearly all the above listed books are available through UPIAR online bookshop at www.upiar.com]

   The longer part of the article is devoted to the international scene, briefly reviewing the following books:
    - in English: Mufon 2007 Symposium Proceedings; Noe Torres & Ruben Uriarte’s “Mexico’s Roswell”; Frank
         Feschino’s “Shoot Them Down”; Keith Chester’s “Strange Company”; Kathleen Marden & Stanton
         Friedman’s “Captured!”; Karl Pflock & Peter Brookesmith’s “Encounters at Indian Head”; Diana
         Tumminia’s ”Alien Worlds”; Dave Clarke & Andy Roberts’ “Flying Saucerers”; Philip Mantle’s “Alien
         Autopsy Inquest”; Tim Good’s “Need to Know”;
    - in French: Yves Sillard’s “Phénomènes aérospatiaux non identifies”; David Rossoni & Eric Maillot & Eric
         Déguillaume’s “Les Ovnis du CNES”; Pierre Lagrange’s “OVNIs: ce qu’ils ne veulent pas que vous sachiez”;
         Bertrand Méheust’s “Science-fiction et soucoupes volantes”; Jean Sider’s “Les extra-terrestres avant les
         soucoupes volantes”;
    - in other languages: Juan José Benitez’ “El hombre que susurraba a los ummitas” (Spain); Toke Haunstrup’s
         “50 ar med ufoer” (Denmark).


                                             Meanwhile, BiblioCat…
                                Updating the Italian Catalogue of Book UFO References
                                             by Marcello Pupilli (pp. 35-36)

   Status of the Italian general UFO bibliography. After a first edition in 1989, it has evolved into a very articulated and
detailed catalogue of not just UFO and UFO-related books published in our country, but of every single quotation of
UFOs in any Italian book. The 1997 second edition was not only enlarged to a completely different opus, with
categories, relevance indexes, appendixes, statistics, but was followed by three annual updates. The third edition in


Italian UFO Reporter (ITUFOR) vol. 4 No. 2                                                             October 2009, page 6
2005 had 350 pages covering 5,200 titles for the years 1948-2003. A forthcoming fourth edition is planned in the near
future, making that project a very good example of a continuing work in progress with a team approach.


                                                    CISU News
                                                        (pp. 37-41)

- 30 Years of UFOs in Torino - On 4 July 2009 an open meeting and a dinner greeted the 30th anniversary of the
  Torino headquarters of CISU. The Torino group is much older than that, beginning as early as 1949. In 1977 a
  regional federation formed which merged into CUN the following year. The young ufologists of that time badly
  needed a place where they could not only meet but also bring files and work, so a 35 square meter wide office was
  lodged in July 1979 and that has offered a regular venture for weekly meetings since then. Hundreds of researchers
  and buffs walked those floors in Via Briccarello 6 over three decades. The Torino group left CUN in 1985 and was
  instrumental in creating CISU, hosting secretary, archives and library. In 2002 we moved to a new, greater
  headquarters in Via Rubino 50.
- Where is Research? – CISU’s 23rd National Congress took place in Firenze on October 25, 2008. Twenty researchers
  met discussing the theme “Present situation of UFO research in Italy and in the world”. Matteo Leone detailed the
  present situation of all research projects and catalogues by CISU members [see article in this issue]; Andrea Bovo
  showed the revamped website for project coordination; Edoardo Russo listed and compared ongoing research projects
  in other European countries; Stefano Innocenti gave some statistics from his EM effects catalogue of Italian reports;
  Gian Paolo Grassino reported about the catalogue of UFOs in the movies; Paolo Toselli showed how the publication
  of his book and DVD on the 1978 flap in Alessandria generated a contemporary hype of UFO interest.
- A New Catalogue: UFOs and Nightwatchmen – A new special catalogue project was approved by CISU council on
  17 January 2008. Camillo Michieletto is now collecting and comparing UFO sightings by private policemen and
  nightwatchmen.
- New coordinator for CrashCat – After receiving it from Giuseppe Stilo just a year before, Marco Bianchini resigned
  on 27 February 2009 and left Salvo Foresta the CrashCat: the catalogue of Italian reports of objects sent to fall to earth
  (presently listing 220 events).
- Newsclipping Archive: 2008 – In 2008 we got an increasing number of published articles and news items about
  UFOs in the Italian general press. The specialized newsclipping agency Eco della Stampa (that CISU has been
  subscribed to since 1990) brought us 738 newscuttings, with a second consecutive increase of 20% on the previous
  year. Summer and autumn months were the richest (especially October). Detailed statistics of all known and archives
  Italian UFO newsclipping from1946 to date                      are available on the CISU website at URL
  http://www.cisu.org/ecotot.htm
- UFO Alert in Alessandria – The publication of Paolo Toselli’s book + DVD “Alessandria 1978 – UFO Alert”
  became a local event which the author has been keen to capitalize upon. The book was announced on the 30th
  anniversary of the famous UFO trace-landing case in San Michele (2 September 1978) and local dailies gave a full
  page treatment to the reconstruction of that sighting. The public presentation was sponsored by local authorities and
  had again front-page treatment on 17 October; half a dozen conferences were held at Lions Club, Industrial
  Association and other premises, often generating more newspaper coverage. Alessandria municipality gave the
  Ethnographic Museum for an exposition titled “They Are Among Us! UFOs, Aliens and ET’s in advertising, comics,
  toys and pop culture”.
- “Cum Grano Salis”: a New Monograph on Crop Circles – Though crop circles and UFOs have nothing in
  common, as phenomena, we’ve been plagued by circles since the very first moment, so that can never you avoid
  questions about crop circles during UFO conferences of interviews. The CISU has always filed crop circles reports
  from Italy, the more so since Shyamalan’s blockbuster “Signs” brought the subject of alien-made crop circles to the
  general public all over the world, thus generating a growing series of summer cases since 2003. Margherita
  Campaniolo’s monograph about crop circles is something very different from what published hitherto, moving from
  the specific agronomical field and offering a sober and rational analysis of the subject, showing the role of human
  “circle making” as well as the natural phenomena which are now often mixed up with the real CC. Her rational
  approach “for a natural history of crop circles” caused some hysterical reactions from the “true believers”, when she
  first published its report on the web. But it is precisely along the lines of the reasoning and working of the CISU, so
  that’s why we chose to publish it on paper.


                                             Ultimatum Reloaded
                            After 50 Years a New Release of “The Day the Earth Stood Still”
                                  by Gian Paolo Grassino & Fabrizio Dividi (pp. 42-48)

  The original version and the newly released version of the UFO-inspired movie are compared and evaluated in their
own social context of the times.

Italian UFO Reporter (ITUFOR) vol. 4 No. 2                                                             October 2009, page 7
                                A UFO at the White House: the Heritage of that Film
                                                                       by Maurizio Verga (pp. 42-43)

  The author examines the impact on the American public at the time and relevance for the UFO hysteria of 1952.
Specific saucer features in the movie are shown which later became standard in real-life sightings, just like the peace
message from the space brothers became a stereotype from the contactees of the 50’s and ‘60s.


                                     1952: a Flying Saucer Landed in Italian Theatres
                                                                        by Giuseppe Stilo (pp. 44-45)

   We cannot evaluate properly the effect the movie had in Europe at the time, but 1952 was a crucial year in the
transition from the aeronautical/terrestrial paradigm to the outer space one. In that sense, that movie really was an
“ultimatum” before “Martians” really invaded several countries in 1954. This closed the cycle that had begun in 1946
with the “rocket projectiles” and ushered in the flying saucers in 1947, followed by the globalization of the
phenomenon in 1950 and the coexistence of the terrestrial and the extraterrestrial interpretations. Later still we saw the
unset of the CE-III’s, the contactees, the conspiracy theories about governments and the forming of UFO fan groups: all
that precipitated the building of the UFO question as we’ve known it since then.

   That’s why the Italian (and Latin countries) title for that film (“Ultimatum to the Earth”) has been chosen as the title
for Giuseppe Stilo’s book about the 1952 UFO wave, published in 2002. A detailed chronology of how the Italian press
reviewed that movie is included.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

(c) 2009 by: CISU, Corso Vittorio Emanuele 108, I-10100 Torino, Italia


ITUFOR (as a whole or in part) may be freely copied, photocopied, reproduced, stored, distributed and
retrieved, at the only condition that ITUFOR and the Centro Italiano Studi Ufologici are reported as the
source.

Though Barry Greenwood and Isaac Koi were helpful in reading and correcting a preliminary version, all
abstracts, translations, mistakes, faults and typos in this issue are to be credited to Edoardo Russo, who is
charged of CISU Foreign Relations.


ABOUT THE C.I.S.U.

Since 1986, the Italian Center for UFO Studies (Centro Italiano Studi Ufologici, CISU) has been the main
scientific-oriented UFO organization in Italy.
The CISU is a non-profit association whose aims are:
- to promote the scientific study of UFO phenomena in Italy;
- to help circulate information about UFO phenomena and studies;
- to coordinate national activities of data collecting and studying;
- to collect and preserve Italian documentation about UFO phenomena and studies.

You may reach Centro Italiano Studi Ufologici:

- by mail or visit: CISU, Corso Vittorio Emanuele 108, I-10121 Torino, Italia
- by phone: +39 (11) 30.78.63 (24 hours UFO Hotline)
- by fax: +39 (11) 54.50.33
- by Internet e-mail: e.russo@cisu.org
- on the World Wide Web URL: http://www.cisu.org


Italian UFO Reporter (ITUFOR) vol. 4 No. 2                                                              October 2009, page 8
