{"created_utc": "2026-10-05T06:33:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 37360, "source_ctime_ns": 1790743872898440723, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Ivan-Sanderson---What-Could-UFOs-Be.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790743872894612143, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Ivan-Sanderson---What-Could-UFOs-Be.pdf", "source_sha256": "858874dcace7f9d524bb1f6231b0797d9d2e866ec97beab8c631c8af8b479da0"}

What Could UFOs Be?
                   Introduction to Uninvited Visitors: A Biologist Looks at UFOs (1967)
                                             By Ivan T. Sanderson


   HUMAN BEINGS TAKE a long time to accept anything new. Assuming that we, as human beings, evolved over
some three million years and arose with an ever-increasing intelligence from a long line of less complex life
forms, we have displayed, on our time scale at least, a rather slow and very hesitant progress in gaining
knowledge of our environment. New concepts are few and far between, and their acceptance comes slowly.
    The development of intelligence, which is nothing more than an enhanced appreciation of the realities
around us, was a gradual process—and a very gradual one, at that. However, it seems that, once started, it
developed by geometrical progression—slow to start but gathering momentum the longer it continued, until
today knowledge is leaping ahead by the four-times-four-times-four-forever rate.
    Our acceptance of any new concept always seems to pass through three phases: At first, it is declared
impossible. Then, as supporting facts accumulate, their interpretation is said to be erroneous. But finally,
everybody says blandly, “We knew it all the time.”
    A classic example is the history of our understanding of meteorites. Since the time of the Stone Age, simple
folk were convinced of the fact that not only stones but hunks of metal from time to time fell from the sky.
Several of these hunks of metal were preserved and worshiped by even quite advanced peoples as
manifestations of supernatural powers or forces. Iron meteorites were preserved in the temple at Ephesus in
Asia Minor in ancient Greek times, and at Medina in Arabia centuries before the time of Mohammed. However,
when man first tried to organize knowledge on what we call a “scientific” basis, his then current logic decreed
that the idea of stones falling from the sky was to be rejected, on the seemingly logical grounds that, since there
are no stones in the sky, none can fall from there!
    Today, we may smile at such reasoning. But let us not forget that true knowledge only comes slowly, and
our capacity to absorb it grows even more slowly. At the same time, man is a great “believer,” but unfortunately
for the most part not on logical grounds, and also perhaps unfortunately for him, reality is no respecter of
beliefs. Nature, life, and the universe just go evenly on, no matter what man believes at any point. Thus, when
stones persisted in falling from the sky, the beliefs of many people were terribly shaken. Now, similarly, other
things that in a sense may be said to “fall from the sky” have finally created a comparable situation. I am
referring, of course, to the things that have now become popularly known as UFOs, or Unidentified Flying
Objects.
    Like meteorites, these things appear also to have been “coming down out of the sky” since time
immemorial. They too were for thousands of years quite acceptable to humanity at large and were also
sometimes worshiped. But they likewise were relegated to the limbo of impossibility when we started trying to
patternize and formalize our environment in conformity with our beliefs, and for the same seemingly logical
reasons.
    Then, about twenty years ago, people started pointing out that, despite whatever beliefs anybody might have
about this matter, unidentified objects continued to appear in our sky. Sciencedom (which is to say the
established body of professional science and technology) was forced to accede to this fact. But most scientists
made it quite clear that they felt all reports on such things were misinterpretations of other accepted facts.
However, since no satisfactory explanations of these misinterpretations were forthcoming, they are finally being
forced into the third phase of acceptance (“we knew it all the time”).
    In this regard, the name of one man should certainly go down in history—that of Dr. J. Allen Hynek,
Professor of Astronomy at Northwestern University, who, after nearly twenty years of scientific study of UFOs
Ivan T. Sanderson


    on behalf of the U.S. Air Force, publicly announced before a special hearing of the House Armed Services
    Committee that, in his opinion, the study of UFOs has been grossly neglected by scientists, and that it not only
    warrants, but demands, most urgent attention. And more recently, in line with Hynek’s startling expression, the
    Department of Defense handed the whole matter over to the scientists, with a grant for setting up a research
    project under the aegis of the famous physicist, Dr. Edward U. Condon.
        The question is: Will the scientists led by this new organization come up with any satisfactory answers?
        Actually, while a perfectly legitimate question, this is somewhat meaningless until certain other questions
    have been answered. Are the scientists going to ask themselves what these things could be? Or are they going to
    confine their inquiries to research on what already has been reported? Just how broad a view of the possibilities
    are they going to take?
        A serious cause of doubt arises from the fact that the scientists Dr. Condon has assembled are either, like
    himself, physicists, or they are, of all things, human psychologists, which is to say psychologists studying
    human behavior. If, as I believe the evidence shows, this whole business of UFOs is a biological matter, then
    natural phenomena within the province of the physicist—such as plasma balls, swamp gas, hot-air inversion,
    and “fireballs”—automatically drop out of the picture. I believe that what the scientists are now going to
    investigate is basically a biological matter simply because either some UFOs—and please note this qualifying
    word—are themselves life forms, or they are all machines. If they are machines, they must have been made by a
    life form, though not necessarily an intelligent one, as we shall see. And this brings up some further questions.
        Most of us, especially in this country, have an almost childish belief that there is an answer to everything,
    and we even more erroneously believe that there can be but one answer. But life is enormously complex and
    complicated. The universe is infinite; the number of universes may also be infinite. Thus, the number of
    possible answers to any problem may also be infinite.
        Science, which the dictionary defines as the pursuit of knowledge, proceeds by three major states—the
    What?, the How?, and the Why? Put in other terms, this means that first there is a collecting stage that leads to a
    classification system. Second, a period of testing replicates observed facts with a view to establishing theories
    as to how the facts should be organized. Finally, we inevitably ask, “Why?”
        There is another way of putting this that is today regarded as rather old-fashioned but which is still quite
    valid. It goes as follows: You can’t know anything to be a fact until you have proved it. You can’t prove it until
    you have tested it. You can’t test it until you know what you are testing. You can’t test anything until you have
    found it. And, you can’t find anything until you know what you are looking for.
        In other words, the pursuit of knowledge starts with imagination, proceeds to search, which should give rise
    to research upon which an hypothesis may be erected. From hypotheses comes theories, which in turn have to
    be tested—that is, reduplicated, on demand, by experiment—before they can be proved. Only then can any fact
    or body of facts be accepted with any degree of assurance. Now, you will doubtless say, and quite rightly,
    where does this lead us with these phenomena?
        So far, in regard to UFOs, we are dealing with nothing but reports. Thus, we are still in the collecting stage,
    or that of the What? Nevertheless, this does not mean that we have nothing more to do than analyze reports. If
    we had waited until we “captured” an electron, we would never even have suspected that they exist. It is
    perfectly permissible both to apply pure imagination and to erect hypotheses about anything; and it has been our
    failure to do so in the case of UFOs that has held back the whole inquiry so long. Dr. Hynek rightly stated in a
    letter to the magazine Science that men of imagination must open their minds to the cosmic possibilities implied
    by the observation of this natural phenomenon, so that we may proceed to the vital question How? If we fail to
    do this, we will probably never even conclude the What? Phase of our inquiry.
        A politician once made the pontifical statement that “words should convey meaning.” We all tend to endorse
    this pronouncement but to miss its true significance. “Emerging man”—if I may borrow a phrase—undoubtedly
    mumbled at his confreres in croaks and whistles, as do baboons, and communicated by hand gestures, eyelid


2
                                                                                          What Could UFOs Be?


blinking, and other such means as are noted among other higher primates. As his awareness of his environment
enlarged, however, he found a need for more complex expressions and for more refined means of transmitting
these to his cohorts . Language was the result. This was a splendid innovation, but once started, led to
complications. The more hominids learned, and the more they wished to communicate, the more complicated
the whole business became until today we find ourselves virtually bogged down in a linguistic morass. Just
consider for a moment that some 50,000 words are said to have been added to the English language between
1938 and 1948 alone. And these words just to cover scientific and technological advances!
    When we are first faced with a new field of knowledge, we find ourselves literally speechless. We just don’t
have the vocabulary to handle it. But, being the ingenious creatures we are, we immediately set about creating a
whole new lexicon. And this has already happened in the case of these phenomena of which we speak: a whole
new vocabulary has been established. Moreover, it has become rather complex. We have entered an age where
alphabetization—the use of abbreviation by initials —has become necessary merely to conserve paper, if for no
other reason. With respect to our special subject, therefore, the current state of its special vocabulary must be
put on record before we go any further.
    First comes the matter of the proper title for the whole business. Unknown objects in the sky have been
recorded since the inception of history, and described by a long string of varied names. The earliest civilized
people who left records of these things usually referred to them either in animistic or religious terms,
designating them gods or manifestations of God. Later, they were thought of as auguries or portents of one kind
or another.
    In what we call the Dark Ages and Middle Ages in Europe, the objects were usually referred to as omens—
first of a religious nature but later as sort of sports of Nature.
    In the opening phases of the modern scientific age—the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries—they were
blandly listed as meteorites or fireballs. Then finally, just after the turn of this century, a remarkable man named
Charles Fort took a completely new slant on the matter and rather delightfully named them OSFs—or Objects
Seen Floating—in the sky. This designation is probably the best ever coined, but it never caught on popularly
for the very simple reason that few people ever heard of Fort, read his works or, if they did, took them seriously.
    Thus matters rested until 1947 when an Idaho businessman named Kenneth Arnold, who owned his own
plane, happened to be flying in the region of Mt. Rainier in search of a downed military plane. There he
encountered a group of aerial objects maneuvering at low altitude in bright sunlight. He reported this to the
appropriate authorities, and the matter reached the ears of the press. Interviewed by reporters, he happened to
remark that the method of progression of these objects through the air could be likened to that of a saucer
skipped across the surface of a pond. Immediately, the ridiculous term “flying saucer” was born. Like so many
other monikers, this was a complete misnomer from the first, for the objects themselves were, according to
Mr. Arnold, in no way shaped like a saucer but were lens-shaped or circular ellipsoids. (Incidentally, the shapes
of these objects appear to be almost, if not quite, endless, but the one shape that has never yet been reported is
that of a saucer!)
    Within a year after Mr. Arnold made his report, the government took cognizance of the matter and, it being
an aerial affair, tossed it to the then U.S. Army Air Force. A project to study it was set up and named
“Bluebook,” and somewhere along the line, the items to be studied were designated Unidentified Flying
Objects. This gave us the alphabetized abbreviation, UFOs.
    While the press and public continued to call these things “flying saucers” for many years, slowly the U.S.
Air Force’s term UFO was adopted generally. From that arose “ufology,” which was very early claimed as a
science, and the designation “ufologist” for those seriously interested in the subject and having some training in
scientific or technological methodologies that might have some bearing on the matter.
    At the same time, another whole category of persons emerged. These persons claimed to know what UFOs
were: UFOs were manned space craft piloted by benign space people who had contacted them. According to


                                                                                                                  3
Ivan T. Sanderson


    these persons, the space people were here to tell us of all manner of impending disasters or utopias. These
    persons became known as “contactees.”
        The contactees made a tremendous amount of noise, and not a little money, lecturing on their alleged
    experiences and spreading the gospel, despite the fact that not one of them ever produced any substantial proof
    that anything they said was based on reality or actuality.
        Rather naturally the contactees also led the press, the public at large, and, it seems, the government to take a
    dim view of the whole business and to regard it as nothing more than some crackpot outburst of postwar
    hysteria. The actions of these people certainly confirmed the scientific establishment in its already expressed
    opinion that the whole field of ufology was complete nonsense. The study of these phenomena has suffered
    greatly as a result.
        In the public mind, even serious-minded investigators were put into the general category of crackpots. These
    serious-minded inquirers sought neither the publicity nor the profits that the contactees did. They were mostly
    scientists and technologists, or writers and editors. They formed some hard-core organizations, the first of
    which named itself Civilian Saucer Intelligence, of CSI, of New York (now disbanded), and the longest-lasting
    is the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, or APRO, of Tucson, Arizona, inspired and maintained by
    L. J. and Coral Lorenzen. The other most prominent in this country—and by far the most active, aggressive, and
    vocal—is the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, or NICAP, of Washington, D.C.
    NICAP was taken over in 1954 by Major Donald E. Keyhoe, U.S. Marines, Ret., a pilot and onetime member of
    the Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB). There are a number of serious-minded organizations of long standing in
    other countries (a list of which his included in Appendix B).
        All these organizations (with the exception of APRO), the world press, and most air forces continued to call
    all the aerial phenomena UFOs. However, this is almost as much a misnomer as the absurd “flying saucers,” on
    two counts. First, none of these objects fly as do birds, airplanes, or even rockets, but they do just about
    everything else! Second, the general term UFOs covers two quite separate things: (1) objects, and (2)
    phenomena.
        Thus, the objects may be properly designated as UAO’s or Unexplained Aerial Objects. In other words, they
    are material things, the nature of which has not yet been explained.
        On the other hand, there are reports of many phenomena—other than objects—in the sky. These phenomena
    range in variety from what we can only call diaphanous entities to things that manifest themselves in ways other
    than the visual. These may be designated as UAP’s, or Unidentified Atmospheric Phenomena.
        In this book we are going to deal primarily with the material objects, or UAO’s, though we will find
    ourselves rather frequently forced to allude to UAP’s. With UAO’s we may be able to do something along
    current scientific lines; with UAP’s we are in much greater trouble because, although they are in many respects
    more amenable to investigation by the machinery at our disposal, they seem to involve forces with which we are
    not at this time able to cope. UAP’s are, in fact, quite another story.
        So what are UAO’s?
        The best way to begin is by rephrasing the initial question—“What are they?”—and asking instead, “What
    could they be?” Now, this being a question of possibility, it could, presumably, be debated forever. It is,
    however, an ontological question; and so the best way to tackle it is along the old, tried and true principle of
    dichotomy —that is, by asking ourselves a number of simple, alternate questions, such as:
        “Could these things be dead or alive?” “Could they be natural or artificial?” and so forth.
        Any such questioning becomes hopelessly involved unless you put it down on paper in the form of a simple
    chart.
       Here is such a chart of: What Could They Be?


4
                                                                                          What Could UFOs Be?


I.     INANIMATE

     A.     Natural
       1.     Nonmaterial — energy packets, as in bolides
       2.     Nonsolid — gaseous, as in clouds
       3.     Solid — like meteorites
     B.     Artificial
       1.     Self-contained items — like artificial satellites
       2.     Transports — like freighters
       3.     Auxiliary devices (manned) — like airplanes
       4.     Auxiliary devices (robotic) — like space probes
       5.     Missiles — like bullets and ICBM’s

II. ANIMATE
   A.   Natural
     1.   Life-forms indigenous to space
     2.   Life-forms indigenous to atmospheres
     3.   Life-forms indigenous to solid bodies
   B.   Artificial
     1.   Domesticated natural life-forms
     2.   Genetically created life-forms
     3.   Biochemically created life-forms

      (For a fuller classification of the myriad possibilities of UAO’s and UFOs see Appendix A.)

    We may define “natural” objects as things that have not been made deliberately by other things—and thus
are not what we call constructions. What is more, we cannot, it must be understood, assume that things or
entities that “make” things must be “intelligent.” This need not be the case at all, because mere tentacled blobs
of jelly “manufacture” beautiful corals, and amorphous miniscule globs of protein create the most exquisite,
geometrical perfections that we call Foraminifera, Radiolarians, and such. Are, in fact, these corals and the
shells of protozoan animals artificial?
    If some UAO’s are natural (not manufactured by other entities), then they are of no concern whatsoever to
us. If they are bolides (exploding meteors), funny clouds, meteors, meteorites, ball lightning, hot-air inversions,
mirages, or swamp gas, they are not UAO’s, but what Dr. Hynek and others have so rightly called IFO’s, or
Identified Flying Objects. We are not concerned with astronomical, meteorological, chemical, or optical
phenomena. Thus we may be done with the entire lot classified as Inanimate-Natural in the preceding chart.
    The second category of inanimate objects, which are classed as artificial, present us, on the other hand, with
quite different problems. The very concept of their being “manufactured” implies that some life-form, and
probably one with what we call intelligence, was involved in their creation. The five types of such independent
or “discrete” objects that could come into our atmo sphere are listed in the chart under Inanimate-Artificial.
    Now, it will be noted that we terrestrial humans have already devised prototypes of all these in the forms
noted in that chart. If we have been able to do all this in the mere half-century since we launched the first
heavier-than-air machine, other intelligent entities could have done the same—and at any time that they first
reached the present level of our own development. The fact that we have these prototypes has mightily clouded
the whole problem of UAO’s because we, in our overbearing self-esteem, have until recently assumed that we
are God’s only effort in the department of intelligence and ingenuity and that, therefore, we alone could have
achieved so much. Thus, if a report of an alleged UAO could not be identified as some natural inanimate object,
it was almost invariably explained away as a case of mistaken identity—which is to say, a simple failure to


                                                                                                                 5
Ivan T. Sanderson


    identify one of our own devices of the Inanimate-Artificial category. But this, be it noted, is nonetheless already
    the second stage of acceptance of anything new.
         When we turn to Category II — that is animate, or “alive” — we encounter something else again. This is a
    totally different concept and one that is quite alien to the Western mind of materialism, engineering, and
    gadgetry. It is the biological world — the world of life. And, this is a world that we are only just beginning to
    probe and fathom. Life, and especially intelligent life, is, to the mechanistic world, an oddity; in some ways an
    anachronism, and in many ways a pest. It does not subscribe to the neat little laws and principles of physics, and
    its chemistry is at first sight all awry. It has its own mechanics, and it tails off into the hazy and, to a physicist,
    illogical netherworld of mentality where there appear to be quite different sets of rules. This is most disturbing
    even to most biologists. The very idea of an animated machine or of a mechanical animal is impossible to
    conceive by the average person. Even the mathematician stands aghast at some of the things that life does.
         When the average person is asked to contemplate “life,” he immediately thinks of an animal, and of life as
    being an estate in which entities exist as we do. As one highly intelligent, literary man with solid scientific
    training put it to me when discussing exobiology, “Oh, you mean born like we are, and all that.” The average
    person hardly considers even plants as being “alive,” and the much vaster world of protozoans and protogeans is
    to them as “dead” or inanimate as are rocks and crystals. Yet life is everywhere and there is even more than a
    hint that everything may be alive — even electrons, our planet, and the universe itself.
         To define life today is well-nigh impossible, and it may be the only true and ultimate impossibility. There
    are viruses that are animate in one generation and inanimate in the next. There are highly complex organisms
    distantly related to spiders that can be desiccated to crystallization and then “come back to life” — and at our
    wish — simply by being doused with water. There is even evidence that every “thing” has some degree of
    “volition” — an attribute that we had until recently thought to be the prerogative only of life-forms. The variety
    of life-forms found even on this, our own, tiny, insignificant planet is so great that mere contemplation of some
    of them is almost more than a biologist can stand. What forms life could take elsewhere is quite beyond the
    grasp of our materialist outlook, because their variety is probably infinite.
         When, then, all the excitement over the mild suggestion that there could be life-forms indigenous to what we
    call space, or to the upper, more rarified atmospheres of planets and other astronomical bodies, including our
    own? The idea may make physicists, chemists, engineers, an even biologists uneasy, but there is nothing
    illogical, irrational, or even improbable about it. In fact, it is so probable that it must be given first rank in
    consideration of the question, “What could UAO’s be?” And this brings us to the troublesome thought of
    unknown life-forms indigenous to our Earth.
         This is, frankly, a point that I would have preferred to dispense with entirely. However, on the grounds of
    mere honesty, let alone consistency and logic, it must at least be considered. It falls into two parts, one more
    weird than the other. The two suggestions are — and they have been made repeatedly throughout history, and
    by all manner of people — that hidden, unseen, or seldom-seen creatures that can soar into the sky dwell either
    (1) under the earth, in natural or constructed caves, and/or (2) on the bottoms of seas and oceans.
         The former notion involves wild, esoteric beliefs in lost subterranean civilizations with outlets to the surface
    of the earth by various “Open Sesame”-type doors; with trolls, witches, and little creatures called Deros who are
    supposed to live deep inside the earth; with fairies, pixies, and pookas who can walk into solid hills. This is a
    world of myth and belief in which you can lose your mind, and is, for that very reason, a serious menace to any
    proper investigation of the UAO problem.
         The other suggestion, that of a submarine origin for UAO’s, is of quite another ilk. At first it sounds equally
    wacky, but there is a really surprising amount of “evidence” — and from many different sources, some of them
    strictly scientific — that forces one to at least consider the suggestion quite seriously. The degree of possibility
    here is really rather high, for there is an unexpectedly large number of mariners and others intimately connected


6
                                                                                          What Could UFOs Be?


with the sea who have asserted that objects of an unidentified nature not only dwell in the oceans but are seen to
enter them from, and rise from them into, the atmosphere.
    Finally, we come to classification II-B, or Animate-Artificial. This is the category that almost everybody
gags on, and not only because of the efforts of the science-fiction writers with their clanking robots and
indestructible androids. The idea of animated machines and/or mechanical “animals” is almost too much to ask
even a sophisticated biologist to consider. But, I would point out that, what with the computer designers on the
one hand, and the biochemists who are investigating the chemistry of genetics on the other, we are on the
threshold of just such a world if we are not already in it. Let us shed some of our traditional beliefs and sit down
to contemplate seriously and try to understand this, to us, fantastic world. Now the stage is set for our inquiry.
    But, this setting is probably quite other than that which you expected for, instead of launching upon a
voyage into the outer world of cosmology, physics, mechanics, and space-travel, we find that we are already
searching in the even more complex world of life. In fact, since Inanimate Natural objects are of no interest or
concern to us, our whole inquiry becomes of a biological nature, for even artificial inanimate objects — that is,
machines and other constructions — are an expression of life, and are quite meaningless of themselves except
as gadgets used by other life-forms. And this, I personally contend, is the crux of the whole ufological problem,
because many UAP’s as well as the UAO’s seem to display features of animation, volition, and control by
intelligence. Today, not only are we on our first (physical) leg into space, we are about to learn our first true
lesson about life. Thus, by asking the simple question, “What could UFOs be?” we find that we have opened a
sort of Pandora’s box of further questions, each of which will be taken up in the subsequent chapters.


                                                                                                                  7
