{"created_utc": "2026-09-30T18:12:49Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 17685, "source_ctime_ns": 1790791135212296539, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Jacques-Vallee---Foreword-to-Richard-Dolans-UFOs-and-the-National-Security-State.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790791135211474953, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Jacques-Vallee---Foreword-to-Richard-Dolans-UFOs-and-the-National-Security-State.pdf", "source_sha256": "f014c271d86b812ee9aea5d034e511a4cb2642419cf7e7a8c552a4a9be571c84"}

UFOs and the National Security State – by Richard Dolan
                            Foreword by Jacques F. Vallee, Ph.D.


The important book you are about to read is the first comprehensive study of the U.S. government’s
response to the intrusion of UFO phenomena in American skies over the last 50 years. While several
historical studies of the controversies surrounding the reports have been conducted, the military and
intelligence implications have, until now, remained in a state of confusion.

As a longtime student of the phenomenon I can testify to the complexity of the data Richard Dolan had
to decipher. The U.S. Air Force itself, overtly the main contender in this drama, never attempted to
compile a comprehensive history of its own files on the matter. When I reviewed the 11,000 cases in
the Air Force files between 1963 and 1967, the military had no index of that data. The most cogent
participants, such as Captain Edward Ruppelt and professor J.Allen Hynek, did write about what they
had done but they left many undocumented areas. Interested outsiders picked up the pieces of the
various projects, and presented personal interpretations of what had happened. Understandably, the
result was a vibrant melange of facts, fiction and subjective interpretations, which has led to the wildly
conflicting theories the media love to exploit.

Even the White House was unable to reconstruct the full picture when President Jimmy Carter
instructed NASA to undertake a review UFO information in the late seventies. A Washington wag
described the space agency’s reaction to this presidential order as “a flurry of alarmed paralysis.” At
the height of the Carter effort a small group of us from various research institutes and universities
volunteered to help. I vividly recall a meeting I had with a high-level official at the Office of Science
and Technology Policy, across the street from the White House in September 1977. I tried to convey
to him that we had experts all across the U.S. who were ready, willing, and able to get involved in
NASA’s review of the phenomenon if they were given a green light. He listened to me sympathetically
but expressed discouragement about what he saw as “an impossible political situation.” Discussion
turned to the fact that the CIA and the Air Force, as well as several other agencies, must have entire
file cabinets filled with reports from their own people, if only because the phenomenon is known to
trigger the kinds of sensors that have been deployed to detect enemy threats during the Cold War. I
was told there was plenty of data all right, collected by the military and intelligence community, but it
“never saw the light of day.” The White House might force some of it to be released, he told me, but
that might not advance the problem: “Those guys twist everything to suit their own political schemes.
It’s like pulling teeth to get data, and you never know if they tell you the truth.”

It is in this murky world of deception and confusion that Richard Dolan has now cast a welcome light.
But it will take a sustained effort along the lines he has pioneered if we hope to validate the facts,
uncover the motives, and reconstruct the patterns. In order to conduct this analysis it is very important
to take notice of what is NOT there: The missing parts of the overall puzzle. What is not there
constitutes a world of heroic complexity and immense proportion.

I had a vivid example of this fact, on a much smaller scale, when I unearthed a secret letter from a
Battelle scientist named Cross, who had written to the CIA at the time of the Robertson panel in
1953. (I have referred to this document in my previous books as the “Pentacle Memorandum”). To
this day there are ufologists who claim the letter was unimportant. Yet there are indications it may
represent the point of major bifurcation when the most serious part of the official study plunged
underground while Blue Book continued as a public relations exercise, the visible effort by the military
to gather UFO reports from American citizens.

The experience of tracking down that single document makes me appreciate the delicate nature and
the sheer difficulty of the task undertaken by Richard Dolan in compiling the present book.

The Cross letter was significant because it implied that a group of specialists working in the shadows
on the most massive UFO study to date had the power to keep critical information from a prestigious
national security panel. Furthermore they had another plan, a brilliant project of far-reaching
implication, which they proposed to implement as a way of getting to the heart of the phenomenon. I
had a copy of that letter. It was stamped Secret. I knew its exact origin. Yet all the efforts I made to
unearth an official copy from the Air Force or the National Archives through the Freedom of
Information Act failed to yield results. It is finally through Congress that I obtained clearance to release
the text. The process has given me a sobering view of the ability of the bureaucracy to hide the truth
for decades, occasionally using the colorful community of UFO believers itself as an unwitting tool as it
covered its tracks. To this day I am convinced that historians of the phenomenon have remained blind
to some of the implications. It is my hope that books like the present one can stimulate a renewed
effort to get at the truth.

Like the “missing mass” that astronomers are trying to locate in the far reaches of our universe, the
UFO phenomenon rests on an ocean of dark matter, deep secrets, and forgotten wars fought only in
shadows. Not all of it had to do with the kind of objects the American public imagines UFOs to be.
Some of the warriors seem to have understood, early on, that if UFOs existed as a genuine new
phenomenon of intelligent origin, this fact did not necessarily mean they were from outer space. And
other warriors may have decided that the belief in the reality of UFOs could be twisted, exploited, and
bent to obscure political ends. They may have planted false UFO stories to hide real experiments.
They may have disguised helicopters as flying saucers, or lied to witnesses at sites where advanced
prototypes had crashed, never to be divulged again. No wonder even White House officials get
confused when they try, years later, to reassemble the facts.

As we ponder the implications we are led, inexorably, to a much larger issue. As anyone learns who
has become a naturalized United States citizen, the rock upon which American democracy is built is
“an informed citizenry.” Without full information, how would you know how to vote? And if you didn’t
know how to vote, could you still pretend you lived in a democracy?

In the last fifty years the various branches of the military and intelligence community in the United
States have so clouded the reports of the UFO phenomenon that the citizenry has been left not just
uninformed but indeed disinformed. This may not have been the intent, but it is indeed the result. Those
who truly care about democracy are justified in asking that the government come clean about what it
knows, and – most importantly perhaps – what it doesn’t know about a phenomenon of such far-
reaching consequences for our science and our society.

All efforts to break open the mystery so far have made the assumption that the “big secret” merely
involves extraterrestrial spacecraft put together with metal and rivets. This partial view is supported by
the many instances in which UFOs have been seen by pilots, photographed, and tracked on radar.
Yet modern physical theory opens up a much wider, richer spectrum of hypotheses for objects that
might blink in and out of perception, impact the consciousness of witnesses, accelerate without
creating sonic booms, change shape and merge with one another dynamically. Concepts of higher
dimensionality, once on the fringes of physics, have entered the mainstream of science. Given what we
know about the universe today, it is irrational to assume it can be described with only three dimensions
of space and one dimension of time.

The UFO witnesses are telling us they have experienced objects of vast complexity that challenged
their sense of reality. Such observations are anomalous in the narrow sense of the classical physics we
learn in school, but they may help build a conceptual framework for the physics of the twenty-first
century. It is all the more important then, as Richard Dolan points out, to make a precise assessment
of what the most reliable witnesses have observed, and to seriously start looking for the missing parts
of this famous puzzle. UFOs have been with us since the beginning of recorded history. Could they be
trying to tell us who we are, and what true place we are destined to occupy in the universe?

                                       ____________________
