{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-07T03:12:16Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 133890, "source_ctime_ns": 1788522796899693944, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Kalamazoo-Flying-Saucer-Study-Club---No-09.PDF", "source_mtime_ns": 1788522796844118290, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Kalamazoo-Flying-Saucer-Study-Club---No-09.PDF", "source_sha256": "d27670957062ad3c7f5d44cfab36b3c9f26f9de7853443b142db0753ebf301f9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 560, "chars": 3487, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE KALAMAZOO FLYING SAUCER STUDI CLUB DULLETIN NO. 9 - JUNE 1957
Co Ro I. F. O ORBIT DISCONTINUES PUBLICATION
Ieonard Stringfield (Cincinnati) announced discontinuance of his publication
well-known among saucer circles as the "orbit". Reasons increasing costs in publican
tion, pressures on private life and business responsibilities. Another deciding fac-
tor, in Mr, Stringfield's own words: "... is that "Orbit" - its format, policies,
theories, etco, - seems to be out of character with the beliefs and principles of
snucer dom's growing coterie of demagogues, extremists and sensation hunters.
seems, too,
that to prosper in civilian research one must show sympathy with all
the astronauts who frequently slip off to Mars or Pluto and come back with tondrous
tales of omiscient races who want to help us poor earthlings.
Others who seem to
prosper do so by errant, pixie-like personalities.
Such rubs off in their writings
or lectures and by this they sell themsalves or subscriptions rather than honesta
to-goodness work. Then there are those who peddle only thei sensational inside stiff!
- or a vitriolic hate for the Air Force. Following none of these courses, Orbit soon
got the cold shoulder in some quarters, and in others became the target of smear and
surreptious sniping. For about a year
the writer ignored all the snubs and snipes
but when it began to appear that subscriptions were dropping off in the midst oi a
new era wherin personalities dominated research, it seemed high time for a change...
It is now obvious that Orbit is 'over the hill! in this new ere-- its usefulness and
prestige gonelc
FEDERATION SECRETARY TO SPEEK AT JUNE 21st MEETING
In keeping with the theme of the above on Orbit, Mr. Don Wysocki, secretary of
the Michigan Flying Saucer Federation, will speak to us in person with elaboration
on the problems, trends and future of
serious UFO research groups.
Mr. Wysocki is
also an official of the Interplanetary Relations group in Detroit and editor of the
'Visitor', one of Michigans' two saucer publications.
This subject is an important
one and all are urged to be present if possible. The meeting will be held in the '
conference room of the First National Bank at Crosstown Parkway Branch, on Friday a
June 21, 1957 at 8300 pom.
FLYING SAUCER CONVENTION - DETROII, MICHIGAN, JUNE 29
Big news thismonth is the forth coming convention of the Michigan Flying Saucer
Federation Convention.
The date is Saturday, June 29th, It will begin at 1 in the
afternoon with an Open House Social, sponsored jointly by the Interplanetary Relations
only on r la co be hold.
group and the interplanetary Foundation. It is to be held at the Women's Federation
Building at 2nd and Hancock in the upstairs Auditorium, We expect to have a number
of well lown Saucer Researchers, men who have had Saucer contacts there to speak to
yolla
At 8:00 pomo - Saturday nite - the Foundation will present Mr. George Adamski.
Mr. Adamski has moving pictures of saucers which he has taken in Mexico and California
which he will show at the lecture. The evening session will NOTBE OPEN IO THE PUBLIC
- OnLy those who are members of the various Michigan Saucer Groups, guests from out
of State Saucers Groups and those who have been active in saucer work, will be invited.
The price is $1,50 including tax - all proceeds to go towards the school for Universal
Tickets will be sold at the door.
LARRY MASSIE COLLECTION
ZHANG LEGACY COLLECTIONS CENTER
WESTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 107, "chars": 725, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Of the fazen ob shop and darragon tea a rinstons eture were through the courtesy
Read: Top Secret Magazine - August 1957
The article calledy The Flying Saucer Conspiracy - by John Lewis Carver
~ 35฿
The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects by Jo Wo Ruppelt, former head
of the Urited States Air Force project, investigating flying saucers - 338
- both available now at Garrisons News Agencya
Flying Saucers from other Worlds - 35$
The KESSC is a member of the Michigan Flying Saucer Federation
The Athena Book Shop has in stock how or can put on order any of the
Flying Saucer Books.
K.F.S.S.C.
630 Marion Ave.
Kalamazoo, Michigan
!...
!:.
LARRY MASSIE COLLECTION
ZHANG LEGACY COLLECTIONS CENTER
WESTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY
