{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-07T09:06:35Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 145186, "source_ctime_ns": 1788555478092901173, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Kalamazoo-Flying-Saucer-Study-Club---No-08.PDF", "source_mtime_ns": 1788555478072630424, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Kalamazoo-Flying-Saucer-Study-Club---No-08.PDF", "source_sha256": "9ea7bf3e3d6653e20cfcbd13dc7d35da02ef147706e7f9a28f86bdb3807ebbf8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 674, "chars": 3917, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE KALAMAZOO FLYING SAUCER STUDY CIUB BULLETIN NO. 8 - MAY 1957
UFO and the BIBLE by the Rev. John H, Brinson will be the theme of the May 17th
meeting to be held in the main auditorium of the Peoples Church, Park and Lovell
Streets at 8:00. There will be no admission charged. The general public is
invited, the first such meeting to be held by our group.
Flying saucers is not just the subject of space ships from other woulds. It is
not
as mechanical and "pat" as that.
spacemen as an avenue of expression, so to speak, which 1s not purely mechanistic
and which has spiritual overtones. .You might even say it has religious overtones.
Ine Ilying saucers are in their "heavens",
but so is God and God's laws. Before
you scoff at this sort of interpretation of UFO phenomena, stop and think awhile:
If man were created on other worlds, isn't it reasonable to assume that he has
a relationship to man on this planet?
when a space ship comes to us from another
vorla, does It just mean the visit of a machine? No, it is the visit of one of
our brothers.
If he is a man,
"he belongs to the brotherhood of man.
The implica.
tions here are pretty terrific.
Certainly not all planets are advanced to the same stage.
Some may be behind
us, many must be ahead of us - even millions of years.
Consider what our
science has achieved since 1901. What then must be the science knowledge of a race
of men who are 10,000 years beyond that stage? How would that advanced scientific
knowledge fit into our world?
It does not take more than a moment of thought to
realize that it might not fit at all! Our visitors, being so much further advanced,
would know it wouldn't fit.
But since we have advanced quite far, to the stage where our science can destroy our
very planet, and perhaps even seriously effect others, we are, to these advanced
people, children with dangerous toys who bear watching (at the very least), and
firm control and restriction. If our atom bombs do effect other worolds, we are
responsible, and if we do not control our own actions, we may well find them controll-
ed for us.
There are those who have other explanations for the flying saucers.
Some very
mystical explanations.
They point to the Bible, If we believe in the Bible . and
why shouldn't we?.- then there is a direct connection with Bible times and our own
time. it flying saucers inhabit outer space, it is now time that we find a factual
confirmation of the whole matter, If flying
saucers inhabit outer space, they must
have some kind of Celestial Character, they should have same place in the total
harmony of God. We know about - the quotation from the Bible "My Fathers' house
has many mansions"
» all the planets and universe in outer space are there for a good
They are not just dead.
They are the planets from which
these space people come.
This clear understanding of things as they are and as they
will be, is for our comforto.
Though for centuries men have generally accepted the moral teachings of the Bible,
they have in the mean time doubted, and questioned the mysteries and miracles
contained therin.
For this reason
science and religion have each gone their
separate ways.
Now science is daily unfolding new almost unbelievable miracles and
yet have just
begun to scratch the surface.
A brief account of data already compiled by UFO (Unidentified Flying Objects)
researchers suggests a new scientific approach with a new interest to a study of
the Bible. Could angels of the Bible really be superior beings from another world
in Gods!
great universe? Would it be logical to assume that when God created the
heavens that he also created other planets that are inhabited? Were Ezekiels'
vision of wheels within wheels and
Elijahs' chariot of fire a flying saucer from
another planet? What gives us
the right to assume, that we are the only planet
LARRY MASSIE COLLECTION
ZHANG LEGACY COLLECTIONS CENTER
WESTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 169, "chars": 1064, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
inhabited? Ihe Rev. John He Brinson in his lecture on the UFO and the Bible will
cover much of the material available on the two related subjects and will present it
fron the researchers viewpoint. Having both read much and listened to many indiv..
iduals who say they have seen and made personal contact with interplanetary space
people, and having been for many years an ardent student of the Bible and various
methods of Bible interpretation, Nr. brinson is expected to present a very interest
ing discussion. There will be opportunity for questions at the close of the lecture.
TAPE RECORDED MEETING - MAX 24, 1957
A tape recording of a lecture by Desmond leslie will be played in the conference
room of the first National Bank at the Crosstown Parkway Branch, on Friday,
May 2uth, at 8:00 p.mo Desmond Leslie is best known for his historical reasearch
portion of the first book by George Adamski colled "Flying Saucers Have Landed",
KFSSC
630 Marian Ave.
Kalamazoo,
Michigan
LARRY MASSIE COLLECTION
ZHANG LEGACY COLLECTIONS CENTER
WESTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY
