{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T06:55:02Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 56554, "source_ctime_ns": 1790178124600031699, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Keyhoe-Donald---extract-from-Sign-Historical-Group-Proceedings-1999-edited-by-Thomas-Tulien.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790178124597802006, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Keyhoe-Donald---extract-from-Sign-Historical-Group-Proceedings-1999-edited-by-Thomas-Tulien.pdf", "source_sha256": "5d27c09eeacdcf1648e74400146f4ccfa365b076f3831433ab9565d2d4f46dc9"}

Proceedings of the UFO History Workshop


The Donald E. Keyhoe Archives

      Fund for UFO Research, Inc., P. O. Box 277, Mount Rainier, MD 20712
    Phone or fax: (301)-779-8683.

Description:
The Donald E. Keyhoe Archives comprises printed and audiovisual records (including correspondence, personal records,
published articles, books) about Keyhoe, the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), UFO his-
tory in general, James E. McDonald, and J. Allen Hynek.
The material by and about Keyhoe fills approximately 5 file cabinet drawers or file boxes about 3 feet deep, though this is
only a rough estimate. (His writings unrelated to UFOs also are on file). NICAP and related history fills about 10 file
boxes. UFO sighting files about 2 file cabinet drawers. Colorado UFO Project and J.E. McDonald about 2 file drawers.
And general UFO history files (government agencies, projects, reports, etc.) and historical correspondence of other notable
UFO researchers fills another 7 file boxes or drawers.
These estimates do not count the hundreds of audio and videotapes, articles and reports filed alphabetically by author (very
useful for retrieval), the sizeable UFO newsletter and journal collections, or other miscellaneous material. At a rough count
there are about 300 books and several dozens of bound reports or monographs. I hesitate to estimate the amount of un-
sorted and un-filed material, which grows all the time and is on the order of “many” boxes or cartons. Other special collec-
tions are some of the files of Civilian Saucer Investigation (CSI) of New York, led by the Big Three: Isabel Davis, Ted
Bloecher, and Lex Mebane; including the original CSI 4 x 6 card files with pre-computer colored tabs as sorting devices!
The historical files of the Fund for UFO Research also are stored here. Not to mention “sociological” materials such as
flyers and posters, and kooky stuff. Also, some correspondence or records are included on such diverse people as George
Adamski, Dewey J. Fournet, Harold Fulton, Rene Hardy, Julian Hennessey, Donald Menzel, Max Miller, William B. Nash,
and Edward J. Ruppelt.
Michael Swords inspired the organization of these files by living in my basement for a couple of weeks while doing re-
search for his study of the University of Colorado UFO study. Finding a bewildering array of disorganized material, he
purchased file boxes and began sorting, filing, labeling and organizing as he searched for information relative to his re-
search interest. The “physical trace evidence” of his visit is still visible. After he left, I decided that it would be nice if all
of the files were thoroughly organized and accessible for research, so I spent every spare moment building on what had
been started. Next came Jan Aldrich, with portable cot bed he moved in to the basement and reaped the fruits of the
Swords-Hall organization effort. With a ceaseless whirring and flashing of lights, it seemed like Jan photocopied every-
thing that wasn’t pinned down! In the process, he gave my “slow motion” photocopier a nervous breakdown. For many
months after he departed every document I copied came out with a mysterious interference line that defied all attempts to
remove it. Gradually, however, it faded away and disappeared.

The centerpiece of the archives, the papers of Donald E. Keyhoe, includes Lindbergh memorabilia and correspondence.
Keyhoe’s correspondence concerning UFOs with many officials, Congress, military, the media, witnesses and people such
as Lou Corbin, Coral Lorenzen, etc., and others in this country and overseas is preserved here. Some of this material was
just recently found at the Keyhoe home in a duffle bag in the basement when the family moved out. Keyhoe’s extensive
correspondence with his publisher on various aspects of his books is here as well. (The NICAP confidential files are NOT
here).
    The Keyhoe Archives also contains significant other material:
    !    Richard Hall’s huge holdings of over 40 years’ collection of correspondence, UFO reports, thousands of newspa-
         per clippings, posters, flyers and writings are the largest part of the Keyhoe Archives. Many items date from
         Hall’s tenure as NICAP Secretary, then as Assistant Director and finally as Acting NICAP Director and as editor
         for the MUFON Journal. Among the items are a card file of pre-1947 UFO reports, an extensive collection of
         video and audio tapes, a large library of books, and foreign and US UFO journals and newsletters. Also included
         is correspondence with Idabel Epperson, the chairwoman of the Los Angeles NICAP Subcommittee, Walter
         Webb, NICAP astronomy advisor and many other NICAP and MUFON investigators, scientists, and interested
         persons from various walks of life.

                                                                183
                                           Proceedings of the UFO History Workshop


    !   The Fund for UFO Research (FUFOR). The Fund’s files of correspondence, research, manuscripts, UFO reports
        submitted by various researchers and various video or audio taped interviews are housed with the Keyhoe Ar-
        chives. The Fund’s extensive collection of microfilm files includes the NICAP/CSI clipping collection filmed by
        the Library of Congress, the Project Blue Book files on microfilm, microfilm of the XXI Bomber Command which
        contains large numbers of reports of “balls of fire” sighted by aircrew in and around Japan during World War II,
        and other microfilmed documents. A microfilm reader-printer is available at the collection.
    !   Isabel Davis, one of the primary officers of Civilian Saucer Intelligence, New York (CSI-NY), and later a NICAP
        official and officer of the Fund for UFO Research passed on her correspondence and collection which includes her
        large card file of summarized early UFO cases.
    !   Ted Bloecher, another CSI (NY) officer and NICAP official, donated some of his extensive correspondences with
        various UFO researchers, some of his 1947 and 1950 research, the paste-ups of his Report on the UFO Wave of
        1947 and other material to Richard Hall who made them part of the archives. (The HUMCAT is NOT present
        here.)
    !   Marshall Cleaver, the chairman of a Florida NICAP subcommittee donated his files and copies of his investiga-
        tions to Richard Hall who placed them in the archives.
    !   Dr. James McDonald, Senior Physicist at the Institute of Atmospheric Physics, University of Arizona, carried on
        the extensive (sometimes almost daily) correspondence with Richard Hall, Isabel Davis and Ted Bloecher. Items at
        the Keyhoe Archives include his articles, and speeches, formal correspondence, hand written notes, notes of tele-
        phone conversations and some investigations. Some of the McDonald material in the Keyhoe Archives is not
        available in McDonald’s collection housed at the University of Arizona.


Accessibility: The Keyhoe Archives is housed in the Washington, D.C. area. Access is restricted to journalists and seri-
ous researchers and by advanced appointment. There is a copier available.
Write to: Fund for UFO Research, Inc., P. O. Box Mount Rainier, MD 20712, Phone or fax: (301)-779-8683.
(Source: Richard Hall)


                                            Colonel Howard (Mack) McCoy

             Commanding General of T-2 Technical Intelligence in 1947. McCoy was an excellent engineer,
             known as “Mr. Propeller” in his pre-WWII days, and an experienced intelligence officer.


                                                            184
