{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T20:06:30Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 37533, "source_ctime_ns": 1790766592786570279, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/metronome_review.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790766592765235235, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/metronome_review.pdf", "source_sha256": "6d121bff4c69caf3ae713623c01045827ae30a0a30dc852d4223d4444e902ded"}

THIS LAND IS YOUR LAND


  From Metronome...

  art as activism

  This Land is Your Land:
  Deception in the Nuclear Era
  AMERICAN GROUND ZERO
  (MIT PRESS, 1993)
  BY CAROLE GALLAGHER

  WITNESS TO THE WIND
  A VIDEO WORK-IN-PROGRESS
  BY BRANDA MILLER

  "WITNESS TO THE WIND"
  DOCUMENTARY PHOTOGRAPHY
  BY DANA SHUERHOLZ


  byEricGould

  Boy y'know, dropping a bomb is like telling a lie. Makes everything seem so quiet, you don't even know it. You don't
  see anything, you don't hear anything.
  The Misfits (1961), screenplay by Arthur Miller

  The rugged landscape and the vast expanse of the West have long evoked myths of frontier individualism. Nevada and
  Utah, especially, have inspired hopes of the discovery of fortune and the possibility of a new dawn. Those stalwart
  pioneers drawn to the Silver State by the Comstock lode discovery -- and into Utah when Brigham Young declared
  "This is the place" -- have been followed by others still hoping to cultivate the desert bloom.

  Nearly half a century ago, the Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) surveyed the Western desert to cultivate plans of their
  own design.

  In 1951, small communities of Mormons, cattle ranchers, and Native Americans awoke shaken by the first continental
  atomic bomb test. Following the blast, radiation spread eastward towards the Atlantic Coast. This event launched the
  beginning of the AEC's nuclear weapons experimentation and stockpile at the Nevada Test Site located outside Las
  Vegas.

  In the next 12 year, the AEC detonated 126 bombs at the Nevada Test Site, which is now one of six nuclear weapons
  facilities still operating in the United States. Over the past 40 years Nevada and Utah residents and military personnel
  employed by the AEC have been afflicted with cancer and disease attributed to radiation generated from these tests.

  Recently, Northwest photographer Dana Schuerholz, New York photojournalist Carole Gallagher, and media activist
  Branda Miller have been focusing on this subject in social documentary, photography, and video. Schuerholz and
  Gallagher have explored the impact of these tests on radiation survivors throughout Nevada and Utah in their works,
  while Miller is currently finishing Witness to the Future, a project that documents three communities affected by diverse
  types of environmental contamination, including a segment about Downwinders affected by radiation at Hanford,
  Washington. Miller, an educator at New York's Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, completed her media artist-in-
  residency at 911 Media Arts Center of Seattle in 1992 to produce this segment. Combined, these three artists' works
  question the deception involved in conducting these atomic tests, and the Cold War rhetoric used to justify nuclear
  experimentation and arsenal build-up at the expense of the American people.


metronome_review.html[01/03/2022 02:54:17]
THIS LAND IS YOUR LAND


  In her 1993 book American Ground Zero -- The Secret Nuclear War, Carole Gallagher documented the lives of those
  residents of Nevada and Utah who were devastated by weapons testing. Gallagher found that the federal government,
  chiefly through the Atomic Energy Commission, repeatedly deceived Americans about health and environmental risks
  from atomic testing. (The old AEC was predecessor to today's Department of Energy).

  She writes that deception was crucial in the effort to legitimize the Nevada Test Site experiments. This deception
  continued even after livestock in Utah began appearing with beta burns and radiation-related illnesses in 1953 (one of
  the most lethal years of weapons testing). Gallagher states: "Despite the fact the public health bureaucracy and AEC
  scientists camouflaged the consequences when they realized a public uproar might force them to close the Test Site,
  there wasn't a person alive in southern Utah, then or now, who didn't fear the deaths of those lambs or sheep were a
  precursor to a shared destiny."

  Gallagher spent nearly a decade in St. George and Cedar City, Utah, working on the book. She has emerged with an
  impressive -- and visionary -- volume, and one which is highly respectful of her subjects. From her interviews with
  Downwinders and radiation survivors scattered throughout Nevada, Utah, and as far away as South Dakota, she had
  produced a compelling document of these communities and their social anguish in an undeclared war.

  It is often an emotionally taxing book to read. Gallagher states that "Nevada is the single most nuked site on the planet
  outside of the Marshall Islands." She explains that nuclear testing began in Nevada in 1951, because it became too
  expensive to detonate bombs in the South Pacific. And Nevada, once considered as a "low use" population area, was
  deemed by Armed Forces Talk -- a 1950s publication describing atomic maneuvers for soldiers at the Test Site -- as a
  "damn good place to dump used razor blades."

  American Ground Zero is divided into four sections with accompanying duotone photographs: Nevada Test Site
  workers, atomic military veterans (veterans who have worked at the atomic test site), and Downwinders. The fourth
  section is devoted to images of the landscape and to people at work and rest. Throughout, Gallagher has also included
  photographs of small-town life in Utah from the '50s by Dorothea Lange. In their evocation of a more innocent era,
  these images of Americana -- cafe signs, storefronts, and townfolk -- provide startling contrast of postwar optimism.
  Gallagher's photographs and oral histories, in turn, relate to Lange's images like the dark side of a Janusian guardian at
  the portal of the Atomic Age.

  Testimony from Bob Carter, an Air Force veteran, offers one of the most chilling descriptions recorded in Ground Zero.
  Carter details his participation in the Operation Plumbbob military maneuvers at the Test Site's Camp Desert Rock in
  1957. Following the largest U.S. continental and atmospheric test -- a 74 kiloton nuclear bomb dropped at 1,500 feet --
  soldiers were ordered to practice their military maneuvers within the "Ground Zero" site. At the time, Carter witnessed
  human beings near the manuever area who were handcuffed behind fenced enclosures. After he spoke of this to doctors
  -- who were treating him for "radiation exposure" -- Carter underwent questionable drug treatment, and was told not to
  repeat his "bizarre" story. "Nobody knew what we knew," he said. "You know that if you tell anybody it's like treason,
  you'll be hung."

  Northwest photographer and activist Dana Schuerholz has also produced a collection of photographs and acquired
  testimonies from atomic military veterans and Downwinders who worked and lived near the Nevada Test Site. James
  Gates, a homeless veteran from the 95th Engineers Combat Battalion, spoke to Schuerholz about human and animal
  experiments twenty miles away from Camp Desert Rock. Schueholz recounted Gates' testimony about an incident that
  occurred here in 1955: "He once saw humans with livestock in these cages before a test. (His unit) would drive by and
  see them close to the detonation site. And during the test, his left arm was blown off when he was in this trench. You
  can't imagine what happened to these people in those cages, besides being burned to death."

  Schuerholz, who has been documenting atomic military veterans and Downwinders in Nevada, has visited the Nevada
  Test Site several times since 1988. She explained that for many years atomic test veterans have kept silent about these
  military maneuvers, especially those that have involved human experimentation. She commented that once they open up
  about their experiences, they often become activists.

  Her photographs were featured at last year's Yes, In My Backyard? exhibition in Richland, Washington. The show


metronome_review.html[01/03/2022 02:54:17]
THIS LAND IS YOUR LAND

  focused on regional work that examined issues tied to the Hanford Nuclear Reservation and the nuclear era. In her work,
  she overlays text on the portraits of her subjects. The text is excerpted from her subjects' testimonies, which effectively
  places the viewer in intimate space with the anguished voices of these individuals. By foregrounding the testimonies,
  her pictures literally "speak" to the viewer.

  Recently, media activist Branda Miller focused on Downwinder communities around the Hanford Nuclear Reservation
  in eastern Washington as part of Witness to the Future, a video work-in-progress. Witness examines the impact of
  environmental contamination around the country. Like Gallager and Schuerholz, Miller concentrates on Hanford
  radiation in the Northwest as well as pesticide spraying in California's San Joaquim Valley and communities affected by
  chemical plants in Louisiana. Miller's educational tape is designed to generate environmental activism. Beyond this,
  Miller empowers her subjects with the creative process by democratizing the production: those interviewed were given
  input as to the content and presentation of their own testimonies.

  In 1992, an initial rough-cut of the Hanford sequence was screened at 911 Media Arts Center in Seattle. 911 is acting as
  executive producer for the tape, with Robin Reidy, 911's executive director, an associate director for the project.
  Currently, Reidy has been working with Miller to distill the individual narratives into a final, hour-long, version. (The
  rough-cut Hanford segment ran for an hour, alone). "Witness to the Future is a collective portrait of political activism
  using media," she says.

  In the rough-cut, former Hanford specialist Gary Lekvold from Pasco, Washington, describes the early history of
  Hanford's operation and its connection with the Manhattan Project (which engineered the first atomic bombs detonated
  over Hiroshima and Nagasaki). Lekvold notes, "At the time of war, there was a real need for classified information and
  secrecy stamps. But shortly after that, classified information and secrecy stamps were also a very good way to cover up
  mistakes, to hide misspent funds, to hide fraudulent reports, and a tremendous array of misdeeds and criminal activity."

  But despite recent clean-up efforts at Hanford -- and with the uncertain future of President Clinton's initial call for a
  temporary moratorium on nuclear weapons testing -- the nuclear legacy remains. As Schuerholz commented, "The fact
  is that every test site in the world -- including the Nevada Test Site, Khazakhstan, Morura (Tahiti), and the Marshall
  Islands -- exists on indigenous land. These areas are still at the forefront of an ongoing war." Her sefl-portrait, taken at
  the Nevada Test Site underscores this point. The image reveals her shadow looming past a No Trespassing sign over the
  desert landscape -- an area that was homeland to the Western Shoshone Nation. In her testimony, overlaid across the
  image, she writes: "Our bodies and our environments are the battlegrounds. We all live downwind."

  Gallagher, Schuerholz, and Miller allow their subjects to carry the narratives through the telling of their painful
  memories and bitter experiences. In the end, however, the incredible scale of tragedy documented in these works is
  rooted in the politics of deception. Pointing to the widespread nature of governmental deception, Gallagher cites Lying:
  Moral Choice and Public Life by Sissela Bok: "Negotiations must be carried on that are best hidden from public view;
  bargains must be struck that simply cannot be comprehended by a politically unsophisticated electorate...Every
  government, therefore, has to deceive the people to some extent in order to lead them." As Gallagher writes, "Each
  society produced its own slaughter of innocents, of those who are most expendable in dangerous times, whether the
  danger is falsely manufactured to achieve a political end or truly exists. 'My country right or worng': the issue of blind
  obedience to authority is germane to all societies that value abstract ideals above life itself."

  The recently ordered declassification of documents at the Department of Energy has brought increasing public attention
  to the nuclear abuses of the Cold War -- including documented cases of experiments involving direct injections of
  plutonium. Robert Alvarez, an aide for D.O.E. Secretary Hazel O'Leary, was quoted last month in The New York Times
  as saying, "The public record is very clear that the United States Government engaged in deliberate acts against the
  American public in the 1940s and 1950s in order to prosecute the arms race." At last, the criticisms of artists like
  Gallagher, Schuerholz, and Miller are echoed by the D.O.E. itself. Commented Secretary O'Leary on some 204
  previously unannounced nuclear weapons tests in Nevada from 1963 to 1990: "We were shrouded and clouded in an
  atmosphere of secrecy. And I would take it a step further: I would call it repression."

                                                           [ Parent ]


metronome_review.html[01/03/2022 02:54:17]
THIS LAND IS YOUR LAND

  Captured 8/1/96


metronome_review.html[01/03/2022 02:54:17]
