{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T00:06:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 131570, "source_ctime_ns": 1790388648297795272, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/MUFON-Michigan-Annual-Report---2004.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790388648293029665, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/MUFON-Michigan-Annual-Report---2004.pdf", "source_sha256": "b2c9990a66da88c00947d5bc73af4dad6ebefb16d2482bd593cc930063a0b214"}

ANNUAL REPORT OF THE MICHIGAN MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC.

TO THE INTERNATIONAL MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC.

PERIOD JUNE 1, 2003 THROUGH MAY 31, 2004


SUMMARY:

Membership:
   International Mutual UFO Network, Inc. members in Michigan per list by central office: 100
   Michigan MUFON, inc. Membership: 100

       State Section Directors: 13
        Covering: 39 counties of 83 in Michigan

Investigations:
     31 new sightings reported to MIMUFON for investigation (including 2 crop circles, 1 ice circle)
     12 cases currently being investigated (including 1 from prior fiscal year)
     12 cases with completed investigations (including 4 from prior fiscal year and including 2 crop
        circles, 1 ice circle).
     14 cases (including 2 from prior fiscal year) were non-anomalous / no impetus for follow-up, or
        unable to make contact or get reply from witnesses.

Treasury:
     Funds on hand $5615.52
     Merchandise in stock for sale $1611.00
     Estimated current value of office equipment and supplies $1625.00
     Estimated current value of library $1487
     Grand total: $10338.52.

    Our MIMUFON lending library currently has 452 books (nearly doubling our figure from last year!), 8
    audiocassettes, 5 CD-ROMs, 236 periodicals, and 136 videos. The videos include copies of
    MIMUFON field investigator training classes.

    Income sources: dues, ($21.00 per mailing address, annually), sale of merchandise such as clothing,
    books, video tapes, newsletters, etc., speaker presentation and luncheon fees for membership
    meetings.

    Disbursements: membership meetings luncheon, speaker fees and expenses, newsletter printing,
    postage, state director incurred expenses, equipment rentals for membership meetings, office
    equipment and supply purchases, and deposits for contract on meeting place.

    The $21.00 dues per mailing address entitles the member household to the newsletter (about 7 times
    per year), opportunity to borrow books and tapes from the state MUFON library, available at all
    membership meetings, and all training sessions (training sessions are open to all MUFON members)
    and the opportunity to hear quality speakers at a discounted rate over non-members.

Meetings:
                                      th
   The successful and well-attended 34 Annual MUFON International UFO Symposium was hosted by
   Michigan MUFON on July 4-6, 2003 at the Hyatt Regency hotel in Dearborn, Michigan.
  State membership meetings were held in September 2003, November 2003, January 2004, March
  2004, and May 2004, with Field Investigator training before each meeting, and quality speakers on
  the agenda for the afternoon session. The January meeting, for the third year in a row, was an open
  meeting where many shared field investigation reports and personal experiences. We do this once a
  year to give everyone a chance to feel free from a programmed schedule and relax with their peers.
  This is one of the best attended meetings we hold.

  In addition to the planning meetings and activities for the ramp-up to the Symposium, State Officer/
  Section Director Meetings were held in September 2003, November 2003, January 2004, March
  2004, and May 2004, with a meeting scheduled for July 2004. These meetings are for planning and
  finalizing meetings, general business, and for reports of treasury, special committees, and
  investigations. Planning meetings are to be held twice a year in January and July/August for planning
  upcoming events and developing programs for the membership. The schedule is available to the
  membership six months to one year in advance so everyone can plan ahead.


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

     The 2003 MUFON International UFO Symposium in Dearborn, Michigan, was truly a success
      beyond our expectations. Our team thoroughly enjoyed working hard to make it the excellent
      event that it was and Michigan looks forward to hosting another in due time.

  
                             st
      As we head into the 21 Century, we realize it is time to seize technology readily available to us
      to make our organization more effective and efficient. To this end, we have made much recent
      progress:

      We have benefited from a recent technology initiative where we have acquired, through purchase
      and donation, some new and some used equipment, including: two laptop computers (one
      privately owned), a portable thermal computer printer, and a digital projector w/ 5’ screen to
      support our meetings and presentations. The laptops and printer support the library and check-in
      desks at our meetings, as well as speaker presentations when connected to the projector. When
      any DVD players or VCR’s are brought to the meetings, they can also be connected to the
      projector for presentation purposes.

      The MIMUFON position of Electronic Data Manager has been created to maintain our Michigan
      MUFON website, assist in the generation and updates of the myriad reports essential to keeping
      our organization running smoothly, as well as other necessary related duties. Jean Waskiewicz is
      Michigan MUFON’s first Electronic Data Manager.

      Jean continues to keep our MIMUFON website www.mimufon.org fresh and relevant with regular
      updates on current officer contact information, meeting details, plus news and other information
      that is important to our members, as well information necessary and helpful to those outside the
      organization who may want to know about us and/or need to reach us.

      Also, at our website, through the PayPal online payment service, MIMUFON store purchases can
      be made, dues can be paid, and meeting fees paid in advance.

     This upcoming year, we will issue Michigan MUFON membership cards for the first time ever so
      that membership can be verified for internal uses like library lending and also for the value of
      promoting credibility of the organization to those outside of Michigan MUFON.

     We have continued to bountifully increase our Michigan MUFON library by many books, tapes
      and reports. This was accomplished chiefly this year by donations from members and willed
      material from deceased members. Other sources included printing houses sending new copies
      for review and letting us keep them for our library, taping our speakers, and receiving newsletters
      from other MUFON groups. We tape all our Field Investigator training sessions for future use by
      new members and for those who miss the sessions. These are kept in our library available for all
      MUFON members by our new librarians David and Darlene Bleicher.

     Our MIMUFON store proves to be a continued success. We sell t-shirts, sweatshirts, caps,
      stickers, etc. with our Michigan MUFON logo. In addition, we also sell new and used books,
      periodicals, journals, and tapes.

     We continue sending invitations to membership meetings to all International members in
      Michigan to allow them the opportunity to hear speakers and associate with all MUFON
      members. This allows for more exposure to membership and increases our total local
      membership. We also maintain a mailing list of past members, new contacts, and other
      interested parties. These people will get a meeting announcement and a tickler article on the
      speaker by mail before each meeting. This has increased our meeting attendance, when we
      have needed it the most, in down times. Most of the people that receive the “announcements”
      will often times bring others with them and one or more will end up as members of MIMUFON and
      later MUFON.

     The scheduled Field Investigator training, open to all MUFON members, has continued to be
      popular. Average attendance for training is 20-25 people. Those individuals not a member of the
      Michigan MUFON are allowed to attend without paying MIMUFON dues. This enables all
      MUFON members to continue training and attend meetings to benefit from our speakers and to
      relate with others in MUFON. It also provides access to all Field Investigators and opportunities
      for SSD appointments.

     Due to popular demand from the membership, the meeting place for all meetings is in the area of
      the city of Flint, not far from the Detroit Metro area. The restaurant we meet at is the best
      centralized location for the majority of the members. Our average attendance is 50-60 people.
      There is a commitment from the facility to host us on a regularly scheduled program, which also
      includes a guarantee of meal cost per person.

     In 2003-2004 we continued with a management team that includes many state officers involved in
      various decision-making processes.

     With our team of officers, Michigan saw many amicable changes of the guard, this last year,
      including (new officers in alphabetical order by position):
           o Chief Investigator: Todd Lemire from Dan Wright.
           o Consultant: Richard McVannel from Harry Willnus.
           o Librarian: David and Darlene Bleicher from Kathy Yates.
           o Newsletter Editor: David Twichell from Bill Konkolesky.
           o State Director: Bill Konkolesky from Richard McVannel.
           o Treasurer: Wendy Smith from Jerry Kulka.

      All through this year’s many changes, Michigan MUFON continued and continues to press
      forward productively.

GOALS:

     Attain 501(c)(3) status for Michigan MUFON, Much work to this end has already been
      accomplished and our Assistant Director Treasury Wendy Smith is currently taking strides to
      ensure we achieve this goal.

     Increase membership in both MUFON International and Michigan MUFON. Innovative marketing
      plans are being currently developed by some Michigan MUFON members with a professional
      background in this field to try to grow our local membership to its greatest levels yet, with an
      added focus on the under-represented demographic of those under 40 years of age.
       Identify methods to attract members and promote MUFON in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
        Our most active member in promoting MUFON in that region of our state unfortunately passed
        away in April of 2004.

       Carefully develop leadership in the counties of Michigan that have no State Section Director and
        appoint quality leadership.

       Continue to improve communication of sightings and abductions for faster and better reporting to
        the Chief Investigator.

       Identify and implement methods of improving and comprehensively completing a greater number
        of sighting and abduction investigations.

       Promote the professional investigation of UFO sightings and/ or abductions by maintaining open
        communication with local law enforcement and news media across the state of Michigan.

       Continue to inform the public about UFOlogy and promote MUFON through public relations
        efforts and participation in interviews and speaking engagements. Several of our Michigan
        members have in the past and continue to further engage in these activities. As just one
        successful entrepreneurial example of this, one of our members and strong MUFON supporter,
        David Twichell, maintains a local cable access television program on UFOs called “We Are Not
        Alone” and has just self-published a book (his second) on the UFO phenomenon entitled “Global
        Implications of the UFO Reality,” while also appearing on radio programs such as those of Jim
        Hickman and Lou Gentile.

       Organize Telescope Sky Watches. This is a hands-on way for members to familiarize
        themselves with the night sky and useful tools for celestial observation while enjoying the
        company of other members.

       Reinitiate Abductee/Experiencer Gatherings. Michigan MUFON once helped organize these get-
        togethers of members and their friends and family who tell of direct interaction with entities. All
        those who’d attended these found the meetings to be supportive and fascinating. We look
        forward to beginning them again.

       Maintain a positive administrative attitude to continue full participation of all MUFON members,
        state officers and State Section Directors.

       Maintain open communication with the International Director and his staff.

       Continue open lines of communication with all MUFON members.


Michigan is in strong shape and optimistically geared toward cooperative further growth. We are healthy
financially and have a truly active team of officers and general membership.

In short, Michigan MUFON looks forward to another good year.


        Respectfully submitted,

        William J. Konkolesky
        State Director Michigan Mutual UFO Network, Inc.
