{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T08:37:07Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 101549, "source_ctime_ns": 1788544327533300427, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/MUFON-Michigan-Annual-Report---2008.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788544327527606242, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/MUFON-Michigan-Annual-Report---2008.pdf", "source_sha256": "b1837b28f344a527c92bd7999b82180a96afae9a309d85d9c0710b591ac04ee2"}

ANNUAL REPORT OF THE MICHIGAN MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC.

TO THE INTERNATIONAL MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC.

PERIOD JUNE 1, 2007 THROUGH MAY 31, 2008


SUMMARY:

Membership:
   International Mutual UFO Network, Inc. members in Michigan per list by central office: 75
   Michigan MUFON, Inc. Membership: 101

      State Section Directors: 13
       Covering: 34 counties of 83 in Michigan (reports in counties outside of SSD jurisdiction are
       handled on a situational basis)

Investigation:
     107 UFO sightings reported
     101 investigations into those sightings completed

Treasury:
     Bank Balance $3863.10
     Merchandise in stock for sale $1150.00
     Estimated current value of office equipment and supplies $548.14
     Estimated current value of library $2264.00
     Grand total: $7825.24

   Our MIMUFON lending library currently officially has counted 475 books, 38 audiocassettes, 43 CDs,
   344 periodicals, and 302 videocassettes/DVDs. The video material, in part, includes copies of
   presenters we have hosted, as well as MIMUFON field investigator training.

   Income sources: dues, ($25.00 per mailing address, annually), sale of merchandise such as clothing,
   books, video tapes, newsletters, etc., speaker presentation and luncheon fees for membership
   meetings.

   Disbursements: membership meetings luncheon, speaker fees and expenses, newsletter printing,
   postage, state director incurred expenses, equipment rentals for membership meetings, office
   equipment and supply purchases, and deposits for contract on meeting place.

   The $25.00 dues per mailing address entitles the member household to the newsletter (6 times per
   year, delivered either in paper, or online cost-saving PDF format), opportunity to borrow books and
   tapes from the state MUFON library, available at all membership meetings, and all training sessions
   (training sessions are open to all MUFON members) and the opportunity to hear quality speakers at a
   discounted rate over non-members.

Meetings:

   State membership meetings were held in November 2007, January 2008, March 2008, and May
   2008, with Field Investigator training before each except January’s meeting, and quality speakers on
   the agenda for the afternoon session. In September, rather than hold our regularly scheduled
   meeting for that month, we held a high-profile fund-raiser event at Henry Ford Community College in
  Dearborn Michigan, featuring Stanton Friedman. The general meeting schedule is available to the
  membership several months in advance so everyone can plan ahead.

  The cost of our general meetings is $13 for MUFON and/or MIMUFON members, $15 for non-
  members, and $5 for first-time meeting attendees (regardless of membership status)

  State Officer / Section Director Meetings were held as part of each of our state membership
  meetings. These meetings are for planning and finalizing meetings, general business, and for reports
  of treasury, special committees, and investigations.


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

     Michigan MUFON Inc proudly maintains its 501(c)(3) status, due chiefly to the hard work and
      efforts of Assistant State Director Wendy Smith. Several members have taken advantage of this
      status to offer our organization generous tax-deductible donations, as well.

     MIMUFON Inc, in conjunction with Henry Ford Community College radio station WHFR hosted a
      successful and profitable public presentation with Stanton Friedman in September 2007 at Henry
      Ford Community College, Dearborn, as part of our drive for youth membership in MUFON and
      public visibility for the organization. We gained several new members as a direct result of this
      event.

     Michigan MUFON Chief Investigator Sunny Young has stepped up our investigative team’s
      motivation and kept on them track with their efforts. Our driven investigators completed a highly
      impressive 101 sighting reports out of 107 sightings received.

     Gary Golem has led our training of Field Investigation to great success. Several dedicated
      members are on track to becoming new Investigators.

     Presentations by State Director Bill Konkolesky on the topic of MUFON and UFOs were given to
      audiences at Mystiques West Metaphysical Shop in Westland. These presentations were well
      attended and the subject of UFOs was quite well received.

     Michigan MUFON is in the process of assisting the History Channel’s UFO Hunters for a segment
      in their upcoming fall season based upon the Holland MI 1994 flap.

     Due to technology initiatives over recent years, Michigan MUFON possesses and/or has has
      readily available, equipment including: laptop computers, a digital projector, overhead projector,
      DVD, VCR, 5’ movie screen, professional microphone, studio grade amplifier, webcam, portable
      thermal computer printer, laminator, and fax machine. Our guest presenters at our meetings and
      our members in the audience enjoy the robust audio-visual support we are able to provide.

     The Michigan MUFON website, mimufon.org, updated and run for most of the year by our
      Electronic Data Manager Jean Waskiewicz, then handled by State Director Bill Konkolesky,
      continues to stay fresh and relevant with regular updates on current officer contact information,
      meeting details, plus news and other information that is important to our members, as well
      information necessary and helpful to those outside the organization who may want to know about
      us and/or need to reach us. Also, at our website, through the PayPal online payment service,
      MIMUFON store purchases can be made, dues can be paid, and meeting fees paid in advance.

     We continue to heartily increase the size of our Michigan MUFON library with books, tapes and
      DVDs. This was accomplished chiefly this year by donations from members and video recording
      our guest speakers. These items are kept in our library available for all MUFON members by our
      librarians David and Darlene Bleicher.
     Our MIMUFON store, run by Patty Donahue, proves to be a continued success. We sell t-shirts,
      sweatshirts, caps, stickers, etc. with our Michigan MUFON logo. In addition, we also sell new and
      used books, periodicals, journals, and tapes.

     We continue to issue Michigan MUFON membership cards so that membership can be verified
      for internal uses like library lending and also for the value of promoting credibility of the
      organization to those outside of Michigan MUFON. These cards are laminated for durability.

     MIMUFON’s regularly scheduled Field Investigator training at our March, May, September, and
      November meetings and open to all MUFON members, has continued to be popular (September
      held no training this year due to the Friedman presentation). Those individuals not a member of
      the Michigan MUFON are allowed to attend without paying MIMUFON dues. This enables all
      MUFON members to continue training and attend meetings to benefit from our speakers and to
      relate with others in MUFON.

     Due to geographic concentration of the membership, as well as budgetary considerations, the
      meeting place for all meetings is in the area of the city of Flint, not far from the Detroit Metro area.
      The restaurant where we meet is the best centralized location for the majority of the members.
      Our current average attendance is 30-40 people. There is a commitment from the facility to host
      us on a regularly scheduled program, which also includes a guarantee of meal cost per person.

     In 2007-2008 we continued with a management team that includes many state officers involved in
      various decision-making processes.


GOALS:


     Identify and implement advantages of our newly attained 501(c)(3) status to help Michigan
      MUFON grow. Already, we have enjoyed tax free meals at our meeting place Walli’s and
      solicited for tax-deductible donations of library materials, office equipment, and money for
      Michigan MUFON from our members.

     Increase membership in both MUFON International and Michigan MUFON Inc.

     Identify methods to attract members and promote MUFON in underrepresented areas of
      Michigan.

     Carefully develop leadership in the counties of Michigan that have no State Section Director and
      appoint quality leadership.

     Expand our utilization of the Computer Management System (CMS) online sighting database.

     Identify and implement methods of improving and comprehensively completing a greater number
      of sighting and abduction investigations.

     Promote the professional investigation of UFO sightings and/ or abductions by maintaining open
      communication with local law enforcement and news media across the state of Michigan.

     Continue to inform the public about UFOlogy and promote MUFON through public relations
      efforts and participation in interviews and speaking engagements. Several of our Michigan
      members have in the past and continue to further engage in these activities. As just one
      successful entrepreneurial example of this, Michigan MUFON Newsletter Editor David Twichell
        continues to maintain his local UFO radio program “We Are Not Alone” through Henry Ford
        Community College.

       Continue to support smaller local MUFON gatherings for members and others who may seek to
        discuss UFOlogy in a smaller, more personal environment.

       Update our MIMUFON store with new and different appealing items for purchase.

       Maintain a positive administrative attitude to continue full participation of all MUFON members,
        state officers and State Section Directors.

       Maintain open communication with the International Director, the International Board of Directors,
        and their support staff.

       Continue open lines of communication with all MUFON members.


Michigan is in strong shape and optimistically geared toward cooperative further growth. We are healthy
financially and are blessed with an active team of officers and general membership.

In short, Michigan MUFON looks forward to another good year.


        Respectfully submitted,

        William J. Konkolesky
        State Director Michigan Mutual UFO Network, Inc.
