{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T15:29:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 167501, "source_ctime_ns": 1790164660294324615, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/MUFON-Michigan-Annual-Report---2005.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790164660059741797, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/MUFON-Michigan-Annual-Report---2005.pdf", "source_sha256": "c9a6f8f062d9a1811cbd82b7c21864be967ea29434e93934c237e3e298bdb7c1"}

ANNUAL REPORT OF THE MICHIGAN MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC.

TO THE INTERNATIONAL MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC.

PERIOD JUNE 1, 2004 THROUGH MAY 31, 2005


SUMMARY:

Membership:
   International Mutual UFO Network, Inc. members in Michigan per list by central office: 92
   Michigan MUFON, Inc. Membership: 90

      State Section Directors: 12
       Covering: 34 counties of 83 in Michigan

Treasury:
     Funds on hand $4745.93
     Merchandise in stock for sale $1428.00
     Estimated current value of office equipment and supplies $1311.58
     Estimated current value of library $1551
     Grand total: $9036.51.

   Our MIMUFON lending library currently has 604 books, 8 audiocassettes, 4 CD-ROMs, 246
   periodicals, and 152 videocassettes/DVDs. The video material includes copies of presenters we
   have hosted, as well as MIMUFON field investigator training.

   Income sources: dues, ($21.00 per mailing address, annually), sale of merchandise such as clothing,
   books, video tapes, newsletters, etc., speaker presentation and luncheon fees for membership
   meetings.

   Disbursements: membership meetings luncheon, speaker fees and expenses, newsletter printing,
   postage, state director incurred expenses, equipment rentals for membership meetings, office
   equipment and supply purchases, and deposits for contract on meeting place.

   The $21.00 dues per mailing address entitles the member household to the newsletter (generally 6
   times per year), opportunity to borrow books and tapes from the state MUFON library, available at all
   membership meetings, and all training sessions (training sessions are open to all MUFON members)
   and the opportunity to hear quality speakers at a discounted rate over non-members.

Meetings:

   State membership meetings were held in September 2004, November 2004, January 2005, March
   2005, and May 2005, with Field Investigator training before each except January’s meeting (where a
   movie was played, instead), and quality speakers on the agenda for the afternoon session. The
   January meeting, for the fourth year in a row, was an open meeting where many shared field
   investigation reports and personal experiences. We do this once a year to give everyone a chance to
   feel free from a programmed schedule and relax with their peers. The general meeting schedule is
   available to the membership six months to one year in advance so everyone can plan ahead.

   In addition to the planning meetings and activities for the ramp-up to the Symposium, State Officer/
   Section Director Meetings were held in July 2004, September 2004, November 2004, January 2005,
  March 2005, and May 2005. These meetings are for planning and finalizing meetings, general
  business, and for reports of treasury, special committees, and investigations.


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

     We have achieved 501(c)(3) status, due chiefly to the hard work and efforts of Assistant State
      Director Wendy Smith with some assistance by former Assistant State Director Jerry Kulka and
      others.

     We now issue Michigan MUFON membership cards for the first time ever so that membership
      can be verified for internal uses like library lending and also for the value of promoting credibility
      of the organization to those outside of Michigan MUFON. These cards are laminated for
      durability.

     A monthly recurring local-level UFO discussion group has been begun in the Westland Michigan
      area by Michigan MUFON’s Electronic Data Manager Jean Waskiewicz and member Kathy Doty.
      Another local-level recurring group is being planned by State Section Director Sunny Riemer for
      the Kalamazoo Michigan area.

     In an effort to educate our Michigan membership on telescope usage and bring our group
      together for the purposes of skywatches, SSD David Bleicher identified Flint’s Longway
      Planetarium as an ideal place to learn about scopes and take in some celestial viewing.
      Telescope workshops at the planetarium were promoted, as well as one public skywatch hosted
      by the planetarium. A small but excited group of our members attended these.

     In an effort to rekindle the experiencer gatherings that Michigan has held in years past (where
      those who tell of abduction-related experiences can discuss their encounters in a private, informal
      setting), State Section Director Gary Golem held a meeting for these individuals at his home in
      April 2005. Further experiencer gathering options at multiple locations are also on the drawing
      board.

     In an effort to reach out to the public and to attract future generations of members to MUFON,
      library presentations by State Director Bill Konkolesky on the topic of UFOs were given to teen
      audiences at public libraries in Monroe and Ortonville. These presentations were very well
      attended and the subject of UFOs was quite well received.

     UFO investigator/author Nick Redfern has been lined-up for a September presentation at the
      Royal Oak, Michigan campus of Oakland Community College as part of our drive for youth
      membership in MUFON and public visibility for the organization.

     We have benefited from our recent technology initiative where we have acquired, through
      purchase and donation, some new and some used equipment, including: two laptop computers
      (one privately owned), a portable thermal computer printer, laminator, and a digital projector w/ 5’
      screen to support our meetings and presentations. The laptops and printer support the library
      and check-in desks at our meetings, as well as speaker presentations when connected to the
      projector. When any DVD players or VCR’s are brought to the meetings, they can also be
      connected to the projector for presentation purposes.

     The Michigan MUFON website, mimufon.org, updated and run by our Electronic Data Manager
      Jean Waskiewicz, continues to stay fresh and relevant with regular updates on current officer
      contact information, meeting details, plus news and other information that is important to our
      members, as well information necessary and helpful to those outside the organization who may
      want to know about us and/or need to reach us. Also, at our website, through the PayPal online
      payment service, MIMUFON store purchases can be made, dues can be paid, and meeting fees
      paid in advance.

     We continue to increase our Michigan MUFON library with books, tapes and DVDs. This was
      accomplished chiefly this year by donations from members and video recording our guest
      speakers. These items are kept in our library available for all MUFON members by our librarians
      David and Darlene Bleicher.

     Our MIMUFON store proves to be a continued success. We sell t-shirts, sweatshirts, caps,
      stickers, etc. with our Michigan MUFON logo. In addition, we also sell new and used books,
      periodicals, journals, and tapes. There is a proposal under consideration to sell DVD’s of speaker
      presentations from our meetings, pending speaker permission, as well.

     We continue sending invitations to membership meetings to all International members in
      Michigan to allow them the opportunity to hear speakers and associate with all MUFON
      members. This allows for more exposure to membership and increases our total local
      membership. We also maintain a mailing list of past members, new contacts, and other
      interested parties. These people will get a meeting announcement and a tickler article on the
      speaker by mail before each meeting. This has increased our meeting attendance and, in turn,
      promoted membership in MUFON and MIMUFON.

     The scheduled Field Investigator training, open to all MUFON members, has continued to be
      popular. Those individuals not a member of the Michigan MUFON are allowed to attend without
      paying MIMUFON dues. This enables all MUFON members to continue training and attend
      meetings to benefit from our speakers and to relate with others in MUFON. It also provides
      access to all Field Investigators and opportunities for SSD appointments.

     Due to geographic concentration of the membership, the meeting place for all meetings is in the
      area of the city of Flint, not far from the Detroit Metro area. The restaurant where we meet is the
      best centralized location for the majority of the members. Our current average attendance is 30-
      40 people. There is a commitment from the facility to host us on a regularly scheduled program,
      which also includes a guarantee of meal cost per person.

     In 2004-2005 we continued with a management team that includes many state officers involved in
      various decision-making processes.

     Michigan has a new Chief Investigator, Zach Smith, handpicked by our interim Chief Investigator
      Dan Wright.


GOALS:

     Identify and implement advantages of our newly attained 501(c)(3) status to help Michigan
      MUFON grow. Already, we have solicited for tax-deductible donations of library materials, office
      equipment, and money for Michigan MUFON from our members.

     Increase membership in both MUFON International and Michigan MUFON.

     Identify methods to attract members and promote MUFON in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
      Our most active member in promoting MUFON in that region of our state unfortunately passed
      away in 2004.

     Carefully develop leadership in the counties of Michigan that have no State Section Director and
      appoint quality leadership.
       Identify and implement methods of improving and comprehensively completing a greater number
        of sighting and abduction investigations.

       Promote the professional investigation of UFO sightings and/ or abductions by maintaining open
        communication with local law enforcement and news media across the state of Michigan.

       Continue to inform the public about UFOlogy and promote MUFON through public relations
        efforts and participation in interviews and speaking engagements. Several of our Michigan
        members have in the past and continue to further engage in these activities. As just one
        successful entrepreneurial example of this, Michigan MUFON Newsletter Editor David Twichell
        has maintained a local cable access television program on UFOs called “We Are Not Alone” for
        several years and continues to produce new episodes.

       Continue to organize telescope sky watches. This is a hands-on way for members to familiarize
        themselves with the night sky and useful tools for celestial observation while enjoying the
        company of other members.

       Continue to arrange abductee/experiencer gatherings for members and others who may seek to
        discuss their personal close encounters in a supportive environment.

       Maintain a positive administrative attitude to continue full participation of all MUFON members,
        state officers and State Section Directors.

       Maintain open communication with the International Director and his staff.

       Continue open lines of communication with all MUFON members.


Michigan is in strong shape and optimistically geared toward cooperative further growth. We are healthy
financially and are blessed with an active team of officers and general membership.

In short, Michigan MUFON looks forward to another good year.


        Respectfully submitted,

        William J. Konkolesky
        State Director Michigan Mutual UFO Network, Inc.
                                     Michigan MUFON
                                Chief Investigator’s Report
                               June 2004 thru February 2005
                                        Submitted by Dan Wright


Source/s: NUFORC; SeeSat.org
Sighting Date-Time-Duration: June 26, 2004; 10:50+ PM EDT; under 1 minute
Sighting Place: I-75, suburban NW Detroit
Witness/es: Single adult male, driving southbound
Description: Oversized light crossing the sky W to E
Resolution: IFO - Proton rocket engine associated with a 1992 Russian satellite reentering the
atmosphere SW to NE, as seen over several states, 10:51-54 PM.


Source/s: NUFORC
Sighting Date-Time-Duration: August 19, 2004; ~ 10 PM EDT; 2 minutes
Sighting Place: Rural M-14, east of Ann Arbor
Witness/es: Single adult male, driving westbound
Description: Large, dark triangular vehicle with steady white lights at blunted corners and a centered
orange flashing light, hovering how over a farm field next to the freeway.
Resulution: Incomplete; after posting his account on NUFORC, the witness was not responsive to email
requests.


Source/s: NUFORC
Sighting Date-Time-Duration: September 9, 2004; ~ 10 PM EDT; 3-5 minutes
Sighting Place: Corunna (Shiawassee County)
Witness/es: Mother and two children from their residence
Description: Three large, bright white steady lights forming a triangle near the northern horizon, moving
SW in their direction. When nearly overhead, the witnesses discerned a dark triangular outline. No sound
was heard. The object continued SW until lost from view on the horizon.
Resulution: Incomplete – no response from NUFORC to email request for witness ID.


Source: MIMUFON
Sighting Date-Time-Duration: September 28, 2004; 4:20 AM EDT; over 10 minutes
Sighting Place: Brownstown, near I-75 SW of Detroit
Witness/es: Adult male and adult female
Description: Luminous sphere judged hundreds of feet away in the southern sky; also a small red light to
the left. (Actual full moon, high in the SW, was noted by the witnesses.) Using a first-generation digital
camera, they snapped 100+ photos of the lights . After remaining stationary for ten minutes, the lights
moved left to right and out of sight on the western horizon.
Resolution: Probable IFO – camera induced. At MIMUFON request the witnesses processed the disk
(including frames of claimed anomalous lights on several subsequent nights) and mailed it to Jeff Sanio.
He determined there was nothing of substance on any frame to evaluate. The 9/28 lights are likely airliner
headlights, plus the right wing’s red light, approaching Detroit Metro Airport; the reported directions the
photos were taken in match Detroit Metro Airport’s southern landing corridor. Given the delay in learning
of the event, no communi-cation was attempted with the control tower. Later photos of claimed anomalies
were resolved as misidentified stars, using Distant Suns celestial software. Witnesses were reimbursed
for their expenses.
Source/s: MIMUFON
Sighting Date-Time-Duration: December 26, 2004; ~ 8:30 PM EST; under 10 seconds
Sighting Place: Warren (suburban Detroit)
Witness/es: Adult woman and adult daughter
Description: Woman saw a narrow column of brilliant white light flash three times onto her back lawn –
less than 50 feet away. No sound was heard. The witness’ daughter later added a beam had shone
through a window onto her in the same timeframe. Days later they noted a new snowfall had melted
prematurely in that area of the lawn.
Resolution: Indeterminate – helicopter spotlight unlikely, given narrowness of the beam and absence of
expected sound. Witnesses interviewed by SSD/FI Gary Golem; family history of paranormal events.
Attempt to acquire a sample of the frozen soil unsuccessful.


Source/s: NUFORC
Sighting Date-Time-Duration: January 25, 2005; ~ 6 PM EST; under 1 minute
Sighting Place: Spring Arbor (Jackson County)
Witness/es: Single man, driving
Description: Bright orange sphere high in the sky, moving SE. No flashing or strobing lights seen; motion
judged too low for a commercial airliner and too slow for any aircraft. Abruptly the light was lost from view
in a clear sky.
Resolution: Incomplete – no response from NUFORC to email request for witness ID.
