{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T08:33:33Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 101471, "source_ctime_ns": 1788577600737426351, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/MUFON-Michigan-Annual-Report---2007.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788577600734090948, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/MUFON-Michigan-Annual-Report---2007.pdf", "source_sha256": "374fe3d38f9ddead1d6af5af87dcfd0778dd283470d029f0269666a722a6b2ce"}

ANNUAL REPORT OF THE MICHIGAN MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC.

TO THE INTERNATIONAL MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC.

PERIOD JUNE 1, 2006 THROUGH MAY 31, 2007


SUMMARY:

Membership:
   International Mutual UFO Network, Inc. members in Michigan per list by central office: 71
   Michigan MUFON, Inc. Membership: 85

      State Section Directors: 13
       Covering: 34 counties of 83 in Michigan (reports in counties outside of SSD jurisdiction are
       handled on a situational basis)

Treasury:
     Bank Balance $3306.46
     Merchandise in stock for sale $1471.00
     Estimated current value of office equipment and supplies $685.17
     Estimated current value of library $2071.00
     Grand total: $7533.63.

   Our MIMUFON lending library currently officially has counted 467 books, 37 audiocassettes, 25 CDs,
   345 periodicals, and 273 videocassettes/DVDs. The video material, in part, includes copies of
   presenters we have hosted, as well as MIMUFON field investigator training.

   Income sources: dues, ($25.00 per mailing address, annually), sale of merchandise such as clothing,
   books, video tapes, newsletters, etc., speaker presentation and luncheon fees for membership
   meetings.

   Disbursements: membership meetings luncheon, speaker fees and expenses, newsletter printing,
   postage, state director incurred expenses, equipment rentals for membership meetings, office
   equipment and supply purchases, and deposits for contract on meeting place.

   The $25.00 dues per mailing address entitles the member household to the newsletter (6 times per
   year, delivered either in paper, or online cost-saving PDF format), opportunity to borrow books and
   tapes from the state MUFON library, available at all membership meetings, and all training sessions
   (training sessions are open to all MUFON members) and the opportunity to hear quality speakers at a
   discounted rate over non-members.

Meetings:

   State membership meetings were held in September 2006, November 2006, January 2007, March
   2007, and May 2007, with Field Investigator training before each except January’s meeting, and
   quality speakers on the agenda for the afternoon session. The general meeting schedule is available
   to the membership several months in advance so everyone can plan ahead.

   The cost of our general meetings is $13 for MUFON and/or MIMUFON members, $15 for non-
   members, and $5 for first-time meeting attendees (regardless of membership status)
  State Officer / Section Director Meetings were held as part of each of our state membership
  meetings, as well as in August 2006. These meetings are for planning and finalizing meetings,
  general business, and for reports of treasury, special committees, and investigations.


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

     Michigan MUFON Inc proudly maintains its 501(c)(3) status, due chiefly to the hard work and
      efforts of Assistant State Director Wendy Smith. Several members have taken advantage of this
      status to offer our organization generous tax-deductible donations, as well.

     We proudly welcomed a motivated new Chief Investigator, long-time Field Investigator and State
      Section Director Sunny Young.

     Presentations by State Director Bill Konkolesky on the topic of MUFON and UFOs were given to
      audiences at the Brandon Township Public Library in Ortonville, Hazel Park Library, and
      Waterford Library, as well as Mystiques West Metaphysical Shop in Westland. These
      presentations were well attended and the subject of UFOs was quite well received. Of particular
      note, the Waterford Library had an audience of 126 and the presentation was taped for cable
      access submission by the library. Leading up to the Waterford Presentation, Konkolesky was
      favorably interviewed by the Oakland Press newspaper, and WJR 760 AM radio.

     Michigan MUFON members Chuck Lietzau and Bill Konkolesky, as well as others from MUFON
      International were credited in author Linda Godfrey’s new book “Weird Michigan,” where the
      Mutual UFO Network is favorably mentioned. This book was very prominently displayed in
      Barnes and Nobles bookstores across the state and supported by book tours from the author.

     Due to technology initiatives over recent years, Michigan MUFON possesses and/or has has
      readily available, equipment including: laptop computers, a digital projector, overhead projector,
      DVD, VCR, 5’ movie screen, professional microphone, studio grade amplifier, webcam, portable
      thermal computer printer, laminator, and fax machine. Our guest presenters at our meetings and
      our members in the audience enjoy the robust audio-visual support we are able to provide.

     Utilizing these technologies, in May, we had a first for Michigan MUFON with a meeting where we
      hosted two guest speakers via webcam: MUFON’s Director of Investigation Chuck Reever
      (California) and Smoking Gun Research Agency’s Jon Nowinski (Connecticut). The format was
      well-received and we look forward to inviting more presenters via webcam.

     The Michigan MUFON website, mimufon.org, updated and run by our Electronic Data Manager
      Jean Waskiewicz, continues to stay fresh and relevant with regular updates on current officer
      contact information, meeting details, plus news and other information that is important to our
      members, as well information necessary and helpful to those outside the organization who may
      want to know about us and/or need to reach us. Also, at our website, through the PayPal online
      payment service, MIMUFON store purchases can be made, dues can be paid, and meeting fees
      paid in advance.

     We continue to heartily increase the size of our Michigan MUFON library with books, tapes and
      DVDs. This was accomplished chiefly this year by donations from members and video recording
      our guest speakers. These items are kept in our library available for all MUFON members by our
      librarians David and Darlene Bleicher.

     Our MIMUFON store proves to be a continued success. We sell t-shirts, sweatshirts, caps,
      stickers, etc. with our Michigan MUFON logo. In addition, we also sell new and used books,
      periodicals, journals, and tapes. Becky Konkolesky has admirably managed the store for seven
      years and now passes the torch to member Patty Donahue.
     We continue to issue Michigan MUFON membership cards so that membership can be verified
      for internal uses like library lending and also for the value of promoting credibility of the
      organization to those outside of Michigan MUFON. These cards are laminated for durability.

     MIMUFON’s regularly scheduled Field Investigator training at our March, May, September, and
      November meetings and open to all MUFON members, has continued to be popular. Those
      individuals not a member of the Michigan MUFON are allowed to attend without paying
      MIMUFON dues. This enables all MUFON members to continue training and attend meetings to
      benefit from our speakers and to relate with others in MUFON.

     Due to geographic concentration of the membership, as well as budgetary considerations, the
      meeting place for all meetings is in the area of the city of Flint, not far from the Detroit Metro area.
      The restaurant where we meet is the best centralized location for the majority of the members.
      Our current average attendance is 30-40 people. There is a commitment from the facility to host
      us on a regularly scheduled program, which also includes a guarantee of meal cost per person.

     In 2006-2007 we continued with a management team that includes many state officers involved in
      various decision-making processes.


GOALS:

     MIMUFON Inc, in conjunction with Henry Ford Community College radio station WHFR is
      preparing to host a public presentation with Stanton Friedman in September 2007 at Henry Ford
      Community College, Dearborn, as part of our drive for youth membership in MUFON and public
      visibility for the organization. A similar prior presentation featuring Nick Redfern at Oakland
      Community College in 2005 successfully recruited active new young members to
      MUFON/MIMUFON.

     Identify and implement advantages of our newly attained 501(c)(3) status to help Michigan
      MUFON grow. Already, we have enjoyed tax free meals at our meeting place Walli’s and
      solicited for tax-deductible donations of library materials, office equipment, and money for
      Michigan MUFON from our members.

     Increase membership in both MUFON International and Michigan MUFON Inc.

     Identify methods to attract members and promote MUFON in underrepresented areas of
      Michigan.

     Carefully develop leadership in the counties of Michigan that have no State Section Director and
      appoint quality leadership.

     Expand our utilization of the Computer Management System (CMS) online sighting database.

     Identify and implement methods of improving and comprehensively completing a greater number
      of sighting and abduction investigations.

     Promote the professional investigation of UFO sightings and/ or abductions by maintaining open
      communication with local law enforcement and news media across the state of Michigan.

     Continue to inform the public about UFOlogy and promote MUFON through public relations
      efforts and participation in interviews and speaking engagements. Several of our Michigan
      members have in the past and continue to further engage in these activities. As just one
      successful entrepreneurial example of this, Michigan MUFON Newsletter Editor David Twichell
        has maintained a local cable access television program on UFOs called “We Are Not Alone” for
        several years and continues to produce new episodes, while also writing and publishing UFO-
        related books like his recent collaboration with MUFON Eastern Regional Director Maj. George
        Filer on the “Filer’s Files” book.

       Continue to support smaller local MUFON gatherings for members and others who may seek to
        discuss UFOlogy in a smaller, more personal environment.

       Update our MIMUFON store with new and different appealing items for purchase.

       Maintain a positive administrative attitude to continue full participation of all MUFON members,
        state officers and State Section Directors.

       Maintain open communication with the International Director, the International Board of Directors,
        and their support staff.

       Continue open lines of communication with all MUFON members.


Michigan is in strong shape and optimistically geared toward cooperative further growth. We are healthy
financially and are blessed with an active team of officers and general membership.

In short, Michigan MUFON looks forward to another good year.


        Respectfully submitted,

        William J. Konkolesky
        State Director Michigan Mutual UFO Network, Inc.
