{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T09:58:26Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 104248, "source_ctime_ns": 1788550921325157637, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/MUFON-Michigan-Annual-Report---2006.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788550921321419411, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/MUFON-Michigan-Annual-Report---2006.pdf", "source_sha256": "2a70b0e57881340cb87a6514a554d1b002eaff5a4528f5be5615ead4c987318e"}

ANNUAL REPORT OF THE MICHIGAN MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC.

TO THE INTERNATIONAL MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC.

PERIOD JUNE 1, 2005 THROUGH MAY 31, 2006


SUMMARY:

Membership:
   International Mutual UFO Network, Inc. members in Michigan per list by central office: 81
   Michigan MUFON, Inc. Membership: 80

      State Section Directors: 12
       Covering: 49 counties of 83 in Michigan

Treasury:
     Funds on hand $3482.97
     Merchandise in stock for sale $1428.00
     Estimated current value of office equipment and supplies $1048.46
     Estimated current value of library $1565
     Grand total: $9036.51.

   Our MIMUFON lending library currently officially has counted 450 books, 8 audiocassettes, 4 CD-
   ROMs, 254 periodicals, and 158 videocassettes/DVDs, (with over a hundred additional brand new
   items not yet catalogued at the time of this report). The video material includes copies of presenters
   we have hosted, as well as MIMUFON field investigator training.

   Income sources: dues, ($25.00 per mailing address, annually), sale of merchandise such as clothing,
   books, video tapes, newsletters, etc., speaker presentation and luncheon fees for membership
   meetings.

   Disbursements: membership meetings luncheon, speaker fees and expenses, newsletter printing,
   postage, state director incurred expenses, equipment rentals for membership meetings, office
   equipment and supply purchases, and deposits for contract on meeting place.

   The $25.00 dues per mailing address entitles the member household to the newsletter (generally 6
   times per year, delivered either in paper, or online cost-saving PDF format), opportunity to borrow
   books and tapes from the state MUFON library, available at all membership meetings, and all training
   sessions (training sessions are open to all MUFON members) and the opportunity to hear quality
   speakers at a discounted rate over non-members.

Meetings:

   State membership meetings were held in September 2005, November 2005, January 2006, March
   2006, and May 2006, with Field Investigator training before each except January’s meeting (where a
   movie was played, instead), and quality speakers on the agenda for the afternoon session. The
   general meeting schedule is available to the membership six months to one year in advance so
   everyone can plan ahead.

   The cost of our general meetings is $13 for MUFON and/or MIMUFON members, $15 for non-
   members, and $5 for first-time meeting attendees (regardless of membership status)
  In addition to the planning meetings and activities for the ramp-up to the Symposium, State Officer/
  Section Director Meetings were held in August 2005, September 2005, November 2005, January
  2006, March 2006, and May 2006. These meetings are for planning and finalizing meetings, general
  business, and for reports of treasury, special committees, and investigations.


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

     Michigan MUFON Inc proudly maintains its 501(c)(3) status, due chiefly to the hard work and
      efforts of Assistant State Director Wendy Smith.

     We have proudly welcomed a new State Section Director, Lisa Shiel, to cover the fifteen counties
      of Michigan’s Upper Peninsula.

     We continue to issue Michigan MUFON membership cards so that membership can be verified
      for internal uses like library lending and also for the value of promoting credibility of the
      organization to those outside of Michigan MUFON. These cards are laminated for durability.

     Local-level UFO discussion groups have been organized by Michigan MUFON’s Electronic Data
      Manager Jean Waskiewicz, State Section Director Gary Golem and members Kathy Doty, and
      Ann Huff.

     Presentations by State Director Bill Konkolesky on the topic of MUFON and UFOs were given to
      audiences at the Brandon Township Public Library in Ortonville, as well as Mystiques West
      Metaphysical Shop in Westland . These presentations were very well attended and the subject of
      UFOs was quite well received. Konkolesky was also interviewed on a handful of radio programs
      throughout the year.

     MIMUFON Inc held a profitable and well-attended public presentation with UFO
      investigator/author Nick Redfern in September 2005 at the Royal Oak, Michigan campus of
      Oakland Community College as part of our drive for youth membership in MUFON and public
      visibility for the organization. This presentation did attract two very active new members in their
      twenties, Chad (already a Field Investigator) and Lisa Stuemke.

     We have benefited from our recent technology initiative where we have acquired, through
      purchase and donation, some new and some used equipment, including: two laptop computers
      (one privately owned), a portable thermal computer printer, laminator, and a digital projector w/ 5’
      screen to support our meetings and presentations. The laptops and printer support the library
      and check-in desks at our meetings, as well as speaker presentations when connected to the
      projector. When any DVD players or VCR’s are brought to the meetings, they can also be
      connected to the projector for presentation purposes.

     The Michigan MUFON website, mimufon.org, updated and run by our Electronic Data Manager
      Jean Waskiewicz, continues to stay fresh and relevant with regular updates on current officer
      contact information, meeting details, plus news and other information that is important to our
      members, as well information necessary and helpful to those outside the organization who may
      want to know about us and/or need to reach us. Also, at our website, through the PayPal online
      payment service, MIMUFON store purchases can be made, dues can be paid, and meeting fees
      paid in advance.

     We continue to heartily increase the size of our Michigan MUFON library with books, tapes and
      DVDs. This was accomplished chiefly this year by donations from members and video recording
      our guest speakers. These items are kept in our library available for all MUFON members by our
      librarians David and Darlene Bleicher.
     Our MIMUFON store proves to be a continued success. We sell t-shirts, sweatshirts, caps,
      stickers, etc. with our Michigan MUFON logo. In addition, we also sell new and used books,
      periodicals, journals, and tapes.

     We continue sending invitations to membership meetings to all International members in
      Michigan to allow them the opportunity to hear speakers and associate with all MUFON
      members. This allows for more exposure to membership and increases our total local
      membership. We also maintain a mailing list of past members, new contacts, and other
      interested parties. These people will get a meeting announcement and a tickler article on the
      speaker by mail before each meeting. This has increased our meeting attendance and, in turn,
      promoted membership in MUFON and MIMUFON.

     The scheduled Field Investigator training, open to all MUFON members, has continued to be
      popular. Those individuals not a member of the Michigan MUFON are allowed to attend without
      paying MIMUFON dues. This enables all MUFON members to continue training and attend
      meetings to benefit from our speakers and to relate with others in MUFON. It also provides
      access to all Field Investigators and opportunities for SSD appointments.

     Due to geographic concentration of the membership, as well as budgetary considerations, the
      meeting place for all meetings is in the area of the city of Flint, not far from the Detroit Metro area.
      The restaurant where we meet is the best centralized location for the majority of the members.
      Our current average attendance is 30-40 people. There is a commitment from the facility to host
      us on a regularly scheduled program, which also includes a guarantee of meal cost per person.

     In 2005-2006 we continued with a management team that includes many state officers involved in
      various decision-making processes.


GOALS:

     Identify and implement advantages of our newly attained 501(c)(3) status to help Michigan
      MUFON grow. Already, we have enjoyed tax free meals at our meeting place Walli’s and
      solicited for tax-deductible donations of library materials, office equipment, and money for
      Michigan MUFON from our members.

     Increase membership in both MUFON International and Michigan MUFON Inc.

     Identify methods to attract members and promote MUFON in underrepresented areas of
      Michigan.

     Carefully develop leadership in the counties of Michigan that have no State Section Director and
      appoint quality leadership.

     Expand our utilization of the Computer Management System (CMS) online sighting database.

     Identify and implement methods of improving and comprehensively completing a greater number
      of sighting and abduction investigations.

     Promote the professional investigation of UFO sightings and/ or abductions by maintaining open
      communication with local law enforcement and news media across the state of Michigan.

     Continue to inform the public about UFOlogy and promote MUFON through public relations
      efforts and participation in interviews and speaking engagements. Several of our Michigan
      members have in the past and continue to further engage in these activities. As just one
      successful entrepreneurial example of this, Michigan MUFON Newsletter Editor David Twichell
        has maintained a local cable access television program on UFOs called “We Are Not Alone” for
        several years and continues to produce new episodes, while also writing and publishing UFO-
        related books like his recent collaboration with MUFON Eastern Regional Director Maj. George
        Filer on the “Filer’s Files” book.

       Continue to support smaller local MUFON gatherings for members and others who may seek to
        discuss UFOlogy in a smaller, more personal environment.

       Maintain a positive administrative attitude to continue full participation of all MUFON members,
        state officers and State Section Directors.

       Maintain open communication with the International Director and his staff.

       Continue open lines of communication with all MUFON members.


Michigan is in strong shape and optimistically geared toward cooperative further growth. We are healthy
financially and are blessed with an active team of officers and general membership.

In short, Michigan MUFON looks forward to another good year.


        Respectfully submitted,

        William J. Konkolesky
        State Director Michigan Mutual UFO Network, Inc.
