{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T21:14:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 100840, "source_ctime_ns": 1790208659358039251, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/MUFON-Michigan-Annual-Report---2009.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790208659351043502, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/MUFON-Michigan-Annual-Report---2009.pdf", "source_sha256": "b545084e931f3d23e9ff964ee13c481017b85bf113569bf0d234894bb3640bec"}

ANNUAL REPORT OF THE MICHIGAN MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC.

TO THE INTERNATIONAL MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC.

PERIOD JUNE 1, 2008 THROUGH MAY 31, 2009


SUMMARY:

Membership:
   International Mutual UFO Network, Inc. members in Michigan per list by central office: 88
   Michigan MUFON, Inc. Membership: 135

Current Officers:
     State Director: William Konkolesky
     Assistant State Directors: Patty Donahue (Administration), Wendy Smith (Financial)
     Chief Investigator: Gary Golem
     Regional State Section Directors: John Castle (SW Region), Gary Golem (SE Region), Sunny
        Young (N Region)
     State Section Directors of Selected Counties: Dave Bleicher (Genessee, Lapeer), Judy Kulka
        (Grand Traverse, Leelanau, Kalkaska, Antrim), Harold Marquardt (Macomb), Zach Smith (Eaton,
        Jackson, Ingham, Shiawassee)
     Electronic Data Manager: Jean Waskiewicz
     Director of Public Relations and Newsletter Editor: David Twichell
     Librarians: David and Darlene Bleicher
     Consultants: Linda and William Murphy
     Webmaster: William Konkolesky

Investigation:
     193 UFO sightings reported
     193 investigations into those sightings completed

Treasury:
     Bank Balance and cash on hand $3357.63
       (does not include value of library items, store merchandise, or office equipment)

    Income sources: dues, ($25.00 per mailing address, annually), sale of merchandise such as clothing,
    books, video tapes, newsletters, etc., speaker presentation and luncheon fees for membership
    meetings.

    Disbursements: membership meetings luncheon, speaker fees and expenses, newsletter printing,
    postage, state director incurred expenses, equipment rentals for membership meetings, office
    equipment and supply purchases, and deposits for contract on meeting place.

    The $25.00 dues per mailing address entitles the member household to the newsletter (6 times per
    year, delivered either in paper, or online cost-saving PDF format), opportunity to borrow books and
    tapes from the state MUFON library, available at all membership meetings, and all training sessions
    (training sessions are open to all MUFON members) and the opportunity to hear quality speakers at a
    discounted rate over non-members.

Meetings:
  State membership meetings were held in September 2008, November 2008, January 2009, March
  2009, and May 2009, with Field Investigator training before each meeting and quality speakers on the
  agenda for the afternoon session. The general meeting schedule is available to the membership
  several months in advance so everyone can plan ahead.

  Currently, the cost of our general meetings is $14 for MUFON and/or MIMUFON members, $16 for
  non-members, and $5 for first-time meeting attendees (regardless of membership status)

  State Officer / Section Director Meetings were held as part of each of our state membership
  meetings. These meetings are for planning and finalizing meetings, general business, and for reports
  of treasury, special committees, and investigations.


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

     Michigan MUFON Inc proudly maintains its 501(c)(3) status, due chiefly to the diligent efforts of
      Assistant State Director Wendy Smith. Several members have taken advantage of this status to
      offer our organization generous tax-deductible donations, as well.

     Michigan has welcomed a new Assistant State Director (Administration) in Patty Donahue.

     Michigan has new sage Consultants in Linda and Bill Murphy.

     Michigan MUFON Chief Investigatorship changed hands from Sunny Young to Gary Golem, both
      demonstrating outstanding leadership in this role.

     MIMUFON’s regularly scheduled Field Investigator training at our meetings, led by Chief
      Investigator Gary Golem and open to all MUFON members, has continued to be popular. Those
      individuals not a member of the Michigan MUFON are allowed to attend without paying
      MIMUFON dues. This enables all MUFON members to continue training and attend meetings to
      benefit from our speakers and to relate with others in MUFON.

     Our driven investigators, helped in great part by many new investigators joining the team,
      completed an impressive 193 sighting reports out of 193 sightings received.

     Michigan has joined MUFON’s Star Impact Project, being headed in Michigan by Gary Golem
      with Field Investigator participation from Patty Donahue, David Twichell, and Dan Marcelain.

     Michigan has introduced a new Regional State Section Director position this year to assist with
      investigation management. In this model, the state has been divided into three sections with one
      Regional SSD per each region to help provide timely investigation completion. This has proven
      to be successful, so far.

     Presentations by State Director Bill Konkolesky on the topic of MUFON and UFOs were given to
      audiences at multiple public libraries and other welcoming venues. These presentations were
      usually well attended and the subject of UFOs was quite well received.

     Michigan MUFON assisted the History Channel’s UFO Hunters for their “UFO Emergency”
      episode by providing information on the 1994 Holland area flap.

     Michigan MUFON possesses and/or has readily available technology hardware including: laptop
      computers, a digital projector, overhead projector, DVD, VCR, 5’ movie screen, professional
      microphone, studio grade amplifier, webcam, portable thermal computer printer, laminator, and
      fax machine. Our guest presenters at our meetings and our members in the audience enjoy the
      high level of audio-visual support we are able to provide.
     The Michigan MUFON website, mimufon.org, updated and run by State Director Bill Konkolesky,
      continues to stay fresh and relevant with regular updates on current officer contact information,
      meeting details, plus news and other information that is important to our members, as well
      information necessary and helpful to those outside the organization who may want to know about
      us and/or need to reach us. Also, at our website, through the PayPal online payment service,
      Michigan membership dues can be paid.

     The Michigan MUFON members lending library, containing more than 1000 items, continues to
      be popular with available books, tapes and DVDs. The library is maintained through the hard
      work and dedication of our librarians David and Darlene Bleicher.

     Our MIMUFON store, run by Patty Donahue, proves to be a continued success. We sell t-shirts,
      sweatshirts, caps, stickers, etc. with our Michigan MUFON logo. In addition, we also sell new and
      used books, periodicals, journals, and tapes.

     We continue to issue Michigan MUFON membership cards so that membership can be verified
      for internal uses like library lending and also for the value of promoting credibility of the
      organization to those outside of Michigan MUFON. These cards are laminated for durability.

     Due to geographic concentration of the membership, as well as budgetary considerations, the
      meeting place for all meetings is in the area of the city of Flint, not far from the Detroit Metro area.
      The restaurant where we meet is the best centralized location for the majority of the members.
      Our current average attendance is about 40 people. There is a commitment from the facility to
      host us on a regularly scheduled program, which also includes a guarantee of meal cost per
      person.

     In 2008-2009 we continued with a management team that includes many state officers involved in
      various decision-making processes.


GOALS:

     Identify and implement advantages of our 501(c)(3) status to help Michigan MUFON grow.
      Already, we have enjoyed tax free meals at our meeting place Walli’s and solicited for tax-
      deductible donations of library materials, office equipment, and money for Michigan MUFON from
      our members.

     Increase membership in both MUFON International and Michigan MUFON Inc.

     Identify methods to attract members and promote MUFON in underrepresented areas of
      Michigan.

     Identify and implement methods of improving and comprehensively completing a greater number
      of sighting and abduction investigations.

     Promote the professional investigation of UFO sightings and/ or abductions by maintaining open
      communication with local law enforcement and news media across the state of Michigan.

     Continue to inform the public about UFOlogy and promote MUFON through public relations
      efforts and participation in interviews and speaking engagements. Several of our Michigan
      members have in the past and continue to further engage in these activities. As just one
      successful entrepreneurial example of this, Michigan MUFON Newsletter Editor David Twichell
      continues to maintain his local UFO radio program “We Are Not Alone” through Henry Ford
      Community College.
       Continue to support smaller local MUFON gatherings for members and others who may seek to
        discuss UFOlogy in a smaller, more personal environment.

       Develop and implement fundraising tactics for our State organization.

       Update our MIMUFON store with new and different appealing items for purchase.

       Maintain a positive administrative attitude to continue full participation of all MUFON members,
        state officers and State Section Directors.

       Maintain open communication with the International Director, the International Board of Directors,
        and their support staff.

       Continue open lines of communication with all MUFON members.


Michigan is in strong shape and optimistically geared toward cooperative further growth. We are healthy
financially and are blessed with an active team of officers and general membership.

In short, Michigan MUFON looks forward to another good year.


        Respectfully submitted,

        William J. Konkolesky
        State Director Michigan Mutual UFO Network, Inc.
