{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T10:59:56Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 52299, "source_ctime_ns": 1788558455820037422, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-10-No-01---1996.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788558455818040082, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-10-No-01---1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "7e775f3a7811cf0a05fb3ed9c5896292c95a988273473ccf87acab54275a7efe"}

The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 10 Number 1                         www.ntskeptics.org                           January 1996


  In this month's issue:
          Satan will get you if you don't watch out
          The Ape-man within
          The third eye
          Healthy skepticism


  Satan will get you if you don't watch out
   (Moral Panics and a struggle for control of the means of cultural reproduction among a sample of college students)

  by Lonnie Roy, Raymond A. Eve, Anson Shupe

  (This is Part 1 of a two-part article.)

  Recent episodes of collective behavior indicate a widespread and apparently rapidly growing fear of activities by
  alleged covens of violent Satanic cultists. The authors, using data collected from students at The University of Texas at
  Arlington in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex area, present the argument that while conservative Christianity is
  correlated with the fear of Satanism, a far more influential source of these “moral panics” lies in diffuse anxieties
  associated with a status politics based struggle to control the means of cultural reproduction. Among this sample of
  students we found high levels of the fear of Satanism, conservative Christian beliefs, and concern for the protection of
  conservative Christian values and world view in society. Conventional measures of conservative Christianity were
  correlated to fear of Satanism, but not as strongly as were the status politics measures.

  An Exaggerated Fear?

  There is much evidence recently in the mass media of increasing public fear that the United States has been overrun by
  covens of violent Satanists, which routinely engage in kidnapping, sexual molestation, and even human sacrifice
  (particularly of young children). It can be argued that this fear is fueled in part by mass media ever ready for
  sensationalist material, and in part by moral entrepreneurs (e.g., Hahaner, 1988; Johnson, 1989) both of whom find a
  ready audience, especially among conservative Christians (Melton, 1986: 76). One symptomatic expression of this
  phenomenon is a periodic resurfacing of a rumor that “blue-eyed, blond-haired virgins” will be sacrificed by local cults
  of Devil-worshippers during the Halloween season. In recent years some sociologists (e.g., Roy, 1991; Shupe 1991b;
  Victor, 1990) have reported identical rumors of this sort in dozens of sites across the United States. They occurred in
  areas as diverse as New Mexico, Montana, Indiana, Kentucky, New York, and Texas. The following case study,
  witnessed by one of the authors, will acquaint the reader with more details of the general pattern.

  The month of October 1989 was particularly dramatic in one North-Central Texas community. Not content with seeing
  the onset of Halloween as merely symbolic of a festive day of ghosts and goblins, many of the inhabitants of


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1996/1996january/january1996.htm[16/01/2023 09:55:09]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  “Texasville” became convinced that they were about to be overwhelmed by a wave of Satanic cult activities. The local
  media (newspaper and radio) devoted considerable coverage to allegation that such activities were indeed underway in
  the area. Potential Satanic skullduggery was front-page news for several weeks in Texasville (even the large city papers
  began following the story). Satanists, it was rumored, were planning the abduction, or even the sacrifice, of blond-
  haired, blue-eyed children in Texasville several days prior to Halloween. At one junior high school, some children were
  rumored to have received black roses from cult members as a sign that they had been chosen for abduction. Anyone
  who wore black clothes was inviting the label of potential or actual Satanist.

  There were reports of “Satanic” adolescents recruiting new members at various local high schools. Several teachers
  claimed to have been harassed by an ever increasing number of adolescent cult members who were allegedly involved
  in Satanic crimes.1 It was rumored that many mothers were going to keep their children home from school on the day
  the alleged abductions were to occur. Rumors of animal sacrifices and graveyard atrocities circulated freely.

  In response to this tense situation, a public forum was held on October 12 at the Civic Center of the county seat in this
  North Texas county. 
Approximately 400 people (including one of us) turned out to attend this forum, which was
  “standing-room only.” (The population of the county seat is about 22,100 persons).

  Four guest speakers appeared at the forum: the county sheriff, the sheriff of an adjoining county, a psychologist from
  the Ft. Worth Care Unit Hospital, and a representative of Lyndon LaRouche's organization. 
(LaRouche, it will be
  remembered, is a conservative politician and ex-presidential candidate who is currently languishing in Federal prison on
  charges of fraud.)

  The only speaker who tried to calm those in attendance was the local county sheriff. He reported that all investigations
  of Satanic occult activities had turned up no evidence of such activities. Furthermore, he added, no one had been
  arrested or even charged with being involved in such activities. The other speakers at this forum, however, proclaimed
  the danger of Satanism to be imminent.

  At one point during the forum, the one of us in attendance overheard several terrified teenage girls telephoning their
  parents and requesting that they pick them up because they were afraid to leave the building unaccompanied by an
  adult. The girls were in attendance (as were many other adolescents) because many teachers in the city had suggested to
  their students that they should attend the forum. Some schools even distributed handbills announcing the forum to
  students (including elementary schools — a third grade child provided us with such a handbill).

  If all the allegations by the “anti-Satanists” could be substantiated, North Americans would have a grievous problem
  indeed. There is, however, a growing body of research by social scientists (see Richardson, Best, and Bromley, 1991,
  for one of the largest and best compilations of such research; also see Shupe, 1991a; Victor, 1991, 1990; Damphousse
  and Crouch 1992), which casts grievous doubt on most of these claims. 
In addition, law enforcement officials (Hicks,
  1991, 1990, 1989; Lanning, 1989), and journalists (Lyons, 1988) have strongly indicated that such fears about
  widespread, pernicious, organized Satanic activities are largely unfounded. Carlson and Larue (1989: 5-6) have
  concluded that, “When the evidence is considered in total, the conclusion is obvious: 
Neither Satanism nor Devil-
  worship is a threat to our society.” While no one can prove conclusively that Satanic crimes have not occurred, and we
  would certainly not condone even a single instance, the Satanic crime threat appears grossly exaggerated and
  empirically unsupported.

  The Etiology of a Moral Panic

  Inasmuch as there is little scientific evidence supporting the existence of extensive Satanic cult activities, why then do
  so many people think otherwise? More specifically, are there certain social characteristics that make some individuals
  fertile ground for the acceptance of the “factuality” of the Satanism rumors? Theologically, conservative Christianity,
  with its preoccupation with Beelzebub, has been suggested as a bearer of much of the responsibility for the continued
  existence of fears about Satanism in North America (Melton, 1986: 76). Indeed, Balch and Gilliam (1991) in an in-
  depth study of rumor distribution and contagion in one Montana city, found that fundamentalists were the most likely to
  believe, and to pass on, rumors about alleged Satanic activity. However, in another study (of North American
  teenagers) religion was not consistently related to “having friends” involved in Satanic activities (Swatos, 1992: 
165).


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1996/1996january/january1996.htm[16/01/2023 09:55:09]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  The Struggle to Control the Means of Cultural Reproduction

  Much of the fear of organized Satanism can be explained by existing concepts of collective behavior. Particularly
  relevant is the notion of “moral panics.” Cohen (1972: 9) suggested that moral panics occur when:

  A condition, episode, person or group of persons emerges to become defined as a threat to societal values and interests:
  Its nature is presented in a stylized and stereotypical fashion by the mass media; the moral barricades are manned by
  editors, bishops, politicians, and other right-thinking people; [and] socially accredited experts pronounce their diagnoses
  and solutions . . .

  It has also been noted that moral panics often have their flames fanned vigorously by what Becker (1973) has termed
  “moral entrepreneurs.” 
Moral entrepreneurs are often persons engaged in labeling what they perceive as various forms
  of wrongdoing. These entrepreneurs seek to promulgate their ideas among members of the society most likely to
  sympathize with their cause in order to get a norm or belief instituted in that society.

  It is a truism that groups and subcultures often form their own moral values, personal interests, and/or world views.
  These groups often end by competing with one another for the implementation and enforcement of their own particular
  norms by the social control agencies (i.e., police agencies, religious institutions, and schools). This competition results
  in power conflicts regarding just whose set of norms or whose world view will ultimately prevail (Vold 1958: 279-80).
  Moral crusaders have not always resisted the temptation to instigate moral panics in an effort to draw public attention to
  specific behaviors that they view as deviant. By stigmatizing the actors, they hope to reshape moral boundaries more to
  their own liking, and in some cases to profit financially from such a redefinition. Through moral panics, such
  entrepreneurs seek legislation and other social control measures to further define the moral boundaries and ensure the
  dominance of their own particular world view (BenYehuda 1990, Goode 1989, Schur 1980, Shupe and Bromley 1980,
  Cohen 1972, and Gusfield 1963).

  Carlson and Larue (1989: 143-154) provide a long list of contemporary “moral entrepreneurs” operating in the area of
  the Satanism issue. 
They range from media and political interest groups (e.g., the LaRouche organization and Geraldo
  Rivera), to multitudes of conservative Christians, and even to police officials and consultants. A number of these
  individuals travel about giving seminars to community organizations, local churches, and law enforcement agencies in
  an attempt to convince their audiences of an imminent Satanic threat (Carlson and Larue 1989; Hicks 1989, 1990;
  Lanning 1989; Alexander 1990; Shupe 1990; Victor 1991).

  At the Civic Center forum described earlier we found representatives of the Republican Women's Association, an
  adjoining county's sheriff's office, and a representative of the LaRouche organization. LaRouche's organization is
  intimately connected to the Federalist Press, which has produced a series of anti-Satanist materials. One of these
  publications, “Is Satan in Your Schoolyard?” (1989), was distributed freely at the meeting. 
The magazine claimed that
  the First Episcopal Church of New York was the home of the Satanist conspiracy in the United States, their Bishop was
  their leader and Dungeons & Dragons, rock music, and Wagner's operas were some of their “tools” used to corrupt the
  youth of America. 
All these individuals expounded the position that the only way to deal with the alleged Satanic threat
  was to turn back to conservative Christianity and to create more church involvement among young people. Their intent
  seemed to be to create a generalized belief in the county, which asserts the existence of widespread moral deterioration
  in American society, resulting in the pervasiveness of Satanic occult activities.

  Moreover, the moral panic over Satanism is an example of what Page and Clelland (1978: 347) define as “the politics
  of lifestyle concern,” that is, the “attempt to defend a way of life.” In such an effort, individuals (whether part of a mass
  public or an organized social movement) are locked in a struggle to control the means of socialization of their offspring
  (and hence the cultural reproduction of their group's values and world view). In order to propagate a certain lifestyle
  and world view, one must have at least some control over the institutions of socialization and social control. Thus, the
  “struggle” occurs in classrooms, courtrooms, and the legislatures — precisely the same institutions that “sanctify” which
  norms and values are “correct.” The loss of this control reduces any group's ability to transmit the values and moral
  codes that govern member's sense of normative human existence. Thus, encroachments on these morals or values — or
  even perceived encroachments — become attacks on their lifestyle. And certain issues, like Satanism, become symbolic
  strains sensed to be undermining valued, traditional society.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1996/1996january/january1996.htm[16/01/2023 09:55:09]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  The Satanism scare appears to have a fundamental similarity with other episodes of collective behavior and lifestyle
  defense, such as antipornography campaigns (Zurcher, et al., 1972), textbook content controversies (Page and Clelland,
  1978), and the creation/evolution debate (Eve and Harrold, 1991). It can be hypothesized here that the explanatory
  importance of the politics of lifestyle concern is as influential as is religious conservatism in the generation of moral
  panics over Satanism. At the heart of the Satanist moral panic may be the desire among many conservative Christians to
  preserve or promote conservative Christianity in public life; thus, defending or revitalizing a lifestyle based on
  conservative Christian values, which is perceived to be under attack or decaying in society today.

  Specifically, then we hypothesize:

  1. The more religiously conservative individuals' attitudes, the greater the probability that those individuals will feel
  threatened by Satanism.
  2. Respondent's fears of Satanism will be positively associated with religious conservatism but even more strongly
  associated with their respective levels of concern for the protection of conservative Christian values and world view.

  END NOTES
  1. A recent study by Damphousse and Crouch (1992) of youths incarcerated by the Texas Youth Commission during a
  six month period in 1989 found that less than 10% of all delinquents admitted to the state reception center had been
  involved in Satanic rituals. Moreover, they report that there was no statistically significant difference in the level of
  delinquency between “Satanists” and “non-Satanists.”

  . . . . . . . . . 
. . . . . . . .
  Lonnie Roy is with The University of North Texas. Raymond Eve is a professor with the Department of Sociology and
  Anthropology at The University of Texas at Arlington and is a technical advisor for the NTS. 
Anson Shupe is with
  Indiana University-Purdue University at Fort Wayne, IN. Address all correspondence to Raymond A. Eve, Department
  of Sociology and Anthropology, The University of Texas at Arlington, Texas 76019.

  [Back to top]


  The Ape-Man Within
  L. Sprague de Camp. Prometheus Books, Buffalo, 1995. 266 pages (bibliography). $25.95.

  Reviewed by John Blanton

  Where we came from has made us what we are. This is the theme of Sprague de Camp's latest non-fiction work. Our
  ancestors were wild animals who somehow domesticated themselves and ratcheted their way up in steps to what we
  know as civilized society. We dress ourselves in fine silk and go to the opera and to the ballet, and we probe the depths
  of the atom and visit nearby planets, but our daily actions belie all this pretense and show us to be the product of our
  forefathers after all.

  The “theratics” were the hunter-gatherers, little removed from roving packs of ground-dwelling apes. Next came the
  “georgics,” who improved their lot over the theratic existence by staying in one place and obtaining reliable sources of
  food from the land and from captive animals. 
Then came the “astics,” builders and inhabitants of cities. The
  development of crafts is prominent in this stage. Finally, we have become the “dynatics,” exerting our power over our
  environment. This progression has come as a consequence of, and often in spite of, the psyche we inherited from our
  unwashed predecessors.

  Critics of social Darwinism stand clear, for your nemesis runs free in this book. Darwinism explains all: love, jealousy,
  rage, hatred, racism, and even self-sacrifice. Whether the connections be cause and effect or just post hoc
  rationalization, the reader cannot deny the compelling arguments. Why do people kill without profit? 
Why do we
  divide ourselves by erecting artificial boundaries of race and culture? Why does belief in religion persist in the face of
  overwhelming counter evidence?


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1996/1996january/january1996.htm[16/01/2023 09:55:09]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  In this book we are pointedly reminded of much that we already know (or should know). There is less genetic
  difference between humans and chimpanzees than there is between chimpanzees and gorillas, and in the social and
  sexual antics of chimps and other apes we see reflections of our own society. Despite all this, the author emphasizes
  that heredity does not excuse antisocial activity; morality, after all, being a human invention. There are also some
  surprises for those of us who haven't checked out the sections on archeology and anthropology in the library. For
  example, the tales of Moses and the exodus from Egypt seem contrary to evidence that the people involved really
  migrated down from the North. (Furthermore, if the Jews did migrate from Egypt, they forgot to tell the Egyptians they
  were leaving, or else the Egyptians forgot to write it down.) And finally we are told more about a certain female gorilla
  named Congo than we really wanted to know.

  Do not look here for hope and reaffirmation. On this matter the writer is gloomy and more pessimistic than I can allow
  myself to be. 
Sprague de Camp's views on religion are no secret, and one would expect to find in him a general
  condemnation of it. However, with surprising cynicism he acknowledges its necessity. Never having inherited real
  altruism, we require an imaginary, authoritarian presence to continually threaten us with punishment and to cajole us
  with the promise of reward in order to keep us from seeking short term gain through socially destructive conduct.

  This book is not based on objective science, though there are research citations aplenty to establish its modern
  knowledge base. Prominent Darwinists, Stephen Jay Gould included, will disagree with many of its conclusions.
  Instead, this is a statement of the philosophy, the observations, of a modern man. It is told, not in narrative form, but
  more as a diary, as though the author is gathering a lifetime of experience and revealing it in a conversation with the
  reader. Several points are restated frequently throughout the book whenever discussion of a new subject recalls them.
  Read this as the wisdom of one who has trod the length and breadth of the Twentieth-Century. You will hardly find a
  better perspective.

  [Back to top]


  The Third Eye
  NEWS AND COMMENTARY FROM THE WEIRD WORLD OF THE MEDIA
  By Pat Reeder

  We are between Christmas and New Years as I write this, and I am filled with the joy of the season! Happiness
  abounds, and my soul o'erflows with good cheer! Why? Because the Attorney General recently announced the arrests
  of 422 fraudulent telemarketers in 15 states, who, if I get my cherished holiday wish, will soon be spending many
  Happy New Years to come in dark, dank, cold, slimy stone prison cells with concrete slabs for bedding and a hole in the
  ground for a toilet! God bless us, every one!

  Perhaps you think I am being, to use the most fatuous and overworked cliché of the 1990s, "mean-spirited"? Then let
  me tell you how I define "mean." "Mean" is someone who calls up senior citizens, tells them they've won a fabulous
  prize but must give a credit card number to collect, then maxes out his victim's credit line before he even hangs up the
  phone. "Mean" is someone who steals a widow's life savings . . . and not just one widow, but widows all over America,
  to the tune of $40 billion a year. "Mean" is someone who, when the hard sell tactics aren't working, begins verbally
  abusing his elderly victim, reducing her to tears as he snarls that if she doesn't give him her credit card number, then
  (and I quote verbatim from an FBI wiretap), "You're going into your grave a loser! A big loser!"

  It is lowlife scum of this sort, the type who prey on the fears and gullibility of the elderly, who led me into skeptics
  groups in the first place, and who keep me fired up on this subject. Every so often, I start to tire of this uphill battle: I
  see so many people willing and eager to support con men, spending all their disposable income on psychic hotlines or
  alien autopsy videos or foolproof lottery systems, that I start to say to myself, "Oh, why bother?! If they're THAT
  stupid, then let 'em die penniless!" And then, along comes a story like this one, which reminds me anew of why it's
  important to keep fighting: because anyone who would use cruel lies and scare tactics to take advantage of our most

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1996/1996january/january1996.htm[16/01/2023 09:55:09]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  vulnerable citizens in order to increase his or her own wealth and power — be it a fraudulent telemarketer, a phony
  roofing contractor, a televangelist faith healer, a gypsy curse lifter, or a political demagogue — should be hunted down,
  exposed, and punished to the full extent of the law. 
And then some.

  My Christmas message to all the stung telephone scammers is that I hope you enjoy a nice, long life sentence without
  possibility of parole in that smelly, horrendous hellhole of a prison I was just describing. Every night, may visions of
  group showers with hulking, tattooed serial killers dance in your rotten little heads. And may you go into your graves
  losers. Big losers.

  Ho! Ho! Ho!


                                                                           ...
  Unfortunately, my happy holiday mood was temporarily undermined by the news that the CIA had spent 20 years and
  $20 million on a program called "Stargate," which gathered self-proclaimed psychics together at Fort Meade, Maryland,
  to chant, squint at maps they can't read, and attempt to locate kidnapped diplomats and secret nuclear missile sites.
  Among their assignments: pinpointing the location of Libyan tyrant Moammar Gadhafi for the 1986 bombing (we
  bombed his BEDROOM, a really good guess, but he turned out not to be home) and locating Brig. Gen. James L.
  Dozier, who was kidnapped by Red Brigades terrorists in Italy in 1981 (he was eventually freed by Italian police,
  apparently with no help from the CIA's psychic circle jerks). They were also asked to beam brain waves at Saddam
  Hussein during the Persian Gulf War to scramble his thought processes, as if he needed any help in that regard. Prof.
  Ray Hyman, who was asked to evaluate the program, concluded that "there's no evidence these people have done
  anything helpful for the government" (but then, you could say the same thing about the Commerce Department).

  Once this news broke, I braced myself for the worst: dozens of "genuine, certified psychics" swarming over the
  airwaves, declaring this to be validation of their sorry profession and confirmation of what they had always said about
  the government knowing that psychic powers were real. And to some extent, that happened. (From my point of view,
  all it did was confirm what I've always said: that Washington is filled with utter nincompoops who spend at least 50% of
  their work day dreaming up new and ever more ridiculous ways to flush my tax dollars down the sewer.) But to my
  astonishment and relief, the reaction from the media was almost universally skeptical.

  Jay Leno, David Letterman and Conan O'Brian had a field day with the story (one recurring joke theme was the way the
  $20 million for psychics added up fast, at $3.99 a minute). Nightline took a more serious approach, with Ted Koppel
  grilling former CIA Director Robert Gates, who claimed that most of the Intelligence community was very skeptical of
  psychic research, and only got into it because they knew the Soviets were doing it, and because some individual
  members of Congress pushed it (let this be a lesson: NEVER confuse Congress with Intelligence!). Gates said he might
  listen to a psychic as a last ditch effort to corroborate information on finding a missing person, but would never act on a
  psychic's info alone. 
But another Nightline panelist, who had helped supervise the program, combined ESP with C-Y-A
  by insisting that "there was too much there to deny it." As evidence, he described the type of remote viewing mentalism
  tricks which can be purchased at Magicland, and he declared with pride that the psychics were right about 15% of the
  time. Only among government bureaucrats and psychics is being right 15% of the time considered to be a sign of
  supernatural ability.
  Koppel did a good job, but I'm still waiting for someone to ask these people the ultimate question about project
  Stargate: "If the CIA had six of the best psychics in America all concentrating around the clock for 20 years, how come
  they never picked up on the fact that Aldrich Ames was a double agent, and most of the information the CIA gathered
  during the '80s was coming straight from the Kremlin?" Maybe Gorbachev was jamming their brain waves with half a
  dozen psychics of his own.


                                                                           ...
  ABC let viewers down considerably with a special that was promoted for two weeks as a "scientific test" of paranormal


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1996/1996january/january1996.htm[16/01/2023 09:55:09]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  claims. This misnamed special, Ghosts, Mediums, Psychics: Put To The Test, turned out to be a silly hack job straight
  out of the Rupert Murdoch/Fox Network pseudoscience sausage factory. All the hallmarks were there: Generic Twinkie
  hosts and hostesses, some with British or Australian accents; spooky music behind the "documentary" footage, in this
  case, the type of "Swingle Singers Do Gregorian Chants" stuff made famous in all those godawful Omen movies; 
a
  psychic who claims that he, too, is a "SKEPTIC, BUT . . ."; credits listing an independent production company, with no
  input from the ABC News division; no skeptical investigators or professional magicians present to spot trickery during
  the filming of the alleged events (a magician was allowed to inspect a "haunted house" for wires and other devices hours
  beforehand, but was not present for actual filming of the "ghostly manifestations"). 
Only the reporters, whose names
  and qualifications were unknown to me (or to anyone else, I'd wager), were present to pass judgment on the remote
  viewings or psychic readings.
  The only good thing about this show was the fact that it was opposite Friends, so I was probably the only person in
  America who actually sat through the stupid thing. Next time ABC wants to test psychics, I would suggest they begin
  the process by picking up the phone and dialing James Randi. Then, it would not only be done right, it might actually
  stand a chance of being entertaining.


                                                                           ...
  The Orange County, California, Treasurer who managed to lose billions of dollars and bankrupt one of the richest
  county governments in America has admitted that he was getting financial advice from a mail order astrologer.
  Apparently, in Orange County, wishing on a star is considered a sound investment strategy.


                                                                           ...
  A fundamentalist Christian minister in south Ft. Worth decided that he could no longer sit idly by and watch parents
  encourage children to believe in a mythical superbeing (yes, you read that right), so he ignited a furor by putting up a
  sign in front of his church which read, "Why not tell your children the truth? There is no Santa Claus. Jesus is the
  reason for the season."

  I'm torn on this one: while I'm not crazy about the idea of promulgating belief in mythical beings, I'd certainly prefer
  that kids believe in Santa Claus than in the Loch Ness Monster, autopsied space aliens, or Robert Tilton. And if you
  really told them the truth about Christmas, then you'd have to tell them that nobody really knows when Jesus was born,
  so Christianity usurped a perfectly good pagan festival. I also wonder if this minister would be quite as keen a booster
  of the First Amendment if a group of atheists put up a sign on the highway across from his church, reading, "Why not
  tell your kids the truth? There is no God." 
Just a thought.

  In a related story, a vicar in a Church of England parish was forced to apologize after he declared during a Christmas
  sermon that Jesus was real, but Santa and the Easter Bunny were "just your parents." He was suddenly faced with a
  church full of shocked, crying children and furious parishioners. However, he did assure himself a place in history as
  the only Church of England vicar whose congregation was ever awake enough to hear his sermon.


                                                                           ...
  Finally, an update on Fox's Alien Autopsy video. Despite what the producers might like you to believe, there has still
  been no testing to prove that the film stock was made in 1947, much less that the image on it was filmed in 1947. The
  much-ballyhooed 1947 stock code submitted to Kodak was in fact just a frame from the leader, or the blank film at the
  beginning of the reel. It could have come from any reel of film, not even necessarily from the autopsy film. Offers by
  Kodak to examine the actual alien footage for free have been rebuffed: the producer of the TV special, Ray Santilli,
  claims the owner of the film will not release it for testing. Otherwise, I'm sure he would be jumping at the chance to test
  it, now that all those syndication checks have cleared.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1996/1996january/january1996.htm[16/01/2023 09:55:09]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  Phil Klass has also noted that there is a wall phone with a curly cord in the autopsy room. The curly cord was not
  introduced by AT&T until 1949, and it wasn't put on wall phones until 1956. As they say on the planet Antares,
  "Oops!" This nugget of info was picked up by syndicated columnist Joel Achenbach, who wrote an excellent history of
  the whole dubious Roswell story for his "Why Things Are" column, which runs in the Today section of the Dallas
  Morning News. He wrapped up by noting that all the outrageous claims, contradictions, and factual lapses in the story
  don't mean it DIDN'T happen, "But if we have to pick something unprovable in which to invest our faith, we might pick
  something like 'Love conquers all' rather than 'Government has E.T. on ice.'"

  This column appeared on Christmas Day. So yes, Virginia, there IS a Santa Claus!

  [Back to top]


  Healthy skepticism
  By Tim Gorski, M.D.

  You might not want to read this month's column if you're eating or just ate. I'm afraid it might spoil your appetite or
  cause indigestion. So consider yourself warned.— T.G.

  Some current quackery is literal sewage. We're talking poop and pee, folks. Just consider . . .

  Algal Vitamin B12

  Blue-green algae continues to be promoted as “nature's perfect food” and the like by a growing army of distributors
  currently numbering as many 185,000 nationwide. Strict vegetarians, especially, are often urged to ingest this “dietary
  supplement” because of its supposedly being a rich source of vitamin B12, a substance which is absent from plants and
  their products.

  Yet blue-green algae is a photosynthetic microorganism — a plant — though with some bacterial features as well. So
  where does it get all that vitamin B12? According to Varro Tyler, Ph.D., a recognized authority on pharmacognosy (the
  science of plant medicinals) and a member of the faculty of Purdue University: “Probably most of . . . [the vitamin B12
  content of blue-green algae] is due to the fact that the stuff is grown in . . . lakes . . . in Mexico that are contaminated
  with fecal matter; and the feces, of course, animals feces, have considerable B12 in them. . . . I suspect that's where most
  of it comes from, the stuff being not thoroughly washed before it's dried. . . . Spirulina is the biggie, of course. . . .
  Spirulina is a blue-green [alga], but not all blue-green algae are spirulina.” In his book, The New Honest Herbal, Tyler
  also states that “selective assay procedures suggest that more than 80% of the `vitamin' in spirulina is, in fact, analogues
  of the vitamin which have no vitamin B12 activity in humans.” Some of these analogues may actually interfere with the
  normal metabolism of the vitamin.

  Urine-Drinking By Gandhi Denied

  Some promoters of “Ayurvedic” medicine, a form of quackery associated with the Maharishi's “Transcendental
  Meditation” and the books of New Age guru Deepak Chopra, have been pushing the idea of drinking one's own urine as
  a health measure. Sometimes called “urotherapy” or “uropathy,” its supporters, in an effort to make it seem less
  unnatural and revolting, sometimes claim that the Indian leader Mohandas Gandhi was a follower of the practice. But in
  a letter published in Newsweek last September, [9/18/95 page 25], Gandhi's grandson, who is founder and director of the
  M.K. Gandhi Institute for Nonviolence, states unequivocally that “it was not a therapy he believed in or advocated.”

  Cancer Quack Indicted by Federal Grand Jury

  Dr. Stanislaw Burzynski, a Houston-based Polish immigrant, has made a career out of his unproven and peculiar “anti-
  neoplaston” cancer cure, which he originally isolated from human urine. Although it seems at one time that he obtained


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1996/1996january/january1996.htm[16/01/2023 09:55:09]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  an investigational new drug permit from the FDA, Burzynski never conducted any controlled clinical trials of his cure.
  Despite some overtures, Burzynski also failed to cooperate with anyone else in doing his research.

  Now he is a defendant in a criminal case filed by federal prosecutors last November 11th. Already defending himself in
  a civil suit brought by state authorities, the 75 counts in this new action include one of criminal contempt stemming
  from Burzynski's continued interstate distribution of his quack remedies in the face of 1983 and 1984 restraining orders
  issued as a result of actions in previous federal civil cases. The charges also include 40 counts of Burzynski's willfully
  violating FDA requirements, and another 34 counts of mail fraud relating to his interstate promotion and distribution of
  “anti-neoplaston.” The indictment states that Burzynski's operation engaged in fraudulent billing practices, including the
  submission of false and misleading HCFA forms in order “to trick insurers into paying for antineoplaston treatment so
  that Burzynski could financially enrich himself and others.”

  Burzynski's scheme, if not his “antineoplastons,” was a spectacular success. As of April of 1995, according to the
  indictment, the 52-year-old doctor had treated more than 2,500 patients for a variety of disorders including cancer,
  AIDS, lupus and other autoimmune conditions, and even baldness. His operations took in some $40 million in gross
  income from 1988 through 1994, with the doctor and his wife pocketing over $5 million during the same period, which
  also accounts for how well Burzynski has been able to stay at least one step ahead of the law.

  As might be expected, the main thrust of Burzynski's defense has always been, and is likely to continue to be, one of
  trotting out the true believers that he has collected over the years. Those who have died of their disease after receiving
  his worthless treatments, of course, will not be heard from. As of this writing [December 22, 1995], federal judge Sim
  Lake has been assigned to the case and a jury trial is set for January 22nd. But it seems more likely that
  “antineoplastons” will be shown to cure cancer than that Burzynski will finally be brought to justice by the end of the
  month.

  This information is provided by the Dallas/Fort Worth Council Against Health Fraud. For further information, or to
  report instances of suspected quackery and health fraud, please contact the Council's President, Tim Gorski, M.D., at
  (817) 792-2000 or write P.O.B. 202577, Arlington, TX 76006.

  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1996/1996january/january1996.htm[16/01/2023 09:55:09]
