{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T01:23:15Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 39948, "source_ctime_ns": 1790381408086839542, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-02-No-05---1988.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790381408074025829, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-02-No-05---1988.pdf", "source_sha256": "d8e339ce757e2f7fb8a7a1fc195a203619d98a42b725cf092673f009faaab5c5"}

The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 2 Number 5               www.ntskeptics.org                                     November/December 1988


  In this month's issue:
          NTS News and Events
          NTS Members Get National Publicity
          NTS Features Programs on Homeopathy
          NTS Annual Party
          NTS Survey Results
          NTS Ghost Busters?
          NTS Chair Appears on Heritage Cable System
          Meeting Schedule:
          Funds Needed to Expand Study of Pseudoscientific Beliefs
          A recipe for skepticism?


  NTS News and Events
  Ron Hastings' article, "The Rise and Fall of the Paluxy Mantracks," appeared in the September, 1988 issue of the
  journal Perspectives on Science and Christian Faith Ron gives a concise history of the mantrack claims and describes
  how they were laid to rest for most observers The article also shows how the resolution of these claims has given
  unexpected new insights into dinosaur locomotion.

  The Board of Directors has elected Mark Meyer as NTS Treasurer and board member. We still need to fill the post of
  Secretary, and would like to know if any of you are interested.

  Our bibliography for librarians, "Scientists Confront Pseudoscience" has gone out to libraries in the north Texas area.
  This five page document lists books in print on the subject of science versus pseudoscience, and on many specific topics
  such 'as creationism, psychic powers, astrology, and medical quackery. Our thanks go to James Rusk for starting this
  project and getting the list nicely laser printed If any of you want a copy, send us an envelope with 25 cents postage.

  NTS membership is growing! Skeptical Inquirer subscribers in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex have been invited to
  join, and we've had a good response. Our membership has grown from about 80 members to over 100 members in just
  the past couple of months.

  Some members have asked how business gets done in NTS. A reasonable question. The Board of Directors holds its
  regular meetings at 1:30 p.m., before the monthly program. Members are welcome to attend.

  We have had more than $250 in donations from members in the last few months. while we try to set our annual
  membership fees to cover expenses, we certainly will not turn dawn additional gifts'. We appreciate the help, as well as
  the personal time many of you have given us. Our major expenses are the production and mailing of the newsletter, and
  the stationery. postage and copying that ~ with getting our message out to our members, the news media and the public.

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988novemberdecember/novemberdecember1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:38:51]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  More money extends our reach.

  [Back to top]


  NTS Members Get National Publicity
  Member Eddie Vela's story regarding pseudoscientific and superstitious beliefs of high school biology teachers, featured
  in the September 10, 1988 Dallas Morning News has been picked up by the Associated Press wire service. As a result,
  the research of members Raymond Eve and Dana Dunn has received wide publicity. The researchers have been
  interviewed by CBS, ABC and United Stations radio news network, one of the researchers appeared in a feature story on
  the Channel 8 local news, and they have participated in radio talk shows with WKTN (Tampa-St. Petersburg), XTRA
  (San Diego), KGIL (Los Angeles), and KlNG (Seattle).

  Want to know what all the excitement's about? Come to our November 20 meeting, when they will tell us about their
  findings.

  [Back to top]


  NTS Features Programs on Homeopathy
  by John Thomas

  Dr. Harold F. Newman of the Food and Drug Administration spoke at our September meeting. Dr. Newman is also a
  member of the Against Health Fraud, a non-profit entity organized to "...heighten community awareness about suspected
  health and nutrition misinformation, fraud or quackery..." Dr. Newman described the FDA's jurisdiction and its efforts
  against fraudulent health practices. He also discussed the agency's drug approval process. The FDA is required to find
  new drugs to be both safe and effective before approval. This necessarily results in long and expensive clinical trials to
  distinguish drug action from placebo response and random effect. Some members questioned the FDA's wide discretion
  to accept or reject studies, particular those from other countries, since use of foreign studies could speed up the approval
  process.

  Dr. Newman discussed homeopathic practice briefly, and its special legal position. When the 1938 Food, Drug and
  Cosmetic Act was passed it provided that all drugs then in either the United States Pharmacopoeia or the Homeopathic
  Pharmacopoeia were not to be considered as "new drugs" requiring proof of safety and efficacy. Because of this purely
  political decision (the provision was guided through Congress by a senator who was a prominent homeopathic
  physician), the FDA today has no power to investigate or regulate homeopathic remedies.

  Dr. Joe D. Goldstrich addressed our October meeting on the subject of homeopathic medicine. Dr. Goldstrich is a
  medical doctor, a graduate of the UT Southwestern Medical School, and a specialist in cardiology. He is now
  exclusively engaged in the practice of homeopathic medicine in Dallas. Tim Gorski's article in the last issue of The
  Skeptic reported on same of Dr. Goldstrich's activities.

  Dr. Goldstrich consented to appear before us and make the case for homeopathy. I found him a sincere and engaging
  person. obviously deeply interested in the welfare of his patients. Homeopathic involves long patient interviews so that
  the physician can gather enough personal information to decide on which of more than 1,000 remedies are appropriate.
  Dr. Goldstrich plainly enjoys the patient-physician interaction, and he described several successful treatments. He told
  us that he is alert for patients with conditions for which homeopathy "won't work", and refers those persons to
  physicians practicing 'traditional" medicine. Dr. Goldstrich has apparently not given up a belief in antibiotics for
  bacterial infection or radiation therapy for cancer; rather he seems to have added homeopathy onto standard medical


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988novemberdecember/novemberdecember1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:38:51]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  practice to deal with those complaints that standard practice cannot treat, or does not clearly understand, or just
  considers trivial and self-limiting.

  After some discussion of the specifics of homeopathic treatment, we all waited eagerly for the answer to the key
  question: What is the empirical evidence far the efficacy of homeopathic treatments? Dr. Goldstrich frankly admitted
  that there is essentially no such scientifically credible evidence. His strong belief in the "law of similars" (like cures
  like) seems to be based on his own clinical experience and on personal testimonials from others. Members pointed out
  that the rationale for controlled experiments in medicine was to rule out alternative explanations for apparent healing -
  explanations such as the placebo response, variability in disease activity, or the physician's natural tendency to
  remember successful responses and forget or discount unsuccessful ones.

  Dr. Goldstrich was completely candid with us on this point: there is, at best, very little scientific evidence for
  homeopathy. In fact, even the 18th century "provings" of remedies now in the Homeopathic Pharmacopoeia have never
  been repeated or checked. Goldstrich said that he was interested in attempting a blinded study such as that suggested by
  Tim Gorski in earlier correspondence. We have offered to assist in the blinding operations of such a study, if Dr.
  Goldstrich decides to proceed with one.

  [Back to top]


  NTS Annual Party
  You say it's about time for a party? We agree! NTS and Mel Zemek will host an afternoon get-together at Mel's home,
  Saturday, December 3. We have many new members since our last social event, so take this opportunity to meet fellow
  skeptics and exchange ideas. All members will soon be receiving an invitation with a map and other pertinent
  information.

  [Back to top]


  NTS Survey Results
  About 20% of you responded to our survey. Here are the results:

  The name. 68% thought the name satisfactory; 32% did not, and suggested alternatives such as "science and rationality
  advocates", or "association for critical thinking." We will likely retain the word "skeptic" in our name, but make more
  effort to assert the real and positive aspects of the skeptical approach.

  The meetings. 47% found the meeting time convenient. 25% found it inconvenient, and 31% were indifferent. 53%
  found the location convenient, 16% inconvenient, and 31% were indifferent. It appears that so long as we claim to serve
  the north Texas area, there is no perfect location We feel that the location on the UTA campus has advantages other than
  just being a central spot in the Dallas Fort Worth area. Occasionally holding meetings in locations other than our home
  base may be a good idea, though.

  The programs. 58% of you thought the programs were good. Many made suggestions for improving them, such as
  having more big-name speakers, or having more programs in debate format, or having fewer programs in a year, if
  necessary for more planning and preparation. We appreciate all the suggestions and we hope to improve the quality of
  the programs in the coming year.

  The newsletter. 79% of you rated the news letter good-to-excellent, Some suggested more coverage of local
  pseudoscience activities, more book reviews, or more member contributions (Please do!). The operative word seems to
  be "more." We're pleased that you think the newsletter so important. We believe that the better we can make it in factual

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988novemberdecember/novemberdecember1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:38:51]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  content, good writing and topical coverage, the more influential it can be in changing public attitudes.

  Activities and goals. Most agreed with the general approach we are taking. Most of you seemed to feel that advancing
  science and rationality and educating the public on pseudoscience issues were more important than debunking per se.
  Again, many wanted more of everything.

  Thanks to all who responded to the survey. We always want your comments, criticisms and suggestions. (Hint: We will
  publish letters to the editor).

  [Back to top]


  NTS Ghost Busters?
  The newsletter of the Texas Association for Parapsychology (formerly the North Texas Parapsychology Association)
  was recently filled with articles about ghosts and haunted houses. We thought we must be missing out on something, so
  we wrote the TAP and asked for help:

  Ms. Jan Browning
  President, TAP
  610 Presidential
  Suite 104
  Richardson, TX 75081

  Dear Ms. Browning:

  I read with interest the stories about ghosts and haunted houses in the October issue of The Source. The authors seem ~
  of ghosts and spirits1 and most seem to enjoy convivial relations with them.

  The North Texas Skeptics is a local association aiming to educate the public about the use o~ the scientific method in
  acquiring knowledge of our world While we do not reject paranormal claims out of hand, we do believe that those
  claims should be subjected to the same critical inquiry that would be expected for any other factual claims. If ghosts are
  objectively real, and not merely something occurring in the mind of the beholder, then it should be possible to produce
  evidence of that reality which would convince a skeptical but open-minded observer.

  I would be most appreciative if you or anyone you know could tell me where I might experience ghosts or hauntings
  under satisfactory observing conditions. I look forward to hearing from you and learning more about the existence (or
  not) of ghosts.

  Yours truly,
  John A. Thomas
  Chair

  We'll let you know if we get a chance for any real ghostbusting.

  [Back to top]


  NTS Chair Appears on Heritage Cable System
  Chair John Thomas appeared on the "Socia1 Issues" TV interview show sponsored by Professors Tony Picchioni and
  Paul McGee of North Lake College in Irving. John and the hosts had a lively discussion of science and empiricism,


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988novemberdecember/novemberdecember1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:38:51]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  critical thinking and the problems of inculcating a heat skeptical outlook in young people. This show will be broadcast
  several times on the Heritage cable system over the next month.

  [Back to top]


  Meeting Schedule:
  November 20 - Professors Ray Eve and Dana Dunn of UTA have been researching the level of scientific competence
  among high-school and grade school science teachers. They have some fascinating (and disturbing findings to report.
  This study has attracted nationwide attention.

  December 11 - Dan Korem, local writer, ~ producer and magician will explain cold reading and discuss his adventures
  in exposing psychics and faith healers to skeptical inquiry. Korem's book, Powers, is now in its second printing. This
  will be an entertaining introduction to alternative explanations for startling "psychic" powers.

  All meetings will be at 2:00 p.m., Room 101, University Hall, University of Texas at Arlington (Corner of Cooper and
  Campus Drive)

  [Back to top]


  Funds Needed to Expand Study of Pseudoscientific
  Beliefs
  Dr. Ray Eve and Dr. Dana Dunn of the Sociology Department of the University of Texas at Arlington have been
  developing a study of the prevalence of pseudoscientific beliefs among high school biology and life science teachers. To
  date, the researchers have completed a pretest of their survey instrument which has resulted in a national sample of
  responses from about 200 teachers. (The news is not good; for details, you are encouraged to attend the November 20th
  NTS meeting, where they will present their findings in detail). At present, the researchers are attempting to locate a
  foundation which would be willing to assist in funding a fully representative national sample of 1500 biology and life
  science teachers, so that findings can be more safely generalized, and so that subgroup differences by region, type of
  school, teacher background, etc., can be more closely investigated. Dr. Eugenie Scott, the executive director of the
  National Center for Science Education, has offered to donate the first couple of thousand dollars required to complete a
  national, statistically representative study, but an additional six or seven thousand dollars minimum will be required.
  (Federal agencies have been approached, but seem to find the topic too unconventional). Therefore, anyone with any
  good leads concerning where the extra funds might be located is encouraged to contact the researchers at (817) 273-
  2661

  Incidentally, Ray and Dana have been in contact with The Botanical Research Institute of Texas (BRIT), a group
  attempting to retain the former SMU herbarium in the area, and which is also interested in attempting to use botany
  studies to improve science education in the schools. BRIT has kindly offered volunteers to help with the research, and, it
  would appear, is an organization to which NTS members might wish to develop closer ties, since it shares many of our
  interests.

  [Back to top]


  A recipe for skepticism?
http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988novemberdecember/novemberdecember1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:38:51]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  by Deborah A. Boak

  Is it possible to teach critical thinking? Can this portion of human intelligence be learned? Or is this kind of IQ like a
  person's sex, height, and eye color, as so many seem to assume? Intellectualism is only elitism if the latter is true. But if
  skepticism can be learned, then skepticism, and human progress have a chance.

  Thousands of Riverside-Brookfield High School students since 1960 have explored critical thinking and basic logic with
  teaching materials written by Fred Smith and Brant Abrahamson. These include both teacher and student manuals
  covering topics such as: Authorities, Prejudice in Group Relations, Seeking Information, and Logical Fallacies. A
  terrific annotated bibliography is included.

  These materials address the universal need for students, whether in New York or Texas, to develop critical thinking
  skills. These booklets would also be helpful to anyone who would teach, speak to groups, or in any wa~ educate the
  public. They outline effective methods of developing a logical organization for presentation of a topic, or for
  demolishing the force of arguments based on faulty reasoning.

  I found the treatment of logical fallacies an excellent review of the sorts of questions that are effective in exposing
  nonsense. Imagine students drilling and practicing to recognize examples of over generalization, false cause and effect,
  crowd appeal, self-evident truth, thin entering wedge (fallacious thinking about trends), straw-man types of arguments,
  and arguments that accuse instead of explain. The mind boggles at what the results of such a curriculum might be if
  applied nationwide! The goal of the writers is to provide students with structured thinking habits that will allow them to
  recognize and avoid common shortcomings in logic. But of course these kinds of skills are valuable and need to be
  develop and honed by people of all ages.

  What makes these manuals most interesting is the specific way they outline the teaching of critical thinking. For
  example, students are encouraged to identify and analyze logical fallacy and absurd argument from media and everyday
  experience sources. Quizes and exercises are indexed as well. Ultimately, the authors see students of such materials
  becoming teachers themselves, able and, one hopes, virtually compelled to identify and reject fallacious thinking. In
  other words, intellectual skills are taught that cannot be forgotten because they are constantly being applied in everyday
  life. Once you learn to walk, you don't go back to crawling on all fours. The only irritant in reviewing these manuals
  was the realization that their approach really ought to be at the core of all school subjects. The authors, unfortunately,
  tend to focus exclusively on the traditional content of school "social studies." But it is equally true that good history,
  good literature and good science depend on such an approach. It is one which is well suited to flexibility in learning so
  much talked-about these days. It can be applied in virtually all of the variety of teaching methods now in use: lecturing
  and note-taking, memorization, immediate feedback, individualization, personal application of concepts, mastery of
  learning and positive reinforcement. The authors should be promoting these sorts of materials as the basis for an overall
  curriculum and not just a particular school subject.

  I also wondered how difficult it might ultimately prove to incorporate such an approach into public school curricula. To
  the extent that students might be able to generalize critical thinking into their everyday lives, it might prove
  uncomfortable for authority figures who occasionally resort to logical fallacy in exercising their authority. This might
  include parents as well as school officials, teachers and coaches. This begins to fall into the category of a philosophy of
  childrearing. There is a tendency for students to be told what to think, and yet their greatest security is in teaching them
  how to think for themselves. This conflict needs to be resolved in favor of the youngsters' autonomy and not in favor of
  the comfort of their authority figure. It's exciting to think of the possibilities if this decision were taken NTS has a copy
  of these materials for anyone interested in receiving them, or you can write the publisher at:

  The Teachers' Press,
  3731 Madison Ave.,
  Brookfield, IL 60513

  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988novemberdecember/novemberdecember1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:38:51]
