{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T03:49:29Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 47158, "source_ctime_ns": 1790291057330314763, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-09-No-07---1995.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790291057243258051, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-09-No-07---1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "ce7463b8cf3c3adc72223380f5bd0eb67b584f1e49d24be49744162a6fd69a9c"}

The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 9 Number 7                                               www.ntskeptics.org          July 1995


  In this month's issue:
          The conspiracy museum
          Apocalypse Someday


  The conspiracy museum
  An active culture

  By Virginia Vaughn

  Author's note: This article is not meant to be a comprehensive look at the conspiracy culture, nor does it cover all the
  points made by our tour guide. It is merely an overview of the highlights and my personal impressions of them. The July
  NTS public meeting will be a more thorough evaluation.

          ". . . And brick they had for stone, and slime they had for mortar."
          Genesis 11:4

          "There was a nefarious conspiracy to assassinate President Kennedy, and O.J. is innocent."
          — Ginny Vaughn

  The North Texas Skeptics made a field trip on June 17 to the Conspiracy Museum in the old Katy Railroad building in
  downtown Dallas. The afternoon included a walking tour of Dealy Plaza, perusing a bizarre kiosk area, viewing a wall
  devoted to the conspiracy of Lincoln's murder (the Lincoln Log?) and viewing the Zapruder film over and over and
  over.

  Lincoln's murder was a conspiracy, according to the museum's director, and was mandated by the government and no
  less than two American presidents. The museum's director, in contrast to the philosophy of most museum directors, has
  preconceived notions about the deaths of Lincoln and Kennedy. The Lincoln Log was a bit confusing to me, but in true
  conspiratorial form, the assassin escaped and lived his life here in Texas. Big, newsworthy people always seem to
  escape and live long lives. Elvis and Jesus come to mind immediately.

  One piece of evidence offered was this: after John Wilkes Booth had lived his life in Granbury, Texas, he could no
  longer stand the guilt and drank an arsenic cocktail. The arsenic reacted with embalming fluid and turned his corpse into
  a mummy, which went on tour throughout the country. As soon as someone reasonably suggested that the mummy be
  submitted for testing, the mummy vanished. How convenient. A large sign said, "Maybe YOU have it!" Ewwww.

  I spoke to an embalmer at the Dallas Institute of Funeral Services and was told that until 30 to 40 years ago, arsenic was
  a component of embalming fluid. He said that the additional arsenic might have made the fluid stronger, but the mummy


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995july/july1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:01:31]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  story was pretty far-fetched. No kidding.

  The walking tour was actually sort of nice, but it was like the nice feeling you get in parts of a bad dream. Some in our
  group had not been on a tour of the area, and learning about the various statues and plazas was interesting. Ron Rice
  was our tour guide, and says he is a former state police officer. He has his own theory about the assassination, and other
  ideas are not allowed. Some of the more obvious tales should be aired.

  Mr. Rice, at the beginning of our walking tour, started bad mouthing the Sixth Floor Exhibit in the old School Book
  Depository. The Sixth Floor Museum has qualified for non-profit status, unlike the Conspiracy Museum. We got the
  usual "They are quoting the government's lies" story, and Mr. Rice made the correct assertion that the actual sniper's
  nest is protected by Plexiglas. His reason for this, however, was so that nobody would be able to actually approach the
  window and discover that Oswald could not have made those shots.

  Paranoia under (Plexi)glas
  I called the Sixth Floor Museum's Director of Interpretation, Dr. Montgomery. She has a Ph.D. in Museum
  Administration and told me that the Sixth Floor strives toward a balanced point of view. I asked her why the sniper's
  nest is protected by Plexiglas and her reply was that it is the primary artifact of an historic building. "124,000 people
  come to see it each year and restoration costs would be prohibitive if the Plexiglas were not there." It does not obscure
  visitors' view down Elm Street. "Museums exist to make people think, not to tell them what to think," said Dr.
  Montgomery.

  Mr. Rice also claimed that the reason the Sixth Floor Museum does not show the Zapruder film is because they do not
  want visitors to see the ridiculousness of the shot-from-behind theory. Dr. Montgomery said that it was a tortuous
  decision about whether to provide the Zapruder film, but they opted not to show it due to the number of children that
  visit. It is graphic and violent, and they felt it best to keep it away from kids. They do, however, plan to have a research
  wing where the film can be viewed by adults.

  Another point in Mr. Rice's theory is that the first shot was a throwaway to divert attention. There are a couple of major
  problems here. If I were a sniper intent on assassination, I would try to make the first shot count. Also, if Secret Service
  agents had heard a shot as Mr. Rice claims they did, they would have been all over the President like ducks on a June
  bug. I've seen video of President Reagan being shot, and almost before you could hear the report's reverberation, he was
  mobbed by Secret Service agents and shoved out of harm's way. This is their job, indeed, their primary reason for
  having a job. These men and women know what gunfire sounds like, and even if they thought it was a firecracker as Mr.
  Rice claims, they would not have taken a chance on being wrong.

  Mr. Rice was very forthcoming when I spoke to him. He was in the fifth grade when Kennedy was killed and got
  interested in conspiracy theory when he was 15 and read one of the many Kennedy conspiracy books available shortly
  after the assassination. The so-called magic bullet was the one piece of evidence that decided his destiny.

  A young woman began asking him reasonable questions such as, "Will we be seeing any of the government's evidence
  so we can make up our own minds?" Rice's reply was, "No, because nobody believes them anymore." She mentioned
  that the head shot may not be due to a gunshot from the front, based on her experience with firearms (she was raised on
  a farm). His reply to this was, "You just don't know what you're talking about," etc. He was so belligerent to her that she
  left, frustrated, before I could have a word with her. Mr. Rice shook his head and bemoaned "these people who ignore
  all the evidence."

  His attitude toward me changed dramatically when he learned I am a skeptic. I was reminded of a quote in The True
  Believer: "It is the sacred duty of the true believer to be suspicious. He must be constantly on the lookout for saboteurs,
  spies and traitors." 1 What an exhausting way to live!

  Professor Josiah Thompson, quoted in Case Closed by Gerald Posner, said (conspiracy theorists') work is an obsession
  and "there is a fantastic way in which the assassination becomes a religious event. There are relics, scriptures and even a
  holy scene - a killing ground. People make pilgrimages to it."2 Like Graceland and Jerusalem.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995july/july1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:01:31]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  Everybody's in on the coverup!
  Mr. Rice pointed out Posner's Case Closed to me saying that Posner used to agree with him, but the government got to
  him somehow and he's now quoting the government's lies. Posner's book, in my opinion, is an extremely even handed
  and thoroughly researched work of scholarship. Posner says, "the reaction from the conspiracy community was the
  opposite (of positive) — not simply negative, but often vitriolic. There was little effort to study my overall evidence
  with anything that approached an open mind."3 He goes on to say, "Other conspiracy buffs launched personal attacks. It
  was, as one journalist commented, as if overnight I had become the Salmon Rushdie of the assassination world. I was
  accused of treason by a buff who ran a Dallas research center."4

  Rice also claims that Case Closed did poorly in sales, but it has been a national best-seller for quite a while. Posner says,
  "The response to the hardcover publication of this book surprised both me and my publisher, Random House."5 Rice
  claims that people don't want the mystery to end.

  Posner also offers an insight as to why people are so fanatic about the existence of a conspiracy: "The notion that a
  misguided sociopath had wreaked such havoc made the crime seem senseless and devoid of political significance. By
  concluding that JFK was killed as an elaborate plot, there is the belief he died for a purpose, that a powerful group
  eliminated him for some critical issue."6

  As for the head shot, people as diverse as Luis Alvarez, a Nobel Prize-winning physicist, in the September 1976 issue of
  the American Journal of Physics (which, as Penn & Teller point out, has never been sealed) established the "jet effect"
  through physical experiments and laboratory calculations. Penn and Teller,7 and Richard Trott have demonstrated that,
  although counterintuitive, because of fluid dynamics, motion in the direction of the bullet's source is not necessarily a
  violation of physical laws. Trott actually has a downloadable video clip of his demonstration on his World Wide Web
  site. (MPEG video of counterintuitive melon motion at http://www-usacs.rutgers.edu/~trott/)

  By the time we made it down to the Great Coalbin (basement) to view the conspiracy kiosks, we were all pretty worn
  out. Kiosks included the Martin Luther King conspiracy, the KAL Flight 007 conspiracy, and others. Museum literature
  says, ". . . this exhibit contains information and statements which may shock you, and which you may not believe." Then
  it should come as no surprise that we remain skeptical. There is also the bizarre statement, "The Dalai Lama wants to
  make Tibet a Zone of Ahimsa. You can join TCM in making Dealy Plaza a Zone of Ahimsa." Uh, okay. Then, maybe, it
  will be be the perfect place to distribute Oliver Stone's ashes one day.

  My overall impression of the museum was that I had entered a church of a conspiracy cult. My friend, Taner Edis, told
  me that, in his opinion, many humans find the notion that something bad happening to them having no reason at all even
  more distasteful than it being an act of active malevolence. Conspiracy theories allow persons who perceive themselves
  as persecuted to place themselves in a drama of broader scope; good vs. evil, with personalities attached.

  Conspiracies are thought to have explanatory power; events that are otherwise haphazard can be fitted into the plan of
  Evil Government. These haphazard events' broader scope was demonstrated upon entering the building. Apparently, the
  ceiling fan was making a lot of noise in the basement, and a sign was posted which stated something like "we have
  continuously informed management about the problem, and since they do not want you to hear the truth, they refuse to
  repair it."

  To have so little trust in humanity, conspiracy theorists seem to inordinately trust people not to betray confidence. Even
  with all the people involved, and the international scope of the conspiracy, nobody blabs. Even in the very real
  Watergate conspiracy, somebody spilled the beans.

  The Kennedy conspiracy theorists have a religious holiday, they are persecuted (in their eyes), they have unquestioned
  scripture, religious relics, a holy scene (the killing ground) and make pilgrimages to the holy site. They are Keepers of
  the Ultimate Truth and decry those who do not have an "open mind". As the saying goes, you want an open mind — not
  a gaping one.

  Notes:
  1. Hoffer, Eric. The True Believer — Thoughts on the Nature of Mass Movements. Harper & Row, New York, 1951.

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995july/july1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:01:31]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  p.125.
  2. Posner, Gerald. Case Closed. Doubleday, New York. 1993, p. 411. Taken from CE 2137, WC Vol XXIV p. 735; CE
  2138, FBI statement of Jesse A. Skrivanek, WC XXIV p. 739.
  3. Ibid, p. xiii.
  4. Ibid, p. xiv.
  5. Ibid, p. xiii.
  6. Ibid, p. xiv.
  7. Penn Gillette and Teller. How to Play With Your Food. Villard Books, New York, 1992. p. 45. Sequence of freeze
  frames of assassinated melon. They strongly consider it a breach of good taste to use a second melon wearing a pink
  pillbox hat next to the target melon .

  [Back to top]


  Apocalypse Someday
  By R. A. Dousette

          "The furnaces of Pittsburgh are cold; the assembly lines of Detroit are still. In Los Angeles, a few gaunt
          survivors of a plague desperately till freeway center strips, backyards, and outlying fields, hoping to raise a
          subsistence crop. London offices are dark, its docks are deserted. In the farm lands of the Ukraine,
          abandoned tractors litter the fields; there is no fuel for them. The waters of the Rhine, Nile, and Yellow
          rivers reek with pollutants."

  Time magazine used this scenario to introduce a 1972 story on the Club of Rome's computer model of the world's
  future. The Club published the results in a volume entitled The Limits to Growth. Their predictions through the end of
  the 21st century were dire indeed, with population soaring and natural resources becoming more and more scarce until
  the final collapse around in the middle of the next century. The depletion of natural resources and exhaustion of arable
  land would lead to a massive collapse of population to a level low enough that a despoiled planet could support it. The
  Club of Rome's report advocated restrained economic growth to postpone the day of reckoning as far into the future as
  possible.

  The energy crisis of the early 1970s, with its shortages of petroleum, rapidly escalating energy prices, and long gas lines
  made the world more receptive to the Club's predictions. Petroleum prices seemed destined to increase exponentially
  into the future if, for no other reason, than a projection of past trends.

  But whatever concerns I had about The Limits to Growth were allayed when I attended my first Society of Actuaries
  convention in 1972. A speaker at one session was S. Fred Singer, professor of Environmental Sciences and Member of
  the Center for Advanced Studies at the University of Virginia. Singer's talk was well attended, possibly because of all of
  the recent publicity on environmental issues. One member of the audience asked Singer's opinion of the Club of Rome's
  predictions. Singer was dismissive of the report for several reasons, including the fact that it ignored economic effects
  and innovation. He predicted that we'd live long and well, despite the dire predictions that were then popular.

  The intervening years demonstrated that Singer was right. Petroleum prices began to slide in the early eighties. By the
  mid-eighties, regions in the oil belt resembled scenes from the thirties. Businesses failed, real estate prices dropped, and
  workers migrated to other states in search of work. And despite the prediction to the contrary, no one's been driven by
  desperation to farm the median strips of the Los Angeles freeways.

  Singer's impressive career spans both academia and government. He served as a deputy assistant administrator of the
  Environmental Protection Agency. His academic career includes Princeton, the applied physics laboratory at Johns
  Hopkins University, and a professorship of environmental science at the University of Virginia. He has a long list of
  publications on energy and the environment. Even so, he has received little notice in the popular media. Writers who
  promote environmental fear, such as Paul Ehrlich and Vice President Al Gore, have received considerably more


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995july/july1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:01:31]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  attention and, in my opinion, more attention than they deserve.

  Ennui and Ehrlich
  Paul Ehrlich, a professor of Population Studies at Stanford University, is the author of The Population Bomb (1968),
  The Population Explosion (1990) and a number of other books on environmental issues. How accurate has he been? The
  magnitude of his errors became clear to me while digging through a box of old books that I've had for a couple of
  decades. I discovered a copy of Paul Ehrlich's The End of Affluence. A first reading in 1974 led to overwhelming
  boredom after only a few pages; a second reading today revealed a work with much of the comic quality of an old Marx
  Brothers film.

  The book contains Mr. Ehrlich's pessimistic view of the future, as seen from 1974. It reiterates the Club of Rome's
  depiction of a world containing too many people chasing too few resources, and it predicts disastrous consequences. It is
  intended to serve as a survivor manual, to help at least a few survive into the 1990s. Ehrlich recommends stockpiling
  tins of tuna, "because periodic protein shortages (or at least sky-high prices) seem certain to occur within the ten-to-
  twenty year shelf-life of the cans." He anticipates a "nutritional disaster that seems likely to overcome humanity in the
  1970s (or, at the latest, in the 1980s)." He believes that "a situation has been created that could lead to a billion or more
  people starving to death."

  Food shortages will only be one of the problems that the world will face: "it seems certain that energy shortages will be
  with us for the rest of the century, and that before 1985 mankind will enter a genuine age of scarcity in which many
  things besides energy will be in short supply." Food, fresh water, paper, and needed minerals will disappear as people
  and industries starve.

  Readers are urged to prepare for the coming disasters. He recommends various publications that those hoping to survive
  can use to monitor the unwinding of the modern world, while also noting, "Our local paper is quite adequate, in
  combination with radio and TV, to let us know if the world has come to an end."

  Certain countries are "Miner's Canaries" to watch closely as harbingers of the doom to come. Japan, for instance, is
  "The Dying Giant That May Never Awaken." Overpopulation, congestion, pollution and industrial poisoning are seen
  as inevitable unless Japan's citizens "completely change and de-industrialize."

  Brazil is another canary. "As long as those in control are profiting, the tragedy will be played out perhaps before 1985."
  What precisely is this tragedy? Ehrlich doesn't explain it in the nine pages devoted to Brazil although he seems to expect
  a decline in living standards, combined with agricultural collapse and rising infant mortality rates.

  Predictions spill over into the political realm as well. Despite the Watergate scandals and the political demise of
  President Nixon, he foresees "increased concentration of power in the executive branch and further erosion of power of
  Congress and the courts." He prophesies that the President will seize power and dissolve Congress during the food riots
  of the 1980s.

  Food prices will escalate, consuming more and more of our budgets. "Without planning and organization on the food
  front and a rapid decline in world fertility to below replacement level, the prognosis for 1990 and beyond is completely
  negative. A massive die-off from starvation is unavoidable." What about the future of the economy? "Probably before
  1985, a general recognition of the changed economic status of the nation will lead to a stock-market collapse even more
  severe than the one that preceded the onset of the depression of the 1930's. . .confidence in the market as a place to
  make money may be more or less permanently eroded."

  For Ehrlich, a change in industrial policy provides one means of obviating the coming collapse. Proper economic
  planning will lead to a steady-state, survival-oriented economy in which we will lead sane and ecologically sound lives
  as we farm our subsistence gardens. Wind and solar energy are proposed as alternatives to petroleum. The public is
  urged to preserve energy in ways great and small, including the advice to "Eat cold meals." The author strains to create
  panic as he asks: "Remember the great toilet paper panic of 1973?" The public is urged to stockpile food, medical
  supplies and, of course, birth control pills. "A period of social breakdown is a poor time to become pregnant."

  Inhumane treatment?


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995july/july1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:01:31]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  Is it cruel to make light of Paul Ehrlich's long list of failures? Any guilt that I might feel was quickly dispelled by a
  precedent Ehrlich sets. He attempts to hoist economists on their own petard, by portraying them as "entrapped in their
  own unnatural love for a growing gross national product." Economists are so limited in knowledge that explaining to
  them the need for "no growth in the material sector, or . . . that commodities must become expensive" is like "attempting
  to explain odd-day/even-day gas distribution to a cranberry." He suggests a game: "When economists make predictions,
  . . . clip them and later check how accurate they were. . . . The inaccuracy of their predictions don't [sic] build
  confidence in economists."

  Milton Friedman is derided as an arch-conservative, but Friedman does receive praise for first conceiving the idea of a
  guaranteed income for the poor. This is, remarkably, one economic proposal that has since been discredited by empirical
  evidence.

  Throughout the book, innumeracies run rampant. Ehrlich deplores oil company profits, and quotes percentage increases
  in the first quarter of 1974 that range from 39% to 718%, while failing to specify the base from which they grow. The
  widening gap between the incomes of the rich and poor in Brazil is deplored: "In the 1950s and 1960s, the ratio of the
  average income of the richest 20% of the population to that of the poorest 20% increased from 15-to-1 to 25-to-1." A
  more accurate picture should, at the very least, include some indication of how the incomes of the poorest 20% have
  changed over time.

  Ehrlich decries the false nutritional and medical claims of vitamin and diet advocates. "For this, the only defense is
  knowledge, plus a healthy skepticism for anything that sounds like a far-fetched claim." He gives excellent advice, but
  unfortunately, fails to apply it to his own claims.

  The book is an endless catalog of failed predictions. Potential problems are treated as certain to occur and then
  magnified into disasters. There is not even the slightest acknowledgment of the possibilities immanent within human
  creativity and our problem-solving capacity as antidotes to Ehrlich's dark and pessimistic vision.

  Nobelist Richard Feynman, one of the great physicists of this century, provides an excellent definition of integrity in
  science: "I'm talking about a specific extra type of integrity that is not lying, but bending over backwards to show how
  maybe you're wrong, that you ought to do when acting as a scientist. And this is our responsibility as scientists, certainly
  to other scientists, and I think to laymen."

  Paul Ehrlich fails this test in this book, as well as in his other works. His 1968 book The Population Bomb reveals a
  desire to frighten the reader that is so intense that at times he contradicts himself in the same paragraph. Why is
  overpopulation dangerous? Among the reasons given is that overpopulation sows the seeds of communism. He then
  offers Red China's population control program as proof of this thesis as if a communist regime would discourage its
  cause!

  What is the worst-case consequence of overpopulation in America? He suggests that the United States will be driven, by
  the mid 1980s, to use insecticides so damaging to the environment that a horrified world will launch a nuclear attack on
  our country, in order to forestall environmental despoliation of this magnitude. The message here is that an America
  reduced to radioactive rubble is, in Ehrlich's theology, preferable to one saturated with insecticides.

  A hunger for hyperbole
  Why are environmentalists so prone to overstatement? Perhaps, because it sells books and magazines. Newsweek may
  have discovered this in a 1975 article when many were speculating on the possibility of a new Ice Age: "The central fact
  is that . . . the earth's climate seems to be cooling down. (Meteorologists) are almost unanimous in the view that the
  trend will reduce agricultural productivity." Perhaps they rediscovered this strategy in 1992 when others were
  speculating on the possibility of global warming: "The atmosphere may be reaching the limit of its capacity to absorb
  emitted carbon dioxide without falling into a disastrous greenhouse effect."

  There's another explanation, though. Many "true believers" are convinced that their cause is of such extreme importance
  that exaggeration is justified. Al Gore, for example, urged journalists to avoid stories that might dampen the public's
  concern about the environment. The New Republic notes that, "Lately Gore and the distinguished biologist Paul Ehrlich
  have ventured into dangerous territory by suggesting that journalists quietly self-censor environmental evidence that is

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995july/july1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:01:31]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  not alarming, because such reports, in Gore's words, 'undermine the effort to build a solid base of public support for the
  difficult actions we must soon take.'" Richard Feynman again provides insight, in his first principle: "You must not fool
  yourself and you are the easiest person to fool."

  Others, of a more cynical bent, suggest darker motives. Consider an article from The American Spectator that ran a
  couple of years ago entitled "Clean Air's Dirty Politics." The piece concerns the Monterey Bay Unified Air Pollution
  Control District, as legitimized by the Clean Air Act and enhanced by California's stricter state legislation. The
  regulatory board created under this act serves as a kind of second government, levying fines and fees while fashioning
  its own rules.

  In just five years, a commercial sewer hookup has increased in cost from $1,500 to as much as $22,000 and all of this is
  exempt from the strictures of Proposition 13 that limit the government's authority to tax. Those who pay the bills have a
  right to a hearing, but none to an appeal. Local businesses are impoverished, while the board flourishes, with a new
  building and a well-paid and rapidly expanding staff.

  But in point of fact, the Monterey Bay area has some of the cleanest air in the country. So why is this regulatory control
  needed? The author, a local attorney, concludes his article with this observation: "With Proposition 140 limiting the
  number of terms Willie [Brown] and his cronies can serve as legislators, they are looking to the air boards and other job-
  for-life regional agencies to save them from living by their own rules in the private sector. They will be well looked
  after."

  Recycling doom (and doomsayers)
  The idea that environmental regulation serves to provide career opportunities for otherwise unemployable politicians
  may be more than a scurrilous speculation. Tim Wirth, former U. S. Senator from Colorado, has found employment as
  the U. S. delegate to the Cairo Population Conference. If Al Gore doesn't move on to higher political office, he will
  probably end up safely ensconced as the director of some environmental organization. And certainly one of the most
  prominent members of the political class to join the ranks of the unemployed in recent years is Mikhael Gorbachev, who
  now devoted his time to Green Cross International. His new career is dedicated to guess what? protecting the
  environment. The wreck of the former Soviet Union includes some of the most environmentally despoiled real estate in
  the world, but this should not, in any way, impugn Gorbachev's motives.

  Whatever the reasons, environmentalists and many politicians express a clear antipathy toward good news. An article in
  The Washington Post presented a balanced picture of ozone depletion in 1993. The article received the American
  Association for the Advancement of Science Westinghouse Science Journalism Award for large newspapers, while also
  provoking a storm of angry complaints from environmentalists for its dearth of pessimism. The journalist explains their
  reaction: "some environmentalists have a hard time dealing with good news. When the government took the bald eagle
  off the endangered species list in June [1994], for example, some environmentalists were upset. They saw it as bad
  news."

  Someone gets Gored
  Singer continues to contribute to the environmental debate with articles and editorials. An article on global warming in
  the April 1991 issue of Cosmos may have been a source of embarrassment to Al Gore. Singer's co-authors of this article
  are Dr. Chauncey Starr and the late Prof. Roger Revelle. Al Gore, interestingly enough, claimed in the introduction to
  Earth in the Balance that Roger Revelle was his mentor at Harvard. The article strongly disagreed with Al Gore's book.

  About a year later this article came to public attention and was used to challenge Al Gore. At that time, Julian Lancaster,
  a research associate at Harvard, accused Singer of misusing Revelle's name as a co-author on the piece. An editorial in
  the June 27, 1994, National Review credits a campaign of vilification derived from this accusation to Al Gore. This
  resulted in a libel suit that was settled in Dr. Singer's favor before it went to trial. Lancaster retracted ". . . any and all
  statements, oral or written . . ." and added "I apologize to Professor Singer for the pain that my conduct has caused him
  and for any damage that I may have caused to his reputation." He also expressed regret for the actions of Anthony Socci
  of Al Gore's staff, and for the actions of Dr. Walter Munk and Edward Freeman who'd pressured a book editor to keep
  the Cosmos article from being reprinted.

  I contacted Dr. Singer to verify the National Review editorial. Singer replied: "In accusing me of misusing Revelle's

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995july/july1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:01:31]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  name, Lancaster . . . may have been driven by ideological views of global warming. If he had political or other personal
  motives, this did not emerge in pre-trial discovery. We cannot be certain, therefore, that he acted at the direct instigation
  of then-Senator Al Gore. . . . We did learn from documents and sworn testimony that Gore phoned Lancaster shortly
  before he started his defamatory actions against me in the Summer of 1992 (at the height of the presidential campaign),
  that there was extensive written and other communication between Lancaster and Gore's staff, and that one staff
  member, Dr. Anthony Socci, participated directly and personally by writing a defamatory letter."

  Winners and losers
  Paul Ehrlich has almost single-handedly popularized fear of overpopulation in America. He founded Zero Population
  Growth, and his name is still listed on the letterhead of that organization. Despite his horrible track record, he has
  maintained a standing in the media. He appeared briefly in the early '80s as a spokesman for nuclear winter (another
  discredited theory), until some critics began using his past failures to discredit him. CNN's month-long series "The
  People Bomb" used Paul Ehrlich and Carl Pope of the Sierra Club as the only two on-air sources. The series is a
  warmed-up version of Mr. Ehrlich's failed vision with the disasters postponed into the future. He was also employed as a
  correspondent for NBC news from 1989 through 1992.

  His prestige also seems to survive in political circles. The 1990 book The Population Explosion by Mr. Ehrlich and his
  wife continues to rehash these same failed predictions. Tim Wirth, former Democratic Senator from Colorado and U. S.
  delegate to the Cairo Population Conference, notes on the book jacket that "This superb, closely reasoned, and fact-
  filled book should do much to clear the way for badly needed political action." And no less than Vice President Al Gore
  adds "The time for action is due, and past due. The Ehrlichs have written the prescription. . . ." If these books don't drive
  you to panic and despair, then surely the jacket blurbs will.

  S. Fred Singer is now president of the Science and Environmental Policy Project. This organization is dedicated to
  educational programs aimed at scientists, the media, decision makers, and the general public. SEPP concentrates its
  activities on global, regional and local atmospheric issues, and on risks from exposure to chemicals and radiation. If
  you're tired of supporting ZPG and prefer to support an organization with a better track record on environmental issues,
  you can get further information at:

  The Science and Environmental Policy Project
  4084 University Drive, Suite 101
  Fairfax, VA 22030
  Tel: (703) 934-6940
  Fax: (703) 352-7535

  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995july/july1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:01:31]
