{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T15:36:42Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 75832, "source_ctime_ns": 1790308157069196301, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-15-No-06---2001.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790308157066205560, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-15-No-06---2001.pdf", "source_sha256": "ca99856ddaceb5cd7380c65fccacd22d1c723e8f988e36b1a0d229059911fe23"}

skeptic


   The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
   Volume 15 Number 6                                             www.ntskeptics.org          June 2001


   In this month's issue:
          Clinical Research in Homeopathy: A Limited Skeptical Review and Analysis (Part I)
          The Weakest Skeptic Debuts at NTS
          What's new
          Skeptical Ink


   Clinical Research in Homeopathy: A Limited Skeptical
   Review and Analysis (Part I)
   By Daniel R. Barnett

   For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be fooled. – Richard
   Feynman

   Here's a bold statement from Frank King, DC, a North Carolina chiropractor who advocates the use of homeopathic
   medications:

          Whenever critics may say that homeopathy does not have any good research, we can confidently inform
          them that they are not familiar with the scientific literature. Homeopathy has an impressive accumulation of
          statistics that has been acquired over the last 200 years…In an age when medicines have a rapid turnover
          due to harmful side effects or ineffectiveness, homeopathy has stood the test of time. As basic truths will
          always exist, so have the remedies of homeopathy.1

   This sentiment is apparently shared by a growing number of people who have embraced the use of homeopathy, some of
   whom can be found in the American and British entertainment industries. On the advice of her chiropractor, actress
   Mariel Hemingway started using Zicam, a homeopathic nasal gel-spray that supposedly shortens the duration of the
   common cold; she now calls it her family's "secret weapon" against colds.2 Jane Seymour, who played the title character
   in Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman, frequently administers homeopathic medications to herself, her children, and fellow
   actors; her sister, Annie Gould, is a homeopathic doctor.3 Also, Suzanne Somers of Three's Company fame recently told
   Larry King that, against her doctors' advice, she has been taking a homeopathic preparation of mistletoe instead of a
   more traditional regimen of chemotherapy to fight breast cancer.4


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2001/2001june/june2001.htm[16/01/2023 08:52:42]
skeptic

   It has been approximately 200 years since German-born physician Samuel Hahnemann codified the methods and basic
   theories of homeopathy. Unfortunately, attempts to explain the mechanism of homeopathy in scientific terms still
   remain few and far between – partially because homeopaths have yet to reach a definite consensus on how homeopathy
   works or even if it's that important to know how it works.

   Dana Ullman, MPH, states in his booklet A Beginner's Guide to Homeopathy that "Although there are various theories
   about how and why the small doses act effectively, most people are more interested in knowing that these doses are
   effective, rather than technical or theoretical explanations that try to describe why they work."5 Judyth Reichenberg-
   Ullman, ND, MSW, and Robert Ullman, ND, authors of Ritalin-Free Kids: Safe and Effective Homeopathic Medicine
   for ADD and Other Behavioral and Learning Problems, offer this statement concerning criticisms of homeopathy:

   Homeopathy admittedly does not work on a biochemical level. Nor does acupuncture. These types of medicine are
   effective because they are forms of energy medicine. We do not yet fully understand how to measure, analyze, or
   evaluate energy medicine. But, just as acupuncture has been used very effectively for centuries, homeopathy has also
   shown clinical success for the past 200 years and is widely accepted in many parts of the world.6

   To bolster such claims of clinical success, homeopaths often call attention to various randomized double-blind clinical
   trials that have been published in prestigious medical and scientific journals in the recent past. These trials apparently
   show promising results stemming from the use of homeopathic remedies for specific ailments.

   A fairly comprehensive account of such trials can be found in Mosby's Complementary and Alternative Medicine: A
   Research-Based Approach. This textbook, which just hit bookshelves a few months ago, is designed to give medical
   professionals complete and clinically relevant coverage of alternative therapies used in modern practice. When
   discussing clinical trials of homeopathy, co-author Lyn W. Freeman, PhD, presents case studies demonstrating the
   purported efficacy of homeopathic medications in treating conditions such as hay fever, dust-mite sensitivity in
   asthmatics, childhood diarrhea, hepatitis B, rheumatoid arthritis, and fibromyalgia.7

   This series seeks to conduct a brief examination of two clinical studies of homeopathic therapy, discussing the methods
   used and the results obtained as well as commentary in response to these trials. Two meta-analyses of clinical trials of
   homeopathy will also be reviewed.

   Homeopathic Treatment of Childhood Diarrhea in Nicaragua

   One recent clinical trial that has proved to be popular among homeopaths was published in Pediatrics, the journal of the
   American Pediatric Association, in 1994. Spearheaded by Jennifer Jacobs, MD, MPH, of the University of Washington
   School of Public Health and Community Medicine, the study details the methodology and results of a randomized
   double-blind clinical trial conducted on 81 children (aged 6 months to 5 years) with acute diarrhea in Leòn, Nicaragua,
   in July 1991.8

   All of the children were given physical examinations, assessed for dehydration using "a standardized World Health
   Organization scheme of signs and symptoms," administered corresponding oral rehydration therapy, and assigned
   diarrhea index scores as indicators of the severity of illness. An American homeopathic practitioner then gave each child
   a homeopathic interview and examination; the data from such interviews was subjected to computer analysis to
   determine the most appropriate homeopathic remedy for each child. Afterwards, all children were randomly assigned to
   either a treatment group, who received sucrose/lactose pellets impregnated with a homeopathic medication from Boiron
   USA9 such as Arsenicum album or Chamomilla of 30C potency, or a control group who received an identical placebo.

   The abstract for the clinical trial detailed the following results:

          The treatment group had a statistically significant (P < .05) decrease in duration of diarrhea, defined as the
          number of days until there were less than three unformed stools daily for 2 consecutive days. There was
          also a significant difference (P < .05) in the number of stools per day between the two groups after 72 hours
          of treatment…


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2001/2001june/june2001.htm[16/01/2023 08:52:42]
skeptic

          The statistically significant decrease in the duration of diarrhea in the treatment group suggests that
          homeopathic treatment might be useful in acute childhood diarrhea.10

   Commenting on the results of the clinical trial, Jacobs and her associates stated, "No scientific explanation for the
   mechanism of action of homeopathy currently exists. However, the numerous anecdotal reports of its efficacy and its
   use by millions of people worldwide suggest the need for a thorough scientific examination of this modality."11

   Chamomilla vs. the River Jordan: Response to the Jacobs Study

   Not everyone was so quick to agree with Jacobs et al. For example, two physicians from Massachusetts General
   Hospital responded by asking whether the change in stool output was due to homeopathic therapy or due to a dietary
   factor that hadn't been taken into account.12 Another respondent mentioned reports that emphasized how the effects of
   rice-based or cereal-based oral rehydration solutions varied depending on the quality of a child's previous nutritional
   status.13 Jacobs et al responded by claiming that the outpatient setting of the trial did not allow for more precise
   measurements of stool output or nutritional management.14

   It was not until Wallace Sampson, MD, and William London, EdD, wrote an analysis of the Jacobs study that Pediatrics
   presented a thorough critique of the clinical trial's objectives, method, diagnosis, treatment selection, and interpretation
   of results.15 Concerning the study's outcomes, Wallace and Sampson stated that the treatment and control numbers were
   "unbalanced by a difference of 50% or more" for seven of the eight compounds expressly listed in the study. For
   example, eight children in the treatment group were given Chamomilla 30C, but only five children in the control group
   were given the corresponding placebo. In addition, all diagnostic and treatment groups were lumped together for
   analysis, making it impossible to determine the efficacy of one particular homeopathic remedy.

   As for the commentary from the study's authors, Wallace and Sampson indicated that the statement "No scientific
   explanation for the mechanism of action of homeopathy currently exists" assumes that homeopathy has an action in the
   first place, despite what the critique described as poor evidence for homeopathy's efficacy. The use of a 30C potency –
   the dilution of a mother tincture at 10-60 concentration – led Wallace and Sampson to state that "it is more likely that
   there would be a molecule of the River Jordan water rather than a molecule of the material in the original solution." 16

   Jacobs and the other authors of the study responded to these comments (and others) from Wallace and Sampson shortly
   afterwards. The researchers agreed that pooling the results made it difficult to determine which individualized
   treatments were effective, but stated that "if effectiveness was uneven between treatments, this pooling would tend to
   dilute the strength of any positive treatment association, making it more difficult to show a significant difference."17
   When the topic changed came to the question of whether homeopathy has a mechanism of action or reliable scientific
   evidence, the researchers stated:

          We acknowledge that the lack of biologic plausibility makes homeopathy difficult to accept. However, does
          this mean that scientific inquiry should be restricted to phenomena comfortably inside the paradigm of
          modern, Western medicine? Should we not carry out studies on phenomena for which the mechanism of
          action is not understood? There are many examples in medicine and public health in which effects were
          accepted empirically before their mechanisms were understood.18

   The apparent lack of a resolution to the debate did not deter Boiron USA, the manufacturers of the disputed remedies,
   from proclaiming that the Pediatrics trial marked a significant step "in the application and effectiveness of infinitesimal
   doses to human biology" in their pocket guide, The Smart Guide To Homeopathy.19 Nor did the abstract's relatively
   mild assertion that homeopathic therapy "might be useful in acute childhood diarrhea" prevent the authors of Ritalin-
   Free Kids from proclaiming that the study "demonstrated homeopathy's effectiveness in pediatric diarrhea in
   Nicaragua."20 The study and its results have also been cited in Mosby's Complementary and Alternative Medicine as
   well as numerous homeopathic pamphlets, books, and on-line articles.

   Next month: A study in the BMJ testing the placebo hypothesis with a homeopathic hayfever remedy, plus a look at


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2001/2001june/june2001.htm[16/01/2023 08:52:42]
skeptic

   meta-analyses of homeopathic studies and the methodology used by such trials.

   ______________
   References
   1 King, Frank. "Homeopathic Research Update." ChiroWeb.com Web site.
   http://www.chiroweb.com/archives/13/19/19.html. Accessed November 14, 2000.
   2 Morgan, John. "Hemingway hot for new cold remedy." USA Today; November 30, 2000.
   3 Leavitt, Lonnie. "Flu Fighter." CBS 2 television news broadcast. KCBS (Los Angeles); December 18, 1997.
   http://www.channel2000.com/news/specialassign/news-specialassignment-971219-003436.html.
   4 Larry King Live television broadcast. Cable News Network; March 28, 2001.
   5 Ullman, Dana. A Beginner's Guide to Homeopathy. Springville, UT: Medicine from Nature, 1993: 7.
   6 Reichenberg-Ullman J, Ullman R. Ritalin-Free Kids: Safe and Effective Homeopathic Medicine for ADD and Other
   Behavioral and Learning Problems. Rocklin, CA: Prima Publishing, 1996: 123.
   7 Freeman LW: "Homeopathy: Like Cures Like." In: Freeman LW, Lawlis GF. Mosby's Complementary and
   Alternative Medicine: A Research-Based Approach. St. Louis, MO: Mosby, 2001: 354-356.
   8 Jacobs J, Jiménez LM, Gloyd SS, Gale JL, Crothers D. Treatment of acute childhood diarrhea with homeopathic
   medicine: A randomized clinical trial in Nicaragua. Pediatrics 1994;93:719-725.
   9 Jacobs J, Jimenez LM, Gloyd SS, Gale JL, Crothers D. Homeopathic treatment of childhood diarrhea. Pediatrics
   1996;97:778-779.
   10 Jacobs et al. Pediatrics 1994;93:719-725.
   11 Ibid.
   12 Duggan C, Kleinman RE. Homeopathy study questions. Pediatrics 1994;94:963.
   13 Richmond VL. Homeopathy study questions. Pediatrics 1994;94:963-964.
   14 Jacobs J, Gloyd SS, Crothers D. Homeopathy study questions. Pediatrics 1994;94:965.
   15 Sampson W, London W. Analysis of homeopathic treatment of childhood diarrhea. Pediatrics 1995;96:961-964.
   16 Ibid.
   17 Jacobs et al. Pediatrics 1996;97:778-779.
   18 Ibid.
   19 The Smart Guide To Homeopathy. Newtown Square, PA: Boiron USA, n.d.: 5.
   20 Reichenberg-Ullman, Ullman. Ritalin-Free Kids, 59.

   [Back to top]


   The Weakest Skeptic Debuts at NTS
   Laura Ainsworth Hosts a Game Show that's not for the Faint of Intellect

   By Daniel R. Barnett
   For our May 2001 meeting on Saturday the 12th, the North Texas Skeptics decided to shift gears. Instead of a skeptical
   lecture or a guest speaker, we decided to try our hand at a game show called The Weakest Skeptic.

   Patterned after the television program The Weakest Link, a British import hosted by Anne Robinson on NBC, our show
   featured five contestants who were peppered with various questions dealing with rational thought, pseudoscience, urban
   legends, and alternative medicine. We had the questions and the rules of play ready to go, but all we needed was a
   capable host with a sharp wit and a decent repertoire of insults, which Ms. Robinson makes frequent use of on her
   program.

   Fortunately, we had someone who was up for the task. Laura Ainsworth, a member of the NTS Board of Directors, also
   works with husband Pat Reeder on a comedy subscription service for radio stations called The Comedy Wire. When she
   walked up to the podium in an all-black ensemble and wire-rimmed spectacles, she explained the rules to the


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2001/2001june/june2001.htm[16/01/2023 08:52:42]
skeptic

   contestants, stating that winning The Weakest Skeptic would give the lucky individual "the right to declare yourself 'the
   smartest person in the room' after I leave it."

   The rules for TWS are pretty straightforward. The game is divided into five rounds in which each player is asked five
   questions per round in rotating order, winning a point for each question answered correctly. Unlike The Weakest Link,
   where contestants are expected to work as a team to build up the jackpot and then vote each other off the team, in TWS
   it's every player for himself or herself. "There is too great a temptation to remove the smartest competitor," Laura
   explains, "and at skeptic meetings, we do not punish people for being intelligent."

   At the end of each round, the player with the lowest score was given an imperious stare by the host, who then declared,
   "You are the Weakest Skeptic. Goodbye!" That was my cue to chase the player back into the audience with a blast of
   hardcore free-form jazz from my Naked City collection. (Hey, just because I'm not the host doesn't mean that I have to
   be nice…)

   We played two sessions of the game with five players each, their names being drawn at random before each session.
   Questions concerning Uri Geller, Scientology, and extraterrestrials proved to be popular, but Laura kept the contestants
   on their toes with a broad variety of queries. Those who fell short on correct answers found themselves on the business
   end of a skeptical insult from Laura, such as "Your intelligence is as real as the N-ray" or "Were you having a near-
   death experience when that question was being asked?" When it came time to tally the scores at the end of a round,
   Laura would ask a question like "Whose brain was lost in the Bermuda Triangle?" or "Which contestant is possessed by
   a demon – a demon with a very low IQ?"

   It isn't very often that you have a room full of people who are being insulted and enjoying every minute of it. Laura
   pulled off her duties with polish and finesse, earning a standing ovation for her at the end of our meeting.

   Congratulations go out to our two winners, Michael Binder (a high school chemistry teacher) and Virginia Barnett (my
   wife and fellow NTS Director). Both of them received a vintage NTS T-shirt and a $10 gift certificate to either Half-
   Price Books or Paperbacks Plus. Michael also won a copy of Scientific Creationism by Henry Miller and the Institute
   for Creation Research, while Virginia won a copy of Possessed: True Tales of Demonic Possession by Brian
   McConnell.

   If you missed The Weakest Skeptic this time around, please check your newsletter and our Web site to learn when we'll
   be playing the game again. Judging by the response that we've received so far, this won't be a one-time event. In fact,
   TWS may be popping up at a few venues outside the realm of the North Texas Skeptics in the not-too-distant future.
   We'll try to keep you posted.

   Until next time – "Goodbye!"


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2001/2001june/june2001.htm[16/01/2023 08:52:42]
skeptic


   Laura Ainsworth says "Goodbye."

   Note from DRB: In addition to Anne Robinson and the executive producers of The Weakest Link, respect is due to the
   Georgia Skeptics, the Reality Examination Association of Lincoln Land (REALL), the Philadelphia Association for
   Critical Thinking (PhACT), and the New England Skeptical Society (NESS), whose skeptical quiz shows in the past
   contributed greatly towards inspiring the creation of this game.

   [Back to top]


   What's new
   by Robert Park

   [Robert Park publishes the What's New column at http://www.aps.org/WN/. Following are some clippings of interest.]

   Cell phones and cancer: So what does the GAO know?

   In an orgy of budget cutting, Congress abolished its Office of Technology Assessment in 1995 (WN 29 Sep 95). So
   where does Congress go to get answers to technical questions? Sen. Joseph Lieberman (D-CN) and Rep. Edward
   Markey (D-MA) turned to the General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, for a report on possible
   health risks associated with cell phone use. In its report, released on Tuesday, the GAO finds no evidence of adverse
   health effects, BUT they conclude there is not yet enough data to conclude cell phones pose no risk at all. Of course not!
   And there never will be. You can't prove anything is risk free. A problem may yet show up only at higher exposure, or
   after longer incubation, or when cell phone radiation is combined with caffeine, or.... Physicists ask to see a plausible
   mechanism.

   Placebo effect: It won't shrink tumors or cure baldness.

   A Danish study challenges the widely accepted claim that just about any disorder that afflicts people will show a
   positive response to a sham treatment. This so-called "placebo effect" has been widely hailed by proponents of mind-
   body medicine as evidence of the mind's power to heal. It's more likely to be evidence of self-deception. For any
   disorder that could be measured, such as excess weight, the Danish study found the use of a placebo to be no more
   effective than no treatment at all. The placebo myth may result from a reduction in stress hormones in people who are


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2001/2001june/june2001.htm[16/01/2023 08:52:42]
skeptic

   convinced the treatment will work. Stress hormones can make you feel lousy. The release of the Danish study comes as
   the sale of herbal medications is falling, following several negative trials.

   Bob Park can be reached via email at opa@aps.org

   [Back to top]


   Skeptical ink
   By Prasad Golla and John Blanton

   Copyright 2001
   Free, non-commercial reuse permitted.


   [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2001/2001june/june2001.htm[16/01/2023 08:52:42]
