{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T15:54:43Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 52807, "source_ctime_ns": 1788537217363431020, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-09-No-06---1995.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788537217361430849, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-09-No-06---1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "92a2c64066b00a3e56d10af2c8a61c86f8a57a8ebc60a686d4cec3a06fb8a7f7"}

The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 9 Number 6                                              www.ntskeptics.org             June 1995


  In this month's issue:
          The third eye
          Die hard III
          The truth: on sale now


  The third eye
  By Pat Reeder

  It is time to address a plague which is sweeping the land, and I don't mean the Ebola virus, although it is certainly
  gnawing at my insides. 
It's a malady that I call "Skeptic But." No, that's not the sore backside I get from sitting in front
  of the computer, pounding out these columns. It's a mental virus which breaks out every time a reporter does a story on
  some unfounded paranormal claim and turns to a proponent of it to describe how he or she came to believe in such a
  ridiculous premise. 
The answer invariably goes something like this:

  "I'm a SKEPTIC, BUT Madame Olga told me so much about myself, she proved she has psychic powers!" Or, "I'm the
  world's biggest SKEPTIC, BUT all the stories about UFO abductions are so similar, there just must be something to
  them!" Or, "I've always been a SKEPTIC, BUT if there's no such thing as ghosts, how do you explain that 'Casper'
  movie?"

  The May 26th "House & Garden" section of the Dallas Morning News brought us the latest load of Skeptic Buts, in an
  article called "True Believers." 
It's about feng shui, the ancient Chinese art of decorating your house to balance the
  cosmic energy flow of your life. A man couldn't find a wife until he added a door from the kitchen to the dining room
  to prevent positive energy from escaping and Shazam! within three months, he met his fiancee! The fact that he had
  been actively looking for a fiancee for months had nothing to do with it (He says, "I am really quite a SKEPTICal
  person, BUT. . . just because you don't physically see something like ch'i doesn't mean it doesn't exist."). A house
  wouldn't sell because it was too close to the street, until some small mirrors were put up to reflect the noise and negative
  vibes away from the house. The possibility that it had been on the market for months and was finally purchased by
  someone who didn't want a large front yard to mow was not considered. 
Then, there's the woman who added mirrors to
  help energy flow into the "dark spots" of her home, and fixed the cracks in her steps to prevent details of her life from
  symbolically falling through them. Shortly afterward, orders picked up at her business. How would you explain
  THAT?! "Busy season?" you might guess. No, it had to be the feng shui! For, as the woman points out, "I'm a
  SKEPTICal person, BUT the results were pretty breathtaking."

  I hate to have to be the one to break this to all those self-proclaimed "skeptics," but sometimes, things just happen, and
  there is no mystical connection between them. For instance, believe it or not, it's entirely possible that you might have
  gotten married even if there wasn't a door between your kitchen and dining room. Please, don't get me wrong. 
If you
  want to believe this nonsense, go right ahead. It might even make your home more enjoyable (who wouldn't like an


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995june/june1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:02:34]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  extra mirror, or a couple of houseplants, or a door between the kitchen and dining room, to save having to carry the
  dinner dishes through the garage?).

  But if you're going to make irrational connections between random events, or believe, as one woman does, that her
  house hasn't been robbed because she tied red ribbons on the doors (are there also locks and burglar alarms on those
  doors, or is that beside the point?), then PLEASE, STOP CALLING YOURSELF A SKEPTIC!!! No good reporter
  would allow a man to declare, "I'm a woman, but I disagree with the women's movement." Or let a white man get away
  with saying, "I am African-American, but I disagree with the civil rights movement." So why do they continue to
  allocate newsprint and air time to people who say, "I am a SKEPTIC, BUT I believe in . . . (UFO abductions,
  poltergeists, palm readers, trance channelers, psychic surgery, O.J.'s alibi, shoving broccoli up your nostrils to cure acne,
  or any other illogical and ridiculous thing for which there is no evidence whatsoever)"? If you simply must proclaim
  belief in such tripe, then try prefacing your sentence with this phrase: "I used to be a SKEPTIC, BUT then I cast aside
  logic and started believing in . . . etc."

  I have a brain, so I don't pretend to speak for astrologers. And I am hereby demanding that all you people who either
  don't have a brain, or don't want to use the one you've got, quit claiming to be skeptics. 
I'm warning you all: if this
  doesn't halt, I'm calling the ACLU and filing a defamation suit!


                                                                            ...
  The May 23rd "Today" section of the Morning News carried a feature that almost redeems them for the "True Believers"
  piece (it was originally written for the Washington Post, though, if that tells you anything). 
It's a feature on the growing
  acceptance of the belief in alien abduction tales. In it, we learn that "abductees" believe these stories must be true,
  because so many of the details of their stories are similar. 
They never seem to notice that they have other things in
  common, as well: that their stories are strikingly similar to images in hundreds of sci-fi movies and TV shows that
  everyone has grown up watching; that many of them never realized they were abductees until they underwent
  "hypnotherapy" sessions with the totally uncredentialed Bud Hopkins (Hey, Bud, I'll make you a deal: you stop
  conducting hypnotherapy sessions, and I'll stop putting on a lab coat, going down to the local emergency room, and
  dispensing worthless medical advice to unsuspecting victims); and that most recently, they have all started gathering in
  "support groups," where the details of their stories can become even more co-mingled and solidified, with no pesky
  interference from outsiders, like their psychiatrists.

  The article also includes an excellent sidebar on sleep paralysis, an age-old mental condition which has been responsible
  for tales of demon visitations going back centuries. Of course, abduction believers respond that this does not account
  for why people seem to disappear for awhile (Do they? Like who, Travis Walton?) or have bruises they can't account
  for (I have two bruises now, one on my arm and one on my leg, and I can't for the life of me remember where I got
  them. Oh, I know: I must have been abducted and probed by intergalactic space aliens! 
I'm a SKEPTIC, BUT how can
  you argue with unexplained bruises, hmmmmmmmm?!!).

  Speaking of UFO abductees and attacks on skeptics, our old pal, Whitley Streiber, was a guest on Tom Snyder's show
  recently, and as always, had some interesting and outrageous things to say. He said he doesn't write these
  "Communion" books to be popular; in fact, he and his wife now "have the social life of dead bugs." I nearly fell off the
  couch laughing when he said it was particularly hard on his son, because, "Things like this can be difficult on a
  teenager."
  "Things like this?!" I can see it now: "Daaaaad! Not the aliens again! Oh God, this is soooooo embarrassing!"

  The best part of the show came during the phone calls, when fellow believers again excoriated us evil skeptics for not
  accepting Whitley's sci-fi tales as gospel truth. Whitley and the callers are just so frustrated with us! Why, he had
  marks on his body! "Isn't that enough to convince those skeptics?!" one woman huffed. Whitney sighed that it
  apparently was not, and added (I'm quoting from memory here), "If I wasn't subjected to a rectal probe, then how come I
  was so sore, I couldn't sit down for two days?"

  Frankly, I wouldn't touch that question with a ten-foot pole. But I wouldn't be surprised if it was just a bad case of


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995june/june1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:02:34]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  Skeptic Butt.

   [back to top]


  Die hard III
  The urban legend of “Good Times Virus”

  By Mike Sullivan

  The growing world of computer on-line services have proven to be a fertile environment for one of the 20th century's
  most pernicious infections: the urban legend. The nearly instant and effortless forwarding of messages from one
  computer user to another makes the spread of urban legends impossible to track and even harder to debunk. Worse, it
  seems the refutation of any particular legend never gets nearly the wide distribution as the original tale did.

  As so it is in this case: the so-called “Good Times Virus,” which has infected the e-mail systems, message areas, and
  more significantly, the minds of millions of computer users since last year. This one may have a better chance of being
  permanently exterminated than most hoaxes of the kind, however, because of an unusual public refutation made by
  some reputable computer security agencies.

  The “Good Times Virus” hoax started in either late November or early December of 1994, most probably on the
  America Online (AOL) computer service. From there, it spread at the speed of e-mail (which is to say nearly instantly
  and exponentially), and with the near-perfect reproduction quality which computers produce. Before long, the e-mail
  systems of private companies were being bogged down with the “Good Times Virus” messages.

  Many well-meaning but fairly technologically illiterate MIS managers passed it along without first checking it out, thus
  lending the whole story more credence as it wound its way through the corporate message systems of firms that should
  certainly know better: AT&T, CitiBank, NBC, Hughes Aircraft, and Dallas' own Texas Instruments and EDS; as well as
  government agencies including the Department of Defense, FCC, and NASA.

  At the risk that this issue of The Skeptic might fall into the hands of someone who won't read this entire article, see only
  the following excerpt, and resurrect the whole mess, I will reproduce here one of the most popular strains of the “Good
  Times Virus” tale for the benefit of our readers, complete with typos and grammatical errors —

  *********************************************

  PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY!

  There is a new computer virus that is being sent across the Internet. If you receive an email message with the subject
  line "Good Times," DO NOT read the message. DELETE it immediately. Please read the messages below.

  Some miscreant is sending email under the title "good times" nation-wide. If you get anything like this, DON'T
  DOWNLOAD THE FILE! It has a virus that rewrites your hard drive, obliterating anything on it. Please be careful and
  forward this mail to anyone you care about. Thought you might like to know...

  The FCC released a warning last Wednesday concerning a matter of major importance to any regular user of the
  Internet. Apparently, a new computer virus has been engineered by a user of America Online that is unparalled in its
  destructive capability. Other, more well-known viruses such as Stoned, Airwolf, and Michaelangelo pale in comparison
  to the prospects of this newest creation by a warped mentality.

  What makes this virus so terrifying, said the FCC, is the fact that no program needs to be exchanged for a new computer
  to be infected. It can be spread through the existing e-mail systems of the InterNet. Once a computer is infected, one of
  several things can happen. If the computer contains a hard drive, that will most likely be destroyed. If the program is not


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995june/june1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:02:34]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  stopped, the computer's processor will be placed in an nth-complexity infinite binary loop, which can severely damage
  the processor if left running that way too long. Unfortunately, most novice computer users will not realize what is
  happening until it is far too late.

  Luckily, there is one sure means of detecting what is now known as the "Good Times" virus. It always travels to new
  computers the same way in a test e-mail message with the subject line reading simply "Good Times."

  Avoiding infection is easy once the file has been received - not reading it. The act of loading the file into the mail
  server's ASCII buffer causes the "Good Times" mainline program to initialize and execute. The program is highly
  intelligent - it will send copies of itself to everyone whose e-mail address is contained in a received-mail file or a sent-
  mail file, if it can find one. It will then trash the computer it is running on. The bottom line here is - if you receive a file
  with the subject line "Good Times," delete it immediately! Do not read it! Rest assured that whoever's name was on the
  "From:" line was surely struck by the virus. Warn your friends and local system users of this newest threat to the
  InterNet! It could save them a lot of time and money."

  Please pass this on...especially to anyone you know that uses "America Online" regularly.

  ************************************

  Hoax hallmarks:

  As any student of urban legends will quickly note, this hoax has all the key features of a well-designed urban legend. To
  mention just a few:


          Imminent danger: Forward the message on quickly (without taking time to check it out first) in order to “warn”
          others of the impending disaster!
          Scent of truth: Snippets of story line that “sound” like they could be true! Who would make up a story like this
          and name government agencies if it weren't true?
          Appeal to altruism: You would be doing your friends a big favor by forwarding this message to them right away!
          Vague specificity: Phrases like “last Wednesday,” “new virus,” “the FCC,” etc., make the more credulous readers
          think that this is a real warning about a real danger.
          Cloaked in technicalities: Gee, this must be a sophisticated virus if it causes your processor to go into “an nth-
          complexity infinite binary loop,” whatever that is. I've never heard that term before, but it sure sounds like a
          technical term and a very bad thing!

  Anyone who understands the first thing (well, okay, maybe the second thing) about how e-mail systems and computer
  viruses work will realize immediately that the kind of virus described by the “Good Times” hoax is a technical
  impossibility. There is simply no way for a text message without an executable component to infect a system, let alone
  permanently damage your computer.

  Secondly, there is no set of instructions that can be fed to a modern processor chip that will harm it in any way . . . it's a
  chip, for crying out loud! It wouldn't care what series of instructions it was given; it would plow through them happily
  by the hour without suffering any ill effect. So the technical details of the “Good Times Virus” hoax are preposterous on
  their face. What is amazing about this episode is that so many people who should know that fell for the hoax and kept it
  circulating far longer than it should have been.

  A real virus?

  Is the “Good Times Virus” a real virus? Yes, but in a totally different way than is described in the hoax message. As
  one Internet user commented:
  “It's an opportunistic self-replicating e-mail virus which tricks its host into replicating it, sometimes adding as many as
  200,000 copies at a go. It works by finding hosts with defective parsing apparatus which prevents them from
  understanding that a piece of e-mail which says there is an e-mail virus and then asking them to re-mail the message to
  all their friends is the virus itself." Clay Shirky (clays@panix.com)


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995june/june1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:02:34]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  Well put indeed. In a way, the “Good Times Virus” hoax acts like a Trojan Horse-type virus . . . entering the target
  system under the guise of a well-intended warning, and then replicating itself by their inability to stop the spread of
  infection by clicking the “Delete” button instead of the “Forward to. . . ” button.
  Just to give closure to the story, here is the text of the refutation of the hoax by one prominent computer security
  agency: the U.S. Department of Energy's Computer Incident Advisory Capability (CIAC). They tried to kill off the
  “Good Times Virus” urban legend in their December 8, 1994, issue, just a week or two after the hoax was first
  circulating —

  THE "Good Times" VIRUS IS AN URBAN LEGEND

  In the early part of December, CIAC started to receive information requests about a supposed "virus" which could be
  contracted via America OnLine, simply by reading a message...

  THIS IS A HOAX. Upon investigation, CIAC has determined that this message originated from both a user of America
  Online and a student at a university at approximately the same time, and it was meant to be a hoax.

  CIAC has also seen other variations of this hoax, the main one is that any electronic mail message with the subject line
  of "xxx-1" will infect your computer.

  This rumor has been spreading very widely. This spread is due mainly to the fact that many people have seen a message
  with "Good Times" in the header. They delete the message without reading it, thus believing that they have saved
  themselves from being attacked. These first-hand reports give a false sense of credibility to the alert message.

  There has been one confirmation of a person who received a message with "xxx-1" in the header, but an empty message
  body. Then, (in a panic, because he had heard the alert), he checked his PC for viruses (the first time he checked his
  machine in months) and found a pre-existing virus on his machine. He incorrectly came to the conclusion that the E-
  mail message gave him the virus (this particular virus could NOT POSSIBLY have spread via an E-mail message). This
  person then spread his alert.

  As of this date, there are no known viruses which can infect merely through reading a mail message. For a virus to
  spread some program must be executed. Reading a mail message does not execute the mail message. Yes, Trojans have
  been found as executable attachments to mail messages, the most notorious being the IBM VM Christmas Card Trojan
  of 1987, also the TERM MODULE Worm (reference CIAC Bulletin B-7) and the GAME2 MODULE Worm (CIAC
  Bulletin B-12). But this is not the case for this particular "virus" alert.

  If you encounter this message being distributed on any mailing lists, simply ignore it or send a follow-up message
  stating that this is a false rumor.

  Karyn Pichnarczyk
  CIAC Team

  ciac@llnl.gov

  As of mid-April, the hoax was still running. I personally got a “warning” about the “Good Times Virus” from a well-
  meaning friend on CompuServe on April 25th! I admonished him and asked him to copy my debunking message to all
  those he originally sent the “warning” to, which he did. But these things are hard to kill! I'm sure we'll still be getting
  “Good Times” messages years from now, just as we still hear of long-debunked urban legends of Craig Shergold,
  headlight-out gang killings and infamous “Blue Star” continue to circulate. Let's hope “Good Times Virus” doesn't
  make it into the Hoax Hall of Fame by outwitting all the efforts of rationalists to exterminate it.

   [back to top]


  The truth: on sale now!

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995june/june1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:02:34]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  By Jeff Freeman

  Stories of Dungeons & Dragons satanic-suicides have died off in recent years as we discovered other things to worry
  about. While the topic was still hot (between 1979 and 1992), the AP and UPI circulated 111 articles mentioning fantasy
  role-playing games. According to an article by Paul Cardwell Jr., published in The Skeptical Inquirer (Winter, 1994),
  eighty of those reports were largely anti-game.

  Little wonder that many people still have this idea that “D&D” (misused as a generic term for “fantasy role-playing
  game” even though it is a trademark of TSR Hobbies, Inc.) is an occultist lure. The charges are still that FRPG causes
  suicide, promotes violence, is Satanic/Occult and causes participants to murder their parents. This isn't the media-hype
  of the mid-1980s, either. Recent articles, though far less common than in the mid-80s, have alluded to one or more of
  the above charges. Recently D&D-occultism has been brandished in otherwise sound articles about Magic: The
  Gathering (a “spell-card” game), such as the July 27, 1994, article in the Washington Post which referred to D&D as
  “an infamous tool for occultists.”

  February 16, 1995, the U.S. Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals must have confused talk-show sensationalism with
  scientific inquiry when it upheld the lower court decision that an Oklahoma state prison warden was justified in banning
  role-playing games on the basis that they “encourage aggressive behavior through role-playing and the game characters
  may be used as tatoo [sic] patterns.” I'm not sure what the tattoo-pattern thing is all about, but James L. Carroll and Paul
  M. Carolin's study published in Psychological Reports (June, 1989) as well as Armando Simón's published in
  Psychology in the School (October, 1987) well established that gamers are not “more violent” than non-gamers. On the
  contrary, the findings of Suzanne Abyeta and James Forest as reported in Psychological Reports (Number 69, 1991)
  indicate that gamers as a group have fewer criminal tendencies.

  In the Vancouver Sun, June 10, 1994 Phil Davidson blames the murder of a street-sweeper in Spain on a “fantasy
  adventure board game.” Possibly he relied on an article by Harold Glasgow (which popped up in a NEXIS search the
  day prior) in lieu of actual research. According to these reports, the perpetrators were playing a game in which the
  object was to kill a certain number of a certain type of people. An LTE running a week later (and read by far fewer
  people than the original article) casts doubt on that exposition by pointing out a number of inconsistencies. The
  perpetrators aren't accused of killing anyone else; they weren't members of the university game club; there's no evidence
  they ever even played any FRPGs ; and there's no such “fantasy adventure board game” anyway. This is just the sort of
  “D&D murder” that would have made Bothered About Dungeons & Dragons' Trophy List back when Pat Pulling was
  actively slamming D&D.
  Pat Robertson runs an anti-game commercial during The 700 Club's broadcast nearly every day. Respondents are
  offered a misinformative flyer that quotes Pat Pulling of BADD as a bona fide “expert.” It references a hoax that
  occurred when The 700 Club invited Paul Sanchez on their show under the pretense that he was a former employee of
  TSR Hobbies, Inc. The pamphlet suggests the game ditch the references to real-world mythology (which Pat Robertson
  finds “occultic”) and use instead a fictitious “game mythology " (not mentioned is that this was done in 1989). The flyer
  outlines a couple cases of “D&D suicide” and “D&D murder.” An accompanying tract addressing “The New Age,”
  claims that playing D&D leads to demonic possession and “is a sin against God.” Not only is it full of falsehoods, the
  text is nearly ten years old. When I wrote CBN and documented each untruth line by line, I received a thank you, the
  suggestion to pray for them and three months of junk-mail for other 700 Club projects.

  FRPG and suicide

  First the good news: If fantasy role playing games are in any way related to suicide, it's a positive connection. The
  American Association of Suicidology; Centers for Disease Control and Health & Welfare (Canada) have conducted
  extensive investigations into teen suicide in general and found no link to D&D. Furthermore, Dr. S. Kenneth Schonbert
  of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York found not a single case (in a meticulous study of over seven
  hundred adolescent suicides) in which FRPG was a factor. A survey of psychological autopsies of adolescent suicides in
  all major American cities (conducted by The Associated Gifted and Creative Children of California) did not locate a
  single case in which D&D or any other FRPG was a determinant.

  Though all of the above studies were conducted nearly ten years ago, just last week I received a letter from U.S.

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995june/june1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:02:34]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  Representative Dick Armey stating that “studies” had shown D&D was harmful and that parents shouldn't let their kids
  play. No reply yet to the question, “What studies?”
  The suicides listed among BADD's “Trophy List” are most often referred to when anti-game groups are challenged for
  evidence of D&D-suicide. What we find from that list is that sometimes teens commit suicide, whether they play D&D
  or not. Overall, however, we find a suicide rate for gamers some ten-times below the national average.

  Part of that is due to “teen suicide statistic” abuse. Most of the “teen suicide” is committed by “teens” in the 20 to 24
  year age range. Indeed, much of the suicide among that group is in the military. Yet in the mid-80s when BADD
  compiled its list of anecdotal evidence, FRPG was almost exclusively the domain of white suburban teens and college
  students. Moreover, the oft-repeated claim that “teen suicide has increased 300% since 1955” is in itself misleading. In
  1955 when a teen committed suicide the parents were blamed by family, friends and all of society. Sympathetic family
  doctors might record a suicide as “accidental death.” Relatively few groups were actively compiling statistics on teen
  suicide. As the blame for teen suicide shifted from Freudian “bad-parenting.” to chemical imbalances or even society in
  general and greater effort was made to collect accurate suicide statistics, the teen suicide rate increased. That this was an
  increase in the actual frequency of teen suicide by 300% seems unlikely. Consider that D&D was released in 1972, but
  did not gain really wide popularity until Random House began distributing it in 1979. According to a report released by
  the CDC in 1986, the teen suicide rate peaked in the late-1970s and then declined for nearly 10 years. If there is a link,
  it's a rigorously positive one.

  Part of it may well be that. Role-playing games mandate social interaction. Unlike reading, watching TV, playing video-
  games, etc., RPG demands that a group of three or more people sit around a table and actually talk to one another.
  Social interaction, however, is not the hallmark of potential suicide.

  FRPG and murder

  The evidence that FRPG is in some way related to murder is every bit as substantial as the evidence D&D causes
  suicide. That is, no more tangible than the evidence of UFO abductions, Elvis-sightings and homeopathic medical
  successes. While studies as extensive as were done for the suicide allegations haven't been conducted, we must
  remember that these charges come from the very same people who claimed D&D caused suicide. Also we must recall
  that this charge did not even emerge until the previous “suicide” claim had been utterly refuted. Furthermore, The
  Committee for the Advancement of Role-Playing Games has investigated every single case that Bothered About
  Dungeons & Dragons ever advanced and debunked them one by one. Details on the vast majority of any documented
  case (and many of BADD's cases are not sufficiently documented to even verify that a death occurred) have been there
  for any half-serious investigator to discover all along, which might explain why most of BADD's press-clippings come
  from small-town papers and Christian newsletters. BADD's work in documenting D&D-murder was no more fit than
  their D&D-suicide evidence. In over 20 years of searching, there has never been found a single documented case of
  either suicide or murder in which D&D was a significant element.

  The most famous case of “D&D Murder” aired in the made-for-TV movie Cruel Doubt. Two teens supposedly juiced-
  up on LSD allegedly killed their purportedly abusive parents for a $2-million inheritance. A nonexistent “game
  scenario” was blamed. Though this game scenario was never introduced in court, the jury didn't buy the “D&D defense”
  and no such game-scenario has ever been published anyway (according to TSR Hobbies, Inc. and scores of gaming
  enthusiasts on the internet). The “true-crime” novel concluded that this was a D&D-murder. This leap is almost as
  grand as Mr. Davidson's aforementioned Washington Post article, but at least the novelist can retreat behind the shield
  of entertainment.

  The made-for-TV movie based on that “true crime” novel likewise blamed the game. In the movie, “quotes” were read
  from the rule book that the book doesn't contain, the scenario really did exist and “satanic pictures” that aren't actually
  in the rule book were shown as though the book actually contained those illustrations. It's the sort of pick-up truck
  tampering and wrong-size gas-spewing-cap trickery we expect from reputable TV news-magazines, not from “based on
  a true story” TV-movie producers.

  Other reports of “D&D Murder” are every bit as dubious. Many are based on no more than an over-zealous cult-cop
  concluding that “D&D did it,” quoted by a home-grown reporter and thus entered into the journalists' scriptural NEXIS


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995june/june1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:02:34]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  archives. Most don't even have that. A LEXIS search reveals that no jury at the appellate level has ever found any
  validity in the “D&D-defense.”

  D&D occultism

  Of course the real beef that fundamentalists have with D&D is that it contains the word “magic” throughout the rule
  book. Characters in the game cast spells and are not, according to the game world's imaginary gods, fictitiously
  “sinning.” We can pretend that wizards cast spells such as the pharaoh's magicians in The Ten Commandments but we
  must never pretend that it isn't a sin.

  Then there is the fact that the game-world has different “gods” than the real world to begin with. Perchance these are
  folks who want to evangelize every corner of the real world and every corner of every fantasy world as well. They want
  to convince all the imaginary characters worshipping imaginary gods that Christ is the one true way to salvation,
  oblivious of the fact that imaginary characters aren't going to gain any immortality (or even mortality) by such devotion
  anyway. Then they toss out the accusation that gamers might confuse fantasy with reality.

  The D&D defamation emerges from the same grim camp of extremists who denounce Care Bears and Smurfs for their
  “magic powers” and who postulate, perhaps, that Papa Smurf is a Satanic cult leader.

  Of course the mainstream doesn't and will not ever buy such a delightful load of gibberish. For the mainstream, the
  charge is secularized to “D&D causes suicide and murder,” backed up with anecdotal accounts that delude journalists
  and cops into creating still more “evidence” of FRPG's evil. Why does it cause suicide and murder? Because it is a
  Satanic lure! Why is it a Satanic lure? Because it causes suicide and murder!

  Get the picture?

  The opprobrious anti-game tracts that a number of fundamentalist Christian organizations produced in the late 1980s are
  basically the same sort of “Satan's Coming!” hate-trash that attacks Mormons, Masons, Jews, Catholics and every other
  Not-A-Real-True-Christian group there ever was. Quotes are pulled from the rule books and misrepresented so that the
  substantially ignorant will think the players are trying to cast spells, the players themselves are worshipping pagan gods,
  swearing oaths to Beelzebub, under some sort of mind-control by a David Koresh-like figure known as the “Dungeon
  Master,” etc. The accusation is rather like maintaining that watching Forest Gump not only teaches one how to be a
  shrimp-boat captain, but also that it will compel one to shrimp. Movie actors playing the role of bad guys are actually
  sinning. Authors of novels with bad-guys (let alone the demons that show up in pop-Christian novels like This Present
  Darkness) are in danger of demonic possession themselves. Such authors are, after all, describing the actions and
  reactions of evil characters doing evil things . . . just like D&D!

  Most fundamentalist Christians wouldn't even agree with such extremism. Certainly not if they knew that the game rule
  books don't contain recipes for poisons, directions for casting spells, demon-summoning mumbo-jumbo, etc. as the anti-
  game tracts are so fond of claiming. Casting a spell in D&D often amounts to saying, “Bob, my character casts a light-
  spell now.” Just as piloting a starship in the Traveller role-playing game doesn't require substantive knowledge of
  hyperspace (or for that matter, that hyperspace even exist), the player says that his character is trying it and the game
  referee tells him what happens. Bob might say “The room is filled with a glow,” or perhaps, “The starship leaps into
  hyperspace and in two weeks you'll arrive at Sol.”

  One-man bands

  I've nearly completed a survey of twenty-three organizations promoting various causes. Actually most of them are one-
  Ph.D. “organizations” publishing The Truth in pamphlets at 20 for $5. (One cannot fault the formula. The one-man
  organization is the very foundation of such mega-corporations as CBN/The 700 Club, et al.) Many also offer a
  newsletter and “maybe I'd be interested in a reference book for just $29.95?” The cause they are promoting is uniformly
  Christian Fundamentalism cloaked in the mantle of, say, family-advocacy or crime-fighter or suicide prevention. Write
  them with almost any question and you'll receive an offer for an “informative” handbook, flyers, posters and for $1,000
  they might conduct a seminar at your local church. The bottom line is that if you want to save your teen from suicide,
  yourself from being murdered, your marriage from falling apart, your soul from eternal hellfire, etc. then you must


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995june/june1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:02:34]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  become a Real True (fundamentalist) Christian. Voting a straight Republican ticket is just an added bonus.

  I wrote them all and asked for information on “a role-playing fantasy game called Dungeons & Dragons.”

  Eleven have responded so far. Only one simply replied with “Sorry, no info.” and suggested I try the local Christian
  bookstore. All of the other respondents have either replied with anti-game flyers or referred me to one of the other anti-
  game groups. I have material, therefore, from thirteen of the original twenty-three groups. One is neutral, twelve of them
  are anti-game. If they didn't tell me it was dangerous and sinful, they referred me to someone who would. They all seem
  to know one another, yet not a single one of them seems even vaguely aware of any legitimate product-safety or mental
  health organizations.

  Not one righteous Christian referred me to the Consumer Product Safety Commission or Centers for Disease Control,
  Intentional Injuries Section. None referred me to the American Association of Suicidology. I didn't even receive a
  referral to the local library (though there were several suggestions to visit the local Christian bookstore). The Truth
  About D&D (“and other fantasy games,” they say) is that it causes suicide. It causes Murder. It is Satanic and leads to
  horrific occult crimes.

  This is a truth that suicide professionals don't know. Numerous studies have failed to reveal it. Criminologists and law
  enforcement officers, though they deal with crime day in and day out have no idea that FRPG is related. Coroners in
  every major city in the U.S., reviewing case after case of suicide, somehow failed to notice FRPG was a factor. The
  entire Psychiatric industry is without a clue.

  But these fundamentalist organizations not only know The Truth, they have it on video for just $19.95!

  Jeff Freeman is the Texas state coordinator for CAR-PGa (a role-playing game research and information network), and
  a confessed news junkie. He lives in Carrollton with his wife and two young boys.

   [back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1995/1995june/june1995.htm[16/01/2023 10:02:34]
