{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T03:29:54Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 46097, "source_ctime_ns": 1790267104850248026, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-08-No-07---1994.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790267104728265597, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-08-No-07---1994.pdf", "source_sha256": "d02ae2fa1cb909174d93a428baf3093a7c0bafc22c19534332faffec8d419f21"}

The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 8 Number 7                                               www.ntskeptics.org              July 1994


  In this month's issue:
          Open forum
          Skeptical cogitations
          Healthy skepticsim
          The third eye
          Up a tree


  Skeptical news and views
  OPEN FORUM This column is the "readers' forum" open to any and all! Each piece will be individually signed using
  the format displayed below for the reader's convenience. Please send your items to the Editor by the 15th of each month
  for inclusion in the next month's issue.


                                                                            ...
  NTS MEETS MENSA (AND VICE-VERSA)

  As some of you know, NTS did a presentation on rational skepticism for the DFW area Mensa group at their most
  recent general meeting. The attendees all seemed to be very friendly and interested so my initial concerns about "getting
  in over my head" quickly dissipated and it was an enjoyable evening.

  Much of the discussion was about what rational skeptics are and what they are not. Since those basic questions are
  constantly recurring, the following is a synopsis of the points we presented:

  WHAT RATIONAL SKEPTICISM IS

  Rational skeptics routinely question claims to truth. They demand 1) explicit definitions; 2) consistent logic, and; 3)
  convincing evidence before accepting them as being valid beyond a reasonable doubt. (Those claims are not regarded as
  valid beyond all possible doubt however, since future discoveries may dictate a reevaluation.)

  The philosophy is an essential part of objective scientific inquiry or any other search for an extremely reliable level of
  knowledge. (Virtually all progress has been guided by those willing to question, to reevaluate and to continuously seek
  more valid answers.)

  It is not limited to scientific disciplines, per se. It's a methodology for acquiring knowledge. (While it is essentially the
  same as the "scientific method" which was derived from rational skepticism that methodology can be applied to many


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1994/1994july/july1994.htm[16/01/2023 10:14:17]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  subjects.)

  Rational skepticism tends to produce highly reliable results. It also promotes flexible decisions and value-weighted
  opinions since freedom from certainty is the element that enables us to make valuetype judgments. (Credulity, on the
  other hand, produces dogmatic-type decisions and opinions, unreliable results and is potentially very dangerous.)

  Skepticism cannot endanger real truth. If a contention is valid, even the most demanding questioning should only
  produce additional confirmation. If it's wrong, we gain an opportunity to discover the correct answer. (Either way, we
  come out ahead; sincere questions should be welcomed, not avoided.)

  WHAT RATIONAL SKEPTICS ARE NOT

  There are a number of misconceptions about skeptics. The most common ones seem to be that they are:

  Indecisive - Skeptics are simply realistic. They're aware that their decisions and opinions are typically based on the best
  available information and they proceed accordingly. (In the flying business that's called "having a strong sense for self-
  preservation".)

  Cynical, hyper-critical or "negative" -- Actually skeptics tend to be very open-minded. No ideas are rejected "out of
  hand."

  (Objective questioning is not "criticism" -- and criticism should not be confused with critical thinking.)

  Atheists There is no (known) objective test for a Deity so rational skeptics concede that there's a finite possibility either
  way. (They may have opinions as to the probabilities, however which can, likewise, be either way.)

  Advocates of the paranormal, "fringe" science, etc. Skeptics spend a fair amount of time evaluating such claims, but
  that's simply because there are so many of them. Uncritical acceptance of them can be hazardous so a very critical, but
  fair, evaluation seems to be dictated. Interest in evaluating a subject does not imply one is, in any way, an advocate of it.
  (I've included this one because we get a fair amount of mail from the "fringe" types that seem to feel we might help with
  their "crusades." Sorry y'all got a wrong number!)

  Note: I realize the above may be "old hat" for many of you. If so, I offer it merely as a "handy-dandy" check list for your
  convenience. At the same time, I've noted that many of our readers are still not QUITE sure what rational skepticism (or
  NTS) is all about so I decided to "go for it."
  — JV


                                                                            ...
  ASTONISHING PSI-MISSING

  You'd think that the psychics making their January predictions of the year would be paying more attention, wouldn't
  you? I mean, who have been better candidates for timely death than Ezra Taft Benson, the late Prophet of the Mormon
  Church, and Rabbi Schneerson, the also recently-departed leader of the Jewish ultra-orthodox Lubavitcher sect? Both
  men were in their 90s and known to be in poor health, after all. But did any of our psychic prestidigitators foresee the
  death of these men? It would also have been a fair bet to say that many in the Lubavitcher camp would deny that their
  Messiah was actually dead yet none of those who claim to be tuned in to future vibrations ventured that prediction
  either, it seems. I can understand the absence of any psychic visions of, say, the O.J. Simpson matter, or former
  President Jimmy Carter's running off to North Korea to save the world from the brink of nuclear destruction. But failing
  to "predict" the deaths of people in their 90s? How pathetic!
  —TG


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1994/1994july/july1994.htm[16/01/2023 10:14:17]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


                                                                            ...
  PSEUDOSCIENCE ON NETWORK TV

  NBC appears ready to challenge CBS's lead in airing pseudoscience on network television with their July 5th broadcast
  of CURED! Secrets of Alternative Healing, a two-hour showcase of pro-quackery gibberish hosted by that eminent
  health authority, Olympia Dukakis. The same network that admitted to rigging exploding gas tanks on GM pickups to
  further an investigative report has done their stockholders, viewers and advertisers a great disservice by besmirching
  what is left of NBC's good name with the largely fact-free CURED! schlock-u-drama.

  When television producers are faced with filling two hours on a subject devoid of objective, scientific evidence in favor
  of their proposition, they resort to the tactic of creating the appearance of fact with dramatized, anonymous anecdotes.
  Save for an occasional skeptical sentence or two from leading health-fraud experts Dr. Stephen Barrett and Dr. Victor
  Herbert, the CURED! format was to present vignettes of alleged and anonymous cases portrayed by actors, where, you
  guessed it, "conventional" medical science utterly failed the patient and they turned to "alternative" medical modalities
  as a last resort. Miraculously, in each of the six cases profiled, including that of a dog named Rocky (!), the buffet of
  pseudoscientific treatments provided stunning positive results and each segment ended with happy, healthy patients with
  sunshine and smiles all around.

  The segment on homeopathy was particularly offensive to rationalists. The vignettes started with scenes from ancient
  Greece purporting to show that Hippocrates "invented" the homeopathic process of "like cures like," later "re-
  discovered" by medical illustrator C. F. Samuel Hahnemann in the early 1800s. The show repeatedly used the term
  "Law of Similars" as if it is a demonstrable and well-accepted point of scientific fact when it is nothing more than a
  catch-phrase invented by homeopaths to try to attach the language of science to their anti-science alchemy. The very
  term "re-discovered" makes the viewer think that homeopathy has an objective scientific foundation of some sort, when
  in fact homeopaths have yet to provide a suitable explanation of how their potions could conceivably have any effect
  given the immutable laws of physics that work against their vanishingly dilute concoctions. Homeopathy was touted as
  a mainstream medical practice in France, Britain and India worthy of emulating here in the U.S.; the viewer is left to
  wonder why the health care practices of any of those countries should be adopted in place of the United States'
  preeminent system of scientific medicine.

  Homeopathy, herbalism, acupuncture, guided imagery, and other dubious and fraudulent treatments were profiled, each
  depicted in the vignettes and narration as wondrous breakthroughs only now being "re-discovered" by Western
  practitioners. In Rocky's case, the pet's owners were interviewed at length by the homeopathic veterinarian before he
  decided on a dilution of belladonna in tablet form to treat the dog's herniated disc. The show went on to say that this
  case helps to "prove" the efficacy of the homeopathic pseudoscience, since animals are presumed to be immune from
  the placebo effect. Another segment showed a woman accepting medical advice from a cruise ship's cabin steward for
  treatment of her bleeding fibroids with a cayenne pepper mixture! The ship's medical doctor was portrayed as a well-
  meaning but ineffectual chap who could offer the woman nothing.

  Throughout the show, commentary and innuendo by the narrator and by host Dukakis intimated that all these forms of
  pseudoscience are effective and proven the world over, except that here in the U.S. they face blind opposition by the
  big, bad modern scientific medical establishment. Additional clips in the show used the nonsensical approach of asking
  lay people in street interviews what their impressions of various alternative medical scams were, and how effective they
  considered each. What any of that had to do with the substance of the issue at hand is known only to the producer, for it
  served no purpose toward an intelligent examination of the question.

  NBC will claim that they are off the hook for this egregious dissemination of virtually unchallenged hokum by virtue of
  the disclaimer shown for 10 seconds at the start of the 120-minute program. The production company, Coast to Coast,
  also offered to sell the credulous copies of the program on videotape via an 800-number for $20, enriching themselves
  and spreading the nonsense even further. Shame on NBC.
  — M.S.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1994/1994july/july1994.htm[16/01/2023 10:14:17]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  SN&V Contributors this month: J.V. - Joe Voelkering; T.G. - Tim Gorski, M.D.; M.S. - Mike Sullivan


  Skeptical cogitations
  I believe that much 'knowledge' is indeed merely 'memory,' and that this is why so many misconceptions persist for such
  a long time. ... Because so many people are so thoroughly schooled in the common misconceptions, however, only the
  most brilliantly skeptical of them will ever discover a mistake. And even then, it will likely be denied for generations to
  come.
  — Marilyn vos Savant

  A skeptic is one who is willing to question any claim to truth, asking for clarity in definition, consistency in logic, and
  adequacy of evidence. The use of skepticism is thus an essential part of objective scientific inquiry and the search for
  reliable knowledge.
  — Paul Kurtz

  Science ... looks skeptically at all claims to knowledge, old and new. It teaches not blind obedience to those in authority
  but to vigorous debate, and in many respects that's the secret of its success.
  — Carl Sagan

  An optimist thinks the glass is half full; a pessimist thinks it is half empty; a rational skeptic wonders if it is simply
  double the required capacity.

  Evaluate the other possibilities.
  — Jay von Glieker

  [Back to top]


  Healthy Skepticism
  By Tim Gorski, M.D.

  By Tim Gorski, M.D.
  Bio-Tech Innovations Unfairly Attacked
  The Luddites were disgruntled British factory workers who between 1811 and 1816 burned factories and destroyed
  newly-installed labor-saving equipment. But at least the Luddites could credibly claim that they were trying to keep
  from being replaced by machines. It's a bit harder to understand the fierce opposition of professional agitators like
  Jeremy Rifkin and their followers to the innovations in biotechnology now becoming available.

  One of these is Calgene's "Flavr Savr" tomato, which stays fresh longer and can therefore be left to ripen on the vine
  instead of being picked green. No chemical agents or exotic additives are required to achieve this feat, either; the
  genetically-engineered tomato simply carries an anti-sense gene for the gene that codes for an enzyme involved in the
  softening breakdown of the tomato's fruit.

  Think about it: a tomato plant would have a hard time perpetuating itself if it remained red, ripe, and firm. The softening
  and eventual physical disruption of the fruit (Yes, yes, it's a "vegetable," but technically speaking the edible portion of
  the tomato plant is a fruit.) is what facilitates the escape and dispersal of its seeds. It also facilitates ingestion by
  foraging animals, with the seeds passing through their digestive tracts and being further dispersed in this way.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1994/1994july/july1994.htm[16/01/2023 10:14:17]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  This natural softening process occurs because the tomato produces an enzyme that causes it. And, like all proteins, this
  enzyme is produced from RNA which is transcribed from the tomato's genetic endowment of DNA. The Flavr Savr
  tomato contains an antisense gene for this enzyme. What this means is that, while the gene for the enzyme produces an
  RNA molecule which reads, say, ...AUGTAGTU..., the antisense gene produces an RNA molecule which reads
  ...TGUATUAG... This sequence of base pairs is complementary (i.e., A for Adenine base-pairs with T for Thymine, and
  G for Guanine base-pairs with U for Uracil and vice-versa) to the RNA message for the enzyme, and therefore
  specifically binds with it just as complementary strands of DNA form a stable double helix. But an RNA message which
  is bound up with an antisense strand of RNA is one which cannot be translated into the enzyme in question, which is
  consequently produced in much lower amounts, and with the expected and desired results.

  The only difference between the Flavr Savr tomato, therefore, and the still-ripe "garden variety" is that the former has
  an extra stretch of DNA and a bunch of messenger RNA strands bound to their complementary opposites. When you eat
  it, the extra bits of DNA and RNA are degraded into the same constituents as any other DNA or RNA. Indeed, while
  some plants, including the tomato in its green parts, are known to contain deadly substances which may be alkaloids or
  other small molecules, and even proteins, nobody has yet been able to link any sort of toxicity whatsoever to a piece of
  ingested DNA or RNA. With the exception of viral particles containing such nucleic acids, which are vastly more
  complicated and invariably protected by protein coats of different kinds, DNA and RNA are completely nontoxic when
  eaten.

  The Flavr Savr tomato is not spoilage-proof. Some of the enzyme in question is inevitably produced because the
  binding of its RNA messenger is not complete. Therefore it's reasonable to assume that the antisense RNA is also
  translated into small amounts of a protein. But while the amino acid sequence of this protein is determined by the
  sequence of base pairs in the RNA transcribed from the antisense gene, there will be no particular "sense" to the protein
  itself. The three-nucleotide groups that correspond to the various amino acids are redundant (there being only 20 amino
  acids and 64 combinations of nucleotides) and follow no discernible rules. There is no reason to suppose that the small
  amounts of protein made from the anti-sense gene would not be harmless, therefore, or that it would not be quickly
  degraded into amino acids like other proteins once ingested.

  The impact of the Flavr Savr tomato, therefore, is that better-tasting tomatoes will be available to consumers. Fewer
  tomatoes will be lost due to damage and spoilage. In a word: progress.

  Just as stupid, by the way, is the token opposition, reported in the media as if it were serious, to the newly available
  Bovine somatomammotropin, or BST. BST is an injectable hormone which, when given to cows, increases milk
  production. It's not a steroid hormone, though; it's not even synthetic. Small amounts of BST are found in milk
  naturally. But, because it's a protein hormone that's rapidly degraded into amino acids by the digestive system, it poses
  no hazard to humans.

  In fact, the only material objection that the modern-day Luddites have been able to muster against BST is that cows with
  greater milk production may be more susceptible to infections of the udder, or mastitis. (The same is true of humans:
  most cases of mastitis are in breastfeeding mothers.) These cows will then be given antibiotics, goes the argument,
  which will find their way into the nation's milk supply. This, despite the fact that milk from any cows receiving
  antibiotics is supposed to be discarded. (Whereas, in humans, curiously enough, the usual recommendation for women
  with mastitis who are placed on antibiotics is to continue breastfeeding.)

  Thus, there are no credible objections to the use of BST that would not apply just as well to the time-honored methods
  of breeding dairy cattle for greater milk production. It's a bio-technological shortcut, the result of which is more milk for
  less feed and, we might reasonably expect, at lower cost.

  This information is provided by the D/FW Council Against Health Fraud. For more information, or to report suspected
  health fraud, please contact the Council at Box 202577, Arlington, TX 76006, or call metro 817-792-2000. Dr. Gorski is
  a practicing physician, chairman of the D/FW Council Against Health Fraud and a North Texas Skeptics Technical
  Advisor.

  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1994/1994july/july1994.htm[16/01/2023 10:14:17]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The third eye
  By Pat Reeder

  It's summer in Texas, and the heat is on. The heat is also on proponents of "recovered memories," only it ain't hot
  enough yet. Here's the scoop ...

  During its annual convention in Chicago, the American Medical Association issued a new policy statement on recovered
  memories. The statement read, "Few cases in which adults make accusations of childhood sexual abuse based on
  recovered memories can be proved or disproved. It is not yet known how to distinguish true memories from imagined
  events in these cases." They went on to urge therapists to address the mental and emotional needs of patients without
  dwelling on the truth or falsity of their "recovered" abuse memories.

  Well, that's something, but it's not enough for many AMA members. They believe that the organization did not come
  down hard enough on recovered memories. Richard J. Ofshe, a social psychologist from U.C. - Berkeley, was typical of
  those who felt the AMA's stand was too weak. He said, "The recovered memory epidemic is the psychological-
  psychiatric quackery of the 20th century," but he believes the AMA and American Psychiatric Association have
  difficulty saying so because too many of their members have used the technique and would be risking their careers if
  their mistakes were exposed (just last month, a Napa, California, jury awarded what I consider a paltry $500,000 to the
  father of a therapy patient whose questionable "recovered memories" of child abuse cost Dad his job, his family and his
  reputation).

  Come on, AMA, you can do better than this! Your first duty should be to tell the truth, not to protect members who
  would profit by avoiding it.

  Just remember, guys: If it ducks like a quack, it's a quack.


                                                                            ...
  It's so damn hot in Texas, let's circle the globe and see if there's any cool news out there ...

  Reuters news service brings us several stories which remind us why there'll always be an England. First of all, London
  recently hosted Britain's first Convention of the Bizarre (not counting soccer games, sessions of Parliament or royal
  family reunions). About 1,000 people, believers and skeptics alike, turned out for the event, which was sponsored by
  The Fortean Times, the journal of strange phenomena. The usual topics were covered: alien abductions, links between
  UFOs and ancient archeological sites, and SHC, or spontaneous human combustion (sort of like what happened to O.J.
  Simpson).

  The most interesting aspect of the story was the rundown of the merchandise for sale in the stalls. For instance, you
  could buy a video called "UFO Secrets Of The Third Reich" for $20, a T-shirt that glows red in the presence of
  extraterrestrials for $17 (it's probably just a plain red T-shirt, but I bet it sells big to paranoids), and my favorite item, the
  $15 "Alien Defense Kit." If it keeps you from becoming an alien abductee, then I assume it contains a gun with which to
  shoot your hypnotherapist.

  Unfortunately, at least 12 Britons could not attend the convention because they had jury duty, but they turned it into
  their own little convention of the bizarre. This jury found one Stephen Young guilty of murdering a honeymooning
  couple, but Young's attorney asked for an appeal, after he was anonymously informed that the jury arrived at their
  verdict by consulting a Ouija board. Three of the jurors allegedly contacted the dead groom, and he fingered Young as
  his killer, despite the handicap of no longer, technically, having fingers. I don't know who tipped off the lawyer ...
  maybe his Magic 8-Ball.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1994/1994july/july1994.htm[16/01/2023 10:14:17]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  Also, after a rash of Satanic abuse claims (helped along by "recovered memories"), the British government conducted a
  lengthy and expensive investigation ... and discovered no evidence whatsoever that any of the claims were true. This
  naturally caused the pro-Satanic ritual forces to cry foul and accuse the government of a cover-up. For proof, they might
  consider the case of rock singer Bob Geldof, former leader of the Boomtown Rats and organizer of the Live Aid
  concert, whose garden was vandalized recently. The gardener found evidence of something having been burned there,
  and the word "Satan" spelled out on the grass with masking tape. Geldof was not home at the time, so don't blame him.
  Frankly, I think it was just a disgruntled fan, burning Bob's last solo CD and registering his displeasure that the Rats
  broke up.

  Jetting eastward, we arrive in Iran, where soccer fans were allowed to watch World Cup games on TV for the first time
  since the 1979 Islamic revolution. But viewers were baffled when the cameras cut away from the players, who were
  suffering through a sweltering day in Chicago, to show the spectators, all covered from head-to-toe in overcoats and
  woolly hats. Turns out the Iranian government was splicing in crowd scenes from a winter game in order to protect
  viewers from the un-Islamic sight of women in revealing clothes, such as shorts and T-shirts. This proves once again
  that what keeps America a great and free nation is our right to bare arms!

  Our final stop: Japan, land of the rising lunch. If you wonder why George Bush chucked upward while in Tokyo, then
  you probably haven't been keeping up with recent Japanese food fads. Health food advocates have been gobbling
  everything from shiitake mushrooms to (brace yourself) tuna fish eyeballs ("Here's looking at you!" I imagine them
  saying before each bite).

  AP reports that the latest rage is a canned vegetable soup made with a fibrous root called burdock. The soup was
  invented and marketed by best-selling diet author and health guru Kazu Tateishi, who claimed that eating it could cure
  cancer and diabetes, lower blood pressure, and fix up a hangover. He says the soup made his bones so strong, he once
  let someone run him over with a four-ton truck and came away with nothing but a few tire marks. Just since April, he
  has sold over 800,000 cans of the soup at more than $2 per can, and personal consultations cost up to $180 each. Scads
  of Japanese, including the Prime Minister, swear by his soup. So what's the problem? There are two ...

      1. Doctors at Kumamoto University's School of Medicine declared Tateishi's claims for his soup to be "insane."
      2. The Asahi magazine discovered that Tateishi is not a doctor, as he claimed, but a cab driver. This could explain
         why being hit by a truck didn't faze him.

  Tateishi is currently in jail, charged with illegally practicing medicine. In the meantime, his loyal followers continue to
  insist that the soup has cured them of all sorts of ailments. I would like to suggest an appropriate name for this cult:
  "Chowderheads."


                                                                            ...
  Well, it's still too hot to get all worked up over any one subject, so let's close out with a couple of quick items, then all
  go in for lemonade, shall we? ...

  The Environmental Protection Agency will not let San Diego clean up the river separating the city from Tijuana, even
  though it is polluted with raw sewage. The reason: the cleanup might disturb the "sewage-based ecology." That is to say,
  the slimy organisms which thrive in raw sewage are now protected species. Congress must have extended them
  protection as a professional courtesy. All I can say is, anyone who thinks that mold and bacteria are endangered species
  should take a peek at the grout in my shower.

  On June 15th, Jay Leno took his Tonight Show cameras to a local UFO convention for some utterly hilarious deadpan
  interviews. We skeptics are often accused of not being open-minded when we suggest that at least some UFO
  proponents are ... how can I put this gently? ... NUTS! Well, as Jay showed the world, calling them "nuts" is redundant,
  because some of them might as well have a blinking neon sign hanging around their necks, reading, "Hi! I am NUTS!"

  From the guy who insisted he's visited every planet in the solar system (but looked like he couldn't find Los Angeles on


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1994/1994july/july1994.htm[16/01/2023 10:14:17]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  a map) to the hollow-eyed guy who said that none of his vital information would be reported because all the reporters at
  the convention were really CIA plants sent there to suppress it (he included Jay Leno in his spook count), these people
  were such transparent loonies, the more serious UFO researchers must've been cringing to watch them. Personally, I
  laughed until I lost all track of time!

  Speaking of unintentional comedy, the Fox Network recently premiered their latest paranormal embarrassment,
  Encounters. The first episode on UFO abductions and crop circles (is ANYBODY still baffled by crop circles?!)
  featured some interviewees who made Leno's pals look sane, combined with some wildly twisted statistics ("as many as
  five million Americans believe they have been abducted by UFOs!"). But I cannot hope to improve on the eloquence of
  Ft. Worth Star-Telegram critic Steve Smith. To quote: "Perhaps the worst series to premiere on network television since
  Fox's own Good Grief, which cast Howie Mandel as a zany, slapstick undertaker ... Nothing presented here is quite as
  inexplicable as how some highly paid network executive embraced this mess ... An irresponsible waste of good
  electricity." I should also quote Lisa Simpson of The Simpsons: "The Fox Network has sunk to a new low."

  Speaking of twisting statistics to advance an agenda, check out Christina Hoff Sommers' new book, Who Stole
  Feminism? or read the lengthy excerpt in the June 27th National Review. Sommers recounts some of the most alarming
  and alarmist claims made by feminists and shows that they are not only completely false, but should never have been
  accepted at all by anyone with an ounce of rational thinking ability. For instance: Gloria Steinem, Naomi Wolf, and
  other feminist authors have trumpeted the claim that "150,000 females die of anorexia nervosa in the U.S. each year"
  (Ms Wolf says they were "starved not by nature but by men" ... certainly, they were not starved by themselves!). That is
  more than three times the total annual number of U.S. fatalities of both sexes from car wrecks!

  In fact, according to the National Center for Health Statistics, the number of deaths from anorexia nervosa in 1991 was
  54. The 150,000 number was an estimate of the number of sufferers of the disease. Yet the erroneous death figure has
  been repeated in numerous feminist writings, quoted in Ann Landers' column, and now appears in a women's studies
  college textbook ironically called The Knowledge Explosion.

  Prof. Sommers does a great job of ferreting out phony statistics ("Domestic violence causes more birth defects than all
  other causes combined! Wife-beating increases 40% on Super Bowl Sunday!" ... both claims are utterly bogus), and
  tracing them back to their source. She then notes that despite the obvious ridiculousness of these claims, the media
  eagerly accepted and repeated them without question. This brings her to ask the pertinent question, "Where were the
  skeptics?"

  Sitting here in front of a fan, keeping cool, asking embarrassing questions, and refusing to swallow anything ... except
  my lemonade.

  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1994/1994july/july1994.htm[16/01/2023 10:14:17]
