{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T05:39:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 53138, "source_ctime_ns": 1790399968838585368, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-02-No-03---1988.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790399968836404252, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-02-No-03---1988.pdf", "source_sha256": "c976ce6e62fce0e7f10b1ee16dba71b56d13a261da3f6010043fe911e779a3ec"}

The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 2 Number 3                     www.ntskeptics.org                              July/August 1988


  In this month's issue:
          NTS News and Events
          NTS Attitude Problem
          Meeting Schedule
          May Meeting Focuses an Cults
          Psychic Predicts Own Death
          Light Years
          Influence
          Handwriting Analysis
          A Visit to the Institute for Creation Research


  NTS News and Events
  The. past two months have been good for media exposure. Articles about NTS have appeared in the May 23 Dallas
  Times Herald and the June 20 Dallas Morning News. On June 1, Chair John Thomas appeared on Robin Engel's
  interview show on Irving Cable. Dr. Arthur Babick and local psychic John Catchings also appeared. Thomas used the
  opportunity to challenge Catchings' claims about psychic powers. It looks as though the recent media coverage will help
  increase our membership substantially.

  Hope Evans addressed our May meeting. Her talk on cults is covered elsewhere in this issue. The June meeting provided
  a break from our usual format when member James Rusk provided an interesting planetarium show an UFO sightings.

  The response to our request for clippings and articles has been good. We have received material as varied as an article
  on transcendental meditation, a bibliography of rationalist literature, and a copy from Marvel Comics showing
  Spiderman debunking a psychic surgeon! Keep up the good work, folks.

  Members have also sent us copies of letters the wrote to news organizations. James Rusk's letter about astrology was
  published in the Times Herald. Dave Greenlee had an excellent piece about the Shroud of Turin in the North Texas
  Catholic. Dr. Tim Gorski sent a lengthy letter constructively criticizing a recent WFAA-TV report on homeopathy.
  Remember that we are engaged in an intellectual battle with unreason, and intellectual battles are fought with ideas.
  Written words carry those ideas to the front.

  WE are organizing a speaker's program. If you would like to participate as a speaker, or if you know of a service club or
  other group that might be interested in having us speak, please. let us know.

  Membership renewals are coming in at a good rate. It looks as if we're going to meet our renewal goals, and may even
  increase our membership as a result of our recent publicity.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988julyaugust/julyaugust1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:39:54]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  John Thomas starts a two-part article an graphology in this issue. Also, two new contributors are included in this issue.
  Eddie Vela has prodded us with a book review, and Rick Neeley has written an article about his trip to the Institute of
  Creation Research. Rick's article was long enough that we had to break it into two parts; in the next issue Rick will tell
  us about his discussion with Dr. John Morris and his discovery that the reputation of Ron Hastings has spread even to
  the hallowed halls of the ICR. If you'd like to contribute to The Skeptic, we're interested in hearing from you.

  The Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal will be holding its 1988 Conference in
  Chicago on Nov. 4, 5 and 6. The conference is titled "The New Age: A Scientific Evaluation." Some NTS members will
  be in attendance; if you're. planning on going, you can count on seeing same familiar faces there

  [Back to top]


  NTS Attitude Problem
  by Tony Dousette

  The Dallas Morning News, on Monday, June 20, had an article on NTS in the 'Today' section. It's a good article,
  providing a fair and balanced discussion of our group. John Catchings, self-proclaimed psychic and member of the
  North Texas Parapsychology Association, ventures the opinion that we skeptics have an attitude problem. In John
  Catchings' words, "These are the negative types. They don't believe in anything but themselves. These are the kinds of
  people who were burning books, saying man couldn't fly, saying the world is flat." This is the same Catchings who, at
  last January's Meta-Psychic Fair, predicted that the ice storm then paralyzing Dallas would be repeated in late February,
  except that it would be much worse. Well, Mr. Catchings' storm seems to have been delayed; maybe we'll see it in
  August?

  And this would seem to be a shining example of the NTS "attitude problem" in action. As skeptics, we want to see
  evidence that is clear, unambiguous, and conclusive before we accept the claims of the paranormal. The evidence so far
  has as much reliability as the NTPA predictions, which are distinguished by their unreliability.

  Skeptics aren't negative types. We are, though, questioning types, and those who make unsubstantiated' claims without
  evidence can easily fall lack on the "negative" accusation as their only defense. And the members of NTS believe in
  much more than just themselves. We have families, religious and political affiliations, and friendships, just as the rest of
  humanity. We are united in valuing truth, and we accept that truth is found through reason and evidence.

  Allegations regarding book burning are especially offensive, as this is an activity associated with totalitarian
  movements. Suffice it to say that Nazis are the classical example of book burners, despite the fact that Adolph Hitler
  accepted astrology. And the followers of Jim Jones were distinguished by their unquestioning acceptance of his cult.
  Would John Catchings notice an attitude problem at Jonestown?

  We accept that humankind can fly. But, as skeptics, we question those who claim they can levitate. We doubt that we'll
  suddenly develop the ability to teleport, even though Barbara Spencer, at the MetaPsychic Fair, suggested the possibility
  that this will be a new variety of psychic functioning to emerge in 1988. Any evidence that John Catchings has will, of
  course, be considered.

  [Back to top]


  Meeting Schedule:
  July 17 - Dr. Arthur Babick speaks on "Researching with Psychics." (This program has been rescheduled from the


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988julyaugust/julyaugust1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:39:54]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  March meeting. ) Dr. Babick is also compiling psychological profiles of psychics and skeptics, in case any of you are.
  interested in being tested.

  August 21 - We will show a videotape of James Randi's investigations of dowsers and psychic surgeons. This film was
  produced during Randi's recent tour of Australia.

  September 18 - Dr. Harold F. Newman of the Food & Drug Administration and the Council Against Health Fraud
  speaks. Newman will show how medical pseudoscience operates, often with tragic results.

  All meetings will be. at 2:00 p.m., Room 101, University Hall, University of Texas at Arlington (corner of Cooper and
  Campus Drive.

  [Back to top]


  May Meeting Focuses an Cults
  by John Thomas

  Hope Evans, from the local chapter of the Cult Awareness Council, spoke at the May meeting. The council states its
  poses as creating public awareness of the harmful effects of destructive cults, sharing information with families who
  may be losing someone to a destructive cult, and offering support to individuals coming out of a destructive cult
  experience.

  The key word here is "destructive." Ms. Evans believes that a reasoned distinction can be made between organizations
  which may be cultic in the general sense of extreme or faddish devotion to a belief or leader, but harmless, and those
  groups which should excite our concern because they systematically use unethical influence to recruit and maintain
  members. Such destructive cults are often religious in nature, such as the Jim Jones People's Temple, but they may also
  be based on pseudoscience theories, such as Scientology, or the Krone employee-training method of recent notoriety. If
  such groups can thrive, it is clearly of interest to skeptics, because it shows that people are not evaluating evidence
  adequately, and that they do not know how to challenge the promoters of unusual claims. If 65 percent of the members
  of the Rashneesh commune in Oregon held advanced degrees, then our educational system has failed us somewhere.

  Ms. Evans cited some popular myths about destructive cults: that there is no such thing as "mind control." that persons
  involved are mentally ill or easily led, or that that these are alternative religions which should be Respected. She
  discussed the techniques of social and psychological pressure usually called mind control. These include deception
  about what is being done to the subject, the creation of a sense of helplessness and confusion, the manipulation of
  experience to elicit new behavior and suppress former behavior, and the creation of a closed, authoritarian system which
  denies the individual freedom of thought. (Those inclined to doubt the existence or efficacy of such techniques might
  want to consult the book "Influence," by Robert B. Cialdini).

  The program drew some questions and discussion from the members. Some felt no distinction could be made between
  Evans' "destructive" cults and any other organized religion. Others disagreed. pointing out that the issue was not
  religious doctrine, but the use of abusive and unethical influence to recruit and maintain members.

  [Back to top]


  Psychic Predicts Own Death
  by Tony Dousette

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988julyaugust/julyaugust1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:39:54]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  Astrological predictions do, on occasion, come true. The following instance involves Gerolamo Cardano (1501-1576),
  who was the first thinker to attempt to develop a rudimentary theory of probability. His brilliance was balanced by a
  superstition that eventually prevailed over reason. Readers should judge for themselves whether this validates astrology
  or whether other forces were at play.

  "Cardano was imbued with a sense of mysticism; his undoing came through a pathological belief in astrology. In a
  publicized event he cast the horoscope of the frail fifteen-year-old Edward VI of England, including specific predictions
  for the fifty-fifth year, third month, and seventeenth day of the monarch's life. Edward was inconsiderate enough to
  expire the following year at the age of sixteen. Undismayed, Cardano then had the temerity to cast the horoscope of
  Jesus Christ, an act not viewed with levity by sixteenth century theologians. Finally, when the self-predicted day of his
  own death arrived with his health showing no signs of faltering, he redeemed his reputation by an act of suicide."

  Richard A. Epstein, The Theory of Gambling and Statistical Logic, Academic Press New York, 1967, page 2.

  [Back to top]


  Light Years
  by Gary Kinder.

  Pocket Books, Simon and Schuster, Inc., N.Y., N.Y., Feb., 1988

  Summary: Swiss farmer Eduard Meier claims a series of contacts with a female alien named Semjase from the Pleides
  constellation during the mid-1970s and early 1980's. Author Kinder recounts interviews with Meier and several people
  who knew Meier during the contacts. The book includes several photos of an alien "beam ship."

  Kinder tells the history of Meier, and his series of contacts with an alien. Meier, unemployed, lived on a small parcel of
  farmland in an aging house with no plumbing and one light bulb. His Greek wife, who attempted suicide several times,
  and his child, who suffers ridicule from other children concerning his father's odd behavior, suffer through more than a
  thousand visitors and curiosity-seekers during Meier's relationship with Semjase.

  Let me get right to the point. Kinder's otherwise meticulous reporting of interviews with Meier and those who knew him
  fails on the level of high-school science. A few examples include:

          Much is made of the circular swirl platters left in meadow grasses where the beamship rested. "The tracks I
          looked at had stems bent over that weren't broken and they never stood up," Kinder quotes an observer.
          "How can that happen?" The observer points out that the grass continues to grow, only parallel to the
          ground.

          Meier answers that the Pleidians "told him that it was the magnetic vortices under the landing pads that
          produce a change in the magnetic orientation of the plant, and the plant grew horizontally in its induced
          field rather than vertically in a normal field."

  The fallacy here is obvious. Plants exhibit some degree of geotropism or phototropism or a combination of both. They
  grow toward light and orient themselves in the gravitational field, not the magnetic field.

          One of the landing sites was allegedly measured for gamma radiation five years after contact. While
          reporting radiation levels in plants ranging from 0.15 to 2.0, the author never gives the units of
          measurement. And he offers no explanation, other than a reference to profound changes in the atomic
          structure of the grass due to an electromagnetic field.

          A sample of alien metal is purportedly analyzed by experts and found to be completely unlike any known to


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988julyaugust/julyaugust1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:39:54]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

          man. However, it disappeared from the lab. Of course.

  Given these explanations, even if one assumes the aliens can do everything Kinder wants us to believe they can do, it
  seems that they aren't very good at explaining it. Perhaps Pleidians, like Earthlings, know how to operate their
  machines, but not how they work.

  Kinder says his strongest evidence is the color photos, of the cereal-bowl-shaped beamship. He quotes expert after
  expert who praise the photos' quality. In fact, Kinder's best photos were blurry, all from the same angle, and devoid of
  any scaling information. Kinder offers no photos of Meier or Semjase. The photos of Meier and his wife and other
  principals in the book, shot in the same locales, are satisfactorily clear and sharp. These kinds of observations are so
  elementary, that I feel silly having to make them.

  In his epilogue, Kinder admits to having seen none of the above-mentioned evidence first-hand, and he describes a
  burnt-out Meier who suffered a serious concussion two years before Kinder met him in 1984. He says that he's "sampled
  only a small portion of Phil Klass and Robert Shaeffer's writings, and finds their work "more convoluted and difficult to
  believe than the sightings themselves."

  -Eddie Vela

  [Back to top]


  Influence
  by Robert B. Cialdini

  William Morrow a Co., 1984.

  Social psychologist Robert R. Cialdini has devoted himself to the study of how human beings get each other to comply
  with their requests. This book summarizes the current state of scientific knowledge about the behaviors of influence and
  compliance. After reading it, you will never hear a TV commercial or sales pitch as you did before.

  Cialdini maintains that humans as well as animals have fixed-action forms of behavior. The appropriate stimulus can
  trigger them into action. Usually these stereotyped behaviors work to our advantage, but the trigger features that activate
  them can be used to dupe us into playing them out at the wrong times, to our detriment. The author devotes at chapter to
  each of six categories of stereotyped behavior which he considers to be the most important in the human repertoire, and
  illustrates each by research findings and vivid examples. These are:

          Reciprocation - the rule that we should try to repay, in kind, what another person has done for us.
          Commitment and consistency - our powerful desire to be (and appear) consistent with what we have already done.
          Social proof - we find out what behavior is correct by looking to see what other people think is correct.
          Liking - the simple but powerful fact that we most prefer to say "yes" to people we know and like.
          Authority - our natural and deep-seated sense or duty to authority, as activated by titles, clothing and trappings.
          Scarcity - the rule that things become more attractive to us when it appears they may soon become unavailable

  The abstract statement of these principles does not do justice to Cialdini I fully-developed presentation. We learn in
  each case Thy the rule works to our advantage in most situations, how it is exploited by those seeking our compliance,
  and "how to say "no" to the many and varied strategies of the influence artists.

  This book is a good complement to the study of what is usually called "critical thinking." In addition to catching logical
  fallacies, or spotting the weak justifications and unstated assumptions in arguments, the skeptical thinker should be
  aware of human vulnerabilities to techniques that bypass rational thinking and go directly to our instincts. "Influence"
  would probably be useful to mental health professionals as well as the lay reader. It has notes, an index and a


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988julyaugust/julyaugust1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:39:54]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  bibliography of research literature.

  John Thomas

  [Back to top]


  Handwriting Analysis
  by John Thomas

  Graphology is said by its practitioners to be he scientific study of handwriting to reveal personality traits and predict
  behavior. I became curious about these claims after reading an article in the "Career Focus" section of the Dallas Times
  Herald. The article. claimed that some 2000 American companies use graphological methods to evaluate prospective
  employees. My only acquaintance with handwriting analysis had been with the graphologists one sees at psychic fairs,
  who seem to be happily nestled between the astrologers and the tarot-card readers. Is graphology a science reliable
  enough to be used in personnel management, or is it only fortune telling? The idea that handwriting, might reflect some
  personality traits is not entirely implausible, but the association of graphology with the demi-monde of the psychic fair
  gave me pause. I decided to look into the scientific validity of the subject and its use, if any, by employers in the Dallas-
  Fort Worth area.

  The belief that handwriting is a sign of the inner personality is very old. The first serious attempt to analyze handwriting
  seems to have been that of Camillo Baldi, an Italian scholar, who published a book on the subject in 1622. As literacy
  spread, handwriting analysis became popular, being practiced as an art form by such literary figures as Goethe, Poe, the
  Brownings and Dickens. The term "graphology" was coined by Jean Hippolyte Michon in 1875. Michon systematized
  handwriting analysis by associating hundreds of graphic signs with specific personality traits.

  Around the turn of the century, the French psychologist Alfred Binet performed several experiments with handwriting
  analysis as a device for testing personality. Binet claimed that handwriting experts could distinguish successful from
  unsuccessful persons with high accuracy. The German school of handwriting analysis, led by Ludwig Klages, developed
  a subjective and esoteric approach to graphology, and apparently never even attempted experimental verification of its
  claims.

  There is today no single theory or method which dominates graphology. The French school concentrated on isolated
  signs as specific indicators Of personality, and the Germans sought to make subjective interpretations based an a total
  impression of a person's handwriting. In 1929 M. N. Bunker founded "graphoanalysis" as a compromise between these
  two extreme positions, and the language and techniques of graphoanalysis seem to be more or less the common
  graphological practice in the United States today. Bunker founded the The International Graphoanalysis Society, which
  now offers an 18-month correspondence course for analysts. The society is based in Chicago and claims 10,000 active
  members. The institute of Graphological Science in Dallas also offers courses and accreditation in graphology, but it is
  not affiliated with the Graphoanalysis Society.

  Even though there is no canonical school of graphology, some discussion of the practice may be helpful. Remember that
  the basic assumption underlying graphology is that handwriting is an expression of the personality; hence, a systematic
  analysis of he way a person forms words and fetters will reveal traits of personality. The graphologists are fond of
  repeating, "handwriting is brain writing."

  Graphologists look for such features as the slant of characters, the size of individual letters, angularity and curvature,
  and such non-graphic features as the pressure of upward and downward strokes. In most systems, the slant of the letters
  is very important. A right slant is generally correlated with extroversion, and a left slant with introversion. The shape of
  the letter "t" seems important to all systems, Bunker's book contains a dictionary of specific signs and their correlates
  with personality, such as "pride: tall d-stems, stems not vertical." Another system (Rosen) defines sixteen factors,
  including graphic factors such as slant, spacing letter size, as well as global features such as "rhythm" and "tempo .

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988julyaugust/julyaugust1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:39:54]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  Sheila Kurtz uses handwriting features such as slant, press and t-formation to create a subject's "graphoprofile," which
  reveals, among other things, his thinking pattern, goal orientation, fear traits, defenses, integrity traits and social traits.
  In general, graphologists prefer handwriting samples that are spontaneous, and not given for the express purpose of
  being analyzed. The prefer a text of some length, written with a tool sensitive to pressure and speed. Graphologists want
  at text with biographical material if possible, and they want to know the age and sex of the writer. The output of the
  analyst is a free-form personality description, perhaps systematized in some way (Kurtz).

  The claims of graphology are bold: "The analyst can, with surprising accuracy, predict what the writer will do and how
  he will react under certain conditions" (Bunker). "... analysis of a handwriting specimen becomes a behavioral indicator
  and a remarkably accurate gauge of the writer's character. Graphology can even foretell a person's future actions and
  future intellectual performance" (Rosen). By focusing attention on [a child's] drawings, you will discover the attitudes
  and reactions responsible for shaping his personality" (Solomon). Some even claim that changing one's handwriting can
  change one's personality (Kurtz). Is graphology really a valid method of assessing personality? Psychological tests
  which attempt to judge personality, as opposed to ability, are notoriously difficult to validate. The difficulty would seem
  even greater when we are talking about such traits as honesty or integrity. It seems only fair to ask, the graphologists to
  come up with some evidence to support their claims.

  Unfortunately for the graphologists, scientific research has found no clear correlation between handwriting behavior and
  basic personality patterns. Although some psychologists believe that the subject is worth further study, the existing
  research is almost uniformly inconclusive or negative. For example, one recent study examined the ability of
  graphologists to predict sales success, in the sense that graphologists' evaluations would concur with supervisor's
  ratings. No evidence of validity was found (Rafaeli and Klimoski). A study for the Netherlands Society of Industrial
  Psychology considered 2250 judgments by graphologists and 6000 by a control group. The Dutch researchers found that
  graphological judgements, far large numbers, were slightly more often correct than incorrect, but they concluded that for
  judging the individual, "…graphology is a diagnostic method of highly questionable and in all probability minimal
  value" (Jansen). Summaries of the research literature can be found in Nevo and Hines. None of the popular graphology
  books I examined cited any validating research. The attitude of the practicing graphologists seems to be represented by
  this quote: Moreover, graphology is a self-validating science. This a that the credibility a the method can be proven
  immediately by the feedback. you get from the graphologist." (Kurtz). This comment gives us a hint why graphology
  seems work for its practitioners their clients.

  Persons who have some experience with graphological analysis are usually positively Impressed. That is they personally
  validate what the graphologist is telling them about them selves. Personal validation gives a powerful subjective
  impression of truth, but unfortunately the impression can be created by methods that have nothing to do with objective
  validity. A character reading containing statements which are vague or general enough to be true about almost anyone
  tends to be accepted as unique by the client. If the reader has real information about the. client from other sources as
  graphologists usually do, he can tailor his stock reading to more accurately fit the client's case, thus increasing the
  subjective feeling of validity. A handwriting sample with autobiographical material is obviously helpful to the analyst,
  as is the age and sex of the subject, or the job he is applying for. The article by Hyman describes the process of
  character reading in more detail. A corporate user of graphological judgments may be in no better position to evaluate
  their reliability. How does the employer really know that the persons rejected an graphological advice were likely to be
  incompetent or dishonest? The personnel officer may get a sense of personal validation simply because the graphologist
  can prepare a character sketch that sounds rich and credible.

  In summary, then, it seems that graphology as currently practiced is a typical pseudoscience and has no place in
  character assessment or employment practice. There is no good scientific evidence to justify its use, and the,
  graphologists do not seem about to came up with any. In the next issue we will investigate the use, if any, of graphology
  by employers in the area, and consider some of the legal issues raised by the use of pseudoscientific employment tests.

  Bibliography

  Bunker, M. N. (1959). The Science and Art of Reading Character by Grapho Analysis.
  Nelson-Hall Co.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988julyaugust/julyaugust1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:39:54]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  Hines, Terence (1988). Pseudoscience and the Paranormal. Prometheus Books.

  Hyman, Ray (1976-1977). "'Cold Reading': How to Convince Strangers that You Know All About Them." Zetetic, 1
  (No. 2), 18-37.

  Jansen, Abraham (1973). "Validation of Graphological Judgments: An Experimental Study," Mouton Publishing.

  Kurtz, Sheila and Lester, Marilyn (1983). Graphotypes. Crown Publishers.

  Nevo, Baruch, Ed. (1986). Scientific Aspects of Graphology. Charles S. Thomas, Publisher.

  Rafael Anat and Klimoski, Richard J. (1983). "Predicting Sales Success Through Handwriting Analysis: An Evaluation
  of the Effects of Training and Handwriting Sample Content." Journal of Applied Psychology, 68, 212-217.

  Rosen, Billie Pesin (1965). The Science of Handwriting Analysis. Crown Publishers, 1965. Solomon, Shirl (1978).
  Knowing Your Child Through His Handwriting and Drawings. Crown Publishers.

  [Back to top]


  A Visit to the Institute for Creation Research
  by Richard Neeley

  This article is a summary, of my visit to the Institute of Creation Research (ICR) in San Diego and my introduction to
  Dr. John Morris. I am concerned with the erosion of science education and critical thinking skills of the students that I
  come in contact with. Many of these students, as well as the public in general, have a poor knowledge of science and do
  not have the necessary skills to decipher the arguments presented by ICR and other opinions. In this article I hope to
  impart a better understanding on some of the bizarre adventures of "scientific" scholarship proposed by ICR.

  The Institute for Creation Research is an evangelistic, educational ministry. Its aim is to advance their interpretation of
  science and education, and promote creationism in science and scripture. A few of their ministries include: a graduate
  school of creation science, books and audio-visual materials, debates and seminars, a monthly newsletter (Acts and
  Facts), and a museum of creation and earth history. Dr. John Morris is the Assistant Vice President at ICR. He received
  his Ph.D. in. geological engineering from the University of Oklahoma, where he also served four years as Assistant
  Professor of Geological Engineering;. John Morris is the son of Henry M. Morris, Ph.D., the President of ICR.

  I arrived at ICR shortly after noon. The institute occupies a new two-story building, in Santee outside San Diego. I
  asked the receptionist if John Morris would provide a tour. Unfortunately he was out to lunch, but would be back
  shortly. I decided to see the museum without him rather than waiting for his return.

  My first impression of the museum was one of surprise at how small it was (about the size of a large living room), and
  how pathetic the exhibits were. The first exhibit, a little astronomy display, presented three illuminated photographs.
  One showed Saturn's ring, another spiral galaxies, and the third depicted star clusters. The text under the star clusters
  photograph stated that the different speeds the stars in the. cluster provided evidence that the star clusters were breaking
  up They allege other stars in the galaxy have a gravitational pull on the star clusters, therefore the star clusters are
  falling apart so rapidly that they couldn't be billions of years old. I found the caption under the spiral galaxy photograph
  the most interesting. It said that spiral galaxies are assemblies of stars that do not rotate as a rigid body, and that the
  inner regions of spiral galaxies revolve more rapidly than the outer regions. Therefore, they reason that within the time
  span of 200 to 1000 million years the spiral would be wound tight!

  There was also a small exhibit concerning the dust on the moon which described evidence from the Apollo moon
  landings that showed the thickness of the dust an the moon was much too thin to support evidence for a 4.6 billion old


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988julyaugust/julyaugust1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:39:54]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  earth and moon. In 4.6 billion years, by their estimation (actually it's R A. Littleton's estimate) the dust on the moon
  would be 28 miles thick.

  The next exhibit was entitled "Men of Science, Men of God." This exhibit described the time worn idea that since great
  scientists like Galileo, Linneaus, Pasteur, and Mendel believed in God, all God fearing creation scientists of today are
  unquestionably of the same caliber. Since creationists can't find any present day scientists who ascribe to their practices,
  they must search the history books far scholars and scientists and call them creationists. But scientists such as these did
  not have access to the information afforded to scientists today. Alongside this display was a list of Bible believing
  scientists throughout history with their noted scientific contributions.

  I was disappointed to see their Grand Canyon Geology display under revision. It amused me to see how they bastardized
  the geology of the Grand Canyon. The only display they had was a pithy National Geographic Society map of the Grand
  Canyon area, and some color photographs of the canyon beside some sunset photos over an unknown body of water.
  There was no text or explanation of the map or photos.

  The next exhibit was a wooden model of Noah's Ark, along with photos of recent Mt. Ararat expeditions. There were
  also many hand written drawings reproduced by ICR for display by various airline pilots and "eyewitnesses" who
  apparently saw something resembling the Ark embedded in the ice and rock.

  I was intrigued to see a Mt. St. Helens display in progress. I later had the chance to read through ICR's graduate school
  catalog and learned that the May, 1980 eruption of Mt. St. Helens is a major research project involving their graduate
  students. I am currently a graduate student of geology and have just finished course in volcanology at the University of
  Texas at Arlington. I am very interested in what ICR has in mind.

  The title of their next exhibit was "Evidence for Flood Catastrophe." I noticed a display showing car keys embedded in
  sandstone as an example. Nowhere did it say to what extent the sample containing the car keys was lithified or
  cemented. There was nothing describing how and where the sample was found either. The. sandstone. had colorations
  from iron oxide staining. but there is nothing unusual about the iron-bearing minerals, brought in by ground and surface
  waters in an arid environment, oxidizing to form a cement in a relatively short period of time. Another example for their
  flood catastrophe theory was an assemblage of shell material said to have been washed together by the flood. Nothing is
  mentioned to the fact that this occurs very frequently in localized areas on niches and tidal areas where waves and
  currents rework the shell material into these assemblages. One needs only to visit our own Texas gulf coast to see this
  process occurring.

  Other evidence presented for flood catastrophism include a display of iron nails that were supposedly found in Tertiary
  deposits. But what I found to be most interesting was a slab of limestone, displaying a fish impression with a bend in its
  neck. They regard this as evidence for instantaneous burial under flood conditions. Yes, this could be true, but there are
  many things that could cause this condition. We don't need the Deluge to explain fishes with a crick in their neck.

  There was also a display titled, "The Fossil Record - After Its Own Kind." This display presented fossilized remains of
  organisms such as trilobites, ammonites, gastropods, etc., but did not mention any relationship between them. The
  display looked like something you would expect to find for children showing the different types of seashells found at the
  beach. Nothing except the title mentions anything about the fossil record and how they are related with respect to
  "kinds."

  I was disappointed to see that their mantrack exhibit was under revision (thanks to Dr. Hastings and others, no doubt).
  The exhibit was titled "Dinosaurs and Man in Earth History." There was a large wall painting depicting a brontosaur
  next to a man. The display was obviously an important part of their museum at one time. There were photographs that,
  when illuminated, showed people at what appears to be the Paluxy river in Glen Rose, Texas, working to document and
  record "human footprints" beside dinosaur tracks. There was once a four minute movie one could watch by pressing a
  button at the exhibit, now no longer in service. The only footprint at the display was one plaster cast of a tridactyl, no
  plaster casts of 'human" footprints were shown. There was no text to accompany the photographs, or reading. material of
  any kind far the exhibit.

  Interestingly enough there was one plaster cast of a footprint in an exhibit next to the "Dinosaur and Man in Earth

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988julyaugust/julyaugust1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:39:54]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  History" exhibit, but it was in reference to the Laetoli Footprints in Tanzania. The footprints are thought to have been
  made by Australopithecus afrensis but as far as ICR is concerned, they were probably made by their discoverer Mary
  Leakey as she walked through the mud.

  The next exhibit was their "Origin of Mankind Exhibit." This exhibit was their most grandiose display, and a person
  must see this for himself to full appreciate the boneheaded way these people present their "evidence." The are sill
  discussing the Piltdown Man hoax, the Nebraska man tooth claim (they even have a recent pigs tooth at the display), the
  "Dawn Ape," and the Rama Ape. The discovery of Lucy by Dr. Johanson is regarded as simply an ape; and there are
  pictures of modern chimpanzees which thy call Lucy. ICR states that "computer analysis" determined that
  Australopithecus did not walk upright, but rather like a orangutan. They also allege that Dr. Johanson admits that
  "Lucy" is ape from the neck up.

  Another exhibit is titled, "A Case. for Creationism." This exhibit continues the Bombardier Beetle saga and discusses its
  unique chemical defense system with the inhibitor and anti-inhibitor somehow controlling a potentially explosive
  mixture of chemicals. (For a good discussion see CE Journal issues 3 and 5).

  Next Issue: Rick will relate his meeting with Dr. Morris.

  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988julyaugust/julyaugust1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:39:54]
