{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T07:26:57Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 109370, "source_ctime_ns": 1790278834989902473, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-16-No-04---2002.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790278834984494527, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-16-No-04---2002.pdf", "source_sha256": "3053d7bb82b65e3f2fd317d2b0402c25db11fa4993bb0157d99494f8c896cea2"}

The North Texas Skeptic


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 16 Number 4                                              www.ntskeptics.org        April 2002


  In this month's issue:
          Creation-evolution debate
          They just don't get it
          Skeptical Ink


  Creation – evolution debate
  by John Blanton

  Incompetence vs. stupidity

  The problem was that Mike Tyson lost his license to fight, and Evander Holyfield could not stand the company. So the
  Atheist Alliance International Convention asked me to debate local creationist Don Patton for Saturday afternoon
  entertainment. Turned out to be a good substitute.

  Since I have attended Don's MIOS (Metroplex Institute of Origin Science) lectures since 1989, I felt like Einstein's
  mythical chauffeur, who sat through so many talks on relativity he was able to give the lectures himself. On second
  thought, maybe I should have studied for this exam.

  Don is what we in Texas call a Young Earth Creationist (YEC). He is a notable supporter of the Paluxy River man tracks
  claims and has appeared on such forward-looking science documentaries as NBC's Mysterious Origins of Man. We have
  noted this program in past issues.1 Besides Don Patton and fellow YEC Carl Baugh, it also featured Moses. Or maybe it
  was Charlton Heston.

  Since I was playing on home turf I allowed Don to pick the topic. He chose "The fossil record is more compatible with the
  model of creation than the model of evolution." I chose the "not" side of the argument.

  In preparing for a debate a considerable question is the argument your opponent will present. Truthfully, I did not give it
  much thought. I was sure that whatever Don cooked up would be fairly transparent to an audience of skeptical atheists.
  Would he bring up the Paluxy River "man tracks." Nah. God's not that good to me. Would he pull out some long hidden
  fossil evidence the American Museum of Natural History had kept hidden in its basement for 120 years? Nah. God doesn't
  hate me that much. But what would it be? Don stepped to the podium and flashed his first slide. And the truth was
  revealed.

  Yes, Alex. I'll take Out-Of-Context Quotes for $1000.

http://www.ntskeptics.org/2002/2002april/april2002.htm[16/01/2023 08:42:07]
The North Texas Skeptic


  I should have known. This is Don's favorite. I could have kicked myself for sleeping through so many of his lectures.

  Don launched into a long list of statements by real scientists, seeming to put evolution in a bad light. About the only way
  to deal with this tactic is to ask the audience to jot down the quotes and head out to the library immediately after the debate
  and read the full quotes. Actually, a better approach would be to have copies of the full quotes in hand at the start of the
  debate. Did I previously mention incompetence?

  Remember, the argument was whether the fossil record supports evolution or creationism. Don's approach was to show
  that these famous scientist don't think so (and who are we to argue with them?)

  Don is a sterling fellow in one respect. He freely supplies copies of his presentation text. I am a not so sterling fellow in
  one respect. I like to take one of the copies and run down some of the quotes.

  I do not have the many references Don quoted, but the NTS library does contain a number of the resources. Here are two I
  could track down quickly:

  First there is a quote from The Blind Watchmaker by Richard Dawkins:

          And we find many of them already in an advanced state of evolution, the very first time they appear. It is as
          though they were just planted there, without any evolutionary history. Needless to say, this appearance of
          sudden planting has delighted creationists. …the only alternative explanation of the sudden appearance of so
          many complex animal types in the Cambrian era is divine creation…

  I will now play the full paragraph with Don's quoted text in bold:

          Before we come to the sort of sudden bursts that they had in mind, there are some conceivable meanings of
          'sudden bursts' that they most definitely did not have in mind. These must be cleared out of the way because
          they have been the subject of serious misunderstandings. Eldredge and Gould certainly would agree that some
          very important gaps really are due to imperfections in the fossil record. Very big gaps, too. For example the
          Cambrian strata of rocks, vintage about 600 million years, are the oldest ones in which we find most of the
          major invertebrate groups. And we find many of them already in an advanced state of evolution, the very
          first time they appear. It is as though they were just planted there, without any evolutionary history.
          Needless to say, this appearance of sudden planting has delighted creationists. Evolutionists of all stripes
          believe, however, that this really does represent a very large gap in the fossil record, a gap that is simply due
          to the fact, for some reason, very few fossils have lasted from periods before about 600 million years ago. One
          good reason might be that many of these animals had only soft parts to their bodies: no shells or bones to
          fossilize. If you are a creationist you may think that this is special pleading. My point here is that, when we
          are talking about gaps of this magnitude, there is no difference whatever in the interpretations of
          'punctuationists' and 'gradualists'. Both schools of thought agree that the only alternative explanation of the
          sudden appearance of so many complex animals types in the Cambrian era is divine creation, and both
          would reject this alternative. 2

  Don presented this in the context of explaining that Dawkins, a real scientist, thinks the fossil record does not support
  evolution (so why should creationists or anybody else). I am sure Don had some reason for leaving out Dawkins'
  "Evolutionists of all stripes believe, however, that this really does represent a very large gap in the fossil record, a gap that
  is simply due to the fact, for some reason, very few fossils have lasted from periods before about 600 million years ago." I
  am sure the reader can guess why.

  A lot of Dawkins' original meaning got lost in Don's ellipses (…). At some point an anti-evolutionist somewhere has
  plowed through 318 pages of Dawkins' text supporting evolution against creationism and has picked out this string of text
  to put a lie to the rest of the book. Dawkins should have named the book Why Evolution Is Bad For You and saved the
  creationists a lot of trouble.

  One of Don's better moments was his use of the famous quote by Charles Darwin from his The Origin of Species. Here it
  is:


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2002/2002april/april2002.htm[16/01/2023 08:42:07]
The North Texas Skeptic


          …innumerable transitional forms must have existed but why do we not find them embedded in countless
          numbers in the crust of the earth? …why is not every geological formation and every stratum full of such
          intermediate links? Geology assuredly does not reveal any such finely graduated organic chain, and this
          perhaps is the greatest objection which can be urged against my theory. 3

  Don makes a good point here. He wants to show a serious scientist casting doubt on the fossil record, and here is one.
  Darwin, who along with co-inventor Alfred Russell Wallace developed the theory of natural selection (not evolution–
  surprise!), took a large section of his book to point out the various problems he could see with his theory. The dearth of
  complete fossilized lines of descent is a problem even today for biologists trying to trace the record of life. In Darwin's
  time it was major. There were huge gaps.

  Sort of like the gap in Don's quote. Pass over the ellipsis at the beginning of the quote. I assure you that gap is minor. Skip
  to the second ellipsis. Talk about a gap!

  The first part of the quote is on page 125 of my copy of Origin. Don's quote picks up after the ellipsis on page 234. I love
  it! That's not a typo. That's a 109-page gap, big enough to fit punctuated equilibria inside with room to spare for
  Lamarckism and cold fusion, too.

  Granted, in this use Don has not attempted to paint the wrong picture with this selection of quotes. In Darwin's time the
  fossil record was sparse, and Darwin was stating what was known at the time. However, I will ask that next time he uses
  this Don should make two separate quotes out of it and not make me re-read Darwin's book just to link the quotes. God's
  going to get you for this, Don.

  Enough of OOC quotes. I'm tempted to just give the creationists a dictionary and say "Here. There are over 30,000 words
  inside. Just pick the ones you want."

  In my own argument I must say I took a much more cerebral approach. Think Mike Tyson.

  Since nobody had actually stated a definition of "creation model" (or "evolution model" for that matter), I felt free to do
  so.

  The "creation model," I told listeners, is straight out of the Bible, and it's about as valid (home court advantage,
  remember). Besides pointing out with great fondness the two contradictory stories of creation in Genesis, I noted some
  obvious facts about the Bible:

          Adam and Eve – fictitious
          Noah – a fictitious character with no purpose (no flood to save everybody from)
          Abraham– a mythical figure
          Moses – actually Charlton Heston

  If the Bible is not true, what is? Science is true. Here is what is true:

          The Sun was formed by the collapse of hydrogen (and helium) gas.
          The Earth was formed by accretion of heavy elements from a supernova.
          The Earth is about 4.5 billion years old.
          Life started spontaneously on Earth about 3.8 billion years ago.
          We are all descended from that first life.
          The fossil record reflects this great lineage without contradiction:
                 Fossils of ancient forms in ancient formations
                 Fossils of more modern forms in more recent formations
          Biochemistry reinforces this lineage without contradiction:
                 Analysis of DNA
                 Protein sequences

  I had twenty minutes to make my presentation, so I naturally brought along about two hours worth of stuff. Most of that I


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2002/2002april/april2002.htm[16/01/2023 08:42:07]
The North Texas Skeptic

  had to just flip through without explaining in great detail. I presented a lot of material that had nothing to do with the fossil
  record, just geology. This is not an accepted debating practice, but I wanted to talk about this stuff anyhow. I felt I had
  nothing to lose. Did I mention home court advantage?

  What I did have fun with was whale evolution. A few years ago someone on the Skeptics List turned me on to Carl
  Zimmer's wonderful book At the Water's Edge. It's a book about recent work detailing the evolution of whales and other
  seagoing creatures from their land lubber ancestors.

  Creationists have long had trouble with this concept, because whales were supposed to have been created once and for all
  in the water. However, they exhibit many features that seem to point to shore. The literature of the creation/evolution
  controversy is steep with the creationists' arguments against this premise. Here is what the notable creationist Duane Gish
  had to say about the matter:

          There simply are no transitional forms in the fossil record between the marine mammals and their supposed
          land mammal ancestors . . . It is quite entertaining, starting with cows, pigs, or buffaloes, to attempt to
          visualize what the intermediates may have looked life. Starting with a cow, one could even imagine one line
          of descent which prematurely became extinct, due to what might be called an "udder failure." 4

  The problem is, as Zimmer points out, while the creationists continue to make their arguments, the scientists continue to
  dig up new fossils. And the gaps continue to close.

  That was then. Since the publication of Zimmer's book four years ago the situation has only gotten worse for the
  creationists. More fossils have been found, and additional studies based on biochemistry show a strengthening link to land
  based ungulates.

  Turning to the fossil record for possibly the first time in my presentation, I showed prominent fossils along the line of
  descent from land based artiodactyl ungulates, hoofed animals with an even number of toes. These included:

          Sinonyx
          Pakicetus
          Ambulocetus
          Rodhocetus
          Basilosaurus
          Dorudon

  Quoting from the Talk Origins FAQ:

          We start with Sinonyx, a wolf-sized mesonychid (a primitive ungulate from the order Condylarthra, which
          gave rise to artiodactyls, perissodactyls, proboscideans, and so on) from the late Paleocene, about 60 million
          years ago. The characters that link Sinonyx to the whales, thus indicating that they are relatives, include an
          elongated muzzle, an enlarged jugular foramen, and a short basicranium…5

  I have used Figure 1 from the Talk Origins FAQ to illustrate Sinonyx. Following illustrations of the other intermediates I
  got down to Dorudon, shown in Figure 2. Here I had some fun.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2002/2002april/april2002.htm[16/01/2023 08:42:07]
The North Texas Skeptic


  Figure 1. Reconstruction of the skull of Sinonyx jiashanensis
  (redrawn for RNCSE by Janet Dreyer).
  From http://talkorigins.org/features/whales


  Figure 2.  reconstruction of the skeleton of Dorudon atrox
  (redrawn for RNCSE by Janet Dreyer).
  From http://talkorigins.org/features/whales/

  What's that under the tail of Durodon? Those are feet bones. Bones not attached to the rest of the skeleton and certainly not
  used for walking or swimming or anything else. These are feet bones left over from Dorudon's Sinonyx ancestor. If whales
  were created as sea creatures, why were they created with feet?

  I'm going to tell the story a little out of sequence here, because I want to get to Don's response. Don reminded the audience
  that some reputable scientists do not consider these bones as vestigial, because they serve a useful purpose. They are used
  to anchor muscles in the whales.

  Now Durodons are not modern whales, having first appeared about 40 millions years ago. But modern whales do have the
  feet bones, sometimes. So I had to ask, very loudly and at great length and with great relish "If the bones are there to
  anchor muscles, then why do they look like feet?"

  Don's shining moment, though, was in response to an accusation I made. Having endured nearly twenty minutes of his
  presentation of out-of-context quotes I spent a lot of my rebuttal time berating him for this tactic. I reminded the audience
  that once, actually about ten years ago, Jeff Umbarger and I reconstructed some of Don's OOC quotes. In one case we
  showed where he had taken three widely separated phrases from a real scientist's work and had put them down out of
  sequence to make his point.

  Sharper than I expected, Don came back when it was his turn again, showing the audience an excerpt of the article Jeff and
  I published back in 1992 (which I had stupidly neglected to bring with me). Don mentioned that Jeff and I falsely accused
  him of saying something he did not.

  Don has graciously sent me the mini slide presentation he used to make this point along with a kind note, which I will
  reprint here:


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2002/2002april/april2002.htm[16/01/2023 08:42:07]
The North Texas Skeptic


          My point was:

          Your claim that I was trying to say that those I quoted really agreed with the creationists position, is absurd. I
          emphasized over and over that they were devout evolutionists acknowledging facts contrary to their own
          interest. The fact that they are devout evolutionists makes the embarrassing facts they acknowledge even more
          believable. Therefore I want people to know that those acknowledging these embarrassing facts are devout
          evolutionists.

          Your claim that I was really trying to leave the impression that Stephen Gould was a creationist, is mind-
          boggling. It ought to be embarrassing.

  "Sincerely…"

  Thanks, Don. I promise to be embarrassed in the future. Actually, I am a little embarrassed right now. The presentation
  text Don sent me does not seem to match what Jeff and I published regarding the quotes of the respected scientist in
  question – William D. Stansfield. Besides, where did Stephen Jay Gould come in here?

  I'm taking this off line and putting the issue of the quotes in a side bar so readers can get back to the main story line.

  Bullfrog

  Don't get the idea Don used nothing but OOC quotes. During his rebuttal session he got to poo-pooing some of my
  statements that DNA similarities and comparisons of protein sequences reinforce the inferences of the fossil record. In the
  past creationists have laid out what they think are contradictions to these conclusions, and Don mentioned some of them.
  Then I was suddenly awake. He started reeling off a list of contradictions, and a bell went off in my head. The following
  chart is that bell:
          Molecule                                  Nearest Relative to Humans
          Fetal Hemoglobin                          Horse
          Tear Enzymes                              Chicken
          Albumin                                   Bullfrog
          Blood Antigen A                           Butter bean
          Cholesterol Level                         Garter snake
          Milk Chemistry                            Donkey


  The chart is from The Bullfrog Affair, subtitled The Enchanted Prince Croaks by David C. Wise. As Wise tells it:

          "Creation scientists" try to counter this body of biochemical evidence by claiming that certain protein
          comparisons actually show humans to be more closely related to vastly different organisms (e.g. bullfrogs,
          chickens, rattlesnakes) than to chimpanzees. A classic example is offered by former biologist Gary Parker,
          formerly of the ICR, in his book, Creation: The Facts of Life, in which he lists several molecules that show
          humans to be more closely related to quite different organisms than to apes: 6

  Then Wise shows the aforementioned chart. About twenty years ago Duane Gish got stuck in this tar baby and was called
  down by Dr. Russell Doolittle. It was on a PBS production about creation in the class room. After Gish related these
  supposed contradictions Doolittle responded with "Oh, bullfrog!" Meaning, I guess, something else. That's the apparent
  origin of the "bullfrog" cat call that would sometimes greet Gish when he came to speak at a serious center of higher
  education. You have to read the whole article to get all of the details.

  I didn't have the presence of mind to respond "bullfrog" when it came my turn, but I did wonder loudly when creationists
  were ever going to give up this dead corpse, or words to that effect.

  Finally, Don got to go last. I took the last question, which was from NTS technical advisor, Tim Gorski. Tim is an M.D. in
  medical practice, who also heads up the DFW Council Against Health Fraud. I believe he asked about complexity and
  whether it was reasonable to expect humans to have more chromosomes than "lower" forms of life on the evolutionary
  scale. I noted this is not a requirement of evolution. For example, there is a simple worm out there that has many more
  base pairs in its DNA than people do in theirs, and lots of organisms have more chromosomes than people. Don had


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2002/2002april/april2002.htm[16/01/2023 08:42:07]
The North Texas Skeptic

  mentioned this too.

  I further pointed out that the audience might reasonably ask: "Why is this joker (me), with no formal training in biology,
  geology, paleontology… up here debating a creationists on these very topics?" That, I reminded them, is the wrong
  question. The question they should be asking is: "Why is it so easy?"

  Responding to my response, I guess Don sort of got off track. I was not paying close attention. The debate was over. I was
  sitting in the middle of the auditorium with my back to the audience, going over all my missed opportunities.

  And Don brought up the Paluxy "man tracks."

  It is impolite and completely forbidden to say anything while your opponent is speaking during the debate. I swear I said
  not a word. But my arms shot straight up to the heavens. Yes, God. I do believe in you. My mouth was shut, but my brain
  screamed:

  GOALLLLLLL!!!

  There was polite laughter from the audience. Did I mention the home court advantage?

  [A complete copy of the NTS debate presentation is on our Web site:[ http://www.ntskeptics.org/issues/debate/debate.htm]

  References

  1. The North Texas Skeptic, October 1999. http://www.ntskeptics.org/1999/1999october/october1999.htm
  2. R. Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker, pp. 229-230. 1987, W.W. Norton & Company, New York.
  3. C. Darwin, The Origin of Species in The Origin of Species and the Descent of Man. Random House, New York.
  4. D.T. Gish, Evolution: The Challenge of the Fossil Record, pp 78-79. 1985, Creation-Life Publishers, El Cajon, CA.
    (From the Talk Origins FAQ at http://www.talkorigins.org/features/whales/)
  5. From the Talk Origins FAQ at http://www.talkorigins.org/features/whales/
  6. From David Wise's Web site at http://members.aol.com/dwise1/cre_ev/bullfrog.html

  [Back to top]


  They Just Don't Get It
  In response to being accused of misusing out-of-context quotes, Don Patton produced the following. Slide headings are in
  bold, and I have compressed multiple slides into single sections:

  John Blanton and Jeff Umbarger
  "Where we have been able to crosscheck the citations against the actual text, we have noted that the classic out-of-context
  stunt is being pulled to make it appear that mainstream science supports the MIOS view."

  "Radiometric dating methods, says Don Patton for example, are just about worthless, even according to anti-creationist
  scientists such as William D. Stansfield, author of Science of Evolution."

  Newsletter of the North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 6 Number 5, May 1992

  Actual Patton Handout
  Dr. Stansfield's "Answer:"

  "All the above methods for dating the age of the earth [indicating young], its various strata, and its fossils are
  questionable… A method that appears to have much greater reliability for determining absolute ages of rocks is that of
  radiometric dating."


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2002/2002april/april2002.htm[16/01/2023 08:42:07]
The North Texas Skeptic


  John Blanton and Jeff Umbarger
  "Perhaps it was our mistake but on listening to the MIOS presentation, we felt the speaker was telling us that a
  representative of mainstream science was reporting in a reputable journal that radiometric dating in general and the
  uranium-lead analysis in particular is fraught with such perilous assumptions as to render it completely unreliable."

  Newsletter of the North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 6 Number 5, May 1992

  Don tells me that Jeff and I are accusing him of telling his audience that real scientists are supporting the creationist view.
  To demonstrate we were wrong he has shown the debate audience an excerpt from an Actual Patton Handout reflecting
  Stansfield's true feelings.

  I have a copy of that handout, as well. It is titled Descriptions of Young Earth Evidence by Anti-Creationist, William D.
  Stansfield.

  Dr. Stansfield is introduced as a Professor of Biological Sciences, California Polytechnic State University. Don's handout
  from 1992 contains nine quotes from Stansfield listing arguments that have been used for a young Earth. The quotes are
  titled:

          Water from volcanoes
          Uranium in the oceans
          Helium in the atmosphere
          Meteoric dust in strata
          Meteorites in strata
          Lava in the crust
          Pressure in oil reservoirs
          Human population dynamics
          Radiocarbon in atmosphere

  Following that in the handout Don gives Dr. Stansfield's "answer", shown above. I sometimes don't pick up on things, but
  I and others in attendance that evening (4 February 1992) got the idea that the good Dr. Stansfield acknowledged a vast
  array (OK, nine) of arguments for a young Earth but chose to ignore them in favor of his own pet technique, radiocarbon
  dating.

  Problem

  Actually, Jeff and I did not use any of Stansfield's quotes in the 1992 story. We mentioned the above handout and
  dissected quotes from J.D. Macdougall and Everly Driscoll. About Stansfield we said in the 1992 story:

          Hoping to see just how good the scientific evidence for the age of the earth is, we were told, instead, just how
          bad it is. Furthermore, the evidence presented was not from creationists but from honest-to-goodness, card-
          carrying scientists of the first kind. Really, folks. After taking in Don's complete lecture, we began to wonder
          why scientists even bother with the issue of the age of the earth. None of their methods ever seem to work for
          them. Radiometric dating methods, says Don Patton for example, are just about worthless, even according to
          anti-creationist scientists such as William D. Stansfield, author of Science of Evolution, which Don quoted
          often during his lecture.

  Dr. Stansfield's quote, which we referred to but did not dissect, was under the heading "Clocks" Unreliable… Don's text
  from his handout (1992) goes as follows:

          If we assume that (1) a rock contained no Pb206 when it was formed, (2) all Pb206 now in the rock was
          produced by radioactive decay of U238, (3) the rate of decay has been constant, (4) there has been no
          differential leaching by water of either element, and (5) no U238 has been transported into the rock from
          another source, then we might expect our estimate of age be fairly accurate. Each assumption is a potential
          variable, the magnitude of which can seldom be ascertained. In cases where the daughter product is a gas, as

http://www.ntskeptics.org/2002/2002april/april2002.htm[16/01/2023 08:42:07]
The North Texas Skeptic


          in the decay of potassium (K40) to the gas argon (A40) it is essential that none of the gas escapes from the rock
          over long periods of time.

          It is obvious that radiometric technique (sic) may not be the absolute dating methods that they are claimed to
          be. Age estimates on a given geological stratum by different radiometric methods are often quite different
          (sometimes by hundreds of millions of years). There is no absolutely reliable long-term radiological "clock."

  The quote is from The Science of Evolution, 1977, page 84. If you would like to see the full context of Stansfield's quote
  then check the following URL:

  http://www.theistic-evolution.com/stansfield.html

  I have not consulted with Jeff since the debate, but I will speak for him now. We stand by the full text and meaning of our
  report on Don Patton's use of out-of-context quotes. I am putting the whole business on line for review. Please check it out
  at the following URL:

  http://www.ntskeptics.org/issues/patton/patton.htm

  [Back to top]


  Skeptical Ink
  By Prasad Golla and John Blanton

  Copyright 2002
  Free, non-commercial reuse permitted.


  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/2002/2002april/april2002.htm[16/01/2023 08:42:07]
