{"created_utc": "2026-09-18T14:13:01Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 463219, "source_ctime_ns": 1788522822309487777, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-American-BioFortean-Review---Issue-12.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788522822294534570, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-American-BioFortean-Review---Issue-12.pdf", "source_sha256": "2de50500daa1fcca1dcc2f35b641d0e11d8b859253ef435f721ee13e3530ecc7"}

North American

BioFortean Review


“They are ill discoverers that think there is no land
        when they see nothing but sea.”

                          — Francis Bacon
                        North American BioFortean Review

                                          Volume 5, No. 3, Issue #12
                                                August 2003


                               Editor: Chad Arment, Caa1snake@aol.com

                                                Strangeark.com

Contents:

BioFortean Notes: Science News Letter, 1932-1933

Book Review: The Field Guide to Lake Monsters, Sea Serpents,...

CZ Conversations: Darren Naish on Plesiosaurs, Basilosaurs,
   and Problems with Reconstructions

Gold, Treasure Hunters —@And Bigfoot!
Dr. Dwight G. Smith and Gary S. Mangiacopra

A Sampling of U.K. Mermaid Folklore
Chad Arment

The Legend of the I’iga Yaaga
Debbie Hynes

BioForteana: The Talking Dog
Harry Miles Johnson


From the Past:
A “Wild Cat” in Allentown


                                                 Publication Policy

    All original articles are copyright by their respective authors and may not be reprinted without permission of the
author. This also pertains to material reprinted here with the permission of the author.
    Each issue of the North American BioFortean Review is copyright for format and editorial changes.
    We strive to honor both U.S. and International copyright laws and will not intentionally reprint full texts which
appear to be under copyright in the United States. Any partial usage of copyright material is strictly for the
purposes of criticism, comment, education, and research, as allowed by Title 17 of the United States Code (USC
Title 17 § 107). We will cite these wherever possible.


North American BioFortean Review                                                                              2
                        BioFortean Notes: Science News Letter, 1932-1933

                         Stars in American Flag Came from Bottom of Sea

                Five-Pointed Fossil Stems of English Soil Inspired Stars in Washington Shield
                                     Which Later Entered the New Flag

    Zoology, not astronomy, provided the five-pointed stars in the American flag and coat of arms. They
came not from the heavens above, but from “the waters that are under the earth”; and they lay buried
in rocks for geological ages before men found them and made use of their symmetrical design.

     An exhibit of the ancient zoological basis for the American flag-stars, arranged by Austin H. Clark of
the U. S. National Museum, is an attraction of much interest at the meeting of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science now in session at New Orleans. It shows the coat-of-arms of the
Washington family, bearing the three “mullets,” as the five-pointed star patterns were called in the
language of heraldry. Beside it are shown a number of small white star-shaped bits of a limy substance.
These are found on the surface of the ground in the part of England where the Washington family
originated, as well as in other regions of the earth, and are known locally as “star-stones.” Regarded in
ancient times with superstitious awe, they were incorporated into the armorial bearings of the noble
families on whose lands they were found.

    But “star-stones” are no more stones than they are stars. They are really fossilized pieces of the
stems of crinoids, or sea-lilies, animals belonging to the same great animal group as starfishes but less
familiar to most of us. Mr. Clark, who is the author of a massive monograph on this zoological group,
explains that in remote geological times great beds of these creatures waved on their long stems on
the sea-bottom where now the midland shires of England are. Their matted remains were solidified
into rock, which disintegrated into soil after the British Isles were raised above the sea. The bits of
stem, with their five-pointed markings, were more resistant than the rest of the mass, and remained in
the soil as “star-stones” after everything else had completely crumbled; and here they were seen and
wondered at of men, and finally painted upon the shield of a chief, which later furnished the pattern for
a new flag beyond the seas.

    Mr. Clark draws a moral from this origin of the stars, which, like the ideals of the republic they
represent, is an embodiment of the exaltation of the humble

                                                        — SNL XXI(560): 7, January 2, 1932.


North American BioFortean Review                                                                    3
                           Smithsonian Institution Gets Siamese “Dinosaur”

     A lizard that looks like a dinosaur, and whose eggs are considered gifts fit for a king, is among the
weird “Lost World” creatures recently received from the jungles of Siam by the Smithsonian Institution.
They were sent by Dr. Hugh M. Smith, former chief of the U. S. Bureau of Fisheries, now fishery expert
for the Kingdom of Siam.

    The big lizard, called “hia” in Siamese, is not really a relative of the dinosaurs, but it looks astonishingly
like one. It has a little head at the end of a long neck, and a long, thick tail. It is not at all shy, and
occasionally appears even in the outskirts of Bangkok, the national capital. It is reported to be very
destructive to poultry.

    The collection sent by Dr. Smith includes also a number of interesting snakes. One, known as “ngu
kon kob” or “tail biting snake,” is believed by the Siamese to bite with its mouth in the light of the moon
and with its tail when the moon is dark. These mythical tailbites are reputed to be absolutely deadly.
Another snake is the “ngu seng atit,” or ‘’sun-ray snake,” so called because of its gem-like, glittering
scales. Still another snake is almost pure white, with a few black markings—possibly an albino form of
a common species Then there is the rat snake, which climbs bamboos to catch birds, the peacock
snake, brightly marked and with a flame-red tail, and the fish-snake, which can be caught by baiting a
hook with a whole small fish.

                                                           — SNL XXI(570): 164, March 12, 1932


                           Animal Thought Extinct Has Been Rediscovered

    The Australian rat-kangaroo, lost to science since 1843, has been rediscovered, hale and frisky, in
the sandhill country enclosed by the Diamantina and Cooper’s rivers at the junction of South Australia
and Queensland.

    The scientific periodical Nature has published a letter from H. H. Finlayson, Adelaide University,
saying that since 1843, when Sir George Grey presented three specimens to the British Museum, no
one had been able to trace this peculiar animal to its lair, and it was feared that it had become as dead
as the dodo. But indications are that the rat-kangaroo has had a long and probably uninterrupted
tenure of the semi-desert area where it has been re-discovered. The passing of the drought conditions
has probably helped to increase its numbers.

    The Australian rat-kangaroo is one of the marsupials, animals possessing a pouch in which they
carry the young for a considerable time after birth.

                                                           — SNL XXI(585): 404, June 25, 1932


                             Indian Banshees Were Ikxareyavs and Kitaxrihars

   The ikxareyavs’ll git you ef you don’t watch out! And it will go especially hard with you if they
happen to be kitaxrihars. A snark is bad enough, you know; but if he is also a boojum——

    All of which goes to show how a touch of superstition makes the whole world kin. For the ikxareyavs,
which are sometimes malevolent kitaxrihars, are the hobgoblins, the banshees, the “little people” of
the Karuk Indian mythology. The Karuks are a California tribe, whose customs and beliefs are the
subject of a newly issued publication of the Smithsonian Institution, written by John P. Harrington.

   The ikxareyavs, these Indians told Mr. Harrington, “were the old-time people who were in America
before the Indians came and who turned into animals. plants, rocks, mountains, plots of ground, parts
North American BioFortean Review                                                                           4
of houses, dances and abstractions when the Karuks came, remaining with them only long enough to
state and start all customs.” They disappeared, the Karuks believe, only a few generations ago.

   The wicked kitaxrihars, who sometimes cause strangers to be hurt and must be exorcised by a
special “medicine,” were petrified into particular rocks. There is a group of such evil-doing rocks in the
Karuk territory.

   Ikxareyavs are of especial importance at the time of the Karuk New Year, which comes late in
August.

                                                        — SNL XXII(596): 164, September 10, 1932.


                              Field Museum Gets Horned Gopher Skull

    The Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago has just received a fossil skull more highly prized
than the skull of many a species of giant dinosaur or mammoth would be, although it is only a few
inches long. The fossil is extremely rare, only four or five such skulls being known.

   It is the skull of a horned gopher, a stout little animal about the size of a woodchuck, which
burrowed in the prairies of the West about 7,000,000 years ago, in the late miocene age. The animal
had a pair of sharp-pointed conical horns on its nose, which presumably were useful to it in its tunnellings.

                                                        — SNL XXII(607): 342, November 26, 1932.


                         Rare Butterfly Specimen is Half Male, Half Female

    In the butterflies the two sexes are ordinarily in different individuals which are either wholly male
or wholly female. But as in all other animals in which the sexes are in separate individuals it occasionally
happens that nature makes a mistake and combines both sexes in the same individual.

   Two-sexed individuals among the butterflies are very rare, but a considerable number have been
recorded. In most of these one side is male and the other side is female. Sometimes the sexes are
combined in other ways, for instance parts of the wings sometimes show the male color pattern and
other parts the female. But such combinations are inconspicuous in life so that they are seldom
recognized and caught.


North American BioFortean Review                                                                        5
    The picture below represents one of the common butterflies belonging to the group known as the
skippers, in which the wings of the right side are male and in color mostly bright yellow, and those of
the left side are female and are of a dull olive green. The two sexes are separated by a line down the
middle of the body.

    This individual, enlarged in picture, was captured at Cabin John, Maryland, and is now in the
National Museum.

                                                       — SNL XXIV(638): 3, July 1, 1933.


                            “Demon Frog” Brought To National Museum

    Rock-dwelling frogs of Puerto Rico, dreaded as demons by the natives who, however, have never
seen them, have been brought to the U. S. National Museum here by Gerritt S. Miller, Jr., recently
returned from a West Indian collecting trip.

     The “guajone,” as the frog is called, won his fearsome repute among the Puerto Ricans by his
resounding voice, which echoes and re-echoes from the wild mountain gullies where he lives. Some
of them say he is not a living creature at all, only a voice; others pictured him in fearsome terms as over
a foot long and armed with terrible teeth, when they tried to dissuade Mr. Miller from his quest.

    But the museum scientist persisted, and finally found his guajones in boulder-filled mountain caves
where the going was hard and somewhat dangerous. He located them with the aid of a flashlight, and
dislodged them from their crevice habitats with a twig.

    Once he had them safely bottled they appeared ordinary enough frogs, the biggest of them less
than two inches long. The most distinctive feature about them was their eyes, which he says stuck out
like “mouse-ears.”

   Oddly enough, these frogs dislike the water, and if they fall into it get out as quickly as they can.

                                                       — SNL XXIV(638): 7, July 1, 1933.


North American BioFortean Review                                                                    6
                           Fish That Can’t Float Found in Virginia Stream

    A fish that can’t float and doesn’t want to float lives in the headwaters of the James River in Virginia.

   Specimens of this strange fish, believed to exist only in this one corner of the earth, have been
secured by E. D. Reid, Smithsonian Institution biologist. Previous to Mr. Reid’s collection, this fish has
been taken only three times since its discovery in 1896.

    The little fish, which belongs to the sucker family, has no air bladder and consequently cannot float
like most fishes. It can only sink to the bottom or keep swimming. But this is no crippling handicap for
the little sucker. It had to rid itself of the air bladder, in the course of evolution, or it would have gone
the way of extinct fishes. The mountain streams that pour into the James River are so swift that the little
suckers had to stay at the bottom or be washed away. They rid themselves of their “water-wings” and
survived.

                                                        — SNL XXIV(641): 56, July 22, 1933


                              From the Past: A “Wild Cat” in Allentown


    The cottage home of the Hon. Robert E. Wright, on Fourth street, beautified with flowers and
ornamented and shaded with the rich foliage of the mapel [sic] and horse chestnut and the willows by
the water coarses, was the scene of considerable excitement and even terror yesterday morning. It
seems that his youthful son Marshall discovered a “wild cat” in the stable and immediately reported
the fact to the members of the household with all that enthusiasm and ardor peculiar to one of his
young and tender age. A prospect for securing this bold intruder presented itself to the mind of this
youth, and the same was at once carried into effect. A goodly number of his companions were
summoned for active service; they reported promptly, fully armed with shot guns and old U. S. muskets
of the flint-lock pattern. An inspection revealed the fact that each one of the recruits had taken the
necessary precaution and provided himself with “forty shots” for the occasion. Steadily and cautiously
this youthful band marched by twos to the stable, which was not only a source of interest but even
terror to these braves. As they approached the scene, the musket portion of the company were quickly
thrown to the front, whilst those armed with shot-guns were kept as a reserve. The animal was soon
seen all coiled up in a corner of the stable and showing its fiery eyes. The command “fire” was given
but unfortunately the flint-locks missed fire. The reserve was brought forward and fired, felling the
animal to the ground. Upon inspection the animal proved to be a tame unoffending coon, belong to an
elderly neighbor lady which had wandered from its home on a pleasure tour, little thinking that it
would cost it its life. The elderly lay, we learn, was excited to wrath over the loss of her pet, and
anathamatized the boys and consigned them to that place occupied by the rich man, in the parable,
after death.

                                        — Lehigh, PA, Register, Sept. 27, 1871, p. 3


North American BioFortean Review                                                                      7
                                             Book Review

The Field Guide to Lake Monsters, Sea Serpents, and Other Mystery Denizens of the Deep
Loren Coleman and Patrick Huyghe
Illustrations by Harry Trumbore and Mark Lee Rollins

Release Date: October 2003
Jeremy P. Tarcher/Penguin
368 pp.
ISBN 1-58542-252-5
$16.95

Reviewed by Chad Arment

    Coleman and Huyghe have compiled a second cryptozoological classificatory collection, following
the same format as The Field Guide to Bigfoot... The authors start with a good introduction to the
potential for discovery in aquatic species and review some of the more interesting marine and
freshwater discoveries in recent years. The discussion then turns to Loch Ness, reviewing its history
and acknowledging its importance in cultural recognition of lake monsters worldwide. The authors
detail a number of potential opportunities for witness error or misidentification, and then review
various classification systems which have been created to try and pin down differing global aquatic
cryptid accounts into an intelligible scheme.

    The basis for this book, then, is the author’s creation of a classificatory arrangement for aquatic
unknowns in both marine and freshwater environments. Fourteen categories are assigned: Classic Sea
Serpent, Waterhorse, Mystery Cetacean, Giant Shark, Mystery Manta, Great Sea Centipede, Mystery
Saurian, Cryptid Chelonian, Mystery Sirenian, Giant Beaver, Mystery Monitor, Dinosauria, Mystery
Salamander, and Giant Octopus. For each of these categories, the authors note the general characteristics
reported by witnesses, the range of sightings, and biological candidates which have been proposed to
account for the sightings. Each category includes one or more specific reports for illustration.

    The book ends by discussing various points of interest such as biogeography (a survey of lakes with
purported monsters; the concentration of similar reports by latitude), potential carcasses, and suggested
regions for monster-watching. A “Geographic List of Lake and River Monsters Worldwide” is given as
an appendix, and is followed by a bibliography.

    The authors were selective in choosing classificatory groupings — so you won’t find the stranger
sightings like “marine elephants” listed. This is probably a good thing, given the controversial nature of
most such reports. The only category I was surprised not to see included was one for giant jellyfish
reports. A few of the classes may elicit debate, but in most cases the authors mentioned the alternative
viewpoints. For example, the Buru is listed under Mystery Monitor, while the authors note that alternative
proposals have included a crocodile and giant lungfish. From a personal perspective, I would disagree
with the placement of Chessie, especially in regards to the Frew tape, as a Classic Sea Serpent, given
that the authors automatically disqualify the possibility of an actual snake. (A hazard of lumping
together disparate reports.) Their only proposed candidates in that category include fossil and extant
whales. As Mark Chorvinsky has noted, Chessie is more of a catch-all term for varied known and
possibly unknown species in the Chesapeake Bay, but there are several interesting reports of a
distinctly snake-like animal which would certainly merit its own category among aquatic unknowns.

    Overall, the book is well-written and contains both famous and little-known reports. I don’t know
that it would be as useful so much as a reference text, given that classifications of any sort are going to
be heavily debated in cryptozoology, but rather as a good introduction to the topic for cryptozoology
enthusiasts who are entering the field of aquatic cryptid research. I doubt that this book will create as
much controversy as The Field Guide to Bigfoot..., if only because most lake monster researchers
aren’t the hot-headed firebrands we see in ABSM research today. [Though, placing the Lake Iliamna
cryptid under Giant Shark might cause a few sparks.]
North American BioFortean Review                                                                    8
    My only real caution involves not the book itself, but the practice of classificatory schemes in
cryptozoology. Obviously, it is necessary to create some system of orderly arrangement so that we can
determine patterns of similarities, be they morphological, biogeographical, or whatever. I have a
concern, however, that amateur enthusiasts may not understand that cryptozoological classification
schemes are structured around the appearance, and not the essence, of purported cryptids. Unconscious
bias may result in systems which are too inclusive [such as the “Chessie” scenario above], or are too
exclusive. I would hate to see someone automatically toss out a sighting report merely because it
doesn’t match the characteristics within a given classification scheme. For example, I am aware of at
least two primate cryptid types from North America with multiple sightings which, while either could
be very generally placed within the classification scheme of The Field Guide to Bigfoot..., are very
different in specific morphological aspects from the general characteristics given there. Certainly, the
authors do not intend to discount reports like this, and experienced investigators will understand the
need for flexibility and continual change within classifications, but those who are just getting involved
in cryptozoology should be aware that classification schemes are artificial structures rather than
concrete systems of categorical essence.

    I would recommend this book as a good primer for aquatic cryptids, and the bibliography will point
to further books which the beginning enthusiast can pursue. Experienced researchers will find new
reports, along with material for discussion and debate. We are slowly seeing a change in cryptozoological
approaches to aquatic unknowns as more investigators look to modern science rather than clinging to
archaic research [see Naish’s commentary in this issue]. Debate and intelligent discussion are
absolutely necessary to propel cryptozoology forward.


North American BioFortean Review                                                                  9
                  CZ Conversations: Darren Naish on Plesiosaurs, Basilosaurs,
                            and Problems with Reconstructions

     [Editor’s Note: The following comes from a series of notes posted on a cryptozoology email list. The
initial post is Darren’s review of the BBC’s recent documentary on Loch Ness. What follows are edited
versions of questions and comments by other listmembers, and Darren’s responses. Much of the
information may be new to cryptozoological enthusiasts, and should provoke serious critical thought
when discussing the possibility of survival for certain fossil species. Disagreements may certainly occur
on some points, but I believe it is important to understand why specific arguments are made, and what
evidences are used to support them.]


Review: BBC on Loch Ness

    There used to be a time when the BBC’s ability to produce good science documentaries was highly
respected: they generally portrayed a balanced view of the subject, had their facts straight, and were
careful not to cast ideas, or scientists themselves, in an inappropriate light. Alas, those days are long
gone, as viewing of any Horizon documentary made within the last five years will show. Formulaic and
predictable, they invariably focus on ‘straw man’ ideas (not believed in by any of the people who work
in the respective field) before introducing a ‘maverick’ who comes along and allegedly overturns
everything. Remember this formula next time you watch a BBC documentary. Of course, things in
science generally don’t work that way but it makes good TV. Many documentaries also come across as
fake ‘docu-dramas’ consisting of self-indulgent TV theatre, much of which is completely irrelevant.
Then again, it might also make fun TV for the masses and I suppose this is what they are aiming for.

    The BBC’s Loch Ness documentary shown last Sunday was no exception, though let me say that I
like Steve Leonard and enjoy watching his stuff. Overall the programme’s conclusion - that there is no
Loch Ness monster (viz, an unknown living species of large animal) is defensible and they should be
commended for avoiding the usual caveat at the end that, despite all their work, there might still be
something lurking out there. But the following things are what really bothered me...

                                   What plesiosaurs don’t look like

     Firstly, the programme featured copious CG footage of an animal alleged to be a plesiosaur. Sorry,
but it was completely unrealistic, thoroughly ugly and unlike any plesiosaur known from fossils. It had
stiff diamond-shaped paddles, large plate-like scutes covering its body, and an overall skeletal look,
even with the neural spines of its vertebrae projecting along its back. No plesiosaur looked like this.
Fossil evidence indicates that they were sleek, streamlined animals with skin that probably looked
smooth from a short distance away. Their paddles were wing-shaped with a somewhat flexible trailing
edge: they were not diamond shaped. I think the CG plesiosaur was given these flippers to match the
images in the Rines-Egerton photo.

   MORE IMPORTANTLY, right from the outset the programme made the assumption that, if there is a
Loch Ness monster, then it’s a plesiosaur. They did not suggest or even imply that other identities have
been suggested, and by going for the plesiosaur identity they mischaracterised the ideas of many people
who have investigated the Loch Ness phenomenon.

                                     The irrelevance of crocodiles

    Leonard asked what kind of modern animal might resemble (in ecological terms) a plesiosaur.
Though there is no exact extant analogue, the correct answer would be a marine mammal of some
sort (plesiosaurs can be imagined as combining uniqueness with features of otariid pinnipeds, turtles
and crocodilians). But no, Leonard chose... Indo-Pacific crocodiles.

    Basically this was a 15 minute excuse for Leonard, Adam Britton (an extremely respected crocodile
biologist who I think very highly of) and a team of helpers to play around with a big crocodile. Steve
North American BioFortean Review                                                                  10
Salisbury (another extremely respected crocodile worker — his recent Ph.D. is a frighteningly impressive
work on the self-carrying system of fossil and living crocodilians) started things off by pointing to
superficial similarities seen in plesiosaur and crocodile skulls.

    Ok... Leonard went from there and, stating that a plesiosaur bite would have resembled that of an
Indo-Pacific crocodile, proceeded to measure a crocodile’s bite force with a pressure hose. Very
interesting, yes crocodiles have an awesome bite force. Relevance to plesiosaurs? Very little. After the
playing around with the crocodile bit, they briefly went back to Salisbury: though it wasn’t explained at
length, if you listened carefully he quickly stated profound differences seen between crocodile and
plesiosaur skulls. Though pliosaurs (short-necked plesiosaurs with superficially crocodile-like skulls)
may well have some functional similarities with crocodiles, things are clearly different if you’re
thinking of long-necked plesiosaurs like Plesiosaurus, cryptoclidids and elasmosaurids. These animals
fundamentally lack the features associated with the power biting of big crocodilians. Their skulls
indicate instead relatively weak snapping bites — i.e., ideal for catching fish, crustaceans etc., but not
for grabbing people, water buffalo or antelopes as Leonard implied. So, while all of this was nice TV
theatre of the sort we now expect from the BBC, it was a waste of time and nothing to do with Loch Ness.

                                  Turtles, gigantothermy and ice bergs

    When wondering if a hypothetical plesiosaur could survive in waters as cold of those of Loch Ness,
Leonard pointed both to leatherbacks and to Australian fossil sites yielding (apparently) cold water
plesiosaurs. Leatherbacks really can swim in cold boreal seas, but despite initial results from Paladino
et al. (1990) they are no longer thought to have a resting metabolic rate elevated compared to that of
other similar-sized reptiles. In other words they are bradymetabolic.

    However, they are endotherms and have a bunch of features that allow them to be cold tolerant
including an insulative carapace, a thick, oil-saturated skin, fibrous fatty tissue and countercurrent heat
exchange mechanisms in the flippers. The presence or absence of all of these things can be determined
from fossils and there are enough good plesiosaur fossils (including at least one good specimen with
skin impressions — my info on it is from Arthur Cruickshank, an expert on plesiosaur anatomy) for us
to be confident that these things were absent in plesiosaurs. The bone microtexture and histology of
plesiosaurs is not consistent with endothermy — they appear to have been ‘traditional’ reptiles. So the
only getout for having them as cold tolerant is to argue that they were gigantotherms.

    Problem: the entire theory of gigantothermy is based on Paladino et al’s erroneous data on
leatherbacks, and it has since been retracted by these authors. Given that other studies do not show
leatherbacks to have an elevated metabolic rate (Lutcavage et al. 1990), the theory of gigantothermy
has died a death and there is no evidence that giant bradymetabolic vertebrates converge in physiology
with giant tachymetabolic ones. Even if gigantothermy were a viable theory, in marine reptiles it is only
theoretically possible with the suite of features cited above. Indeed Orenstein (2001) writes
‘Gigantothermy ... would not be enough to keep a leatherback warm in cold northern waters’ (p. 134).
At the moment the idea that plesiosaurs may have been cold tolerant is not based on any good evidence.

    As for the evidence showing that some Cretaceous plesiosaurs inhabited cold waters with icebergs
etc., this is controversial: the Cretaceous poles were nowhere near as cold as the modern ones and the
evidence that the Australian sites they referred to were frequented by icebergs rests on the presence of
drop stones - rocks alien to the local sedimentary geology and which appear to have been carried to
their new home by ice. The problem is that ice bergs are not the only way in which drop stones get
dropped. Stones and rocks can also be carried for miles and miles in the roots of floating trees and as
seaweed holdfasts.

                                           Believing is seeing

    The programme ended with another TV theatre section on human perception. Basically, people
are poor observers and what we perceive is not necessarily the same as what we see. Fair enough, as
discussed here before there are many studies which support this view. To demonstrate it, Leonard set
up a fence post in the loch which could be raised and lowered by the pull of a rope. A group of tourists
North American BioFortean Review                                                                    11
were looking out over the loch when — shpling — up popped the fence post, and — shplop — down it
went. They were then asked to sketch what they’d drawn. The results? .... incredibly unimpressive. No
one had enough imagination to draw a drooling toothy elasmosaur with flippers, shining eyes and
steam coming from its mouth and nostrils, everyone had instead drawn... a fence post. One person did
however give the top of the fence post a sort of flipper shape to it, and another imagined that she’d
seen humps beneath the water surface. But overall it did not demonstrate the point.

                                         An improbable conclusion

    Leonard’s final point was that people ‘see’ a Loch Ness monster because they have been led to
think that any unexplained object seen in the loch is a Nessie. But that’s where it ended — he
concluded that people weren’t seeing anything: it was all imagination. No mention of the far more likely
(IMHO) scenario that people are in fact seeing a whole wealth of different things, but misinterpreting
them as monsters because of their preconceptions/poor observational skills/naiveté. Things like water
birds, swimming deer, seals, wave and wake effects etc. These things for me are ‘Loch Ness monsters’:
people do see the Loch Ness monster, but they are not seeing a giant unknown survivor from
prehistory.

    Some months ago I spent the better day of a day with one of the BBC researchers responsible for
this documentary. He wasn’t in the credits, so I wasn’t surprised that I wasn’t either, but it did strike me
that what he spoke about all those months ago was very similar to the final product. Stated another
way: it seems that many documentary makers know what they are going to show and what they are
going to find even before they’ve started filming. So when you see a documentary that claims to be
objective and scientific in its approach, you are instead seeing a carefully orchestrated, theatrical piece
of popular entertainment that cannot claim to be authoritative or objective.


Comment: Extant plesiosaurs may show characteristics not found in fossils.

Response:

     Those list members who remember, or bothered to read, the long discussion Karl and I had some
years back on this list regarding plesiosaur survival may recall some of the points we brought up then.
If there are living plesiosaurs then it is possible that they look substantially different from fossil ones.
More on that below.

     However, the CG plesiosaur in the BBC documentary was meant to be ‘a plesiosaur’: there was no
indication that it was an evolved one which had accumulated a pile of autapomorphies following 65
million years of cryptic evolution. Indeed when Leonard was discussing basic points of plesiosaur
anatomy, the CG plesiosaur displayed the relevant bits of its anatomy (no double entendre intended).
It really was meant to be an accurate restoration of a live Mesozoic plesiosaur, and it failed on all
counts. I know this isn’t the point that Karl was addressing but wanted to make it clear nonetheless.

    Karl’s main point is that what we think we know about Mesozoic plesiosaur morphology and
physiology may well not apply to hypothetical extant forms. Fair enough, I concede. 65 million years is
plenty of time for hypothetical post-Cretaceous plesiosaurs to evolve tachymetabolic endothermy, an
insulative furry coat, novel flipper morphology, whiskers, heterodont teeth, inflatable humps, hydrostatic
snorkel-like organs.. etc. etc.. It just seems to me that this sort of thing is (1) rampant speculation,
(2) special pleading [Karl and I may not agree on this, but I don’t really see much in modern aquatic
cryptid reports that really recalls a plesiosaurian identity], and (3) less parsimonious that other possibilities
— viz, that people are not seeing live plesiosaurs at all but other animals. It is sometimes difficult to
forget in these academic arguments that the theories are based on raw data, and how good is the data?
Which aquatic cryptid reports REALLY sound like descriptions of plesiosaurs, and why?


North American BioFortean Review                                                                          12
Question: How might modern plesiosaurs look today if they had survived?

Response:

    An interesting idea. Incidentally, hypothetical modern plesiosaurs already are in the (non-
cryptozoological) literature: in Dougal Dixon’s The New Dinosaurs there is a filter-feeding giant pliosaur
called the whelk and a long-necked elasmosaurid which reaches up out of the water to grab seabirds
and pterosaurs. I forget its name. However, the logic behind the evolution of Dougal’s animals is often
rather unrealistic: for a critique, see...http://www.cmnh.org/dinoarch/2000Mar/msg00148.html

    What do I think hypothetical modern plesiosaurs would look like? As Karl hints above, plesiosaurs
actually seem to have been rather conservative. During their 160-odd million years they retain essentially
the same body plan, though of course there is substantial experimentation with neck and skull
morphology, flipper size and shape and so on. Consistently, all plesiosaurs had a short tail, two pairs of
wing-shaped flippers which were probably used in the alternating downstroke mode of Frey & Riess
(1982) [Lingham-Soliar (2000) notwithstanding], ventrally located plate-like pectoral and pelvic girdle
bones and a complex interlocking gastral basket that held the body stiff. They all have large eyes and
pointed teeth and appear to have relied on bone-conducted hearing (some have a fused or absent
stapes).

    Given another 65 million years, it seems unlikely (but is of course by no means impossible) that any
of these features would be lost. The evolution of tail-less plesiosaurs; plesiosaurs with enlarged
forelimbs and diminutive hindlimbs; plesiosaurs with enlarged hindlimbs and diminutive forelimbs;
plesiosaurs with flexible or elongate bodies; or plesiosaurs with reduced eyes that rely on hearing are
therefore unlikely and not ‘logical’ given the conservatism seen throughout the recorded 160-odd
million years.

   And were plesiosaurs conservative? Well, Liassic plesiosaurs like the elasmosaurids Microcleidus
and Occitanosaurus really aren’t that different from end-Cretaceous elasmosaurids like Callawayasaurus
and Libonectes, yet are separated by something like 115 million years. Among short-necked plesiosaurs,
Late Cretaceous Brachauchenius is a close cousin of Middle Jurassic Pliosaurus and Liopleurodon.
These taxa are all similar superficially, yet are separated by around 60 million years.

    By no means do I wish to imply that plesiosaur evolution was static or lethargic — generic and
species turnover seems to have been moderately high with few genera lasting more than 5 million
years — but there are no major ecomorph shifts in plesiosaur evolution which result in an ‘entirely new
look.’ How are Cretaceous plesiosaurs different from Jurassic ones? Cretaceous elasmosaurids are
longer-necked and bigger than Jurassic ones, short-necked polycotylids are new (but can be regarded as
ecological replacements of Jurassic rhomaleosaurids and pliosaurids), and there are odd multi-toothed
forms like Aristonectes and Kaiwhekea, aberrant Southern Hemisphere cryptoclidids/cimoliasaurids
(or elasmosaurids according to some) with more teeth than their Jurassic relatives. Freshwater
plesiosaurs? There is reasonable evidence that at least some Cretaceous plesiosaurs — namely
leptocleidine rhomaleosaurids (using terminology of O’Keefe, 2001) — were denizens of freshwater.
Unfortunately they don’t appear to have made it to the Upper Cretaceous, but nevertheless it is entirely
plausible that river- and lake-dwelling plesiosaurs might evolve if plesiosaurs survived the KT event.

    My main point then is that plesiosaurs were rather conservative overall, despite contending with
160-odd million years of substantial climatological, palaeoceanographic and faunal change. This is
circumstantial evidence for the view that hypothetical post-Cretaceous plesiosaurs wouldn’t be that
different from Cretaceous ones. While this is all entirely untestable in the absence of any post-
Cretaceous plesiosaurs, it suggests to me that the notion of modern ‘evolved’ plesiosaurs which
differ strongly in morphology and physiology from their Mesozoic ancestors is not backed up by
the evidence.


North American BioFortean Review                                                                   13
Question: So what might a modern-day basilosaur look like?

Response:

   Ah well, there are already 21st century basilosaurids... they’re called mysticetes and odontocetes.

    Dorudontines are the probable ancestors of all modern whales and, according to some [but not all]
taxonomic arrangements, dorudontines + basilosaurines = Basilosauridae. There is no evidence to
suggest that basilosaurines, the only long-bodied basilosaurids known (and there are only two genera:
Basilosaurus and Basiloterus), survived beyond the end of the Eocene. The alleged ‘post-Eocene
archaeocetes’ of the literature are more like dorudontines, and do not resemble basilosaurines.

    If there are extant long-bodied cetaceans I favour the idea that they are super-weird members of
the Delphinida. As I’ve pointed out in some of my articles, some extant delphinidans do undulate
vertically when swimming, while others are very long bodied. So how about a super-long delphinidan
that undulates vertically as it swims.


Question: What is the current thinking on plesiosaur predation?

Response:

    1) All available fossil evidence strongly indicates that plesiosaurs (elasmosaurids included) were
predominantly sub-aqueous predators. The presence in plesiosaurs of dense bones and gastroliths
indicates that (as in all extant aquatic vertebrates with these features) they were generally trying to stay
beneath the water surface and not at or near the water-surface interface. Incidentally there is some
stomach content data from an Australian elasmosaurid which indicates that it was feeding on benthic
invertebrates like crinoids.

    2) The presence in plesiosaur skulls of a flow-through olfaction system (viz, where water flows into
the mouth, through the internal nostrils and out via the external nostrils), eyes better shaped for
under-water vision than vision in air (indicated by scleral ossicles: see Storrs & Taylor, 1996), and
probable deafness to airborne sounds (as indicated by fused or absent stapes: see Carpenter 1996,
1997) strongly suggests that plesiosaurs did their sensing in water, not in the air.

    3) Pretty much all plesiosaurs have dorsolaterally oriented eye sockets — that is, the eyes face
upwards and outwards. This indicates that they attacked prey from below or the side, not from above.
Indeed one wonders how the elasmosaurs of old restoration, waving their necks up above the water
surface, are meant to see the fish they are supposed to be preying on.

    4) Finally, plesiosaur necks do not seem to have been that flexible — indeed some workers are
now arguing that elasmosaurid necks weren’t that supple at all — and there is every indication that
they could not bend the neck dorsally because of the height of the cervical neural spines. It also seems
that elasmosaurids lacked the muscular power, or the required body mass, to lift the neck out of the
water, as was shown recently by Everhart (2000).

    Thus the evidence from plesiosaur fossils indicates that they were sub-aqueous ambush predators,
specialised for life beneath the water surface, which did not plunge the head down through the surface
nor elevate the neck above the water-surface interface. There is no reason why they couldn’t forage at
the surface from beneath the water-surface interface though.


Question: What about the theory that Elasmosaurids were actually members of the Pliosauria?

Response:

   Tim is referring to a theory first published by Robert Bakker (1993) and based itself on technical
North American BioFortean Review                                                                     14
work later published by Ken Carpenter (1996, 1997). Bakker argued that all Cretaceous plesiosaurs —
including elasmosaurids — evolved from pliosaur-grade Jurassic plesiosaurs. Carpenter did not go this
far but argued that the short-necked polycotylids (traditionally regarded as close kin of pliosaurids) are
actually most closely related to elasmosaurids, thus the short-necked morph had evolved at least twice.

    A lot of recent work has been done on this area. Though not all plesiosaur workers agree
[Cruickshank (1997) for example still regards polycotylids as descendants of leptocleidine
rhomaelosaurids, and thus as members of the traditional Pliosauroidea], several recent studies have
supported the idea that polycotylids — which are mostly short-necked — are part of a long-necked
clade which includes cryptoclidids and elasmosaurids.

    As for all Cretaceous plesiosaurs being derived from pliosaurids, forget it. No recent work supports
this — indeed there are now several good Jurassic (even Early Jurassic) elasmosaurids, so the group is
not restricted to the Cretaceous, plus there is no way elasmosaurids and pliosaurids are particularly
close relatives. See Bardet et al. (1999) and O’Keefe (2001, 2002).

    If anything is clear, it is that — as should be expected for the phylogeny of any group of organisms
— the truth is seldom pure and never simple, which of course is in keeping with the philosophy that
evolution is all about the creation of new diversity from existing raw material. Reversals are common
and there is no inherent sense of progress. No longer is there a simple dichotomy between ‘long necked’
and ‘short necked’ plesiosaurs. However, this does not mean goodbye to the Plesiosauroidea and
Pliosauroidea, it’s just that some plesiosauroids are short necked and some pliosauroids are long necked.
In O’Keefe’s (2001) phylogeny, Plesiosauroidea = Plesiosaurus + Euplesiosauria (and Euplesiosauria
= Elasmosauridae + Microcleidus + Cryptocleidoidea) and Pliosauroidea = Thalassiodracon +
Pliosauridae + Rhomaleosauridae. Among his Plesiosauroidea, the Cryptocleidoidea includes the short
necked polycotylids, and among his Pliosauroidea, Thalassiodracon and Attenborosaurus are long
necked taxa. If anyone is really interested in all this I advise them to check out the references below.

    Returning to Tim’s question... bottom line: no, Bakker (1993) was not right in arguing that
elasmosaurids and other Cretaceous plesiosaurs all evolved from pliosaurids, and even if he was right
what are the important implications for plesiosaur survivability? Plesiosaurs did survive some significant
extinction events but did not make it past the KT event.


Comment: [on the theory that the 1937 Cadborosaurus photograph shows an extant Basilosaurus]

Response:

   With respect, I see no reason for this at all. If you accept the observations of the NHT by Bousfield
& LeBlond (1995), the hind-flippers and head of the carcass look as different from a basilosaur as it is
possible to be. Ben Speers-Roesch (right now on fieldwork in the Arctic — he stayed at my house a few
weeks ago) has argued that features of the vertebral centra seen on the NHT definitely match those of
basking sharks. This seems pretty convincing.


Comment: [Ziphiids are representative of “superweird elongate odontocetes”]

Response:

    Yes, ziphiids are weird. I’m thinking though of something even longer-bodied than Berardius or
Hyperoodon: the longest-bodied delphinidan is Lissodelphis. He was stretching the point (...... no pun
intended) but Richard Ellis once described one of the two species as ‘eel-shaped.’ Imagine a
lissodelphine 7-8 m long with a slightly more elongate body. With more elongation might come the
vertical undulation Buchholtz (1998, 2001) demonstrated for Inia and Delphinapterus. Rampant
speculation of course, but as I said in my FT aquatic cryptids article, IF there are long-bodied extant
cetacean cryptids, this is what I think they might be. BTW, I’m going to patent the term ‘superweird
elongate odontocete’:)
North American BioFortean Review                                                                   15
Question: Could plesiosaurs have survived in small populations? Is the coelocanth a viable example of
       such survival?

Response:

    There are a few post-Cretaceous coelacanth fossils, though they were overlooked or unreported
until recently. One is a single fin spine (IIRC) from Palaeocene Denmark while the other is some good
material from Miocene Israel.

    A point I’ve tried to make in some of my articles (see Naish 2000a, 2001), and also in discussions on
this list, is that the fossil record really isn’t as bad as some people imply. The range durations of
lineages are generally well represented in the geological record — those of you that want to chase this
up in the technical literature should see Benton & Storrs 1994 and Benton et al. 2000 for starters.
Notably, large aquatic vertebrates have among the best fossil records of all — indeed some studies find
that plesiosaurs and their kin are disproportionately well represented (Storrs 1993), and this is true
even when they are reduced in diversity following extinction events.

   Importantly, no known group of large aquatic vertebrates disappears from the fossil record for
anything like 65 million years, even those that appear to have been low in taxonomic diversity or
population size.

    In my opinion — and of course people are quite entitled to disagree with me entirely — we can be
extremely confident that plesiosaurs did not survive beyond the KT event. Coelacanths and megamouth
sharks do not provide analogues for cryptic plesiosaur survival, every aspect of plesiosaur palaeobiology
and stratigraphic distribution is against it, and there is no evidence to support it.

    So I think it’s time we came back to the ‘raw data’ aspect of this debate I mentioned previously.
WHY has anyone ever suggested that modern cryptids might be extant plesiosaurs, and specifically
which eyewitness accounts do they have in mind? IMHO, if you go back to those sightings you’ll see
very little in them that really recalls a plesiosaur.. you are instead seeing the effects of historical
contingency (see Naish 2000a, 2001) whereby cryptozoologists have grafted their own preconceptions
about plesiosaur lifestyle and appearance onto the cryptids. And for the most part, these preconceptions
are based on the way plesiosaurs were depicted in the artwork of the 19th and 20th centuries.

    So it is not the cryptids that are the problem — and BTW let me state for the record that I do think
there are unidentified large animals at the bottom of at least some lake and sea monster reports — but
the interpretations that have been grafted onto them.


Comment: [On the Cadborosaurus image, and the lack of evidence for Basilosaur tail fins]

Response:

    In all living whales, the shape of the centra of the caudal vertebrae are round in cross-section
throughout the tail EXCEPT FOR those vertebrae to which the flukes are attached. Unlike all the other
vertebrae in the column, in these the centra are square in cross-section. The vertebra at the junction
between these two centrum morphologies is convex on both articular faces and is informally called
the ‘baseball vertebra’. ALL of these features are seen without question in the caudal vertebrae of
basilosaurids (see Gingerich 1998 and Gingerich et al. 1990 for the data).

    Ergo, basilosaurids had tail flukes the same in form and location to those of extant cetaceans. The
flukes of extant cetaceans consist of a tough fatty core, a fibrous collagenous meshwork around the
core and then several layers of fat and dermis. Parsimony dictates that basilosaur flukes were built
exactly like this.

   The NHT appears to have a sort of tail fluke or fin on one of its sides. Bousfield & LeBlond (1995)
argued that this was a sort of ‘pseudo-fluke’ and mirror-imaged it to produce a bilobed tail. They then
North American BioFortean Review                                                                  16
made completely erroneous comparisons with the hindlimbs of pachypleurosaurs and plesiosaurs,
but that’s another story. However, whatever it is, the NHT’s ‘pseudo-fluke’ clearly has a skeleton-like
system of supporting struts and appears to have been partially foldable. Maybe the supporting struts are
bones or maybe they’re cartilaginous rods or collagen bundles. Whatever they are, they demonstrate
that the NHT does not have a fluke like that of any cetacean. So I wouldn’t agree with you that the NHT
is at all like a basilosaurid on that basis.


Question: What do you think about the Mansi photo of Champ?

Response:

    My take on the Mansi photo has already been published — see Naish (2001) — and my opinion on
it might make me unpopular but here we go...

    There are several things in the Mansi photo that make me doubt it really is an animal with a smooth
back and a long sauropod-like neck and head. If you look closely at the base of the object, on the left
side, there are a number of amorphous lumps sticking out of the water on the same plane as the
‘creature’ itself. These do not look as ‘sharp’ as the neck and head but if you look at the focus on the
‘body’ you’ll see that much of that — particularly the part of it closest to the water’s surface — is also
less sharp than the neck and head.

                                        Where are these lumps?

   Specifically, they are between the neck base and the body, linking them together (lump 1);
immediately to the left of the neck base, giving it a sloping ‘shoulder’ (lump 2); and to the left of the
neck, a short distance away from the neck base (lump 3). To see exactly what I mean look at Fig. 7 in
Naish (2001).

     For independent verification of what I report, see also Fig. 2 in LeBlond (1982). LeBlond also
illustrates these features (though doesn’t mention them in his text). From his diagram it seems that he
interprets lump 3 as a flipper (see below) and he illustrates lump 2 accurately. His diagram is not
detailed enough to determine whether or not he saw lump 1.

    These lumps become more obvious on photographic enhancement. Those of you who have seen
Discovery’s ‘Out of the Unknown’ episode on Champ (broadcast in the UK as ‘Myths and Monsters’) may
recall Peter Suthers scanning the photo, tinkering around with the contrast etc., and also demonstrating
the presence of the lumps. Because Dicovery wanted the photo to depict a basilosaurid tail (!!!!) this
wasn’t a problem for them, but it is if you want the object to be a sauropod or plesiosaur-like animal.
For more on this see below.

                                    Why are the lumps a problem?

    Put simply, the lumps are a problem as they totally destroy the profile and show that the object is
not really a sauropod or plesiosaur-like animal, but a far more irregularly shaped object. The following
will be easier if you have a copy of the Mansi photo in front of you... Try and work out how the object
would look if it were a long-necked animal with its body to the right. Logic and vertebrate morphology
dictate that the tail will be out further to the right, the chest and shoulder region will be more or less
directly beneath the head, and thus the forelimbs will also be more or less directly below the point at
which the head is. How then, can the animal have a sloping ‘shoulder’ (lump 2) on the left side of its
neck? Where does this shoulder go if the body is to the right? Also, how on earth can any part of the
body (lump 3) be far out to the left?

     I therefore submit that the object in the photo LOOKS like an animal because it has a realistic neck,
head and back profile but is actually a more complex object. The only likely thing I can think of is that
it’s a tree stump with branches or roots sticking out of it. Mansi reported definite movement of the
object. Tree stumps which float to the surface may rotate, bob around and create the impression of a
North American BioFortean Review                                                                   17
moving animal. I need not explain that decomposing vegetation which floats to the water surface can
sink again once gas is expelled.

   Bottom line then is that the animal-like look of the object is a good illusion. I’ve noticed that most
people who want the photo to depict a cryptid refuse to believe that it can’t be any thing other than an
animal, but as yet I’ve never heard any response to the problems raised by the ‘lumps.’ As for Mansi’s
own assertions I regret that these don’t hold much weight for me.

   Anyway, feedback would be appreciated — though do remember to ask yourself if you are being
objective and reasonable in your interpretations and/or dismissal of my hypothesis. Emotion and belief
don’t count for much.

   Here is the relevant section on the Mansi photo from Naish (2001). Much of it will repeat what
you’ve just read...

    “Perhaps the most impressive aquatic cryptid photograph is the Mansi photograph, taken at Lake
Champlain in July 1977 by Sandra Mansi. The photograph appears to depict a long-necked grey-brown
animal that is curving its neck over its rounded back, as if it is looking behind itself. It looks rather like
a traditional depiction of a sauropod though some writers have compared it with basilosaurid whales
(Michell & Rickard 1982). This is odd because all whales, including basilosaurids, have very short necks.

    “It is clear that the object in the Mansi photo is large, and that the neck and body are connected
beneath the water surface. Image enhancement by the photographic expert Peter Suthers (shown in
an edition of the ‘Out of the Unknown’ Discovery series) provides an interesting new perspective on
the photo. By bleeding out the colours and thereby enhancing the shape of the object in the photo,
Suthers revealed several previously unreported features. These were a group of amorphous black shapes
to the left of the object, a sloping ‘shoulder’ on the left side of the base of the object’s ‘neck’, and
another ‘shoulder’ on the right side that joins the base of the neck with the body (Fig 7). Suthers
interpreted these new features as vindication for the idea that the object does represent an animal.
Bizarrely, Suthers went on to suggest that, rather than representing the body, neck and head of an
animal, the object might instead be a bifid fluked tail. Discovery elaborated on this suggestion by
drawing the outline of a cetacean-like tail onto the object in the Mansi photo, thereby endorsing their
speculation that ‘Champ’ is an extant basilosaurid. It should be clear from examination of the photo
that the object cannot possibly be a whale’s tail.

    “Furthermore, rather than supporting the suggestion that the Mansi object was an unknown
animal, these findings call such an identification into question. The new profile of the object provided
by Suthers indicates that the object is less like an animal that perceived before: the left-side ‘shoulder’
makes no sense anatomically and completely ruins the plesiosaur-like profile of the object while
the shapes on the left defy explanation. I suggest that the object is a large mass of wood with a
neck-shaped branch: according to Mansi’s testimony, this momentarily burst through the water surface
before turning and sinking.” (Naish 2001, pp. 87-88)


References —

Bakker, R. T. 1993. Jurassic sea monsters. Discover 14 (9), 78-85.

Bardet, N., Godefroit, P. & Sciau, J. 1999. A new elasmosaurid plesiosaur from the Lower Jurassic of
   southern France. Palaeontology 42, 927-952.

Benton, M. J. & Storrs, G. W. 1994. Testing the quality of the fossil record: paleontological knowledge is
   improving. Geology 22, 111-114.

Benton, M. J ., Wills, M. A. & Hitchin, R. 2000. Quality of the fossil record through time. Nature 403, 534-537.

Buchholtz, E. A. 1998. Implications of vertebral morphology for locomotor evolution in early Cetacea. In
North American BioFortean Review                                                                         18
    Thewissen, J. G. M. (ed) The Emergence of Whales. Plenum Press (New York), pp. 325-351.

Buchholtz, E. A. 2001. Vertebral osteology and swimming style in living and fossil whales (Order: Cetacea).
   Journal of Zoology 253, 175-190.

Carpenter, K. 1996. A review of short-necked plesiosaurs from the Cretaceous of the Western Interior,
   North America. Neues Jahrbuch fur Geologie und Palaontologie, Abhandlungen 201, 259-287.

Carpenter, K. 1997. Comparative cranial anatomy of two North American Cretaceous plesiosaurs. In
   Callaway, J. & Massare, J. (eds) Ancient Marine Reptiles. Academic Press (London), pp. 191-216.

Cruickshank, A. R. I. 1997. A Lower Cretaceous pliosauroid from South Africa. Annals of the South
   African Museum 105, 207-226.

Everhart, M. J. 2000. Gastroliths associated with plesiosaur remains in the Sharon Springs Member of the
   Pierre Shale (Late Cretaceous), western Kansas. Transactions of the Kansas Academy of Science 103, 64-75.

Frey, E. & Riess, J. 1982. Considerations concerning plesiosaur locomotion. Neues Jahrbuch fur Geologie
   und Palaontologie 164, 193-194.

Gingerich, P. D. 1998. Paleobiological perspectives on Mesonychia, Archaeoceti, and the origin of whales.
   In Thewissen, J. G. M. (ed) The Emergence of Whales. Plenum Press (New York), pp. 423-449.

Gingerich, P. D., Smith, B. H. & Simons, E. L. 1990. Hind limbs of Eocene Basilosaurus: evidence of feet
   in whales. Science 249, 154-157.

LeBlond, P. H. 1982. An estimate of the dimensions of the Lake Champlain monster from the length of
   adjacent wind waves in the Mansi photograph. Cryptozoology 1, 54-61.

Lingham-Soliar, T. 2000. Plesiosaur locomotion: is the four-wing problem real or merely an atheoretical
    exercise? Neues Jahrbuch fur Geologie und Paläontologie, Abhandlungen 217, 45-87.

Lutcavage, M. E., Bushnell, P. G., and D. R. Jones. 1990. Oxygen transport in the leatherback sea turtle
   Dermochelys coriacea. Physiological Zoology 63, 1012-1024.

Naish, D. 2000a. Where be monsters? Fortean Times 132, 40-44.

Naish, D. 2000b. The fossil record (response to McKenzie 2000). Fortean Times 138, 52.

Naish, D. 2001. Sea serpents, seals and coelacanths. In Simmons, I. & Quin, M. (eds) Fortean Studies
   Volume 7. John Brown Publishing (London), pp. 75-94.

O’Keefe, F. R. 2001. A cladistic analysis and taxonomic revision of the Plesiosauria (Reptilia:
   Sauropterygia). Acta Zoologica Fennica 213, 1-63.

O’Keefe, F. R. 2002. The evolution of plesiosaur and pliosaur morphotypes in the Plesiosauria (Reptilia:
   Sauropterygia). Paleobiology 28, 101-112.

Orenstein, R. 2001. Turtles, Tortoises & Terrapins. Survivors in Armor. Firefly Books (New York), pp. 308.

Paladino, F. V., O’Conner, M. P. & Spotila, J. R. 1990. Metabolism of leatherback turtles, gigantothermy,
    and thermoregulation of dinosaurs. Nature 344, 858-860.

Storrs, G. W. 1993. The quality of the Triassic sauropterygian fossil record. Revue de Paléobiologie 7, 217-228.

Storrs, G. W. & Taylor, M. A. 1996. Cranial anatomy of a new plesiosaur genus from the lowermost Lias
    (Rhaetian/Hettangian) of Street, Somerset, England. Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 16, 403-420.
North American BioFortean Review                                                                         19
                               Gold, Treasure Hunters — And Bigfoot!
                                 An Unwanted Occupational Hazard
                      While in Pursuit of Monetary Gains by Hobbyist Individuals.


                           Dr. Dwight G. Smith* and Gary S. Mangiacopra**


   “For This, Men Have
   Crossed continents — and double-crossed
   friends ———
   Conquered nations — and surrendered
   their souls ———
   Settled states — and unsettled hearts
   and minds ———
   Been cursed and cured — known power
   and pain ———
   Sacrificed, squandered it, lusted for it,
   lived for it — and many, many have died for it.
   But the lure and the lore live on —
   the desire for it never diminishes ———
   IT’S GOLD!”

               — GOLD!, the treasure magazine, Winter 1974.


          “WARNING!: These treasures may be hazardous to your health.” — The Editor’s
       Deck, TREASURE, February 1988, concerning Louisiana’s Honey Island Treasure and its
       Swamp-Ape Monster.


                                      Treasure Seekers vs. Bigfoot

    Since the early portion of the 19th century when the North American continent was being explored
and exploited by individuals in their pursuit of wealth, written accounts of their adventures became
available to the public in general. Their writings revealed rugged loners who trekked across regions of
this continent that formerly only the native Americans had previously walked upon, sometimes
venturing into areas where even the Indians fear to tread in search of gold. It is through these adventures
that strange encounters with “hairy wild men” — which today we would call Bigfoot — had befallen
treasure seekers in remote and rugged areas, many of which are even today almost never visited by
humans.

    A few of these early Bigfoot accounts survived to the present and have found their way into
contemporary lost treasure articles often as simply an afterthought or anecdote related by the writer.
These almost forgotten Bigfoot encounters by gold seekers of nearly two centuries ago have great
historical significance for today’s Bigfoot researchers.

    The following accounts of Bigfoot encounters by gold seekers were culled from nearly 1,300
treasure magazines from author Mangiacopra’s vast private collection. This collection dates back nearly
four decades and contains over 10,000 treasure caches stories.

   The accounts reveal all too clearly that on a routine basis, treasure seekers had to contend with


   *Biology Department, Southern Connecticut State University, New Haven
   **Milford, Connecticut.

North American BioFortean Review                                                                    20
hostile landscapes, extreme heat or cold, lack of drinkable water, treacherous partners, hostile
Indians, attacking wild animals, running out of supplies and ammunition, and unavoidable accidents.
Added to this was another dangerous hazard they sometimes had to deal with — encounters with
Bigfoot!


                             The California Gold Rush — And Bigfoot Too!

    By the early 1840s, California mountain men first began hearing about a mysterious “yellow’’ lake
located somewhere in the High Sierra. From accounts given by Indians, this small granite-bound lake
was located in a little valley inhabited by a strange monster that was supposedly so horrible that the
Indians avoided the whole region.

    Inferring that this “yellow” lake meant nearby gold deposits, prospectors went in search of this
lake, assumed to be somewhere north of the Yuba and east of the Feather Rivers, but it was never found.

     In 1890, writer E. C. Kemble wrote that an old Indian Chief warned him not to seek the yellow lake.
According to the chief, the gold that ran through the mountains belonged to a terrible demon who ate
all those in search of it. This demon (Bigfoot?) resided by a lake in the mountains whose shores were
lined with gold. [1]

    Another of California’s famous lost treasures is a gold mine reported to be somewhere in the Devil’s
Backbone wilderness region. This area is also the same reputed haunt of Bigfoot, who is said to be
residing there.

    The Devil’s Backbone stands in the northwest corner of Trinity County, along the Humboldt county
line. This area is the crest of a ridge that forms the boundary between two counties and is a natural
pathway between the Salmon Mountains and Trinity Summit. Local terrain is sun-bleached rock that is
sparsely shaded by scattered manzanita brush and digger pine. The ridge slopes fall sharply down into
a steep boulder-strewn canyons below.

    During the post-Civil War period, the Devil’s Backbone was an important pack-trains link for travel
between the mines of the Salmon River and Trinity River. In the early 1880s, two sourdough prospectors
that had regularly appeared to buy their supplies with gold disappeared into the region never to be
seen again. In the 1890s, the townspeople of Willow Creek in Humboldt County became suspicious of
an Indian who within six years became very wealthy from his gold nuggets and dust that he had used
to pay for items, when he had no apparent source of income. He agreed to show a Willow Creek
merchant the location of his gold source, only to be killed in a freak accident by being impaled on the
picket fence around his yard.

    The lost gold mine was again discovered in the summer of 1914, by Mr. Mack Jones who died in
1915 from pneumonia. Before dying, Mack told his two sons the location of the mine. The sons spent
the next five summers searching for the gold mine, but they never found it.

   As to the extent of wilderness of this region, author Wayne Moss explains: [2]

     “The spine of the Devil’s Backbone offers an impressive perspective of the empty valleys brim-full
of silence... At night, a shadow whispers across the silhouette of the rare weeping spruce tree, a shadow
that might be caused by the legendary Bigfoot. This is his country. There are no trails off the ridge into
any of the canyons. Why should there be? No one ever goes down into them, which perhaps explains
why a fabulous gold mine has been lost for a hundred years in one of them.”

   Like all treasure adventures, there are many dangers that may be encountered as Moss noted and
concluded in his 1991 article:

   “HAZARDS: Encounters with rattlesnakes and poison oak probable. Bigfoot a possibility. (Italics —
authors) Entire area is a designated wilderness area and should be respected as such.”
North American BioFortean Review                                                                   21
                 An Arizona Gold Mountain with a Questionable Wasteland Bigfoot?

   Like California, Arizona had more than its fair share of prospector’s tales of mountains of gold
nuggets that were found, only to be lost again in the trackless wastelands.

    One such post-Civil War tale describes a possible Bigfoot encounter amidst the arid Arizona desert.
Gold seeker survivor John Hix, a Missourian, arrived in Arizona in 1872 and teamed up with fellow
old-timer gold prospector by the name of “Jackass” Dobson. Traveling northeast until reaching Grand
Falls of the Little Colorado River, they followed the river for awhile. A short distance out of Flagstaff,
Dobson took his partner to a small Indian village. An Indian maiden called Shining Flow agreed to
accompany them to point out the location along a dry stream bed where much gold could be found.
During their journey she became concerned that the party was being followed but here the story
diverges into two different versions as given by two different authors.

   The first author in 1974 credited that what Shining Flow had seen was something in the desert
which she thought to be a very hairy, unshaven and unkempt man who she later saw again near their
camp. The “wild man” had long whiskers and hair down his back tangled with brush. [3]

   The second author gave more specific details of what transpires: [4]

    “However there was one thing about the girl that was puzzling to Hix and Dobson, for throughout
their trek across the wasteland, the girl claimed to hear sounds, as if someone were following them.
Too, she heard a soft sound, like smoothing talk, or was it simply the wind? In the evening shadows,
more than once, she claimed to see a ‘manlike creature’ slipping from bush to bush, as it watched
them. It ran on two feet like a man, yet was hairy and crouched like an animal, too, at times. She
glanced so often behind her that soon she had Hix and Dobson throwing an occasional look back over
their shoulder for the creature that was supposed to be stalking them. Still, Hix and Dobson never saw
anything unusual at all ... at least not then.”

    The second author had listed two reference sources to this lost gold tale (Western Treasure Lost
and Found by Roscoe; and A Guide to Treasure in Arizona by Tom Penfield). Which of these two
versions is the more correct one cannot be determined. One version indicates that a sabotaging
bushwacker may have been following them as later in their travel their waters bags were drained by
someone. This deadly act would ultimately caused both Shinning Flow and Dobson to later perish
during this gold expedition.

    The later second version suggest a “wild man”— either a feral human or possibly a sighting of a
Bigfoot? Thus this 1872 incident leaves much to conjecture as to what the correct explanation may be.

   Although Hix did find and manage to bring out some gold he was unable to locate the mountain
where these nuggets had came from. Never again did he seek out this lost gold treasure that cost his
companions their lives, and almost his own life, too.


               The Dean of America’s Treasure Hunters —@And a Supporter of Bigfoot.

    To the treasure hunters of the world, the name of Michael Paul Henson conjures up a man of many
talents: History buff, treasure researcher, seeker of the odd and unusual, maker of history... dreamer.

   Henson, who died of cancer on 18 March 1995, was one of the most prolific writers on lost treasure,
having written over 500 articles and some 13 books on this topic during his lifetime. Many of his articles
contained his own accounts of how he found many lost treasures, and also how he lost several
found-treasures.

    Through his treasure seeking adventures, Paul Henson also became interested in “offbeat” treasures
that he and others have been discovering for decades. These numerous archaeological anomalies
include such controversies as to why ancient coins from the height of the ancient Roman empire are
North American BioFortean Review                                                                   22
being found scattered throughout the United States; or where did ancient Celtic relics being plowed up
in cornfields come from; and even on the zoological controversy on Bigfoot by those treasure hunters
who claim to encounter them.

    Having since 1950 built up the largest collection of treasure sources in the world, Henson drew
upon them for information that he then quoted in his series of treasure articles that he regularly wrote.
[5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13]

     For nearly two decades Henson drew upon his private sources for a monthly treasure article. In this
series, one state of America would be chosen and brief summaries of that state’s lost treasures was
listed. Each state would be cited for 3-6 different treasure tales; of how the lost treasure was originally
buried or found and how ultimately it was relost; or the dangers that the original treasure seeker had
endured ... such as encounters with Bigfoot!

    In his 1993 state series on Wisconsin’s lost treasures, Henson related an odd tale about Wildmen/
Bigfoot that were inhabiting the most northern of the Apostle Islands as late as the 1880s!

    Located between northwestern Michigan and northern Wisconsin in Lake Superior, the Apostle
Islands are now part of the National Lakeshore. These islands have many lost treasure stories connected
with them according to author Steven Michaels’ Michigan Treasures. But the wildmen report came
from another source Henson quoted: [14]

   “The following came, in part, from the October-November 1961 issue of Prospectors Guide, a
publication devoted to treasure hunting.

   “While this mixture of gold discoveries and wild men called ‘Swalahists’ by the local Indians of the
1880s sounds like fiction, the white men in the story did exist, were prospectors and did find gold.

    “Somewhere near the headwaters of the South Sixes River in Curry County, there is a gold ledge on
Star Mountain near Benson Creek, in an area known as Star Gulch.

    “In 1861 an old prospector had a placer claim in the Gulch and wondered where the gold came
from, as it was coarse and had not traveled far. One day he got his gear together and worked his way up
Star Mountain at the head of Star Gulch.

   “Being old, progress was slow, so he chipped away at every likely looking outcropping that he
passed. Nightfall found him high on the mountain, so he made a dry camp.

   “Next morning, ‘Nugget Tom,’ as he was known, was up early to continue the search for the
outcropping. Later that day, as he was about to give up the search his hammer, he struck a piece of
quartz, rich in gold, which fell at his feet.

    “Filling his pack, Tom started for his cabin. As he neared it he sat down to rest near a steep cliff. And
that was all he could remember after a search party found him the next day, lying at the foot of the
steep cliff. He was badly broken up, but still alive, so they patched his broken bones as best they could.

    “One of the party who found him went through his pack and took out a piece of gold-ore quartz, the
richest he had ever seen. The old man, being unconscious, was unable to tell what had happened.

   “It was several days later that Tom was able to talk, but when asked about the location of the rich
specimens, he refused to tell anyone anything.

    “Next spring he again headed for the ledge where he had gotten the samples, but search as hard as
he could, he was never able to locate the deposit again. And for four years he searched the mountainside
in vain. Because the fall had affected his memory and he could not remember how he had gone up the
mountain, Tom gave up the search and left the country.

North American BioFortean Review                                                                      23
    “In the Spring of 1889, two prospectors, Benson and Robbins, decided to look for Tom’s lost ledge
in Star Gulch. They made a thorough search, finally finding a trace of gold where a spring fed the
stream during the rainy season. But on examining the ore, they learned it was not ‘Nugget Tom’s’
deposit. However, the ore was rich, so they continued to work it.

     “One day, while going back to their camp for lunch, Benson happened to look back, at the same
time pulling his gun, but not soon enough to stop a hairy creature from throwing all of their gear over a
cliff. Later they told that the beast was big and powerful, covered with yellow fuzz over the body. None
of their bullets seemed to affect it, as it vanished out of sight.

    “They sold their mine, but the new owners never worked it, even though rich ore was showing. No
one said so, but the reason may have been the rumors of wild men who lived on the mountain. In the
1870s four prospectors were mysterious killed in this area while prospecting. They are buried in a little
graveyard on Huckleberry Knoll near Bear Penn Flats.

    “Indian legends say that a lost tribe of Indian devils, called ‘Swalahists,’ inhabited this area, and it
was taboo for other people. Over the years, fear of these creatures has kept many prospectors and
lost-mine hunters out of the area.

   “This is a good site for a prospector who is not afraid of Indian legends to investigate.”

    In another article of his state treasure series, Henson told of the six treasure sites in Alaska, it was
the last that he gave the greatest amount of column space regarding the “Kooshdakas” that drove off
many of the gold prospectors of 1898: [15]

    “This story concerns a legend of hairy creatures the Indians called Kooshdakas, who scared early
treasure hunters away from the area of Crescent Lake on Thomas Bay.

   “Supposedly around 1900, an Indian showed to a white man named Charlie Stone, a chunk of gold
quartz he said he found in the area. Charlie and some friends made several attempts to find the ore
deposit but were supposedly chased away each time by the ‘hairy creatures’ inhabiting the area.

    “On one such trip Charlie was alone and claimed to have found the correct place and picked out
landmarks to guide him back to the spot. He picked out the largest tree, one about 40 feet to the right
of the gold-bearing ledge. Over the top of the tree he could see Frederick Sound, Cape of Strait Light,
and Point Vanderput at the mouth of Thomas Bay. To the left he saw the Sukio Islands and the mouth
of Wrangell Narrows. Turning half-way around, he sighted on some distant mountain peaks; below the
point was Crescent Lake.

    “The Indian had originally told Charlie how to get to the place where the gold was found. His
direction were, ‘Go up to the Bay of Death (as the Indians called Thomas Bay). Travel up right side of
Patterson River about eight miles and turn up toward the high country. Go a mile and a half to Halfmoon
Lake (Crescent Lake). Plenty gold there.’

    “Thomas Bay was called the Bay of Death by the Indians because several years earlier a huge
landslide had wiped out a native village of 500 inhabitants. Thomas Bay is northwesterly about 50 miles
from Wrangell. The bay is somewhat circular and about ten miles in length. On the southeast side is a
broad bight, a curve on the shoreline, extending eastward to the moraine of Patterson Glacier. The
Patterson River, formed by melting ice from the glacier, flows through the moraine and empties into
Thomas Bay.

    “Charlie returned to Wrangell after finding the correct place, showed the rich ore samples to his
partners, told the story of the ledge, then without any explanation, left for the United States and never
returned to Alaska.

   “Several hunters, in the quest for the gold quartz have (so the story goes) gone crazy from their
contact with the Kooshdakas and left the country, never to return, or to be heard from, again.
North American BioFortean Review                                                                     24
   “It would be interesting to investigate this site and learn what the ‘hairy creatures’ were.”

    Henson also wrote an article two years before his death in 1993. In this article Henson commented
about the many strange discoveries people had unwittingly uncovered during their pursuit of lost
treasures. One discovery mentions finding giant human or human-like skeletons!: [16]

    “While searching for a hidden cache of gold coins in 1975, Clel Smith of Pineville, Kentucky, found
a cave on the Kentucky-Tennessee state lines. Inside were numerous giant human bones. The University
of Tennessee assembled two complete skeletons from this cave which measured almost ten feet tall.”

   Unfortunately, Henson did not give any reference sources to this finding. But if true, could these
skeleton remains have been of possible Bigfoots that had died?


     Treasure Hunter from the 1960s — Seeking Lost Treasure and Bigfoot, But Finding Neither!

    Another treasure hunter who incorporated into his pursuits of locating lost treasures the search for
Bigfoot was John Seginski. Writing of his Bigfoot exploits from the perspective of the late 1960s when
the Bigfoot controversy was strongly sweeping across North America, he authored “Bigfoot — Man Or
Ape?” This was Seginski’s personal account of his two Bigfoot investigations to the Klamath River area
in Northern California to acquire hard evidence of Bigfoot existence, though finding nothing. Yet his
1968 field investigation had the groundbreaking distinction of being recognized as the very first article
on the Bigfoot subject to be published, in 1970, in a nationally distributed treasure magazine. Seginski
raised the question on whether there was existing in the American wilderness an unknown creature
that some described who had encountered them as either like a man or an ape. Recounting in his
1960s article what was then known from the reported Bigfoot sightings in the California-Oregon region,
he included his own personal investigations in northern California and Idaho: [17]

    “Last summer (1968 — authors) while I was camping in central Idaho, I asked several road crew
men and forest rangers if they had ever heard of a bigfoot creature. They all told me that two such
creatures had been sighted a few weeks earlier, near French Creek in central Idaho. They told me that
a logger had been drinking water from a stream, and when he looked up, there stood a bigfoot
creature. They said his color was light — not like the near black ones sighted in Northern California.”


                        Southern Pirate’s Treasures of the Gulf Of Mexico —
                   With the Water Ape of Louisiana and the Skunk-Ape of Florida.

    In 1988, Treasure magazine reprinted excerpts from the 1973 edition of Gulf South Journal in
connection to their lead article on Louisiana’s Honey Island lost early 19th century buccaneer treasures.
The Journal’s writers wrote about a local swamp monster that was said to be residing on Honey Island:
[18 ]

    ‘’Long regarded as one of the most primitive areas of the United States, the Honey Island Swamp is
a nature lover’s dream. The frog population, for example, is said to be the densest in any area of
comparative size in the world, and almost every known species of birds and animals native to the
South are believed to make their homes deep within the unbelievably thick growth. Such animals as
bear and wild boar, while seldom seen, are known to inhabit the area, because their tracks are often in
evidence.

   “And just about a week ago, another creature was added to the list of Honey Island dwellers, a
creature dubbed by the press ‘The Honey Island Monster.’

    “The ‘Monster’ story was aired by a local television news show when an experienced swamp guide
reported his powerboat struck something just beneath the surface of one of the bayous which weave
through the swamp like a network of webbing, woven by the fingers of nature eons ago. The guide said
he had rolled over the creature with the boat, causing the motor to ‘kick-up.’ The guide stopped the
North American BioFortean Review                                                                   25
boat, and searched for whatever it was he had hit, at first believing it to have been a turtle. Suddenly,
his companion sighted something emerging from the water behind them. ‘We turned around, and
coming out of the water was the animal, about five foot (tall), it was black, I couldn’t tell if it had hair or
if it was skin. It was running — it was on two legs.’

    “The guide related how the creature went up onto the bank and immediately disappeared into
the swamp.

    “The tracks made by the animal were described as fairly large, with five webbed toes.

    “Similar creatures have been reported from all parts of Louisiana, Mississippi and the Gulf Coast
area, and some years ago there was a sighting reported in the Lake Borgne area. Those familiar with
the Honey Island Swamp say it is a perfect spot for an unknown species of animal to remain unknown,
and speculate that there could be more than one type of unusual creature deep within its morass.”

    This lead-in promotion column helped introduce the feature article for that month’s issue, giving
the historical background for the numerous lost treasures secreted by roaming pirates and local
bandits throughout the 19th century. Nested between the east and west branches of the Pearl River,
Honey Island divides the river before its entry into Lake Borgne; as Louisiana lies to the west and the
Mississippi to the east. U. S. Highway 90 crosses its southern end, while most of the area to the north is
accessible by boat, being a salt marsh known as Honey Island Swamp. It is an inland island roughly 30
miles long and five miles wide at its broadest point and consists of 27,000 acres of alluvial plains,
twisting bayous, marsh, and grassy hummocks.

    From prior to the War of 1812, to after the Civil War, Honey Island was in constant use as a
depository for stolen and buried treasure caches. At the beginning of the 19th century, buccaneer
pirate Pierre Rameau plundered merchant vessels in the Gulf of Mexico and buried his loot on this
island. His buried treasures was estimated at (then) $450,000 in gold coins, in addition to precious gems.

    Other bandits consisted of John Murrell, said to have secreted a fortune in gold and silver coins.
Pirate Calico Dick stashed his loot on Honey Island also. Renegade James Copeland who from 1840-50
used the island as his hideout and to stash his caches. After the Civil War, ex-Confederate soldiers
plunder this region, leaving behind one cache of rifles and pistols hidden in an Honey Island cave.

   A few caches have been discovered: in 1907, a hunting party found $1,000 in Mexican coins.
Another old fisherman found a chain attached to a tree leading to the water’s edge; when dragged
ashore, a chest containing an unspecified amount of money was found. Other treasure troves may
have been found by others but never reported to the general public.

   This region is still almost as wild and forbidding as it was 2 centuries ago.[19] Honey Island is
inhabited, although very sparsely. Most of the land (as of 1969) was owned by a paper company which
engaged in timber cutting and reforestation; while smaller portions of the land was owned by various
hunting clubs and a few small farms. [20]

    In 1973 another Gulf of Mexico Bigfoot was sighted on Florida’s west coast. Floridian treasure hunter
Herb Goldberger wrote others who attempted to located the various buried treasures of the vicious
cutthroat buccaneer Jose Gasper. Buccaneer Gasper (later changing his name to Gasparilla), held a
reign of pirate terror for some 37 years in this Gulf of Mexico region. During his first eleven years as a
pirate in Florida waters he captured 36 ships resulting in millions of dollars of stolen booty. He
continued his preying upon Spanish shipping for another 26 more years, before making a fatal error in
1822 after pursuing a supposed British merchantmen, only to discover it was a decoy United States
naval vessel. In the ensuing naval battle, upon when Gasparilla realized that all was lost, he evaded
capture by wrapping an anchor around his waist and jumping into the sea. Thus ended his Florida
pirate dynasty of nearly four decades during which much human life was lost and much captured
treasure buried and never retrieved.

    During his decades of pirating, Gasparilla established his base on Cayo Pelau, lying 3 miles inside
North American BioFortean Review                                                                        26
Charlotte Harbor from Boca Grande on Gasparilla Island. It is in this mangrove island that his pirate loot
had been claimed to have been buried. Rumors — sustained by pirate markings found on the island
trees — gave indications of the potential locations of these lost treasures.

    What may also be on the island is an occasional visit of the Florida Yeti — the skunk-ape creature
that may be roaming from one mangrove island to another. Reports from that period of time were
coming from the west coast of Florida of this skunk-ape whose color was ranged from brown to black
and could easily amble from one island to another in ankle deep water during low tide.

    Goldberger heard from one treasure seeker that had twice visited the island seeking lost buried
treasure, that he ‘had a strange feeling I was being watched.’ And after his second attempt of treasure
hunting, simply abandoned any further attempts of going back to the island to seek any pirate treasure.
There was an unnervingness about this area that the treasure hunter did not wish to tempt. [21]


                   Back to the Northeast — A Treasure Dowser vs. a Maine Bigfoot
                                   (Or a Hoaxer in a Gorilla Suit?)

   In 1989, author and treasure hunter Bob Ater wrote of an unusual request that he had undertaken
and told in his “Doodle Bugging — Methods For The Modern Dowser” column for Treasure magazine.

   Ater was using the still mysterious phenomena of “Dowsing” to discover lost treasure caches.
Taking the position, ‘’If it works, use it,” even if it may seem strange or even impossible, Ater went
ahead and tried it.

    One method of dowsing concerns the “psychic imprint’’ that a trail of a person may leave after
burying a treasure. A “sensitive” dowser can track such a trail and Ater was one. He then related a
strange personal experience he had during a tracking.

   A few years prior (circa 1985) Ater was living in Maine. He was quite familiar with the local news
reports of a “gorilla” (some refer also as possibly Bigfoot) running wild in the local area. This beast was
seen near the edge of his town but disappeared into the woods after the local residents observed it.
Rumor ran rampant that it might be Bigfoot. Ater contacted a police officer and offered to track the
animal using his dowsing abilities. His services were accepted and he was driven to a remote cemetery
where the “gorilla” was seen the day previous. Ater requested to be left alone in the cemetery for half-
an-hour and then for the officer to pick him up.

    Using an “L” type swing dowsing rod, he stood alone in the cemetery center trying to determine the
path the “gorilla” had made. This area was surrounded by thick woods with no houses or other
structures nearby. His dowser indicated a presence to the rear of the cemetery, leading him down an
embankment, than back toward the cemetery again. At the embankment’s edge, a deep footprint was
found, much bigger than an ordinary’s man. A young and sturdy sapling was growing there, and
something had as someone grasped it to pull itself up the incline. Placing his own foot in the creature’s
footprint and grasping the small tree, he pulled himself up in the same manner.

   Back in the cemetery, Ater continued dowsing the trail which led to the far side of a cleared area,
across the road and into the woods on the other side. This wooded area was a jumble of tangled
vegetation, but the trail soon came to an area where many tall pines were growing. The ground
beneath was thick with a pine needles layer. Here, more large and deep footprints were found. At this
point, Ater realized that he may have placed himself in jeopardy if he was dealing with a wild creature,
and decided to head back toward the road.

   On the way back to town, they heard a police radio report that the gorilla had been just spotted in
another location. Driving immediately to that location, they were met by several other police officers
and eyewitnesses. After a short conference, they headed into the woods in the direction that the
creature had been seen going. They went for a block or more, but found nothing.

North American BioFortean Review                                                                    27
   This incident was later cited as a hoax when a local costume company reported that a customer
had rented a gorilla suit and then failed to return it. It was accepted that whoever this culprit was, he
had fooled everyone.

    Ater concluded from his dowsing experience that this was simply a man running around in a gorilla
suit. Yet this explanation is too pat for the more experienced cryptozoological investigator who has
seen similar Bigfoot incidents in which it is later claimed that the rational explanation for what was
reported was a hoaxer running around scaring people in a monkey suit. [22]

    Though it is possible that this Maine incident was a hoax, there are too many inconsistencies in
his account to accept this as being the correct explanation. If one takes into account all of these
inconsistencies — the description of the deep footprints found; the use of a sapling tree as a level to
pull whatever up an incline; the tangled vegetation it went through —@they are more typical of the
movements of a wild beast than some hoaxer running around in a gorilla suit! For such a hoaxer would
have deliberately placed himself in potential harm’s way, as Maine is noted for their large number of
gun-toting hunting inhabitants, and would easily become a large shooting target by some frightened
individual protecting himself; or a shoot-first, look-at-it-later, hunter.

    This explanation of a hoaxer in a gorilla suit may itself not be truthful, and simply given out to calm
the local residents. Or even if there was an actual gorilla suit hoaxer, the hoaxer may have been prompted
to do the hoaxing after hearing of the initial news reports as the local gorilla/Bigfoot accounts became
widely known.

   In this instance, there is a strong possibility that a series of Bigfoot sightings were happening in
Maine, and should be carefully considered.


             To Those Seeking Lost Treasure — But Finding the Hazard of Bigfoot Instead

    In the quest of the anthropological mystery that is commonly called “Bigfoot” or “Sasquatch,” it is
without realization both on the part of the treasure seekers and Bigfoot investigators that their two
different pursuits actually are overlapping each other. The treasure hunter seeking non-living non-moving
materialistic treasures; the Bigfoot investigator seeking a living and moving biological treasure of zoology.

    Both different groups in their respective quests utilize the same local, the wilderness areas of North
America. And it is a fact that there are far more treasure hunters than Bigfoot seekers, going into
regions where the last white man or native Indian had trekked a century or more ago trying to find
a lost treasure. And because of the higher number of treasure seekers, there is a greater chance of
an encounter with Bigfoot. These encounters are not becoming generally known because of the
secretiveness of the treasure hunters who do not want others to know they are in these regions seeking
lost treasures.

    An alliance of these two different groups would benefit greatly the Bigfoot hunter with sightings of
these mysterious creatures.


REFERENCES:

1) Masters, Al. August 1981. California’s Fabled Gold Lake. Treasure Search 9(4): 12-16, 64.
2) Moss, Wayne F. April 1991. The Lost Ledge — Gold On Devil’s Backbone. Treasure 22(4): 34-37.
3) Mason, Frank. Winter 1974. The Mountain That Disappeared. Gold! (9): 68-69, 70, 72.
4) Duffy, Howard M. December 1977. The Disappearing Mountain Treasure. Treasure Search 5(6): 46-48.
5) Henson, Michael Paul. January 1981. Question & Answers. Lost Treasure 6(2): 12.
6) Henson, Michael Paul. February 1981. Questions & Answers. Lost Treasure 6(3): 12.
7) Henson, Michael Paul. June 1987. Questions & Answers. Lost Treasure p. 54.
8) Whetsell-Varner, Carla. June 1991. Dean Of Treasure Hunters. Treasure 22(6): 29-31, 85.
9) deMorest, Elizabeth Marie. June/July 1994. Who’s Who — Michael Paul Henson. Treasure Facts pp. 14-17.

North American BioFortean Review                                                                      28
10) Harris, Lee H. June 1995. Michael Paul Henson — The Treasure Hunter’s Treasure Hunter. Lost Treasure p. 7.
11) Hinds, Andre. July 1995. X Marks The Spot — We’re All Richer, Thanks To Michael Paul. Lost Treasure p. 7.
12) Baker, Jerry L. November 1995. Letters To The Editor. Lost Treasure p. 56.
13) Hinds, Andre. May 1998. The Home Page — Discover Michael Paul Henson’s Secret. Lost Treasure. p. 61.
14) Henson, Michael Paul. May 1993. Wisconsin — Treasures With Intrigue. Lost Treasure pp. 43-46.
15) Henson, Michael Paul. October 1990. North to ...! — Alaska! Lost Treasure pp. 50-51. 53-54.
16) Henson, Michael Paul. May 1993. Strange Treasures. Lost Treasure p. 34.
17) Seginski, John. March 1970. Bigfoot — Man Or Ape? Western Treasures 5(2): 24-27.
18) Williams, Jim. February 1988. The Editor’s Desk — The Honey Island Monster. Treasure 19(2): 4, 15.
19) Douglas, Hal. February 1988. Louisiana’s Honey Island. Treasure 19(2): 52-54.
20) Kiedrowski, Leonard P. July-August 1969. Louisiana’s Treasure Island. True Treasure 3(4): 17-19.
21) Goldberger, Herb. Winter 1974. The Ghost Of Cayo Pelau. Gold! (9): 15, 45.
22) Ater, Bob. June 1989. Doodle Bugging — Following The Gorilla. Treasure 20(6): 28, 77.


                                   Treasure Caches & Bigfoot Hazards

No.     Date            Location                Treasure                 Bigfoot Characteristics

1)      Early 1840s     High Sierra region,     gold nuggets             “Terrible demon”;
                        California                                       cannibalistic

2)      1872            Area before Little      gold deposits            Whiskers and hair on neck;
                        Colorado River,                                  or hairy “man-like” creature,
                        Coconino County,                                 ran on 2 legs;
                        Arizona                                          feral human?

3)      1889            Apostle Islands,        gold deposit             Wildmen called “Swalahists”;
                        Ashland County,                                  big and powerful;
                        Wisconsin                                        covered with yellow fuzz
                                                                         over body
4)      Circa 1900      Area of Crescent        gold quartz              Hairy creatures called
                        Lake on Thomas Bay,                              “Kooshdaks”
                        Alaska

5)      1960s           Lake Borgne area,       —————                    —————
                        St. Bernard County,
                        Louisiana

6)      1968 summer     Near French Creek,      —————                    Light in color
                        Idaho County,
                        Idaho
7)      Prior 1973      Honey Island,           1800-1870s               5 foot tall, ran on two legs;
                        St. Tammy County,       pirate caches;           black coloration; fairly
                        Louisiana               post-Civil War           large tracks with five
                                                bandits loot             webbed toes

8)      Prior 1973      Cayo Pelau Island,      1780s-1822               Ape-like creature;
                        Charlotte County,       buccaneer                coloration brown to black;
                        Florida                  treasures               skunk-like smell
9)      1975            Kentucky-Tennessee      gold coins               Giant human bones;
                        state line              cache                    measured almost 10 feet tall
10)     Circa 1985      Maine                   —————                    Possibly Bigfoot?;
                                                                         hoaxer in gorilla suit?
11)     1990            Devil’s Backbone        lost gold                Bigfoot available;
                        ridge,                  mine                     occupational hazard
                        Humboldt-Trinity                                 if encountered
                        County,
                        California


North American BioFortean Review                                                                         29
                                A Sampling of U.K. Mermaid Folklore
                                              Chad Arment


     The folklore of mermaids is too often tied to misidentification of sirenians in popular literature.
While no investigator suggests that misidentifications do not occur, more often than not they are based
on pinnipeds or optical illusions. The merfolk tales of the United Kingdom are a good case in point.
Obviously, there are no known dugongs inhabiting the offshore waters of Great Britain. Still, we see
some interesting sightings which point to a biological source rather than pure imagination. Three of the
following tales describe two variants of the folk-mermaid, while the fourth illustrates how easily a hoax
can be played out.


                                          “A Story of a Mermaid

       “The following curious story is related in a lively and agreeable work entitled A Tour to
   Milford Haven in the Year 1791, written in a series of letters by a lady of the name of Morgan, and
   published in London by John Stockdale in the year 1795. Mrs. Morgan appears to have been a
   lady of an elegant and cultivated mind, and to have mingled with the best society of
   Pembrokeshire during her sojourn in what was then almost a terra incognita to an English-
   woman. In her forty-third letter, addressed to a lady, and dated Haverfordwest, Sept. 22, Mrs.
   Morgan says:—

            “’If you delight in the marvellous, I shall now present you with a tale that is truly so;
       and yet, from the simple and circumstantial manner in which it was told by the person
       who believed he saw what is here related, one would almost be tempted to think there
       was something more than imagination in it. However, I will make no comments upon
       the matter, but give it you exactly as I copied it from a paper lent me by a young lady
       who was educated under the celebrated Mrs. Moore, and who has acquired a taste for
       productions of the pen, and likewise for whatever may be deemed curious. Mrs. M——
       inquired of the gentleman who took down the relation from the man’s own mouth, a
       physician of the first respectability, what credit might be given to it. He said the man
       was of that integrity of character, and of such simplicity also, that it seemed difficult to
       believe he should be either able or willing to fabricate this wonderful tale. Farther the
       doctor was silent, and so am I.
            “’Henry Reynolds, of Pennyhold, in the parish of Castlemartin in the county of
       Pembroke, a simple farmer, and esteemed by all who knew him to be a truth-telling
       man, declares the following most extraordinary story to be an absolute fact, and is willing,
       in order to satisfy such as will not take his bare word for it, to swear to the truth of the
       same. He says he went one morning to the cliffs that bound his own lands, and form a
       bay near Linny Stack. From the eastern end of the same he saw, as he thought, a person
       bathing very near the western end, but appearing, from almost the middle up, above
       water. He, knowing the water to be deep in that place, was much surprized at it, and
       went along the cliffs, quite to the western end, to see what it was. As he got towards it,
       it appeared to him like a person sitting in a tub. At last he got within ten or twelve yards
       of it, and found it then to be a creature much resembling a youth of sixteen or eighteen
       years of age, with a very white skin, sitting in an erect posture, having, from somewhat
       about the middle, its body quite above the water; and directly under the water there
       was a large brown substance, on which it seemed to float. The wind being perfectly
       calm, and the water quite clear, he could see distinctly, when the creature moved, that
       this substance was part of it. From the bottom there went down a tail much resembling
       that of a large Conger Eel. Its tail in deep water was straight downwards, but in shallow
       water it would turn it on one side. The tail was continually moving in a circular manner.
       The forms of its body and arms was entirely human, but its arms and hands seemed
       rather thick, and short in proportion to its body. The form of the head, and all the features
       of the face, were human also; but the nose rose high between its eyes, was pretty long,
North American BioFortean Review                                                                        30
       and seemed to terminate very sharp. Its head was white like its body, without hair; but
       from its forehead there arose a brownish substance, of three or four fingers’ breadth,
       which turned up over its head, and went down over its back, and reached quite into the
       water. This substance did not at all resemble hair, but was thin, compact, and flat, not
       much unlike a ribbon. It did not adhere to the back part of its head, or neck, or back; for
       the creature lifted it up from its neck, and washed under it. It washed frequently under
       its arms and about its body; it swam about the bay, and particularly round a little rock
       which Reynolds was within ten or twelve yards of. He staid about an hour looking at it.
       It was so near him, that he could perceive its motion through the water was very rapid;
       and that, when it turned, it put one hand into the water, and moved itself round very
       quickly. It never dipped under the water all the time he was looking at it. It looked
       attentively at him and the cliffs, and seemed to take great notice of the birds flying over
       its head. Its looks were wild and fierce; but it made no noise, nor did it grin, or in any
       way distort its face. When he left it, it was about an hundred yards from him; and when
       he returned with some others to look at it, it was gone. This account was taken down by
       Doctor George P—— of Prickerston, from the man’s own mouth, in presence of many
       people, about the latter end of December, 1782.’

      “The physician who took down the foregoing statement from the mouth of the eyewitness,
   was George Phillips, M.D., of Haverfordwest, a gentleman of high social position.

                                                      “John Pavin Phillips.”

                                      From: Notes and Queries, 2nd Series, IX, May 12, 1860.


                                           Mer-Folk in 1814

      The three following accounts are copied from an old scrapbook of newspaper cuttings for
   1775-1814, which is in my possession:—

                                                “Mermaid.
            Extract of a letter, dated Ardsheal, Argyllshire 2nd August curt. (14 miles from Fort
       William).
            Our curiosity has been greatly excited by the appearance of a Mermaid on this coast.
       I daresay you will give an incredulous smile; but really we have had such distinct
       accounts of it from different people, that we can have no doubt of the fact, though we
       are all very anxious, you may be sure, to have ocular demonstration.––
            The last time she was seen is nearly a fortnight ago; since that the weather has been
       very stormy. When it settles we may have a chance of seeing, or at least having more
       accounts of this strange animal, which I hope has not left our shores.
            “It is some time since she was first seen, very early one morning, by a lad lying on
       the shores of Ardsheal. He was at a considerable distance, and thought it was some
       person hiding himself in the sea weed, with an intention of frightening him, but on
       coming nearer he saw that though the upper part was like a human being, the lower
       part was like an immense fish. He was so frightened that he ran off; and when he
       mentioned what he had seen, people only laughed at him, and thought no more about
       it. Near a month afterwards some children were gathering blackberries, on the top of a
       rock immediately above the sea, about a mile further down than Ardsheal; they thought
       that they saw a woman drowning, and trying to get on the rock; some of them ran home
       to tell, and the rest staid to see what would become of the woman as they thought; but,
       on looking more attentively, they discovered that it was not a human being; they gave a
       very distinct account of what they saw. The upper part was exactly like a woman, the
       skin appeared very white, and a good deal of colour in the cheeks, and a very darkish
       looking hair; the arms were very well proportioned above, but tapered very much
       towards the hands, which were no larger than a child’s of eight or ten years old, the tail
North American BioFortean Review                                                                     31
       was like an immense large cuddy fish or scith [?saithe], in colour and shape. By the
       time the people of the farm came, it was about a gunshot from the shore, sitting quite
       upright on the water. One of the men proposed to shoot her, but the rest opposed this,
       so he did not do it; he whistled, on which she turned round, but did not go away; she
       remained in sight about two hours, at times making a hissing noise like a goose. When
       she disappeared she laid herself very gently down on the water, and swam away, the
       head only appearing above the water. She was seen a little distance from the shore
       twice after this, always early in the morning and when the sea was calm.”” [York
       Chronicle, 1st Sept., 1814.]


                               “To the Editor of the Caledonian Mercury.
            Sir—As the existence of mermaids is a point that had long been disputed of adhuc
       sub judice lis est, and as it may contribute in some degree to settle a point of so great
       importance to the naturalist, I send you the following account, which I received from
       two fishermen residing at Port Gordon, a small fishing village in that parish, whom I
       believe to be of undoubted veracity, and respectable enough in their station of life. As
       these men (Thomas Johnstone and William Gordon) were returning from their fishing,
       about three or four o’clock yesterday afternoon, about a quarter of a mile from the
       shore, the sea being perfectly calm, they observed, at a small distance from their boat,
       with its back towards them, and half its body above the water, a creature of a tawney
       colour, appearing like a man sitting with his body somewhat bent. Surprized at this,
       they approached towards him till they came within a few yards, when the noise made
       by the boat occasioned the creature to turn about, which gave the men a better
       opportunity of observing him. His countenance was swarthy; his hair short and curled,
       of a colour between a green and a grey; he had small eyes, a flat nose, his mouth was
       large, and his arms of an extraordinary length. Above the waist he was shaped like a
       man, but, as the water was clear, my informants could perceive that, from the waist
       downwards, his body tapered considerably; or, as they expressed it, like a large fish
       without scales, but they could not see the extremity. The men, however, had not long
       time to observe him, for, after looking steadfastly at them for about a quarter of a minute,
       he suddenly dived, but rose again at some distance from the boat, accompanied by
       another, whom the men supposed to be a female, as they could perceive she had breasts,
       and her hair was not curled, but reached to a little below the shoulders; the skin of this
       last one too was fairer than the other’s. By this time the men had become considerably
       alarmed, and made to shore as fast as possible, and for some time they could perceive
       the mermaids looking after them. Soon after their arrival they called on me, and gave
       the above account, without the slightest variation, between them; which, if you think
       proper, I shall be glad to see in your paper as soon as convenient.

                                             I am, Sir, your’s, &c.,
                                                     Geo. McKenzie, Schoolmaster
                                      School-House of Raffan, Aug. 16, 1814.”
                                                              [York Chronicle, 1st Sept., 1814.]


                                            “A Mermaid Hoax.
           Some facetious wag, desirous of discovering what number of simple fry could be
       taken in this neighbourhood (Belfast) baited a hook so dexterously on Saturday last,
       (the 1st inst.) that he succeeded in making a great haul the next day. For this purpose he
       dressed up a very plausible story respecting a Mermaid having been taken alive and
       brought on shore at Portmuck, Island-Magee, where it was kept in a boat filled with salt
       water for the inspection of the curious. Minute particulars were stated, and the names
       of several respectable persons were given who had seen it—To finish the deception,
       the letter was signed Wm. McClelland, who stated himself to have been very active in
       taking this rare fish; assisted by other two person, and a water-dog. The circumstances
       thus detailed were transmitted in a letter addressed to the Editor of the Belfast Chronicle,
North American BioFortean Review                                                                      32
       bearing the Carrickfergus post mark, and was inserted in that paper on Saturday; the
       Editor, however, very properly stating how he had received it, and leaving the public to
       judge for themselves. The wag gained his point, the bait was greedily swallowed, and
       the Mermaid was, even in these gloomy times, the whole subject of conversation through
       the day. The most fastidious sceptics gave in, and no on accused his neighbour of
       credulity, for the facts were so distinctly stated that the veracity of William McClelland
       could not be doubted. Next morning all was bustle; gigs, coaches, carts, equestrians
       and pedestrians thronged the roads for many miles round, so attractive were the charms
       of this sea-nymph. Arrived at the wished for spot, every one enquired for the Mermaid.
       The people there looked at their visitors with astonishment, and wondered what they
       meant. The crowd continuing to increase still the wonder grew till the dupes of the
       stratagem becoming ashamed of their credulity, looked on each other with such a
       vacant stare, as to exhibit the most ludicrous picture imaginable. Each man blushed for
       himself, and the simple ninnies withdrew from the risible scene, vowing the most
       terrible vengeance on William McClelland and printer’s devil. Their penance however,
       did not finish here, for those who returned by Carrickfergus had to pass through a long
       lane of inhabitants, who cheered them with loud huzzas, preceding their march with a
       large codfish and a horse’s tail hung to its back. And so ended the wonderful story of
       Wm. McClelland’s Mermaid.” [Manchester Express, 15th Oct., 1814.]


                               From: A. R. Wright. 1929. Mer-Folk in 1814. Folklore 40(1): 87-90.


    One aspect of the historical “debunking” of mermaid reports that has always annoyed me is the
persistent claim that this phenomena is invariably based on ordinary species. Carrington, for example,
in his Mermaids and Mastodons [1961, Scientific Book Guild, London], tries to implicate the common
harbor seal (Phoca vitulina) and the Atlantic grey seal (Halichoerus grypus) as the primary candidates
for U.K. mermaid reports. What he overlooks entirely in his haste to disavow half-human, half-fish
monsters, is the possibility that these individuals were seeing pinnipeds of a different sort altogether.
Certainly, the presence of a wandering Arctic species (known or unknown) would be more likely to
trigger an individual’s sense of wonder than a perpetually common species of seal..

    A few known, but rare, wanderers to British waters noted on the British Marine Life Study Society’s
website [http://ourworld.compuserve.com/homepages/BMLSS/seals1.htm] include the bearded seal
(Erignathus barbatus), ringed seal (Phoca hispida), hooded seal (Cystophora cristata), and walrus
(Odobenus rosmarus ). Of these, the bearded seal is a distinct possibility in certain merman or
mermaid sightings.


                                     Mermaids? [Common Seals]

North American BioFortean Review                                                                    33
                                     The Legend of the I’iga Yaaga
                                              Debbie Hynes


    There is a legend in Australia about a creature called a Yowie which is said to be closely similar to
North America’s Sasquatch and similar legendary entities, such as the Yeti, from elsewhere around the
world. The Yowie is said to come in 2 different types. There is a large, approximately 2 metre tall, “hairy
hominid” very like Sasquatch and a smaller, approximately 1 to 1.5 metre tall, creature known in
folklore as a Brown Jack.

    The story is not a European invention. The legend comes from the Koories, the Australian aboriginal
people, whose own mythology relates how once there were two “nations” in Australia, namely the
aboriginal people themselves and the “others,” the Doolargarl. A long time ago a great forest covered
the world and it shielded the Earth and its inhabitants from the scorching heat of the sun. The forest,
which indeed was a sort of aboriginal Eden, was home to giant animals as well as the People and the
Doolargarl alike. But then there came a day when the waters that sustained the forest-world dried up
and the trees and great animals all died. Blame for this catastrophe is generally ascribed to the People’s
misdeeds. In the aftermath of the great dying there began a long war between the Doolargarl and the
“People.” However, the People were more cunning and they slew most of the Doolargarl. Eventually a
Serpent sent a devastating flood and only a few of the “People” survived. The tale is a creation myth of
the type told by native peoples the world over. Indeed it appears to have themes in common with
Judaeo-Christian stories from the Book of Genesis. The story varies in detail across the Australian continent
but the above outline, I think, encapsulates the essential elements of it.


                                                The Quest

    For several years I have taken an interest in reports of possible relict Pleistocene fauna and other
“out of place” animals in Australia. It would be a wonderful thing if putatively extinct animals such as,
for example, the Thylacine were to be found still alive. Foreign big cats, if shown to be established in
Australia, would also be of very great scientific interest. To further these ends I maintain a web site, The
Quest for Thylacoleo, www.thylacoleo.com, which tells of my travels and doings. In the course of the
project I inevitably hear the stories of Yowies and the Brown Jacks which are told in remote areas of
mountain and desert. But “tall tales” demand evidence and so I tended to regard the legend of Australia’s
unknown hominid as part of “bush folklore” and have never paid it much notice.

    However, about 18 months ago I heard an extraordinary tale that not only asserts that such
creatures do in fact exist but also tells of their origin. Whether the mere assertion of the existence of
relict hominids or the bizarre account of how they come into the world is the more extraordinary I shall
leave to the reader to judge.

    In the course of pursuing the Quest for Thylacoleo, I became acquainted with a man who has lived
in the Australian Outback since the 1950’s, where he spent most of his working life as a professional
shooter/hunter. He knows the aboriginal people and their legends pretty well. This is the story he told.

    He has a cousin who married a full blood woman of the Adnyamathanha back in the ’60s. There
was great prejudice against interracial marriages in those days but, in spite of all that, his cousin and his
wife stayed together and they grew old together.

    By the late 1970s they had bought a “station” (=cattle/sheep farm) a little to the north of the
northern tip of the Flinders Ranges in South Australia. It is remote desert country, harsh and unforgiving
and little populated. One day she and her husband and a stockman were in the cattle yard when all of
a sudden one of these Brown Jacks, or Little Grey People as the local whites call them, walked into the
yard where they were. The wife was affected so violently that she collapsed. Her husband and the
stockman chased after it but, as these things are extremely quick, it escaped.

North American BioFortean Review                                                                      34
                                             Flinders Range

    When she recovered somewhat I suppose she felt that, given the circumstances, an explanation
was called for. So she told the story of her life before her marriage. Normally these matters are not
allowed to be disseminated to “outsiders.” They’re not even supposed to be revealed to non-initiated
tribal members.

    Aboriginal religious/traditional beliefs are animist in nature. That is to say, they attribute natural
phenomena to the presence of sentient spirits who inhabit virtually every part of the physical world.
Stones and rock formations, water holes and trees, animals, mountains and sky all have their resident
spirits or devils who influence human fortune. Aboriginal beliefs also have a totemic aspect in that
individuals are assigned a sort of identity with particular features of the land or specific animals or
plants. Tribal and personal totems are thought to afford not only a sense of identity and oneness with
the Land but also to offer protection against the baleful influence of numerous spirit-devils. Strict
attention to ritual and compliance with very intricate tribal laws are highly necessary to secure such
protection.

    Aboriginal people’s beliefs appear, to an outsider at least, to
be revealed in three levels. Firstly, there are the “public domain”
themes about spirit beings like the Rainbow Serpent, the Lightning
Brothers, the Wandjina and so on who tend to be actors in
aboriginal creation myths. Anybody can read about them in
(white) books. Secondly, there is the “black magic” level, which
deals with such matters as Kadaitcha sorcery and secret
T’churinga lore. Then there’s the third and most secret level: it
appears this came to light in the stockyard.

   The reason she was so shocked by the sight of the creature
was that she recognised it as her son.

    When she was young, back in the 1940s, she embarked upon
a relationship with a young man with whom she was forbidden
to have anything to do. Tribal aboriginal marriage laws were
extremely complicated and they forbade certain unions altogether.


North American BioFortean Review                                                                   35
    In the “good old days” before European incursions into the Outback, the penalty for transgressors
in these matters was death. However, since the coming of white law they have had to ease off a little
and banishment became more usual.

     Readers should realise that it took until the 1940s to subjugate the entirety of Central Australia.
Aboriginal tribes of the desert resisted fiercely the takeover of their lands and the destruction of their
way of life and beliefs. They prosecuted a low level guerilla war that lasted from when the Whites
arrived in the Red Centre in the late 19th century up till the 1930s - 40s.3 It is an episode that receives
scant recognition in official histories. The conflict pitted spears against bullets yet the natives were able
to hold out for so long because they were brave and tenacious and the desert was their friend. The
more successful spearsmen of the inland tribes were celebrated heroes among their people and
stories of their exploits travelled widely. White police/troopers were still being killed right up until
the end but wholesale massacre and the seizure of native children by missionaries with help from
armed police finally secured White victory. Australia is sometimes called the “Lucky Country” but another
appellation is the “Secret Country” because of our tendency to gloss over and bury in forgetfulness the
less savoury aspects of our history. Even now, as a visitor, one feels one is an outsider in certain parts.
I find it somewhat unsettling, as an Australian, to come upon road signs in the Outback that are written
in two languages. I suppose it’s because there is so much I was never told about the history of my country.

    Anyway, to return to our narrative. A child was born of their union but it was no human child. It was
one of the “Grey Creature” beings. As the mother’s story unfolded, it became clear that one reason for
the complicated marriage taboos was to prevent just such births occurring. It seems that the genes
which produce these creatures are embedded in the human genome and, among tribal people certain
marriages can bring them out and cause an “atavistic birth.” It was the task of tribal matriarchs to keep
track of family lines and rule on who can marry whom.

    However, as in all human affairs, there was a certain amount of “rule breaking” and such births did
occur from time to time. When it happened some tribes killed the “baby” outright: others took them
and abandoned them in certain places in the hills where they might be found, and perhaps cared for,
by others of their kind. That’s why these beings are called Hill People in the local Koorie tongue: they
are the I’iga Yaaga. Anyhow, that is supposedly “The Secret” in aboriginal secret folklore.

   In this case the babe was duly abandoned to its fate and the mother was expelled from her tribe,
cursed and never readmitted.

    It’s already most bizarre tale I ever heard, by a long shot. However, it gets weirder still.


North American BioFortean Review                                                                      36
    These “Grey People” are described as standing about 1 metre tall, they don’t have language, they
can’t make fire but they can make simple tools from stones, tree branches and so on. They walk
bipedally, exactly in the manner of humans, but they are covered in hair from head to foot except for
the face, hands and soles of their feet. Their skin is ebony black and their faces are “anthropoid” with
prominent brow ridges, a low forehead and prognathic jaw. Curiously, I have not heard accounts of
them producing children among themselves and so it is possible that they are sterile. If that is the case
then the implications vis-a-vis the sustainability of such a population are obvious.

    The really odd part of the yarn, and I find it hard to imagine anyone thinking to add this wrinkle, is
that these creatures are said to live significantly longer than “normal” humans. It had been nearly 40
years since her “son” was born but when she saw it again, in the 1970s, although it was adult by then it
was still relatively youthful looking.

   The part that’s intriguing is that hybrids usually are bigger, stronger and live longer than either
parent of different species. For example, the mule usually lives 25% - 50% longer than either a horse or a
donkey. However, hybrids generally pay a price for their increased vigour in the form of reduced fertility.

   So, the scenario that is implied by this yarn is that atavistic hominid creatures may actually arise
from human stock and that they may live for perhaps twice as long as we do. Perhaps even longer —
who knows? One wonders who on Earth would think up a twist in the tale like that — if the story were
pure invention, that is?


                                               What are they?

     First of all we must ask if the tale is total fantasy. The easy course would be to answer in the
affirmative and dismiss the entire narrative.

    The legend of the Brown Jack, or the Grey People in the specific case of the Flinders Ranges, appears to
be widespread in remote deserts and mountains of Australia. If it is a fantasy it has a lot of currency. In any
case, Europeans continue to report sightings up till the present. It’s not unknown for foreign hikers, whom
one might expect to be ignorant of local legends, to stumble into Leigh Creek or Parachilna or other
towns on the outskirts of the Ranges in an agitated state after an encounter with a “Little Grey Person”
in the hills. Are they hallucinating? Are they deliberate liars? Or did they really see something?

  Secondly, if we make the bold assumption that there is a kernel of truth in the yarn, we need to ask 5
whether there is some sort of sociological explanation for the persistence of this strange belief.

   For one thing, one might ask how the mother could have known that the creature was her son, if it
was taken from her at birth? 5 Surely it’s more than likely that the sight of such a creature revived the
memory and she then assumed that this particular one must have been her son? 5

    On the other hand, it’s not as if these creatures disappear never to be seen again once they are
disposed of as infants in the wilderness. Those that survive are said to live in groups in the hills,
although there are supposedly not so many as in former times on account of outside genetic influence
over the last 60 or so years. Consequently travellers in remote parts do see them now and then. Since
the mother continued to live on the fringes of her former domain it’s plausible she may have seen the
creature, and others like it, from time to time. Possibly it even followed her from place to place over the
years, eventually becoming her own private nemesis?

    Another aspect to consider is that “abnormal” births may perhaps be incorporated into traditional
beliefs. Tribal peoples presumably lacked the perspective of scientific systematics 5 and so whenever a
birth defect was observed, the aberrancy may have been attributed to the I’iga Yaaga legend. That is a
plausible scenario. On the other hand, the legend appears to describe a consistent set of morphological
features that remain stable from generation to generation. Not, in other words, the spread of different
genetic defects and syndromes which, tragically, are produced by damaged genes.

North American BioFortean Review                                                                        37
                                              The Journey

    In late 2002 an opportunity arose to travel to the Flinders Ranges and look into these and other
riddles at first hand. The Australian Outback is extremely hazardous. Daytime summer temperatures
regularly rise above 50 °C, water is the difference between life and death and modern civilisation is but
thinly spread. Help may not be available if something goes wrong, especially if the traveller ventures off
road as we did. Our objective was to visit a certain remote valley in the rugged Gamons at the very
northern tip of the Flinders Ranges where we had been told a colony of I’iga Yaaga lived.The country is
said to be too difficult even for a modern 4WD vehicle to penetrate. So the plan was leave the vehicle
and walk for two days into the supposed heart of their territory.There we were to bivouac for several
nights, with cameras at the ready, and wait upon events. But disaster almost struck our expedition
when the tyres of our Nissan Patrol began to be shredded by the razor sharp stones which are prolific
in the region and we were forced to turn back.

    Before we had to beat our retreat however, we reached Red Gorge in the northern Flinders Ranges
where we came upon large panels of rock art. Some of these are reportedly very ancient. Rock
engravings of the style found in Red Gorge occur throughout the Olary-Panamaritee-Karolta -Flinders
Ranges region have been dated, by means of radiocarbon and cation-ratio techniques, at 30,000 to
40,000 years before present. 1 There were numerous engravings, numbering perhaps several thousand,
and they featured a wide variety of wildlife as well as representations of people. Some of the animals
depicted appear to be of animals extant in the Holocene, while other designs appeared to represent
now extinct megafauna from the Pleistocene.


                                 The I’iga Yaaga Depicted in Rock Art?

     There are many images of humanoid beings who appear to possess an enlarged torus about the
eyes but no visible cranium. They are depicted with diminutive bodies, often with intagliated markings
which are usually taken to indicate fur or hair in the engravings of “normal” fauna. The carving shown
here is an interesting example. The eyes are bored deep into the rock, producing the illusion that they
follow the observer about. Faint lines of the torus can be seen above and to the sides of the eyes. There
appears to be a tiny skull suspended or held by the creature at waist level by its left side. The overall
effect is highly unsettling, even sinister. This particular engraving is very much worn down and shiny
with desert varnish. It appears to be among the oldest of the works.

    Images such as this are utterly unlike traditional
aboriginal artistic themes and motifs. Who made them,
and how long ago may be impossible to say. Could they
represent the “others,” that is to say, could they be
renderings of an encounter long ago with human-
cousins not of our kind? Could this very gorge be one of
the refugia, well watered and blessed with abundant
game, where both our kind and their kind saw out the
great dying at the close of the Pleistocene?

    Some of the images depict human feet alongside
giant human-like tracks with grotesquely clawed toes.
Indeed engravings of human tracks come in a range of
sizes from pygmies up to true giants. It is hard to know
what to make of them. Engravings of tracks at least have
some continuity with later artistic tradition indigenous to
Australia. Taken as a whole, the site appears to depict a
veritable menagerie of long extinct creatures, graven in
stone. Some tracks appear to represent the giant ostrich-
like flightless bird, Genyornis, while others may record
the giant kangaroo, Procoptydon and the giant marsupial

North American BioFortean Review                                                                   38
                        Various images of the “big-eyed” human-like figures


All images and text are Copyright ©2003, Debbie Hynes. All rights reserved.

North American BioFortean Review                                              39
quadruped, Diprotodon. We had only a few hours at the site: it would require weeks to photograph and
catalogue the works in their entirety.


                              Where might the I’iga Yaaga come from?

     Towards the end of the Pleistocene epoch, most of the megafauna in Australia became extinct.
The pattern of megafaunal extinction was repeated on other continents. The reasons for the great
dying are vigorously debated by palaeontologists. 6 One school of thought holds that humans themselves
were responsible because they hunted the megafauna into extinction. A second school holds that
climate change was the leading culprit. The fact that the disappearances of large animals the world
over is associated with the end of the Ice Age is regarded as more than coincidental. However, the fact
is that no one really knows why the megafauna died out at that time.

   For two main reasons, my own opinion favours climate change as the causal agent. Firstly, many
genera went extinct which were unlikely ever to have been hunted and yet others, which have been
hunted almost down to modern times, not only survived but thrived. 6

     The second reason concerns humans themselves. In the last ten years it has become clear that
populations of related species of Homo not only encountered one another but they shared the world
together for a long time. For example, populations of Homo sapiens encountered H. neandertalensis in the
middle east and appear to have coexisted for perhaps 50,000 years. 7 Homo erectus appears to have
held out in Java until perhaps 30,000 years ago. 10 Since humans are thought to have arrived in Sahul at
perhaps 60,000 ybp, 2 it means that H. erectus and H. sapiens coexisted in S.E. Asia for at least 30,000
years. If one counts Homo heidelbergensis as a species distinct from H. sapiens, H. neandertalensis
and H. erectus then one concludes that, at the beginning of the terminal phase of the Pleistocene the
world was inhabited by at least 4 different species of Homo. Yet at the start of the Holocene, when the
killoff was more or less complete, only one remained: ourselves, Homo sapiens. This is an extinction
rate of 75%. It begins to look as if whatever killed the megafauna took almost as drastic a toll of Homo
species. That speaks not of over-hunting but of disaster suffered by all.
North American BioFortean Review                                                                 40
    Although no direct evidence of H. erectus has yet been discovered in Australia, it remains very
possible that both H. erectus and H. sapiens arrived in Australia/Sahul at about the same time. Readers
are referred to the web article listed below for elucidation on this question. 4

     The terminal phase of the Pleistocene in Sahul was characterised by extreme aridification and low
temperatures. 6, 6A How did humans cope in those circumstances, particularly in the inland? One idea
is that the few permanent water sources acted as refugia for small bands of people over many thousands
of years. 2 However, if H. erectus were present alongside H. sapiens in Sahul, it seems likely that both
species may have been compelled to inhabit the same restricted areas where water was available. If
thus confined, cheek by jowl as it were, is it possible that interbreeding might have taken place?

   If so, is it just remotely conceivable that inbreeding among modern tribal groups could bring together
remnant clusters of H. erectus genes to produce something like an I’iga Yaaga? In that case one might
expect to find some sort of physical evidence such as fossils. In that context, there are the Kow Swamp
and similar remains to ponder upon. 4

     Whether such a long-term conservation of genetic clusters is possible is a question I am not
qualified to answer. One serious difficulty with the idea, 5 is that such a gross effect can not involve a
mere recessive/dominant interaction between one gene, or a few genes. The trait would make itself
felt throughout an affected population causing a spectrum of phenotypic effects to be exhibited.

    Another question arises: why should only a small group of people in the Australian Outback be so
affected? If, in truth, they really are affected in this way. One might expect the entire human race to
harbour relict clusters of H. erectus genes, dating from the time when our ancestors, H. sapiens, moved
into the wider world from Africa and encountered the cousins who had gone there before? In that case
might one expect this putative phenomenon of atavism to manifest itself elsewhere in similar situations
around the globe? Is there a connection between these diminutive I’iga Yaaga and other alleged
hominid figures, larger of stature? Could the former be an immature, adolescent form of the latter?
Who knows? The entire narrative beggars belief.

    Obviously, questions outnumber answers by a huge margin as things stand at the moment. The first
task is to return to the Outback, better equipped next time, and see what can be discovered.


                               Addendum: Methusela & Modern Science

    There is one aspect of the puzzle that is greatly intriguing, namely the matter of alleged enhanced
longevity induced by the condition.

    There is a well known correlation between body weight and lifespan. Basically, larger creatures
tend to live longer than smaller creatures. It’s a fact of physics that smaller creatures lose heat more
rapidly and therefore must run their metabolism at a faster rate in order to compensate. The idea is that
every creature is born with a kind of finite energy content, rather like a battery. The faster its rate of
discharge, the shorter its life. There are correlation graphs and tables, which illustrate the effect. 9 An
elephant may live about 90 years, a horse maybe 30 years, a dog say 15 years, a domestic cat, say 10
years and a mouse lives, in ideal conditions, a mere 2 years. Given our average body weight, humans
might be expected, on the basis of such correlations to live for about 15 - 20 years. But, of course, we
live much longer, say 70 - 80 years. Humans are an anomaly in the lifespan stakes. Why is this so?

    There are evolutionary reasons for our relatively lengthy lives. Humans have an extended childhood
and pass through an adolescent phase that is absent from the lives of other creatures. We have always
relied on the accumulated knowledge of older generations to enhance the survival prospects of younger
generations. Humans have more to learn in order to be even a minimally functioning member of their
species than any other creature. Long life, it seems, is one way we have accommodated these demands.

   But did our ancestors always have the potential for our longevity? Did our cousin species have the
same potential? Could human longevity be, at least in part, a product of hybridisation between species
North American BioFortean Review                                                                    41
at an early date in our history? Did early humans find selective advantage in an extra span of years so
gained, one that they employed to build up a reservoir of knowledge and experience in the form of an
older generation in a way that is quintessentially human. And in a way that the “others,” perhaps, did not? 8

    Thus, a question that may be relevant in the context of this narrative is: did early H. sapiens live
significantly longer than their cousins? Could the activity of gene complexes that determine lifespan be
altered in an atavistic birth? If the answers are affirmative, then discovery of such beings as these
alleged I’iga Yaaga would not only cast light upon the history of the human race but, with study, might
provide fundamental insights into the mechanisms which govern human lifespan and mortality.


                Debbie Hynes is a student in the
                state of Victoria, Australia. She
                enjoys travel to various parts of Australia.


References:

1/ Rock Art of the Dream Time, Josephine Flood, Harper Collins Publishers, 1997.

2/ Archaeology of the Dream Time, Josephine Flood, Collins Publishers Australia, 1989.

3/ The War of the Warramullas, Michael Terry. Rigby Ltd., 1974.

4/ The Enigma of Kow Swamp: www.thylacoleo.com,
       http://members.fortunecity.com/thylacoleo/index.html

5/ Chad Arment ... personal communication.

6/ Quaternary Extinctions, P.S. Martin & R.G. Klein eds., Uni. Arizona Press, 1995.

6A/ Vertebrate Palaeontology of Australasia, ed. P. Vickers-Rich, J.M. Monaghan, R.F. Baird & T.H. Rich,
        Pioneer Design Studio, 1991.

7/ The Fossil Trail, Ian Tatersall, Oxford University Press, 1995.

8/ Binford, L.R., “Human Ancestors: Changing Views of their Behaviour.” Journal of Anthroplogical
        Archaeology 4 (1985):292-327.

9/ Lifespan: and factors affecting it, Daniel Hershey, Charles C. Thomas-Publisher, 1974.

10/ Latest Homo erectus of Java: potential contemporaneity with H. sapiens in Southeast Asia.
       C.C.Swisher III, W.J. Rink, S.C. Anton, H.P. Schwarz, G.H. Curtis, A. Suprijo & Widiasmoro. Science
       274:1870-1874, 1996.


North American BioFortean Review                                                                      42
                                      Additional Rock Art Images


       All images and text are copyright ©2003,
       Debbie Hynes. All rights reserved.


North American BioFortean Review                                   43
                                                 BioForteana:
                                               The Talking Dog

                                             Harry Miles Johnson
                                          The Johns Hopkins University

                                 [From Science, May 10, 1912, 35(906): 749-51.]


    Extensive comment has been made in the German and even in the American daily press on the
reported conversational ability of “Don,” a German setter seven years old, belonging to the royal
gamewarden Ebers at Theerhutte in Gardelegen. Numerous observers reported that he had a vocabulary
consisting of eight words, which he could speak if food were held before him and the following questions
propounded: “Was heisst du?” “Don.” “Was hast du?” “Hunger.” “Was willst du?” “Haben haben.”
“Was ist das?” “Kuchen.” “Was bittest du dir aus?” “Ruhe.” Moreover, he was said to answer categorical
questions by “Ja” and “ Nein”; and in reply to another question, to speak the name, “Haberland.”
Among others whom popular report mentioned as witnesses to this extraordinary ability of the dog
was Mr. Oskar Pfungst, of the Psychological Institute of the University of Berlin, whose important
tests on the horse of Herr von Osten, “Der Kluge Hans,” have lately been published in English. 1
Mr. Pfungst had in fact investigated the behavior of the dog in collaboration with Professor Vosseler
and Dr. Erich Fischer, keeping detailed memoranda on the tests, and making a number of phonographic
records. Partly to clear up misapprehension of his own position and partly for the enlightenment of
the serious general public, he gave out a brief popular report of his work, 2 a summary of which
appears below.

    Having proposed three definitions of speech: first, properly, as the use of vocal sounds to convey to
the listener an idea experienced by the speaker; secondly, more loosely, as the production of vocal
sounds learned by imitation, but used without knowledge of their meaning to the hearer; and thirdly,
as the production of vocal sounds not imitative of human speech, having no meaning to the speaker,
but producing in the hearer illusions of definitely articulated, spoken words, uttered to convey meaning —
Mr. Pfungst then asks to which class the speech of Don properly may be referred.

    First, it is plain enough that the dog does not use words with any consciousness of their meaning to
the hearer. His vocabulary is always given in order, beginning with “ Don” and ending with “Ruhe.” If
the order of questioning is varied he is called “Kuchen” and he desires “Hunger,” etc. (Here it may be
noted that the author was unable to get even approximations to the last three words in the list accredited
to the animal.)

    Secondly, it is evident, says Mr. Pfungst, that he is not using words learned by imitation. The author
assumes that any imitator of another speaker would vary the pitch, intensity or accent of his words as
the imitatee’s were varied. Don’s voice — a high tenor, ranging from F on the bass clef to the octave
above middle c, usually pitched in talking near d above middle c — is not varied when the pitch of the
questioner’s voice is altered. Furthermore he does not imitate changes in accent or intensity. He is as
likely to say “Kuchén” as “Kúchen”; “Hungér” as “Húnger,” etc. From the legitimacy of the author’s
adoption of this criterion, however, the reviewer is inclined to dissent. His own experience with a child
of two and one half years, learning readily to speak a large number of words and phrases from imitation,
and able to give both vowel and consonant values with perfect distinctness, for several months was
that she would not imitate changes of intensity or pitch, although she usually showed apparent
willingness to try. To apply this principle in the case of the dog would require the assumption of an
attentive ability as well as of motor skill, far in excess of any of which that animal has given evidence.


   l
       Pfungst, Oskar, “Clever Hans.” Translated by Carl L. Rahn. New York, Henry Holt & Company, 1911.

   2
       “Der sprechende Hund,” von Oskar Pfungst (Berlin), Sechste Beilage zur Possischen Zeitung, 27 April, 1911

North American BioFortean Review                                                                          44
But Mr. Pfungst offers other disproof of the imitation hypothesis which to the reviewer seems adequate.
This is found in the method of learning. The first word which the dog is reported to have uttered is
“Haben.” We are assured that being asked, “Willst du etwas haben,” he thereupon pronounced
distinctly the words, “Haben haben haben,” and was rewarded with food for his pains. When he
afterwards attempted to pronounce the words he would give many inarticulate gurgles, but the food
was given only when the correct number of syllables were uttered at once. The owner’s family
state that ten repetitions, some a week apart, sufficed for this learning. The word, “Ruhe,” was first
uttered after a command, “Ruhe,” by the owner’s daughter. Hearing the dog’s response, she demanded,
“Was sagst du da,” and obtained again the answer “Ruhe.” He was then taught to give this word after
his fifth question, “Was bittest du dir aus?” The name, “Haberland,” which none of the investigators
could obtain from him, was first answered without instruction to the question, “Wer hat den ersten
Artikel über dich in die Zeitung gebracht?” These facts are hardly consistent with any provable
experience in learning by imitation. Indeed, it may be remarked that to the reviewer, who has spent
the greater part of two years in experimentation on the behavior of dogs under controlled conditions,
the animals’ vagueness of perception and extremely low degree of attention would make a very
strong presumption against the possibility of their learning even the simplest acts by “observation
and imitation.”

     Mr. Pfungst concludes that the speech of Don is therefore to be regarded properly as the production
of vocal sounds which produce illusions in the hearer. He calls attention to the fact that not even the
number of syllables in any given “word” of Don’s is constant. The dog makes only one vowel sound,
having a value lying between o and u, varying considerably, but usually nearer u. The experimenters
could not hear from him certainly either a or e. His one guttural-aspirant is like the German ch, and
does duty for k and h. There is also a nasal, of a value lying between n and ng. When it is not prolonged
it passes for a d, as in “Don.” He really never makes the sound of b, d, k, l or r. When he utters a word
expressed by [(ch)unguo], not much effort is required from a suggestible hearer to perceive the sound
as “Hunger.” When in making phonograph records the questioner asked merely “Was?,” the dog gave
the customary answers, “Don,” “Hunger?” “Haben haben,” “Kuchen,” etc., of which however only two
out of sixteen answers were intelligible. Of 168 answers preserved on phonograph records, 71 per
cent. were disyllabic and of the monosyllabic noises 68 per cent. were given when a considerable
pause had elapsed between the last answer and this question. The “answers” were really incorrect
fully as often as otherwise. Disinterested hearers could seldom distinguish his “Hunger” from his “Haben,”
nor his “Ruhe” from his “Kuchen,” etc. It was as easy for others to perceive some of these same sounds
as “Engelhopf” or “Hallelujah”; “Huhn” or “Honig.” Here it seems to the author we have a case quite
parallel with our common interpretation of the night-swallow’s call as “Whip-poor-Will” when in fact
the sounds are nearly “Pfif-ah-rih”; and with the common German interpretation of their Steinkanz’s
“Kuwitt” or “Kumiff” as “Komm mit,” thus making him in popular superstition the messenger of death.
But for a strong and uninhibited tendency thus to “apperceive” them, neither these calls nor the “words”
of Don would be taken as other than meaningless noises.

    On psychological grounds, Mr. Pfungst concludes, the explanation is comparatively simple; the
uncritical do not make the effort to discriminate between what is actually given in perception and
what is merely associated imagery, which otherwise gives to the perception a meaning wholly
unwarranted; and they habitually ignore the important part which suggestion always plays in ordinary
situations.

    Accepting this explanation as satisfactory we may expect the majority of animal lovers to continue
to read their own mental processes into the behavior of their pets. Nor need we be astonished if even
scientists of a certain class continue at intervals to proclaim that they have completely demonstrated
the presence in lower animals of “intelligent imitation” and of other extremely complicated mental
processes — inferred from the results of brief and lamentably superficial tests, and published as proven
facts without further reflection


North American BioFortean Review                                                                   45
