{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T00:41:36Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 108297, "source_ctime_ns": 1790305426520317322, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-13-No-10---1999.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790305426517010456, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-13-No-10---1999.pdf", "source_sha256": "5f46312d40780f43a9770db6890ad58b48e8efc94ba44d32b0fb785b670917d1"}

The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 13 Number 10                        www.ntskeptics.org                            October 1999


  In this month's issue:
          The Acambaro dinosaurs
          Answers in Genesis
          The National Center for Science Education


  The Acambaro dinosaurs
  By John Blanton

  Dinosaurs went missing about 65 million year ago. Or did they?

  What if they really didn’t. What if dinosaurs were still around as late as 6500 years ago. And if people and dinosaurs
  lived contemporaneously? 
That would shoot holes in a lot of modern science. Paleontology would be badly wounded.
  Evolution would be DOA. So the thinking goes.

  If you could find a human fossil in the same stone with a dinosaur fossil you would have some nice ammunition to shoot
  down evolution. Even better if the fossil showed a dinosaur eating a human. If all you had were something that looked
  like human footprint alongside dinosaur footprints you might be inclined to shop further. Enter the Acambaro
  dinosaurs.

  A paper titled “Archeological cover-ups” by David Hatcher Childress describes the discovery of the Acambaro dinosaur
  figurines. 1

          In 1944 an accidental discovery of an even more controversial nature was made by Waldemar Julsrud at
          Acambaro, Mexico. Acambaro is in the state of Guanajuato, 175 miles northwest of Mexico City. 
The
          strange archaeological site there yielded over 33,500 objects of ceramic, stone—including jade, and knives
          of obsidian (sharper than steel and still used today in heart surgery). Julsrud, a prominent local German
          merchant, also found statues ranging from less than an inch to six feet in length depicting great reptiles,
          some of them in ACTIVE ASSOCIATION with humans—generally eating them, but in some bizarre
          statuettes an erotic association was indicated. 
To observers, many of these creatures resembled dinosaurs.

  Childress further mentions that radio-carbon dating in the 
laboratories   of   the University of Pennsylvania and
  additional tests using thermoluminescence indicated the objects were made 6500 years ago.

  In Atlantis Rising, David Lewis has explained the implications for modern science. 2


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1999/1999october/october1999.htm[16/01/2023 09:13:52]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


          The Acambaro figurines, discovered in the 1940s in Acambaro, Mexico, depict fantastic creatures that
          resemble dinosaurs, as well as African and European men. If verified as authentic and dated to a time
          before modern science’s discovery of the dinosaurs, the existence of the figurines would dismantle the
          major presumptions of modern evolutionary theory, and, in fact, much of the scientific and academic
          establishment.

  Young-Earth creationist Don Patton discussed the subject of the Acambaro dinosaurs at September’s meeting of the
  Metroplex Institute of Origin Science (MIOS). He has journeyed to Acambaro to view and photograph some of the
  artifacts, and he agrees with Lewis that this spells doom for evolution. 
Most of those attending the meeting concurred.

  Don was gracious enough to provide me with copies of some of his photos, which we reproduce here. His printed
  brochure compares one of the figurines with a drawing from Robert Bakker’s book Dinosaur Heresies (1986). The
  figurine so resembles the dinosaurs in Bakker’s illustration that the ancient artist must have seen one in the flesh.


  Figure 1.
  Photo courtesy of Don Patton


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1999/1999october/october1999.htm[16/01/2023 09:13:52]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  Figure 2.
  Dinosaur drawing from Robert Bakker's book Dinosaur Heresies


  Of course, modern science is not going to take this lying down, as both Patton and Childress have pointed out.
  Childress explains the situation in his report: 3

          A team of experts at another university, shown Julsrud’s half-dozen samples but unaware of their origin,
          ruled out the possibility that they could have been modern reproductions.

          However, they fell silent when told of their controversial source. 
In 1952, in an effort to debunk this
          weird collection 
which was gaining a certain amount of fame, American archaeologist 
Charles C. DiPeso
          claimed to have minutely examined 
the then 32,000 pieces within not more than four hours spent 
at the
          home of Julsrud. In a forthcoming book, long delayed 
by continuing developments in his investigation,
          archaeological investigator John H. Tierney, who has lectured on the case for decades, 
points out that to
          have done that DiPeso would have had to 
have inspected 133 pieces per minute steadily for four  
          hours, whereas in actuality, it 
would have required weeks merely to have separated 
the massive
          jumble of exhibits and arranged them properly for a valid evaluation.

          Tierney, who collaborated with the later Professor Hapgood, the late William N. Russell, and others in the
          investigation, charges 
that the Smithsonian Institution and other archaeological 
authorities conducted a
          campaign of disinformation against the discoveries. 
The Smithsonian had, early in the controversy,
          dismissed 
the entire Acambaro collection as an elaborate 
hoax.   Also, utilising the freedom of
          Information 
Act, Tierney discovered that practically the entirety of the Smithsonian’s Julsrud case files are
          missing.

          After two expeditions to the site in 1955 
and 1968, Professor Charles Hapgood, a professor 
of history
          and anthropology at the University of New 
Hampshire, recorded the results of his 18-year investigation
          of Acambaro in a privately printed book 
entitled MYSTERY IN ACAMBARO.   Hapgood was initially
          an open-minded 
skeptic concerning the collection but became a 
believer after his first visit in 1955, at
          which time he witnessed 
some of the figures being excavated and even dictated to the diggers where he
          wanted them to dig.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1999/1999october/october1999.htm[16/01/2023 09:13:52]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

          Adding to the mind-boggling aspects of this controversy is the fact that the Instituto Nacional de
          Antropologia e Historia, through the late Director of PreHispanic Monuments, Dr. Eduardo Noguera,
          (who, as head of an official investigating team 
at the site, issued a report which Tierney will be
          publishing), 
admitted “the apparent scientific legality with which these objects were found.”   Despite
          evidence of their own eyes, however, officials declared that because of the objects 
“fantastic” nature,
          they had to have been a hoax played on Julsrud!

  Whether Julsrud was hoaxed is something Patton intends to pursue, although he thinks not. He says he plans to
  excavate under the kitchen floor of the former Julsrud home in Acambaro. This floor is original from before the time
  Julsrud move in, and finding similar figurines there will rule out their being recent forgeries.

  Answering questions following his MIOS talk, Don explained that the figurines in question appeared to have been
  deliberately buried. 
They were found in collections of twenty to thirty and packed in sand, and they are made from local
  clay, which is decayed feldspar. Only ten percent of the figurines resemble dinosaurs.

  So, what does all of this have to do with Albert Einstein, Perry Mason, and The Mysterious Origins of Man? Glad you
  asked.
  Patton notes 4

          In the forward to the book, Earth’s Shifting Crust, Albert Einstein said Hapgood’s concept could be of a
          “great importance to everything that is related to the Earth’s surface.”

  Earth’s Shifting Crust was the original title of Hapgood’s book, which is now The Path of the Pole. His idea was that
  all the ice at the poles represented a spinning mass that exerted a horizontal force on the Earth’s crust. In the mid 1950s,
  before the modern idea of plate tectonics was developed, but while Wegener’s ideas of continental drift were being
  floated around, Hapgood proposed that this off-center force occasionally shifted the crust, putting the poles at the
  equator and causing other nasty results. Hapgood corresponded with Einstein on this topic and received
  encouragement. Einstein recommended that Hapgood obtain “geological and paleontological facts.”

  NBC first broadcast The Mysterious Origins of Man (MOM) in February 1996. Host Charlton Heston explained to the
  audience how a lot of standard science, such as evolution, paleontology, archaeology, and anthropology got it all
  wrong. Young-Earth creationist Carl Baugh helped out by explaining the Paluxy River “man tracks.”

  Hapgood was there to explain the evidence of sudden Earth crustal displacement. 
The “fact” that thousands of animals
  were frozen in short order (in geologic time) and that ancient maps showed an ice-free Antarctica (which was then
  frozen over very quickly) was given as evidence for this crustal shift. 
Paul Heinrich has posted a review of these claims
  at
  http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/mom/atlantis.html.

  The creator of MOM, Bill Cote, has since produced a third program along similar lines. This latest is Jurassic Art, which
  deals with two topics—the Acambaro figurines and the Ica stones.

  So now we are back to where we started, as James Burke would say. 
A great fan of the Ica stones is Don Patton, who
  has presented talks on them at MIOS meetings. The deal about the Ica (not Inca) stones is that they are black stones
  with serpentine figures carved into them. 
Don Patton contends these are depictions of real dinosaurs done from life.
  David Lewis had this to say about them: 5

          The Ica stones are a collection of thousands of inscribed stones found near the mysterious Nasca Lines in
          Peru. Many of the stones depict Pterodactyls, T-Rexes, and humans cavorting with Stegosaurs. Who carved
          these mysterious stones? Some ancient artist who somehow knew about dinosaurs, or a modern prankster?
          The answer to those questions remains a mystery. 
Except to you, of course. Dating both the Acambaro
          figurines and Ica stones has proved inconclusive. Unfortunately, both the stones and figurines have been
          removed from their original settings, making reliable dating difficult, if not impossible. In the Peruvian
          case, the curator and discoverer of the artifacts, Javier Cabrera, a medical doctor, refuses to reveal the
          location of a cave where he allegedly found the stones, leading archeologist Neil Steede, who investigates

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1999/1999october/october1999.htm[16/01/2023 09:13:52]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

          both cases on Cote’s Jurassic Art, to question the doctor’s story.

  So, we come to the end of the tale, and we still don’t know what’s behind the Acambaro dinosaurs.

  Are the figurines really 6500 years old? Don Patton, who appears to finally accept radio-carbon dating, would only give
  the “dinosaurs” 1500 years in his talk. A human figure he allowed 4000 years.

  Are they even authentic? If they are 1500 years old and more, then it’s likely they are. That was way before people
  found sport in fooling archaeologists.

  If they are authentic, do they represent dinosaurs? Some of the ones exhibited are dead ringers for dinosaurs, but they
  were culled from a reported cache of over 30,000 items. Many of the figurines presented as dinosaurs required a bit of a
  stretch to make the resemblance. 
It’s possible we are just seeing some selective sampling. Given the amount of
  variation apparent in the collection there was bound to be a dinosaur in there somewhere.


  Figure 3.
  While there were many figurines that resembled four-legged dinosaurs, a number of them resembled dinosaurs
  no better than this.
  Photo courtesy of Don Patton

  Research into the mystery of the figurines since the MIOS lecture has not provided further explanation, so for the time
  being we will have to leave it at that. Some stories just don’t have neat endings.

  Oh wait. I forgot to tell about Perry Mason, although it has absolutely no significance to the story. Accompanying
  Hapgood in his 1955 investigation of the figurines was prolific detective fiction writer Earl Stanley Gardner. 
The
  Acambaro dinosaurs, it would seem, had something for everybody.

  Refrences

  1. Childress, David Hatcher. Archeological Coverups? Posted by the World Explorers Club at
  http://www.keelynet.com/unclass/canyon.txt. 
In the quoted excerpt I have fixed some of the inconsistencies in spelling
  and punctuation. The capitalization has been left intact.

  2. Lewis, David. Jurassic Art? At http://atlantisrising.com/issue11/ar11jurassic.html

  3. Childress

  4. From Don Patton's untitled brochure on the Acambaro figurines.

  5. Lewis

  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1999/1999october/october1999.htm[16/01/2023 09:13:52]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  Answers in Genesis
  By John Blanton

  That’s the US counterpart for the Australian organization Creation Science Foundation. Executive Director of AiG is
  Ken Ham, who was also a founder of CSF. AiG is accessible on-line, and much of the following information is from
  their Web site. 1 They list a US mailing address in Florence, KY.

  Ken Ham “is one of the most in-demand Christian speakers in North America. In 1993, Ken spoke to over 100,000
  people directly, and to millions on hundreds of radio broadcasts. Many thousands of others watched his acclaimed film,
  The Genesis Solution, in 1993.” 2 According to the AiG Web site he has a bachelor’s degree in applied science from
  the Queensland Institute of Technology and a Diploma of Education from the University of Queensland.

  If you like to think that creationism is a science thing, then check out the site. AiG has taken the science out of
  “creation science.”

  Racism

  “Inter-racial marriage: is it biblical?” is one headline on the title page, and it’s authored by Ken Ham. OK, that’s a long
  way from creationism, but let’s explore that and see where it goes.

  Amazing! Quoting from Ham:

          Real science in the present fits with the biblical view that all people are rather closely related—there is only
          one ‘race’ biologically. Therefore, there is in essence no such thing as ‘inter-racial marriage.’ 
So we are
          left with this—is there anything in the Bible that speaks clearly against men and women from different
          people groups marrying?

  That’s the closest I have seen to real science in a creationist text, and it shows to what lengths the creationists will go to
  challenge evolution. 
Thirty-five years ago while I sat in arm chair comfort and watched others my age being clubbed by
  police for saying otherwise, the good pastors in some parts of the country were telling their congregations that white
  people were the chosen race.
  That is dangerous ground for creationists to tread these days. 
If there are separate races, then evolution must have
  occurred, for at one time there were only two people, and we all sprang from them.

  The argument has now been turned around. It’s the evolutionists who say there are separate races (allowing one to be
  inferior). Without Darwin, we would all be viewed equally by the enlightened masses. 
Maybe I overstate the case, for
  there was racial bigotry even before Darwin. 
However this idea gets kicked around a lot by the reformed creationists.
  Ham concludes:

  The church could greatly relieve the tensions over racism (particularly in countries like America), if only the leaders
  would teach that: all people are descended from one man and woman; all people are equal before God; all are sinners in
  need of salvation; all need to build their thinking on God’s Word and judge all their cultural aspects accordingly; all
  need to be one in Christ and put an end to their rebellion against their Creator.

  Sometimes there is the temptation to just let creationism slide and count our blessings.

  Tas Walker

  There is more, however. The heading of Tas Walker’s Web page article reads —

          “Geology and the young earth
          Answering those ‘Bible-believing’ bibliosceptics”


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1999/1999october/october1999.htm[16/01/2023 09:13:52]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  Walker writes (first published in Creation Ex Nihilo3 ) :

  The hand-written note pinned to some photocopied pages was typical. ‘I wonder if you could help with a geological
  problem?’ The writer, a Bible-believing Christian, was confused. He had just encountered some tired old geological
  arguments attacking the straightforward biblical account of earth history, i.e., denying a recent creation and a global
  Flood on the basis of ‘geological evidences’.

  It turns out the confusion was caused by some writers who pretended to be Christians, all the while denying the true
  story of creation in the Bible [my words]. You really have to be careful out there, Walker seems to be saying.
  The unsuspecting readers of such books, thinking they are getting something from ‘Bible-believing Christians’, expect
  encouragement and faith-building material. They are generally unprepared for the explosive mixture of heretical
  theology, poor science and vehement attacks on Bible-believers.

  Alan Hayward is one of these Christian slackers. 4 
Fortunately it turns out he is really a Unitarian and doesn’t believe in
  the Trinity.

  One of the things Hayward writes about, according to Walker, is varves. 
If you don’t know about varves, you should
  check them out. They are very thin layers of sediment laid down on the bottoms of calm bodies of water by seasonal
  variations in the in-flowing water. In some places they have stacked up so long they record hundreds of thousands of
  years of history. This would be embarrassingly long for the young-Earth creationists if the theory of varves were
  correct. Fortunately, Walker is able to show his readers that these varves don’t have to represent seasonal variations,
  and they could have been formed by the great Flood described in Genesis. He goes on to ably put down a number of
  other propositions of anti-Christian science.

          Thick layers of evaporites (such as found in West Texas) would seem to take a long time to form, but Walker
          explains they were most likely formed very quickly.
          There are too many fossils, and all of those animals could not have lived on the Earth in a period of just a few
          thousand years. Not enough room. Not so says Walker. Scientists are just looking at fossil graveyards and
          extrapolating the fossil density to the unexplored regions of the Earth.
          Scientists say there is too much coal. Trees would have had to be shoulder-to-shoulder and more to form that
          much coal. Once again, Walker says we are looking at tree graveyards.
          Then there is pitch. Pitch? Yes, pitch, which creationists say was formed in the Flood along with other petroleum
          products, was used by Noah before the flood to caulk the Ark. Walker explains that in those days pitch was made
          from tree resin (because there was no petroleum, remember?).

  Anyhow, Hayward is all wet, along with Unitarianism, evolution, and a bunch of other science stuff. “Since we never
  will know everything, we must start with the sure Word of God in order to make sense of the world around us” he
  writes.

  Damn the creationists

  What?

  Yes, even creationists come under attack here. This Web page article begins —

          “Exposé of NavPress’s new Hugh Ross book
          Serious biblical and scientific errors deceive evangelicals into thinking that billions of years are
          ‘OK’.”

  Jonathan Sarfati has contributed a scathing critique of creationist Hugh Ross’s The Genesis Question. 5 He writes: 6

          The astronomer Hugh N. Ross now seems to be the world’s most prominent ‘progressive creationist’ (PC).
          While he is insistent about distinguishing himself from ‘theistic evolutionists’ (TEs), Ross adopts the same
          basic philosophical approach. That is, he makes uniformitarian (i.e. essentially materialistic, billions of
          years, etc.) ‘science’ his authority over Scripture.

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1999/1999october/october1999.htm[16/01/2023 09:13:52]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  Apparently it is possible to be not creationist enough for AiG.

  A recent AiG project in Boone County, KY, is their Creation Museum. 
It’s been an item in the local news for months,
  as opponents of the museum have challenged the construction under the zoning laws. A hearing in October may settle
  the matter, and if the museum does get built it joins those other monuments to unreason that include the ICR museum in
  Santee, CA, and the Roswell, NM, saucer crash museum.

  As Nature would dictate, if there is an Answers in Genesis, there must be a No Answers in Genesis. And there is.
  A web site maintained by the Australian Skeptics, Inc., spends a lot of time dealing with AiG. 7 After explaining who
  Charles Darwin was (there is even a picture) and what he did, the site jumps into a long list of refutations of popular
  creationist myths.

          Can Noah’s Flood Account For The Geologic and Fossil Record? 
Lenny Flank handles this.
          Glenn R. Morton writes The Geologic Column and the Flood.
          Margaret Kittson has contributed In Search of the Real Noah.
          For the really curious there is The Prehistory of Koalas by Professor Michael Archer.

  The Aussies take a more strident approach to anti-creationism than we do here. Of course, they do that about a lot of
  other stuff, too. 
Expect to see name-calling and in-your-face challenges on the NAiG site. 
Also find there one of the
  best collections of references to the current hot topics.

  References

  1. http://www.answersingenesis.org/docs/
  2. From the AiG Web site.
  3. Creation Ex Nihilo Technical Journal. 21(4):16­20, September­November 1999.
  4. Hayward, Alan. Creation and Evolution: The Facts and Fallacies, Triangle, London, 1985 [citation from the AiG
  site].
  5. Ross, Hugh. The Genesis Question, NavPress Publishing Group P.O. Box 35001, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80935
  [from the AiG site].
  6. Creation Ex Nihilo Technical Journal. 13(2):22-30, 1999
  7. Check out http://www.onthenet.com.au/~stear/index.htm.


  [Back to top]


  The National Center for Science Education
  by John Blanton

  About had it up to here with the creationists? Well join the club. 
Join the National Center for Science Education,
  actually.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1999/1999october/october1999.htm[16/01/2023 09:13:52]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  NCSE logo from the NCSE Web site

  The NCSE seems to be the main organization on the North American Continent working to counter the movement of
  creationism into the public school system. 
The NCSE is also a strong supporter for teaching evolution and other solid
  science. It came into being in 1981—an offshoot of several committees of correspondence—and was incorporated in
  1983. It is headquartered in Berkeley, California, but like most organizations these days it is linked across the continent
  through the Internet. The NCSE provides “a central information and resource clearinghouse, helping to coordinate the
  efforts of people working at state and local levels to preserve the integrity of science education.1

  Eugenie C. Scott is Executive Director and a tireless spokesperson for science. [See the sidebar for the coming speaking
  schedule.] 
Kevin Padian is President, and there is a list of officers and Directors that includes Frank Sonleitner, the
  notorious basher of Pandas and People. 
Our own Ron Hastings has previously served as a Director. A list of official
  supporters includes a large number of people you will recognize at the heart of the C-E issue. Francisco Ayala, Brent
  Dalrymple, Niles Eldredge, Stephen Jay Gould, Philip Kitcher, Kenneth Miller, and Michael Ruse are ones I spot right
  away.

  If you have been following the C-E debate for any time you will have come across the NCSE. Usually it’s in the form
  of Dr. Scott carefully explaining to some TV anchor why evolution is not equivalent to atheism. 
Two years ago Scott
  participated in the C-E debate on William Buckley’s Firing Line, and prior to that she faced off against creationist
  Forrest Mims (plus Cal Thomas) on Crossfire. The NCSE gets involved a lot off-camera when school boards and
  science teachers come under pressure from creationist groups to either exclude evolution or to include creationism. 
You
  may not see that on the evening news, but you do see the result of not as many schools teaching creationism.

  The NCSE’s main publication is Reports of the National Center for Science Education, which comes out six times a
  year. As expected, Reports prints a bunch of stuff knocking creationism, and they almost never print a favorable review
  of a creationist book. They do print comments by creationists from time to time, usually to allow someone to respond to
  an issue previously raised.
  If you want to keep up with C-E, and you don’t cruise the Web, then Reports is the journal of choice. In addition to the
  tireless Molleen Matsumura, Dr. Scott contributes a large part of the editorial content. 
There are also contributions from
  pro-evolution notables such as Gould and Dawkins and from some of your Skeptics friends.

  NCSE membership is $30 per year and includes a subscription to Reports. 
Outside the US, membership is higher to
  offset the increased postage. 
Since the NCSE is a 501(c)(3) organization you may want to contribute large sums and
  deduct some of that on your tax return. Also, joining the NCSE puts you in good company. Reports occasionally prints
  a list of donors—a list that includes some of the heavy hitters of modern science. 
It also includes a number of your
  fellow NTS members.

  Another benefit of NCSE membership is their book sales deal. Members can get certain science books and books on C-
  E at a discount through the NCSE. Transcripts and tapes of C-E debates are offered, as well. 
I have even seen
  creationist books for sale!

  Contact the NCSE at the address below or check them out on the Web. 
Check with me if you need help.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1999/1999october/october1999.htm[16/01/2023 09:13:52]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

          NCSE
          PO Box 9477
          Berkeley, CA 94709-0477
          (510) 526-1674
          (800) 290-6006
          E-mail: molleen@NatCenSciEd.org
          URL: http://www.natcenscied.org/

  References

  1. From the NCSE Web site at http://www.natcenscied.org/

  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1999/1999october/october1999.htm[16/01/2023 09:13:52]
