{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T00:25:12Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 37725, "source_ctime_ns": 1790195394010340774, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-12-No-03---1998.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790195394006279717, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-12-No-03---1998.pdf", "source_sha256": "a05882e1f71cb6cfab5cdf8fb71d94db6eed2983d84ae7472f425e03136ab427"}

The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 12 Number 3                         www.ntskeptics.org                                March 1998


  In this month's issue:
          A Skeptical Look at The Bible Code
          The third eye


  A Skeptical Look at The Bible Code
  Greg Aicklen's Examination of a Popular Phenomenon
  by Danny Barnett

  The North Texas Skeptics were pleased to present Dr. Greg Aicklen, who presented the lecture "The Bible Code:
  Examination of a Popular Phenomenon" during our meeting on February 14, 1998. Many of you may be aware of a
  book called The Bible Code written by reporter Michael Drosnin that has created a bit of controversy in some religious
  circles recently. Drosnin's book, which is based on a five-year investigation, claims that there is a special coding
  sequence that hides many prophecies in the first five books of the Bible, collectively known as the Torah. Although
  there are other researchers such as Ed Vallowe and Noah Hutchings who claim to have found codes or numerical
  patterns in the King James Version of the Bible, the encrypted prophecies detailed in The Bible Code were apparently
  lifted straight out of the original Hebrew text of the Torah.

  Among the hidden prophecies listed in The Bible Code are predictions of the assassinations of President John F.
  Kennedy of the United States and of Prime Minister Yitzahk Rabin of Israel, the collision between Jupiter and the
  Shoemaker-Levy comet, the Oklahoma City bombing, and World War II. Many Christians are stating that these hidden
  prophecies are proof that a divine hand guided the writing of the Bible, especially since Drosnin is apparently an atheist
  who claims he was trying to debunk the idea of Biblical encryption.

  Why the search for hidden codes in the Bible? Aicklen, who has a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University
  of Texas at Dallas, states that there is a premise among searchers that the Torah "contains literally all truth"; it just needs
  to be discovered. In the occult Jewish tradition of Kabbalah, there are 84 coding schemes that supposedly exist in the
  Torah, one of which is covered by Drosnin in his book. Also, computer technology has advanced to a point where
  computers are extremely fast and relatively cheap, making number-crunching and sequencing less of a chore.

  The Kabbalist code described by Drosnin in The Bible Code is called Equidistant Letter Sequencing, or ELS for short.
  This code was apparently discovered by Eliyahu Rips, who described the process in a paper co-written with fellow code
  researchers Doron Witzum and Yoav Rosenberg. The paper, "Equidistant Letter Sequences in the Book of Genesis,"
  was published in the August 1994 issue of the journal Statistical Science.

  So what is an ELS? Aicklen provided a quick example. Take an English-language sentence well known by many typing
  students:


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1998/1998march/march1998.htm[16/01/2023 09:32:58]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

  Next, strip out all word divisions and punctuation so that you have nothing but letters:

  thequickbrownfoxjumpedoverthelazydog

  At this point you may notice that some of the letters are in bold type and some are in italics. This is to point out words
  that have been found in the string of letters through ELS. The bold-type letters (b o n o) spell the Latin word bono,
  which means "good." The italicized letters (p o r e) spell out the word pore. Examining both words will indicate that the
  letters in both words are separated from each other by a mathematical sequence; the letters in bono are separated by a
  distance, or "skip," of 2, which means that ever second letter falls into the sequence. The letters in pore are separated by
  a skip of 3.

  The code researchers, Rips, Witzum, and Rosenberg, performed this experiment with the original Hebrew text of the
  Torah, claiming that the hidden prophecies began to reveal themselves when the Torah text was arranged in two-
  dimensional matrices with the ELS words arranged in vertical order. According to Aicklen, they acknowledged that
  "enormous quantities" of words and expressions could be constructed from mathematical progressions, and they also
  conceded that many of the words and expressions that are found occur due to chance. At the same time, however, these
  researchers also claimed that natural language places related words close together, and by arranging Torah text in 2D
  matrices and defining "distance" between any two equidistant letter sequences, people could "test whether the ELSs in a
  given text may contain `hidden information.'"

  Aicklen showed how to create the desired tableau. Refer back to the earlier example where pore was taken from the
  truncated text stream. The letters in the desired word are found at n, n+d, n+2d, and so on until n+(k-1)d, where n is that
  starting point of the word, d is the distance or skip present in the ELS, and k is the length of the word.

  Thus, pore has the following values:

          n = 20 (The character p is the 20th character in the string)
          d = 3 (It is a distance of 3 characters from one ELS character to another)
          k = 4 (The word pore is 4 characters long)

  Once an ELS is found, the text should be arranged in rows of equal length so that the characters in the ELS appear as
  adjacent letters in a vertical column. Once this is done, the search for other ELS's "near" the first ELS can begin. Let's
  try it with the word pore that we found in the earlier sample.

  As you can see from the sample tableau, the word era has been found with these values:

  n = 18 (The character e is the 18th character in the string)

  d = 5 (It is a distance of 5 characters from one ELS character to another)

  k = 3 (The word era is 3 characters long)

   f o x j ump
   j u mp ed o
   pEd o ve r
   ov e Rt h e
   r t h e l Az

  So how could this be used to find ancient prophecies in the Old Testament? Aicklen then covered the necessary steps
  developed by the researchers for such an experimental procedure:

          Define the "distance" between a pair of words.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1998/1998march/march1998.htm[16/01/2023 09:32:58]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

          Define statistics expressing how close words are to each other as a whole.
          Choose a sample set of word pairs to search for in each text.
          Determine if the word pairs in the sample set are in some way "unusually close."
          Compare with a control.

  Following these steps, Witzum, Rips, and Rosenberg created a list of 32 famous personalities, all of whom appear in the
  Encyclopedia of Great Men in Israel. Each person had to have identifiable birth and death dates and between 1.5 and 3
  columns of text in the Encyclopedia. The names were then checked in the Torah, using Leo Tolstoy's novel War and
  Peace as the control. According to the researchers, the death and birth rates were too close to the personalities' minimal
  skip ELS for coincidence, and the results for War and Peace were much poorer than the results in the Torah. Case
  closed.

  Or was it? Aicklen pointed out that skeptics such as Brendan McKay, Barry Simon, and Dror Bar-Natan had found
  problems with the results and methods of Witzum, Rips, and Rosenberg. These skeptics pointed out that Equidistant
  Letter Sequencing is a phenomenon that is common to many languages and hardly exclusive to Hebrew. They also
  stated that Witzum, Rips, and Rosenberg had previous knowledge of the probable success of searches for the sample
  they used, and the skeptics also claimed that the researchers may have massaged their data to achieve the desired result.

  McKay, Simon, and Bar-Natan conducted their own hunt for ELSs using the same samples, methodology, and control
  used by Witzum, Rips, and Rosenberg. Their results seemed to indicate that the War and Peace results were similar to
  the Torah results, rather than being poorer than the Torah results. Note that the skeptics used the same methodology, the
  same list of personalities, and the same rules as the Bible Code researchers — and came up with dramatically different
  results. According to Aicklen, the skeptics then asked Witzum whether he and the other researches were now willing to
  claim Tolstoy was a prophet.

  Although Wiztum, Rips, and Rosenberg officially claimed that they had no prior knowledge that may have biased their
  selection of sample search pairs, an audio recording of a May 1985 speech by Rips has been uncovered. In the speech,
  Rips described an ELS/Bible Code experiment in which he used 20 rabbis. Of the 20, 15 of them were used by Witzum,
  Rips, and Rosenberg in the experiment detailed in the August 1994 issue of Statistical Science. Aicklen stated that the
  researchers invalidated the experiment by "loading the dice"; their list of names was tainted from a statistical point of
  view.

  The experiment by Witzum, Rips, and Rosenberg figured prominently in Michael Drosnin's 1997 book, The Bible Code.
  However, Aicklen has noted that Drosnin's book completely disregards all attempts at scientific methodology, that it
  drops too many names, and that all of the other players — including Witzum, Rips, and Rosenberg — agree that
  Drosnin's assertions in The Bible Code are groundless. This didn't stop Drosnin from making this statement in the June
  9, 1997, issue of Newsweek: "When my critics find a message about the assassination of a prime minister encrypted in
  Moby Dick, I'll believe them."

  Brendan McKay, one of the skeptics who critiqued the work of Witzum, Rips, and Rosenberg, rose to Drosnin's
  challenge. He found the sequences igandhi and thebloodydeed in the text of Moby Dick. The ELS igandhi is short for
  Indira Gandhi, a Prime Minister of India who was assassinated on October 31, 1984. That revelation was just for
  starters. McKay also constructed two other tableaus out of the novel. One contained the sequences moawad and
  burstopenthedoor; the other contained rene, moawad, and anexplodingbomb. These two tableaus and the sequences
  pointed to Rene Moawad, President of Lebanon, who was killed on November 22, 1989, when a bomb exploded beside
  his car.

  McKay, however, wasn't finished yet. Out of a single tableau from the text of Moby Dick, he pulled the sequences
  preparefordeath, mlking, tenn, killedbythem, gun, and usagentdeed. These sequences appeared to point to the
  assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr., who was fatally shot in Tennessee on April 4, 1968.

  During the meeting, without warning, someone in the audience who was looking through a back issue of The Skeptic
  claimed to find the equidistant letter sequences clinton, sex, and mon in an article by Pat Reeder. Does this mean that
  Reeder predicted that President Bill Clinton would be embroiled in a sex scandal involving intern Monica Lewinsky?


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1998/1998march/march1998.htm[16/01/2023 09:32:58]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  Aicklen decided to work up a hypothetical experiment similar to The Bible Code experiment. Take a state that issues
  license plates with codes of the format "XYZ 123." This will produce 17,576,000 possible plates for that one particular
  state. Aicklen then picked one particular license plate, GHA 039, which represents his initials and age. If he woke up in
  the morning and said "I think I'll see plate GHA 039 today," then walked outside and actually saw the plate on
  someone's car, that would be an amazing coincidence. If Aicklen were to predict seeing a new plate of his choosing each
  day, and then get his predictions right every single day, then he'd be on to something big. On the other hand, if Aicklen
  were to walk outside, see the plate GHA 039, and then "predict" that he'd see it, that's no big deal.

  Taking it a little further, Aicklen created a scenario where he would try to determine if there was a "pattern" to the
  assignment of license plates around the state. Making a "random" selection of cars around the state, he would notice that
  cars "near" him are much more likely to have plates that start with "G," and "distant" cars have no discernible pattern. Is
  Aicklen on to something?

  Aicklen took a skeptical look at such an experiement, asking if the selection of license plates was truly random. The
  criteria for selecting license plates would need to be examined, and if another sample were to be run with different
  plates, he would want to see if the supposed pattern was still evident. Aicklen had a few other questions for his own
  experiment. What happens if the experiment is run around someone else's house? How would distance be defined for the
  purposes of this experiment? Finally, is there any reason for Aicklen to wish that his house is special with respect to
  license plates?

  Summing everything up, Aicklen stated that any evidence for a true Torah code is dubious at best, and that genuine code
  researchers consider Drosnin's The Bible Code and similar works to be nonsense. He also stated that the existence of a
  Torah code would not prove the existence of God; at the same time, the lack of a Torah code is not significant to the
  question of whether or not God exists, let alone had a hand in writing the Bible.

  Thanks, Greg, for a wonderful and thought-provoking presentation! We hope to hear from you again soon.


  The third eye
  By Pat Reeder

  As I write this, news has just arrived that the Earth will not be destroyed by an asteroid in 2028, as was breathlessly
  reported two days ago (and it seemed plausible, since Inside Edition's Deborah Norville said the word had come from
  top "astrologers"). There was a full day's worth of scary pontificating, but the very next day, NASA announced that their
  more accurate calculations showed that the asteroid will miss us by 600,000 miles. See how math helps, kids? So the
  good news is that the world will not be destroyed, at least by this particular asteroid. The bad news is that means I have
  to write another column. Damned unreliable space rocks!

  Oh, well, at least I have more good news to kick it off with: the skeptics got a little ink in the national press today. This
  being a Friday the 13th with a full moon and a lunar eclipse on the same weekend as the Ides of March, A.P. reported
  that the chronically superstitious were feeling mighty shaky (those who didn't kill themselves over that asteroid story,
  anyway). A.P. also mentioned that some people from the Skeptical Inquirer marked the day by throwing away chain
  letters, walking under a ladder and smashing a large mirror. SI spokesman Matt Nisbet explained that it was to call
  attention to their crusade to promote rational thought based on reason, evidence and logic, though they probably didn't
  look very rational while they were doing all that stuff. The article did not mention whether anyone bumped his head on
  the ladder or cut himself on the broken glass.


                                                                         ...
  Scientology was much in the news this past month, thanks to a story that first appeared in George magazine, suggesting
  that President Clinton had intervened on behalf of Scientologists in Germany in order to win a more favorable portrayal


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1998/1998march/march1998.htm[16/01/2023 09:32:58]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  from Scientologist John Travolta in the movie Primary Colors. The White House denied it. They also denied that
  Clinton was planning to visit Berlin to proclaim, "Ich bin ein Scientologist!" Naturally, Republicans demanded an
  investigation. Personally, I'd just like to know how they got tax-exempt status.

  Still, despite its political intrigue and Hollywood star power, that was not my favorite Scientology Moment of the
  Month. That came as I waited for a haircut and had no other choice than to leaf through US magazine. There, I read a
  forceful defense of Scientology by noted theologian Jenna Elfman of Dharma & Greg, who said that people who attack
  it don't know the facts and should "read a book." When asked about charges that people who try to leave the group are
  harassed, Elfman exasperatedly replied that she couldn't possibly know about that, she's never tried to leave! May I
  timidly suggest that she read a Prometheus book?

  For some unfathomable reason, UPN reran that ludicrous Alien Abduction special. Despite the fact that everyone short
  of Tasmanian hermits now knows it's a hoax, UPN trumpeted that they had "new footage," digitally recovered from the
  blank tape static (run THAT one by your friendly neighborhood video engineer!). But here's the only new information
  you need: the video was originally shot for a made-for-TV movie to be called The McPherson Tapes. Ninety-two
  minutes worth of footage was shot (so no wonder there's "newly recovered footage"). The actors rehearsed for two
  weeks before filming and had no idea that their work would be passed off as a documentary. Of course, the most
  unbelievable part of this story is that those people actually rehearsed for two weeks before turning in those putrid
  performances. I would have sworn they were cold-reading off of cue cards that were at least 200 yards away. In a thick
  fog.


                                                                         ...
  Those who were depressed at the debunking of the Loch Ness Monster can once again perk up: Nessie has been
  photographed again and is back in the news! Scottish pet food salesman and amateur photographer Richard White said
  he "noticed an unusual disturbance halfway across the loch" and snapped some photos. I haven't seen them yet, but a
  group of British bookmakers awarded him an $825 prize for the best "Nessie" images of the year, not that there's that
  much competition. It's not clear whether the bookies are Nessie fans or just like to encourage public gullibility.


                                                                         ...
  For those keeping track of the Taiwanese cult who moved to Garland to await God's arrival in a flying saucer on March
  31, the latest scoop is that they have caused no trouble and seem to be quite law-abiding. One neighbor even gave them
  the ultimate Garland compliment: "They take real good care of their lawns." And despite the fact that they are a group of
  Oriental cultists dressed all in white and living in Hank Hill country, they are making a sincere effort to "fit in"...by
  wearing cowboy hats. And yes, they are white hats. That way, when God lands, He'll know who the good guys are.


                                                                         ...
  Princess Diana groupies who want their idol declared a saint got a boost for their cause this month with the first claim of
  a Diana-induced miracle. Harper's Bizarre fashion editor Liz Tilberis recalls that when she was battling ovarian cancer,
  she once had a particularly strong dose of chemotherapy and her blood cell count had dropped. Then, her pal Diana
  called to chat. That afternoon, a test showed her blood cell count had risen dramatically. Conveniently forgetting all that
  chemotherapy, Tilberis said, "I believe the princess was single-handedly responsible for getting me home to family —
  no one will ever convince me otherwise." So just two more miracles, and Princess Diana can officially be declared St.
  Diana. But I can't imagine anyone putting a St. Diana figurine on his car dashboard.


                                                                         ...
http://www.ntskeptics.org/1998/1998march/march1998.htm[16/01/2023 09:32:58]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  Finally, to no one's surprise, the world appears to be getting weirder. In fact, it was four percent weirder in 1997 than in
  1996, according to the Weirdness Index compiled by the British paranormal magazine, the Fortean Times.

  The Fortean Times compiles this index by doing what I do: monitoring the media for goofball paranormal stories,
  except they take them a lot more seriously (they argue that the world is getting weirder, I argue that standards for
  journalism are just getting lower). Anyway, among the tales that earned 1997 its ranking as the weirdest year since the
  magazine began keeping records were the Heaven's Gate suicides, Princess Diana car crash conspiracy theories, cloned
  sheep, a panic over penis-stealing magicians in South Africa, increased UFO and Virgin Mary sightings, and a rash of
  British Moslems claiming to have found verses from the Koran spelled out in seeds inside "holy vegetables."

  Still, I'm willing to bet that 1998 can easily surpass 1997's record Weirdness Index. It's only March, and already we
  have everything listed above, from the asteroid to the Garland cult, plus I haven't even mentioned Madonna morphing
  into an expert on spirituality. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go call some British bookmakers and check out the
  point spread.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1998/1998march/march1998.htm[16/01/2023 09:32:58]
