{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T22:57:54Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31349, "source_ctime_ns": 1788562635516363520, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-02-No-02---1988.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788562635515038681, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-02-No-02---1988.pdf", "source_sha256": "db374262d02f6ac6d4308a9a51b6e5cb64b3472c18eed42a7e4e70d3ee6f38b3"}

The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 2 Number 2                    www.ntskeptics.org                               March/April 1988


  In this month's issue:
          NTS News
          NTS Goes to the Fair
          0ops!
          Meeting Schedule
          Questions Raised by the Psychic Fair


  NTS News
  The election results are in, and we now have a new board. The voting Fellows have elected John Thomas as Chair, Mel
  Zemek as Co -chair , Eddie Vela as Secretary-Treasurer, and Tony Dousette has taken over the role of newsletter
  editor/production and liaison.

  We look forward to 1988 as an eventful and active year. John Thomas has gotten us off to a good start with his
  confrontation with the Cystic Fibrosis Psychic Fair (See "NTS Goes to the Fair"). Our activities have, in fact, been well-
  received by the national foundation, They don't want the kind of association with Psychic activities that John Thomas
  has uncovered.

  We've also started contacting the local media to provide an alternative to Pseudoscience. Letters have been written to
  The Dallas Morning News, The Dallas Times-Herald, and The Fort Worth Star-Telegram requesting that they run a
  disclaimer on their astrology columns. Our position is that newspapers have an obligation to give their readers an
  accurate picture of the world, as science understands it, and we point out that astrology has no empirical basis. We've
  suggested this disclaimer:

          "The following astrological forecasts should be read for entertainment only. Such predictions have no
          reliable basis in scientific fact.''

  We'll publish any responses in the next issue of The Skeptic.

  This newsletter may seem a bit early. Actually, we've decided to go from a quarterly to a bimonthly schedule. We'll
  need, though, your support. Articles, book reviews and letters are welcome. And if you've had any encounters with
  practitioners of the irrational arts, let us know about it. As long as we've got enough contributions, we'll continue to
  publish bimonthly. We do have one article for the May/June issue, but more are needed. Let us hear from you!

  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988marchapril/marchapril1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:40:57]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  NTS Goes to the Fair
  The local chapter of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation recently sponsored a psychic fair in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.
  After NTS raised questions about the propriety of such sponsorship, Martha Edens, executive director of the local
  chapter, announced that a planned psychic fair in Denton will be cancelled and that the Foundation will no longer
  sponsor such events. Ms. Edens said that, in any event, the fair had not raised the money hoped for.

  NTS attended the fair held January 3rd at the Doubletree Inn in Dallas. It was a typical production, with about thirty
  psychics, astrologers, graphologists and card readers sitting before tables in a conference room. Also present were
  dealers in metaphysical books and crystal objects. Among the numerous books on display were many that dealt with
  healing and health. One, "Heal Your Body," by Louise L. Hay, claimed that Cystic fibrosis had a metaphysical cause
  and a similar care. Another, "Crystal Healing" by Katarina Raphael, promoted healing by the use of crystal power,
  though without mentioning cystic fibrosis.

  Persons in charge at the fair wore lapel stickers with the Foundation's name and logo, and promotional material stated
  that the fair was "presented" by the Foundation. Carol Belt, a director of the Tarrant County branch of the local chapter,
  was acting as cashier. She told us she saw no contradiction in a scientific research organization sponsoring such events,
  because the intent was to raise money. Notwithstanding the statement on the handouts available that All proceeds go
  directly to Cystic

  Fibrosis Research", it appears that fair receipts were split evenly between the Foundation and the participating psychics.
  The psychics were selected by a screening committee of Foundation volunteers on the basis of whether or not they were
  "good at what they do." Ms. Belt did not believe they were tested to see if they could actually do what they claim:
  predict the future, predict personality traits, etc. When asked about the Hay book, she expressed surprise and said that
  she would look into the matter.

  NTS followed up by contacting Dr. Robert Kramer, a medical consultant for the Foundation, and professor of pediatric
  medicine at the UT Health Science Center. It soon became apparent that there was a lack of communication between the
  Foundation's fund-raising and research activities. Dr. Kramer told us he was shocked to learn that the Foundation had
  sponsored a psychic fair. He saw a definite conflict between such events and the Foundation's scientific mission,
  characterizing the event as "a giant step backward." When asked about the Hay book and its claims about cystic fibrosis,
  Dr. Kramer said if such claims were true, then his twenty-five years of medical training and experience were "all
  wrong." He told us he would immediately express his opposition to such activities to the local foundation leadership.

  Our contacts with the Foundation's national office in Maryland showed that the gap between science and money-raising
  also existed at that level. Mr. Rich Mattingly, vice-president for field operations, told us he saw no reason to
  disassociate the Foundation from a group because of a particular belief, as long as the group was legal and ethical. He
  said he was not a doctor and could not comment on the claims in the Hay book about cystic fibrosis, although he did
  state that the Foundation's work was based on scientific research. He expressed no opinion about whether or not there
  was any scientific validity to the claims of astrologers or psychics. After being told of Dr. Kramer's opposition to such
  activities, Mr. Mattingly shifted his position somewhat and said he would not want to lend the credibility of the
  Foundation to pseudoscience beliefs.

  We interviewed Ms. Edens after she had conferred with Dr. Kramer. She told us she had approved the two fairs recently
  held, but that she had done so believing that they offered only entertainment. She is not a believer herself in the claims
  of psychics and astrologers. Ms. Edens said that the fund-raising staff does not generally have scientific or medical
  training, but all volunteers attend orientation sessions on the medical aspects of cystic fibrosis, and paid staff members
  attend annual training at the national headquarters.

  NTS has sent a letter to the national headquarters of the Foundation, urging our opinion that its sponsorship of psychic
  fairs gives pseudoscience claims credibility with an unwary public and discounts the rational, scientific approach to the
  study of our world by implying that science and pseudoscience are equally valid.


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988marchapril/marchapril1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:40:57]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  [Back to top]


  0ops!
  Our thanks to Mark Meyer for his work in designing our logo. We failed to credit him with his efforts in the last issue.

  Readers may be interested in another newsletter published locally. This is On T.O.P. (On Those Opposed to
  Pseudoscience), edited by Dr. Raymond A. Eve of UTA. On T.O.P. aims to acquaint academics, administrators, policy
  makers and others dealing with pseudoscience with each other and to describe their respective interests. Those interested
  in such networking may write Dr. Eve at

  The Department of Sociology
  Anthropology Social Work Box 19599
  285 University Hall
  University of Texas at Arlington
  Arlington, TX 76819.

  [Back to top]


  Meeting Schedule
  March 28: Dr. Arthur Babick will speak on "Researching with Psychics." Dr. Babick is assisting the North Texas
  Parapsychology Association with research on psychic ability. Hear from a man with feet in both camps.

  April 17: Dr. Harry Reeder, professor of philosophy at UTA, will speak on critical thinking and the analysis of
  arguments. Critical thinking skills are the basic equipment every skeptic needs to separate fact from fiction. Can they be
  learned, or must we be born with them?

  May 22: Hope Evans of the Cult Awareness Council will speak on "Cults in America." Destructive aspects of these
  cults, and their ability to feed on people's lack of skepticism, will be discussed.

  All meetings will the at 2:00 p.m., Room 101, University Hall, University of Texas at Arlington (Corner of Cooper and
  Campus Drive. )

  [Back to top]


  Questions Raised by the Psychic Fair
  The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation affair reported elsewhere in this issue raises some interesting questions. Why did the
  dedicated and intelligent people involved in fund-raising for this organization fail to recognize that most of the beliefs
  promoted by the psychic fair participants were inconsistent with the Foundation's research philosophy? Why did a vice-
  president of the national organization decline to give even an opinion about the claims of astrologers or psychics? Why,
  even though the Foundation's find-raising staff is apparently given solid information about the medical aspects of cystic
  fibrosis and current research into its cause and cure? Somehow, this knowledge about medical research did not spill over
  and help its recipients better evaluate competing claims about health and healing.

  The problem, I believe, is that most persons, including the Foundation's staffers, lack an understanding of how science


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988marchapril/marchapril1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:40:57]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  works. They do not understand the scientific method and how it gives reliable, public knowledge of the world. Scientific
  thinking is a prophylactic measure against various biases and errors in thinking that we are all susceptible to:

          We all tend to make certain cognitive mistakes. We tend to generalize from personal experience -- what we
          know seems to be the general rule. We tend not to question the first plausible explanation for a
          phenomenon. We cannot estimate probabilities well, and we have a powerful bias against chance. We want
          to find patterns in random information, or seek explanations for coincidence, when there is nothing to be
          explained. (The latter tendency is the basis of most fortune-telling systems).

          Social and cultural influences make some beliefs more attractive for us than others. Ideas about the world
          and about human behavior from our early socialization can be very hard to shake. Also, some
          pseudoscience beliefs put excitement into "dull" lives, or give us a comfortable feeling that we understand
          our lives and are in control.

          We give uncritical acceptance to much of what we see in newspapers or on television. Personal testimonials
          are especially powerful. Sadly, many news writers and reporters take pseudoscience claims at face value.
          Outrageous claims are rarely challenged, and if they are debunked, the follow-up seems to be given much
          less play than the initial report. The news media tend to report stories about scientific research in a simple-
          minded manner. A new discovery Is a "break through," when in reality it is almost always the culmination
          of a long series of studies, building on prior data and prior theories.

  It is always important to teach the content of science, but a knowledge of content alone may only result in critical
  thinking in one area and general credulity in all others. The knowledge is simply handed down from on high, and the
  science consumer may have no better reason to believe it than that it came from some authoritative source. Refutation
  and debunking of pseudoscience claims is necessary, but debunking alone will not help us adequately evaluate
  competing claims and arrive at sound conclusions. Education in the scientific method and critical thinking is essential.

  --John Thomas

  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1988/1988marchapril/marchapril1988.htm[16/01/2023 16:40:57]
