{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T02:32:49Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 43027, "source_ctime_ns": 1790211691373567593, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-11-No-11---1997.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790211691368148708, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-11-No-11---1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "ab6f5a14aa5bbcd7b976e4c9d70e8eebeb5d6c3d2ce49f80289fc3d9bb3f8557"}

The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 11 Number 11                      www.ntskeptics.org                          November 1997


  In this month's issue:
          Startling news at MIOS
          The third eye
          Plutonium Twaddle
          Good news, almost
          Contacting the NTS


  Startling news at MIOS
  by John Blanton

  Not much surprises me anymore at the MIOS (Metroplex Institute for Origin Science) meetings. Turns out that's what it
  was this time.

  Don Patton started it off. He had spent a busy past two weeks, he told me, including attending the Annual Meeting of
  the Geological Society of America in Salt Lake City on October 23 (AKA, Millennium Day). He chided me to the
  effect, "You accuse creationists of never publishing in refereed journals." He had done just that he said.

  This was stunning news. "What refereed journal?" He reminded me this was the GSA. Trying to play dumb (easy
  sometimes) I repeated the question. Don conceded that Geology is the official journal of the GSA. At this point I was
  doing an internal check to see if my brain had reset. Could this stuff about Millennium miracles really be true.

  While waiting for the evening talk to begin I continued the mental inventory. I went through an exercise I perform out
  of habit with the creationists, and one point filtered out: Don never said he published in Geology.

  After repeating for the audience what he had told me, Don introduced the night's speaker, David Meyers. David is a
  bright, enthusiastic and energetic biology teacher in the honors program at McArthur High School in Irving. He is surely
  the best kind of teacher a public school like McArthur High can get, unfortunately for the McArthur High honors
  students.

  David's talk was on "The Consequences of Evolution," and he reminded us he is a creationist who tries to encourage his
  students to question the bases for evolution and to be ready to examine the alternatives. He even had one in mind.

  David has been at McArthur for twenty years, and he became a creationist within the last fifteen. The inability of
  science to give purpose, he told us, led him to favor "creation" rather than the purely mechanistic processes allowed by
  evolution. He doesn't use "evolution" in his lectures. Rather he likes the term "change by chance." Also, he uses
  "intelligent design" instead of "creation."

  "Social Darwinism" is another hobgoblin of David's. It's a natural outgrowth of Darwinism, he told us, and it has been

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1997/1997november/november1997.htm[16/01/2023 09:37:12]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  used to justify oppression and genocide in recent history. Without evolution there would be no "social Darwinism." This
  seemed to be a repetition of a theme that runs through creationism as well as a number of other strained belief systems.
  The consequences are so odious, the news must be wrong.

  David is a "young-Earth" creationist. Good thing. Otherwise he would have been a dog in the manger at MIOS.
  Anyhow, in all his science training he has remained convinced that those bright minds, his teachers, plus the scientists
  working in the field and in the lab are all either lying or deluded. Radiological dating is wrong. The geological evidence
  is wrong. The evidence from DNA sequencing is wrong. The archeological evidence of pre-Genesis civilizations is
  wrong. The evidence from cosmology is wrong. Someone is fooling someone. Or else someone hasn't been doing their
  homework.

  He never got into the details of his classroom lectures, but I don't think he stands up before all his students and tells
  them that evolution and modern geology are just a lie. He says he encourages them "to examine both sides of the issue."

  In an article in the October issue of Scientific American titled "What Are They Thinking?" author Rebecca Zacks
  discusses why students don't believe in evolution. Harvard University researcher Brian J. Alters and University of
  Southern California educational psychologist William B. Michael recently surveyed more than 1,200 college freshmen.
  Forty-five percent reject evolution, and these predominately hold erroneous beliefs about science in general and
  evolution in particular. Philip M. Sadler, director of science education at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for
  Astrophysics agrees with Alters that school curricula should meet these misconceptions head on. For children "the
  process of learning science is a process of abandoning their own previous views" according to Sadler. Without specific
  evidence "the ideas simply will not change." David Meyers' talk leaves me with the feeling that his students will not get
  that evidence.

  I look forward to more excitement in the future at MIOS. This night Don Patton showed us more of his marvelous
  photos of petroglyphs by prehistoric Americans showing live dinosaurs. The depiction of the triceratops is especially
  striking when you use your imagination. How could the Indians have made these drawings if dinosaurs died out 64
  million years ago he asks. Additionally, he now has video of mammoths in Nepal, where the beasts account for 200
  dead civilians a year (in addition to the toll from tigers and pythons). Don's going to show us the tape as soon as he gets
  permission.

  Finally, I wanted to confirm the remarkable news about Don's publication in a refereed journal. I chatted with him
  before leaving. In what issue of Geology could I find his paper? Well, not exactly in Geology he cautioned. He and
  David McQueen had only delivered a paper at the meeting about rapid sedimentation, and it would be printed in the
  meeting's proceedings. But it was refereed. Here is the note from the session schedule published by the GSA:

          McQueen, David R.*, Patton, Don , Swift, Dennis : CATASTROPHIC DEPOSITIONAL EVENTS WITHIN
          THE UPPER EOCENE (LATE UINTAN?) PARACAS FORMATION OF COASTAL PERU [50598]

  This is a subject Don has aired previously at the MIOS meetings, and it's a story in itself. For those interested I have the
  abstract and URLs to the GSA Web pages.


  The third eye
  By Pat Reeder

  Shame on you, you evil skeptics! You, with your ceaseless reasonable questions and insatiable requests for scientific
  evidence! YOU are personally responsible for poisoning the air, killing children, boiling the oceans, exterminating
  animal species, making the ozone layer look like a big slice of Swiss cheese, and cooking Mother Earth into a big,
  flaming marshmallow that will soon be spinning helplessly into the blazing inferno of the sun!!!

  Whoops, sorry. I've just been so immersed in the cauldron of overheated special interest group propaganda and half-
  baked pseudoscientific hooey that passes for news here at the End of History, I got caught up in the popular fervor. Yes,


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1997/1997november/november1997.htm[16/01/2023 09:37:12]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  you might have thought that this is football season or the holiday season, but if you've tuned in to a network newscast
  recently, you know that it is, in fact, Open Season on Skeptics.

  The chief witch-hunter hunter is, of course, America's #1 pollution-hating tobacco farmer, Al Gore. After several years
  of haranguing the president with factoids gleaned from such shaky prognosticators as Paul Ehrlich and Jeremy Rifkin,
  Gore seems to have convinced Bill Clinton that global warming is not merely a possibility but is already happening,
  despite the fact that U.S. weather satellites have recorded a drop in temperature of about half a degree Fahrenheit over
  the past 20 years. (Sorry! There I go again, yielding to my evil skeptical tendencies and dragging facts into a discussion
  of global warming. I'll try to control myself.)

  Anyhoo, Al and his fellow global warmers have borrowed a page from Joseph Goebbels, to wit: "If you can just get the
  media to repeat something often enough, even if it's a load of absolute drivel, people will start to believe it." Thus, he
  sponsored that surreal White House global warming conference for TV weathermen (good luck telling them apart from
  the politicians), in the hope that their viewers would be gullible enough to believe that someone who can't tell them if
  it's going to rain next weekend can accurately predict what the temperature will be in 2015.

  By a bad stroke of luck, a handful of the weather forecasters actually knew something about the weather, and Al's global
  warming pitch met with a cool front from them. However, there was no such resistance from general news reporters,
  and now, every story on the environment that comes from ABC News (America's number one news source, God help
  us) begins with an intro. something along the lines of, "With most scientists now in full agreement that global warming
  is a reality..." They've also birthed a new cliché: "2500 scientists, including many Nobel Prize winners, have signed on
  to a UN report confirming the existence of global warming." This assertion is total poppycock, but it has been repeated
  so often, virtually verbatim, that it has now been drilled into the heads of the public like a mantra, and vast numbers of
  Americans seriously believe we're all about to shrivel up from global warming, just as we were all about to shiver to
  death from the new ice age back in the early 1970s.

  Of course, any campaign to rouse the populace to action or sacrifice must consist of two elements. Propaganda is only
  half the equation. You must also come up with a scapegoat, and I am honored to inform you that it is (drum-roll)...us!
  That's right, fellow skeptics: just as I pointed out in the first paragraph, we are to blame. From Al Gore's Earth In The
  Balance to Ross Gelbspan's operatically overblown bestseller The Heat Is On, global warming skeptics are depicted as
  sneaky minions of coal and oil companies (where's my check, Exxon?), hampering desperately-needed draconian
  measures to save the earth by lobbing endless and pointless questions, such as, "What global warming?" and "Do you
  have any scientific evidence at all that the problem you want to spend $300 billion of our money to fix actually exists?"

  Zealots like Gore and Gelbspan have attacked skeptics by name, urged that they be ignored or silenced, barred highly-
  credentialed skeptical scientists from participating in conferences on global warming, and in some cases, baldly accused
  skeptics of being paid corporate stooges and agents of death and destruction. Maybe they should just build concentration
  camps for us. After all, we're the only people left who know how to concentrate.

  If you think I'm overstating the level of hatred that has been stirred up against skeptics, then you obviously missed a
  recent episode of ABC's "Politically Incorrect." Host Bill Maher is a very witty comedian, but sadly, he seems to get all
  his information on the environment straight from Al Gore, just as he gets all his information on wildlife and Native
  American history from Disney cartoons. His guests on this show included actor/writer/lawyer Ben Stein and
  environmentalist/ex-"Baywatch" actress Alexandra Paul.

  The subject was doomsday environmentalism, and Maher and Paul were full of it, in every sense of that term. Stein,
  obviously a very well-read man, was appalled at the nonsense he was hearing, but he answered the charges calmly and
  rationally, citing facts that backed him up about air quality, total forest acreage, etc. Well, nothing upsets a fanatic like a
  fact expressed calmly, and Paul and Maher began screaming like hyenas. At one point, Maher angrily yelled at Stein
  that yes, he DOES believe global warming is going on right now, the planet is dying, we're running out of resources,
  he's going to die from breathing the air, "and it's all the fault of people like YOU!" That is, people who answer hysteria
  with facts. You know: skeptics.

  Three of my favorite exchanges from the show: When Stein followed Maher's outburst by asking him, "Bill, do you
  REALLY believe you're going to die from breathing air?" Yes, Maher firmly replied, he does. (He should STOP

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1997/1997november/november1997.htm[16/01/2023 09:37:12]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  breathing it and see how long he lives)...When Maher answered one of Stein's arguments by shouting, "That's not true!
  Where are you getting this crap?!" and Stein deadpanned, "From the Statistical Abstract of the United States"...And one
  of the all-time classic TV moments, when an arm-waving Alexandra Paul defended the high-minded population control
  methods of the Chinese government ("Crunch!" go the tank treads) by declaring, "There are a billion Chinese! If they
  increase their population just one percent a year, that's 100 million people!" Stein stared at her for a second,
  dumbfounded, then said, "That's ten percent." Guess the auditions for "Baywatch" didn't involve a math quiz.

  None of this is to say that there is nothing to global warming. There might be, and there might not be. It certainly merits
  further study, but that's not what the alarmists want: they want total control, right now, and they want to convince you
  that there's no time to think about it. Sorry, I don't accept that tactic from car salesmen, and I won't accept it from them.
  It's in these manufactured "crisis" situations that it's most vital to ask tough questions and demand answers based on real
  science. If questioning our leaders be treason, then let us make the most of it.

  Well, at least when the brown-shirted eco-warriors come to drag you away for being too logical, you can't say I didn't
  warn you. In the meantime, I'll suggest a little light reading, to prove that not all scientists swallow the global warming
  line.

  On June 17, the New York Times ran an interesting article by William K. Stevens about former National Academy of
  Sciences president Dr. Frederick Seitz's contention that the UN report on global warming was altered and corrupted by
  political partisans, to make it look more conclusive than it really is. The very next day, the Times ran a profile on
  climate expert Dr. Richard S. Lindzen of NAS and MIT, who has taken many slings and arrows for flatly stating that
  there is no evidence to support the global warming hypothesis, and that to trust the computer models which predict
  global warming "is like trusting a ouija board." Lindzen explains his views in detail and also claims that he has gotten
  many calls and letters from skeptics in the scientific community who agree with him but won't say so, either because
  they fear for their careers or because they know that jumping on the global warming bandwagon is a great way to keep
  those grant dollars flowing in. This is science?

  If you'd like to read those articles, they can be found on AOL in the NY Times archives, or you can come up to my
  remote mountain hideout, where I'll be safely locked up with my canned pemmican and my skeptical reading material,
  waiting for the end of Dark Ages II.

  Speaking of menacing the populace with imaginary hobgoblins, Washington Post columnist James Glassman had an
  excellent column recently on how easy it is to manipulate scientifically illiterate people. It concerned Nathan Zohner,
  14, of Idaho Falls, Idaho. For his junior high science project last spring, Nathan passed around a petition to ban
  "Dihydrogen Monoxide: The Unrecognized Killer." The petition claimed that DHMO causes the deaths of thousands of
  Americans each year through accidental ingestion, causes severe burns in gaseous form, is so corrosive it destroys
  metal, is a major component of acid rain, has been found in cancerous tumors, causes excessive sweating and urination,
  and for people who have developed a dependency on it, complete withdrawal causes certain death.

  Nathan told his fellow students that they could discuss this with their teachers before signing, but 86 percent of them
  thought Dihydrogen Monoxide sounded so dangerous, they signed the petition to ban it without even bothering to ask
  the chemistry professor what it was. If they had, they would have learned that it is water. Nathan's science project was
  called "How Gullible Are We?" and it won the grand prize. Sorry, I don't know if Al Gore presented it to him.


                                                                        ...
  Entertainment Tonight recently ran a feature on Hollywood Scientologists, such as John Travolta, Tom Cruise, Kirstie
  Alley and Jenna "Dharma & Greg" Elfman (she's Dharma, or couldn't you guess?). The piece offered the first-ever peek
  inside the luxurious detox center in L.A. that the rich and famous pay thousands of dollars to use, along with some
  hilarious descriptions of that marvelous L. Ron Hubbard cleansing process.

  As the eminent toxicologist Kelly Preston (Mrs. Travolta) explained it, all the drugs you've ever taken are locked in your
  fat cells, and you remove them through a combination of vitamins and saunas. Especially entertaining were her mimicry


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1997/1997november/november1997.htm[16/01/2023 09:37:12]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  of an anesthetized dental patient as she described how her mouth suddenly went numb when she "sweated out"
  Novocain she'd gotten years ago, and her wide-eyed declaration that this is all on the level, because it was developed
  with the assistance of "doctors and stuff."


                                                                        ...
  Finally, the Heaven's Gate mansion is up for sale! Sorry, bargain hunters: the owner expects he'll be able to get his
  asking price of $1.6 million, despite its history as a launching pad for lunatics. Randall Bell, who specializes in
  appraising notorious properties, was hired to assess the sales potential, and he thinks it's pretty high.

  Bell has developed a 10-point checklist to determine the level of stigma on a property, including "media attention,"
  "death and injuries on site," "event takes on a name" (so far, it's looking bad), "lingering physical reminders of the
  incident" (Bell says the blood stains are out of the carpet, and I assume that all the Nike boxes have been carted away),
  and "public perception that the situation could reoccur." He lucked out on that last one, since thanks to the castration
  ritual, it's extremely doubtful that there will be a "Heaven's Gate: The Next Generation."

  So if you have $1.6 mil, I say, "Go for it." You know it isn't haunted, because they all went to the spaceship. If they do
  ever decide to come back, there are plenty of spare bedrooms and the tennis court will make a perfect landing pad for
  the UFO. And besides, if you reject every house that ever held a group of wacko cultists, you'll never be able to live in
  Southern California.


  Plutonium Twaddle
  by Ed Hiserodt

  Editor's note: This op-ed column originally ran in the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette on October 25. It is reprinted by
  permission of the author, who grants blanket reprint permission. John Blanton will have a reply in next month's issue.)

  Oscar Wilde once quipped about journalism: "In giving us the opinions of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with the
  ignorance of the community."

  Never has this been more true than with recent reporting about the launch of the Cassini satellite and its plutonium
  power supply.

  We were led to believe, by media totally uncritical of the anti-nuclear activists, that there was a danger to millions of
  people in Florida from a "tragedy" during launch. The culprit was the 72 pounds of plutonium used to generate electrical
  power during the five-year voyage.

  First, they would have the rocket explode, ejecting the power supply and scattering the battery-sized stainless steel
  canisters in which the offending material is welded. By some hitherto unknown physical process, the canisters would
  rupture, and plutonium slugs would change to dust and find their way into the bodies of millions of people. Wholesale
  death by plutonium would then ensue.

  OK, let's grant the anti-Cassinoids their argument about dispersal of plutonium over Florida. It doesn't really matter.
  What few people outside the nuclear industry know is that plutonium is not particularly dangerous.

  What? Didn't the Wall Street Journal tell us that Plutonium was toxic beyond all human experience? Haven't we read
  that plutonium was the most toxic substance known to man? Yes, but those statements are either lies or ravings of the
  uninformed. Whichever, it is time they are refuted.

  Plutonium, the 94th element to be discovered and the first which was man-made, was named in honor of a recent (at that
  time) planetary discovery, as had been Neptunium and Uranium before it. The 11th most toxic heavy metal, it falls

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1997/1997november/november1997.htm[16/01/2023 09:37:12]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  between lead arsenate (plutonium is one-10th as toxic) and caffeine (plutonium is 10 times as toxic). This "scourge of
  humanity" is one-trillionth as toxic as botulinus toxin in the bloodstream. Toxicity, incidentally, is measured by
  comparing the weights of doses which will kill 50 percent of the same type of mammal.

  But what about "searing radiation"? Utter twaddle! Plutonium is primarily an alpha emitter as it radioactively decays.
  Funny thing about alpha radiation: in most circumstances, it is harmless. The rays are stopped by a few inches of air or a
  thin sheet of paper. You could carry a chunk around in your pocket or purse for years with less effect on your body than
  the background radiation received in your living room.

  Surely, you say, there must be SOME basis for the alleged dangers of plutonium. That's true. It has long been thought
  that inhaling plutonium in a fine dust would cause lung cancer, since the weak alpha radiation would adversely affect
  lung tissue, being virtually embedded in it. Because of this, a standard was set limiting the amount of plutonium dust
  that workers can inhale.

  In 1945, an accident in the Hartford plutonium plant subjected 26 workers to lung burdens 25 times that deemed
  permissible. According to Dr. John Gofman, the anti-Cassini scientific spokesman on 60 Minutes and long-time
  professional anti-nuke spokesman, this amount of plutonium should have resulted in 1,500 lung cancers — quite a load
  for 26 pairs of lungs to tote.

  So how does the good doctor's opinion square with reality? Not so good. After 40 years, all but three "victims" were still
  living. One had died in a car crash and two from unrelated heart disease. None had developed cancer, and their death
  rate was less than half the expected number for their age group.

  A prudent man might well consider the risk of cancer from inhaling plutonium dust to be somewhat exaggerated.

  What, then, is the Cassini uproar all about? Quite simple. The anti-technologists, who would destroy modern technology
  that we might toil endlessly to eke out an existence and then die young in a pristine environment, see this as a great
  propaganda opportunity. They can take advantage of media attention to demonize plutonium and, along with it,
  everything nuclear.

  Interestingly, this seems to be happening in concert with the global-warming baloney being exuded from the White
  House. Anyone who suggests changing to nuclear-based power, you see, will be hooted down as a politically incorrect
  heretic. The modern-day Luddites can then reinforce the idea in the public mind that technology is bad, dangerous and
  inhumane.

  Will they be successful in tricking the American people into believing that plutonium, along with alar, asbestos, dioxin
  and PCBs, is a significant danger? Absolutely. It has already been done. Ask your neighbor if he would rather have an
  ounce of plutonium or an alligator under his bed.

  (Ed Hiserodt is an aerospace engineer and an electrical control manufacturer's representative. He has no connection
  with the nuclear power industry.)


  Good News, Almost
  by John Blanton

  As we go to press there comes some good news for a change. However, allow me to look a bit on the dark side of it.

  The Dallas Morning News carries the headline "Education board gives Texas' schoolbook purchase tentative OK." What
  they are saying in a story by Terrence Stutz is that the State Board of Education has approved the purchase of a biology
  text that is favorable to the theory of evolution. The short side is that of 14 members, five of them voted against the
  purchase because of this favorable treatment. Let me repeat that: Five supposedly educated and responsible members of
  society whom the people of Texas have chosen to represent their interests, still believe that supernatural forces were


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1997/1997november/november1997.htm[16/01/2023 09:37:12]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  responsible for the creation of our own species.

  According to The News, board member Richard Watson led the opposition. He maintained the book violated State law
  because it did not point out weaknesses in the theory of evolution. He is quoted as saying "The Darwinian hypothesis is
  on very shaky ground to begin with," and he also read a list of inaccuracies in the book. The book's author, Kenneth
  Miller from Brown University, rejected each complaint and pointed out that Watson's list "was from an old newsletter
  commenting on another biology book." Further, the board noted that passages from the book represented evolution to be
  theory, despite Mr. Watson's statements to the contrary.

  One disheartening aspect of the whole affair was the politicization of the issue. All of the board members belong to
  either the Republican or the Democratic parties, and the voting showed a distinct political bias. While three Republicans
  voted for the text along with the Democratic members, all of those opposed were members of the Republican Party. We
  can only hope that, in the future, facts of science will not be determined by political allegiance.

  Creationist biology teacher David Meyers, speaking at the MIOS meeting this month (see the related story in this issue),
  told of his disappointment with the outcome of the approval process. Meyers was on the review committee (which
  provides recommendations to the Board), and his viewpoint obviously lost this round. In previous years NTS member
  Ron Hastings participated in the review process. Ron has a Ph.D. in physics from Texas A&M University and teaches
  science in Waxahachie. His support was beneficial in making sure that evolution was included in the current texts.


  Contacting the NTS
  If you have questions or need assistance in the area of skepticism, or otherwise would like to contact The North Texas
  Skeptics, use the phone numbers and/or Internet addresses below:

  John Blanton (Secretary)
  972-306-3187 (home)
  ntskeptics@mindspring.com

  Keith Blanton (editor)
  NewRadical@aol.com

  The NTS Web Site
  http://www.ntskeptics.org/


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1997/1997november/november1997.htm[16/01/2023 09:37:12]
