{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T07:14:30Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 57661, "source_ctime_ns": 1790259388148111229, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-04-No-05---1990.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790259388132814412, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/North-Texas-Skeptic---Vol-04-No-05---1990.pdf", "source_sha256": "7ebf8e8c0b0142f03f27b884658aba75131ed37ae0566c6c121ccec1fa6349a9"}

The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics
  Volume 4 Number 5                www.ntskeptics.org                                         September/October 1990


  In this month's issue:
          The Foundation for Thought and Ethics
          The Shroud Comes to Plano
          SUPPING WITH THE SPECTERS
          1990 International Conference on Creationism
          Update On Texas Biology Textbook Adoptions
          Noteworthy


  The Foundation for Thought and Ethics
  by John A. Thomas

  (This article appears in the July-August 1990 issue of NCSE Reports, the newsletter of the National Center for Science
  Education, and is reprinted with permission.)

  Readers of NCSE Reports are aware that a new creationist organization is making its influence felt. Scott Brande has
  described the efforts of Haughton Publishing Co. to get the book Pandas and People adopted as a supplementary text in
  Alabama. (NCSE Reports 9(6):5 and 10(1):8). Pandas presents the "intelligent design" version of the origin of species in
  an attractive wrapper without any explicit sign of religious creationism. (See the review in NCSE Reports 10(1):16.)
  Those curious about the origin of Pandas itself might wonder why the book's copyright is held not by the publisher, but
  by the Foundation for Thought and Ethics of Richardson, Texas. "Haughton Publishing Co." is the assumed name of
  Horticultural Printers, Inc., a large Dallas printing firm mainly serving the agriculture industry. Haughton has no other
  books in print, nor does it have in-house writers or science advisors. Pandas is entirely the creation of the Foundation for
  Thought and Ethics (FTE).

  Officials at FTE refused my requests for an interview, but there is enough evidence in the public record and the
  Foundation's publications to give an adequate sketch of its goals and methods. FTE was formed in 1980 as a tax-exempt
  charitable and educational organization. The incorporator and current president is Jon Buell, an ordained minister. Buell
  earlier served on the staff of Campus Crusade for Christ, and in 1972, formed Probe Ministries with evangelist Jim
  Williams.

  The other major figure in FTE is Charles Thaxton, its "Director of Curriculum Research." Thaxton holds a Ph.D. in
  chemistry, and co-authored an earlier FTE-sponsored book, The Mystery of Life's Origin. Mystery offered a skeptical
  look at current theories of abiogenesis and closed with a chapter advocating a hypothesis of special creation to explain
  the origin of life. Thaxton is also a Fellow of the American Scientific Affiliation, an organization of theistic scientists
  which requires assent from its members to a statement of Christian principles. (You may remember the ASA for its
  publication a few years ago of Teaching Science in a Climate of Controversy, a nice packaging of old-earth


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1990/1990septemberoctober/septemberoctober1990.htm[16/01/2023 16:27:15]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  creationism.)

  Although FTE claims to be publishing science books, it obviously has a religious agenda. Buell refers to FTE as a
  "Christian think-tank" in the original application for recognition as a tax-exempt organization. FTE's articles of
  incorporation state that its purpose is both religious and educational, and includes "...proclaiming, publishing, preaching
  [and] teaching ... the Christian Gospel and understanding of the Bible and the light it sheds on the academic and social
  issues of the day." The application referred to says the organization's first activity would be the editing of a book
  "...showing the scientific evidence for creation."

  FTE publishes an occasional newsletter, and in 1985 it commissioned a poll of high-school science teachers to show
  potential publishers that a market existed for a book on intelligent design. FTE has also sponsored at least one seminar
  on the creation/evolution debate, but most of its income has been absorbed by the production and marketing of its two
  books. Its contributors have obviously been willing to put their money up for the long run, hoping for the eventual
  success of Mystery and Pandas.

  Federal tax records also show that FTE's money-raising efforts are effective. This is clearly not a group run out of a
  church basement by inexperienced volunteers. From its formation until late 1988, FTE has raised some $828,220,
  almost all of it from donations. About one-fourth of this money has come from eight individuals, churches and
  businesses. One Dallas-area church has donated more than $14,000, and one individual, $57,920. The current budget is
  about $15,000 a month. Buell is the only salaried employee.

  Recently, FTE's letters have included pleas for donations to cover budget shortfalls. One letter says the Foundation
  expects Pandas to be a significant financial resource eventually, but presently donations have dropped off while FTE
  has devoted most of its fund-raising time to getting the book into the market.

  FTE has also been successful in collecting prominent names for its letterhead, many with Ph.D.'s following. Besides the
  officers and directors, FTE's letterhead includes a "Board of Reference," to provide occasional advice. Some persons
  listed, such as Norm Sonju and Bob Breunig, are prominent Dallas residents. Others are local business leaders. Michael
  J. Woodruff is director of the Center for Law and Religious Freedom, a group which filed an amicus brief with the U.S.
  Supreme Court supporting the Louisiana "equal-time" act. Francis H. Hare, Jr., a prominent Birmingham attorney,
  represented Haughton at the Alabama textbook hearings. FTE also boasts a "Council of Academic and Educational
  Advisors." These include, besides Thaxton and the authors of Pandas, Joseph Sobran, an editor of National Review,
  Charles M. Duke Jr., an Apollo astronaut, and Lois Harbaugh, Secretary of the National Science Supervisors
  Association. Others hold positions at major universities around the country.

  An interesting question is the relationship of FTE to other more mainstream creationist organizations. Apparently, Buell
  and Thaxton accept the scientific account of the earth's age; their quarrel is with naturalistic theories of the origin of life,
  and with the Darwinian view that new species (particularly humans) can arise from the operation of natural selection
  upon genetic variation. They can accept "microevolution," or changes within species, but not "macroevolution," defined
  as the change of one species into another. Although FTE completely avoids any young-earth material in its publications,
  it never explicitly criticizes such theories either, and it seeks support wherever it may be found. It has used the mailing
  list of the Bible Science Newsletter, a hard-line creationist publication, to offer The Mystery of Life's Origin for sale.
  Another strict creationist, J. Kerby Anderson, wrote a favorable review of Mystery, which was included in the same
  mailing. Representatives of FTE have spoken before the Metroplex Institute of Origin Science in Dallas; again, a strict
  creationist group more likely to hear man-trackers Carl Baugh or Don Patton. One of the authors of Pandas, Percival
  Davis (the same person as P. William Davis on FTE letterhead), co-authored A Case for Creation, with Wayne Friar in
  1983, a standard creationist work with frequent religious references.

  What will the Foundation do with Pandas now that it has been effectively rejected in Alabama? Apparently FTE has
  decided against further attempts at state textbook approval, at least for the present. Henry Skrabanek, the president of
  Haughton, told me that Haughton and FTE intended to change course and direct their efforts "outside the schools" to the
  grass-roots level. Skrabanek said sales of Pandas so far have been single-copy, and he needed to get the book into the
  schools to have significant sales. He said local school boards, teacher's groups and parents were the likely targets of the
  new effort. A May 1990 letter from the Foundation confirms this new strategy. It says "...we are finding that the best


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1990/1990septemberoctober/septemberoctober1990.htm[16/01/2023 16:27:15]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  approach to the local school system is through the biology teacher. ... Experience has indicated that they are comfortable
  in making a decision to introduce a supplemental text with the review and approval of the school curriculum
  committee." The Foundation already has a packet of material and an 18-minute video to assist parents who approach
  teachers. I would not be surprised to see copies of Pandas appearing in some classrooms this fall.

  [Back to top]


  The Shroud Comes to Plano
  by John Blanton

  On a Saturday in August a friend of mine who is an ardent creationist phoned me to tell me about an exhibit he had just
  attended. A shopping mall in Plano was featuring a rather impressive display of photos and history of the famous
  "Shroud of Turin," said by its proponents to have been the burial cloth of Jesus, and said by its detractors to be a
  fourteenth century artifact. The evidence, I was told, was impressive. I took this as some testimonial by someone who
  was not a Catholic and resolved to take in the exhibit before it closed.

  The display lived up to all of its billing. The centerpiece consisted of three large color transparencies fitted together to
  form a life-size photo of the cloth (which usually is kept in a silver case at a church in Turin, Italy). Mounted display
  panels told the story of the Shroud and vouched for its authenticity. Furthermore, two highly articulate speakers lectured
  at length to a very attentive crowd.

  The two speakers (who later introduced themselves as Larry and Chuck) were with the Shroud Society of Texas, which
  may or may not have some association with STURP (the Shroud of Turin Research Project). After Larry had talked
  mainly about the historical and the religious significance of the shroud, Chuck got into the meatier aspects.

  Allowing the carbon 14 dating tests to be performed, Chuck told his listeners, was a big mistake. Proponents had
  miscalculated gravely in letting a single test determine the shroud's authenticity. The tests, he announced, had been
  badly botched in a number of ways: 1) The chain of custody of the samples had been broken (they had been left
  unattended for some time in a room). 2) The samples had been taken from a region where reweaving indicates some
  repairs have been made using newer material. 3) Besides that, carbon 14 dating is old hat. The uranium-thorium process
  has superseded the C-14 process. Chuck further related how the results of the tests had been unscrupulously leaked to
  the press in October of 1988, prior to publication in a legitimate scientific journal. Fortunately, Chuck explained, an
  unauthorized test (that presumably did not have all of these problems) had dated the fabric at AD 200, which,
  apparently, was close enough.

  Chuck saved his best for last. He told of STURP scientist John Jackson's "vertical mapping" process which led him to
  conclude that the image on the cloth had been imprinted as the cloth (previously resting on the supine body of Jesus) fell
  straight down through the body to the table below. This, we were told, was an example of a new kind of physics. This
  was the physics of miracles. An event that happens once and cannot be repeated is not natural, but is miraculous. When
  I later asked Larry about this analysis, he referred me to Jackson's published work. He told me to check Applied Optics,
  1982 and 1984 for particulars, and he went on to say that Jackson will publish his actual calculations in the future
  (where, we were not told). NTS Secretary Mark Meyer was able find "Correlation of image intensity on the Turin
  Shroud with the 3-D structure of a human body shape" in Applied Optics, Vol. 23, No. 14 (pp 2244 - 2270). It is a very
  detailed article, with charts, photos and computer-generated images. I have not had the time to read it.

  After Larry's talk, and before Chuck got up to speak, I went up and introduced myself to Larry. He saw that I was taking
  notes and asked me if I was an interviewer. By way of introduction, I gave him a copy of The North Texas Skeptic (a
  mistake, as it turned out) and allowed him to read it while I listened to Chuck. When Chuck was finished I once again
  conversed with Larry, and he began by stating that he hated to offend me by accusing me of being non-objective (I told
  him to go right ahead).


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1990/1990septemberoctober/septemberoctober1990.htm[16/01/2023 16:27:15]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  Relations between Larry and me seemed to go down hill from there, and he later came up to me a couple of times to tell
  me he did not have time to talk to me. The speakers had previously announced that the SST held regular meetings in this
  area and that the public was welcome to attend. When I indicated to Larry that I was interested in attending, he declined
  to reveal anything about meeting times or places, and he said that I (and the rest of us Skeptics) would not be welcome
  there. I was crushed. He said they only wanted believers at their meetings. He asked how would I like it if he came to
  one of our meetings and asked a lot of embarrassing questions (I told him to go right ahead). He said he didn't think he
  would do that, because in his line of work he saw a lot of human injuries. I couldn't make any sense out of that line of
  talk, but Larry was so pleasant about it that we went on to other issues. He says that the SST provides objective
  information and makes no attempts at conversion. He, Larry, presents his own opinion.

  So there you have it. If we were to rely on what we read in Scientific American or Newsweek for our information we
  might go on thinking the shroud was manufactured in the fourteenth century so that someone could charge admission
  for its exhibit. We might not know how faulty the C-14 dating process is (especially when mishandled by a bunch of
  skeptical scientists). And we would probably not know about the physics of miracles.

  At one point during our conversation, Larry accused me of planning to write a biased article, but I promised him that I
  would be completely objective. How am I doing so far, Larry? Lest readers think this is a one-sided testimonial for the
  authenticity of the shroud, allow me to present a few words from the other side. Readers will have to follow up on these
  leads for themselves. You are not going to hear anything derisive from me.

  CSICOP Fellow, Joe Nickell, has written a book entitled Inquest on the Shroud of Turin, and excerpts have been printed
  in "Unshrouding a Mystery: Science, Pseudoscience, and the Cloth of Turin", appearing in the spring issue of the
  Skeptical Inquirer. Joe Nickell's article lists several references, pro and con. Here are some of them:

  Heller, John. 1983. Report on the Shroud of Turin. New York: Houghton Mifflin. Schlafly, Phyllis. 1979. Proven by
  Shroud of Turin "The Most Remarkable Miracle in History." St. Louis Globe Democrat, December 13. Stevenson,
  Kenneth E., and Gary R Habermas. Verdict on the Shroud. 1981. Ann Arbor, Mich.: Servant Books. Wilson, Ian. 1979.
  The Shroud of Turin, revised edition. Garden City, N.Y.: Image Books.

  Also, in Science Confronts the Paranormal, edited by Skeptical Inquirer editor Kendrick Frazier and consisting of
  excerpts from S.I., is an article by Marvin M. Mueller entitled "The Shroud of Turin: a critical appraisal." In the same
  volume is "Shroud image is the work of an artist" by forensic microanalyst Walter McCrone.

  [Back to top]


  SUPPING WITH THE SPECTERS
  by Mark Meyer

  I first heard about the Catfish Plantation restaurant from a little 1-inch article in USA Today while on vacation. I noticed
  that the story was from Waxahachie, Texas, within easy driving distance. The story said that a ghost hunter (who, it
  turns out, was misidentified in USA Today) would visit the restaurant on Saturday, July 21. I've heard stories of ghosts
  in and around the Metroplex before, but this was the first time that I found out exactly where one was supposed to be. I
  decided to pay a visit on the 21st, and maybe see the ghost hunter, or even find a ghost.

  Even without ghosts, the restaurant, a converted house originally built in 1895, is a nice enough place. The food is good,
  though I thought the portions were a bit small. I picked up two fliers to read while I waited for my lunch. One was a
  reprint from the February issue of The Antique Traveler Newspaper, telling the basic story of the restaurant.

  Soon after opening for business in 1984, strange events reportedly began happening. Clean coffee cups were stacked in
  a large tea urn on the floor, baskets levitated out of the deep fryer, that sort of thing. In 1987, as a result of a call to
  KLIF's Kevin McCarthy show, the owners, Melissa and Tom Baker, were contacted by parapsychologist Dwanna Paul,


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1990/1990septemberoctober/septemberoctober1990.htm[16/01/2023 16:27:15]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  who convinced the Bakers to have the place tested at no charge. A team of "businessmen, engineers, scientists,
  photographers, and two representatives from the University of Texas at Austin" identified three spirits, named Elizabeth,
  Caroline, and Will.

  The other flier advertised a regular event, debuting that day. Each Friday and Saturday night, one can "have dinner with
  a ghost!" By reservation only, one gets a complete meal, followed by a visit by "resident Ghost Hunter T. Everett
  Bookings III." (This was the ghost hunter that USA Today misidentified. I guessed I wasn't going to see him that
  afternoon after all.) The total cost of the evening's entertainment? $30. It's a long drive from North Dallas to
  Waxahachie, so I regretfully had to decide against returning that evening.

  Coincidentally, I arrived at the restaurant at the same time as a news crew from Channel 4. This gave me the opportunity
  to watch and listen as Melissa Baker took the reporter, Fil Alvarado, and cameraman around the restaurant, and the
  reporter interviewed her and some of the staff and customers. While setting up, the reporter noticed me taking notes, and
  asked me if I was a journalist. I said that I wasn't, I was with the North Texas Skeptics, and I was just checking out the
  place. That seemed to be the extent of the reporter's interest, and I had to content myself with just getting a bit of my
  right shoulder in one scene on local TV.

  The reporter was more interested in Mrs. Baker's tales of cold spots, mysterious scents of roses, stopped clocks that
  chime, swaying doors and ceiling fans, and even sightings of one of the ghosts, Elizabeth, in one of the restaurant's
  windows. (One more thing: Mrs. Baker told the reporter that, while she was doing her own research into the history of
  the house, the two previous owners told her that they didn't have any unusual occurrences there.)

  There was a commotion in the dining room between the one I was in (the restaurant has three) and the kitchen. The
  news reporter and cameraman were very excited about something. It turned out that the swinging door that led to the
  kitchen had swung by itself (so they said) about an inch. They told Mrs. Baker about it; to their credit, they both
  suspected it was nothing more than a brief air current, but Mrs. Baker said that most of the time that door was quite still.
  For me, on the other hand, there were to be no unusual experiences, except being briefly interviewed by a woman from
  a Beaumont newspaper.

  Instead of going to the dinner with Bookings, I was home taping the story that played on the Channel 4 Evening News.
  It was a cute story, with about the critical attitude one would expect from local television (very little). There was one
  brief shot, however, that I consider misleading. It was a shot of a swaying ceiling fan, shown with Alvarado's voice-over
  recounting such strange happenings as the stopped clocks that chime and swaying chandeliers. It might leave one with
  the impression that the camera had actually caught a paranormal event! I doubt it very much, mainly because that fan (in
  the third dining room) was swaying every time I looked at it. It's probably just not fastened tightly, that's all.

  I didn't attend the dinner, but Dallas Morning News columnist Maryln Schwartz did. In her column appearing July 24,
  she referred to the evening as "sort of the adult version of kids sitting around the campfire telling tales and trying to
  scare each other." Several of the guests reported feeling something brush against them. Some guests say they briefly
  smelled roses, others didn't. There was a loud crash in the kitchen; the cook told the group that a clock in the kitchen had
  just flown off the wall, but none of the guests had actually seen it happen.

  For me, however, the most interesting part of the column was when Schwartz told how Bookings pulled "a few tricks
  such as producing a ghostly message on a card and making flash bulbs go off," but no one felt that it really came from
  the ghosts. Why then did Bookings include them in the show?

  What can the honest skeptic conclude from my experience and Schwartz's, or even the experiences of the Bakers and
  their staff (a quarter of whom, by the way, have not had anything strange happen to them, according to the Traveler
  Newspaper) compared to the non-experiences of the two previous owners? Nothing, really. A few data points do not
  constitute an investigation, but my experience was yet another instance of something not happening to a skeptic when he
  least expects it. In any case, whether the ghosts at the Catfish Plantation exist or not, they can't be bad for business.
  They got my business, didn't they?

  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1990/1990septemberoctober/septemberoctober1990.htm[16/01/2023 16:27:15]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics


  1990 International Conference on Creationism
  by Ron Hastings

  Having attended in the past only relatively small creationist gatherings, I looked forward to attending my first large one,
  the Second International Conference on Creationism (ICC) held at Duquesne University, Pittsburgh, PA, July 29
  through August 4, 1990. Sponsored by the Creation Science Fellowship (CSF) of Pittsburgh, ICC had, as the theme of
  its technical track of presented papers, the age of the earth -- the same as it was in 1986 for the first ICC.

  Commitment to a young earth and its attendant flood geology is characteristic of the CSF, and such a commitment
  predictably dominated the 1990 ICC. However, the presence of the old earth creationists allowed interesting
  comparisons and assessments. Some comparison was very public, such as when Steve Austin of the Institute for
  Creation Research (ICR) (young earth) and Gregg Wilkerson of Students for Origins Research (SOR) (old earth) gave
  their respective evidence in an evening forum. Other comparisons came with just chatting, discussing, and listening
  informally. One might expect that the creationist movement would continue to split along the young earth--old earth
  line, but ICC 90 indicated another line.

  Assisting me in my evaluations was a group of other "good guys," to use a "Schadewaldian" term, including Bob
  Schadewald, Frank Lovell, Robert Dietz, Manny Sillman, Tom McIver, Glen Kuban, and Victor Berkman. Often during
  ICC 90 we felt like a bunch of "lions in a den full of Daniels."

  Occasional papers delivered at ICC 90 stood out from the usual run of creationist papers usually fraught with unsound
  techniques, inadequate or incomplete analysis, and an amazing lack of critical scrutiny. Kurt Wise (young earth) applied
  modern evolutionary tools (cladistics and cladograms) and statistics in a rigorous way to begin piecing together a
  creationist model that refreshingly avoids anti-evolutionary components. Many papers were followed by reviewers of
  pre-prints who critiqued them in a refreshingly rigorous way. The source of these truly scientific elements came from a
  younger group of creationists containing both young earthers and old earthers. The line of demarcation is appearing, it
  seems, between young creationists and old creationists.

  There were definite indications of a generation gap between not only ages of the earth but between levels of
  competency. The "new generation" of creationists is breaking out of the mold of the older generation to chart a new
  course with positive goals (e.g., building a scientific model instead of blasting evolution) and with a healthy criticism of
  their predecessors. The "new generation" demands scientific rigor both in themselves and others rather than conversion
  to their brand of Christianity; they recheck their work instead of thump their bibles.

  Among this "new generation" are Kurt Wise (paleontologist and young earther), Paul Nelson (philosopher of science
  and young earther), Gregg Wilkerson (geologist and old earther), Mark Hartwig (science educator and old earther), and
  John Reynolds (philosopher and old earther). They were a far cry from more expected components of ICC 90, such as
  the preaching of Henry Morris and D. James Kennedy, the hocus-pocus hand-waving of some of the ICC creationists
  purporting to be doing science, and the straw man building and dead horse beating of the anti-evolutionary diatribe
  characteristic of creationist gatherings large or small (e.g., Duane Gish's presentations).

  Whether this young group will become the new leadership of the creationist movement remains to be seen. One
  common denominator among them seems to be an affiliation with SOR. Seeing how SOR fares as opposed to ICR, the
  Bible Science Association (BSA), or the Creation Research Society (CRS) might be a good way to monitor their
  effectiveness.

  Perhaps the worst of ICC 90 was represented by Hugh Miller's presentation on Thursday, August 2 of his team's latest
  work along the Paluxy River in Texas looking for "mantracks" alongside those of dinosaurs. Though a dead issue
  among the minds of even many creationists since the mid 1980's, the ICC allowed this presentation perhaps in deference
  to Miller, a long-time CSF member. On the coattails of Miller's presentation in the form of a poster session was Don
  Patton's repeated claim that a man walked inside dinosaur tracks (presented also at the Dayton Creationist Conference in


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1990/1990septemberoctober/septemberoctober1990.htm[16/01/2023 16:27:15]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  1989) and his new claim that the excavated Burdick track (one of the original obvious carvings that "set off" the
  mantrack enthusiasm among creationists decades ago) was genuine due to features shown by recent sectioning of the
  track.

  Clearly the presentations of Miller and Patton were planned to be presented with as little opportunity for criticism as
  possible, for when my colleague Glen Kuban applied for a display table and poster session at ICC 90, he was met by
  bureaucratic obstacles designed to discourage him at every opportunity. At first Kuban was told his work would not be
  acceptable because of its old earth implications. Kuban's and my work debunking the mantrack claims bears no
  necessary connotations about the age of the earth, and, moreover, the presence of old earthers in the conference program
  seemed to belie the conference's objection to materials thought anti-young earth. In any case, the treatment of Kuban
  was incongruous to the stated purpose of ICC 90's choice of speakers, described in their program booklet as "...
  deliberately eclectic, reflecting the broad sweep of scientific and spiritual backgrounds of its participants."

  Kuban's persistence and patience paid off, and he was allowed to present his poster session the next day following
  Miller and Patton. Miller's presentation was a hodge-podge of claims similar to Carl Baugh's in 1982-83, a rather
  strange appeal to carbon 14 dates which totally disregard the obvious opportunities for contamination of the samples,
  and a glowing coverage of Baugh's dinosaur bones find in 1984 overlooking the damage done in their amateurish
  removal. Patton's presentation was an appeal to line drawings and obscurantist water puddles (supposedly showing
  "mantracks" inside the Taylor trail dinosaur tracks) and to subsurface features below the "toe" depressions of the
  sectioned Burdick track.

  As I helped Kuban prepare for his rebuttal the next day (Friday the 3rd), conference officials gave him confusing
  information that could have delayed the start of his poster session. Hurried by the session's moderator, Kuban began his
  presentation dealing with Miller's depressions as many of us have done with Baugh's (emphasizing that there are no
  depressions with human features and none in a pace/stride geometry as are the dinosaur tracks). He also injected for the
  uninformed of the audience the background of such claims that had brought so much embarrassment to creationist
  mantrack enthusiasts already. He then dealt with Patton's claims by showing his (Kuban's) unrivaled historical
  documentation of the Taylor trail dinosaur tracks, showing the alleged "human tracks" inside them to be as real as the
  emperor's new clothes. Geologists at the conference had correctly identified the features in the Burdick track sections as
  stromatolitic features having no correlation with depressions carved on the surface.

  The moderator of Kuban's session tried to cut off his allowed time, but the audience called for equal time for Kuban as
  had been given Patton the day before. Very few left with the moderator, so most stayed to hear Kuban's wrap-up on the
  Burdick track.

  Incredibly, Patton was given a second opportunity the next day (Saturday) to rebut Kuban, and only an alert insistence
  on Kuban's part allowed him the same opportunity. Clearly, the ICC officials wanted Patton to have the last word
  (earlier they had tried to get Kuban to present Wednesday instead of Friday). Unfortunately for such plans, a coin flip at
  the beginning of these second presentations (to a smaller audience this time) determined that Kuban would go last. The
  only thing new Patton had was to say that the patterns in the Burdick track section were like pressure patterns from an
  engineering reference, but Kuban simply showed that they were not like such patterns and added some more history
  about the Taylor tracks that questioners had prompted from him. About the only thing Patton had left was to insinuate
  privately that Kuban and I had deliberately altered some of the Taylor site tracks, and Miller was reduced to name
  calling directed at those of us who have interacted with Kuban.

  One ICC 90 official was overheard saying that this was the last time they will have anything on the program to do with
  the Paluxy "mantrack" claims. Hopefully this will prove to be true. A lighthearted indicator that such hope might be
  justified was the labeling of an oval depression on an asphalt manhole cover on a campus street along and on which
  conference participants walked. This depression had dimensions remarkably similar to some of the obscure depressions
  Miller had been calling human in his Paluxy paper. The label identified the asphalt depression as an isolated track of
  "Homo asphaltus," mimicking some of the ridiculous names used by mantrack enthusiasts in the past. Almost every
  observer of "Homo asphaltus" at the conference thought it humorous; no one seemed to take offense.

  Another "lowlight" was a Tuesday presentation of a flood canopy model by an engineer-turned-creationist, Greg


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1990/1990septemberoctober/septemberoctober1990.htm[16/01/2023 16:27:15]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  Jorgensen from Canada. Jorgensen was but another case in point that engineers are susceptible to creationism, possibly
  because of their relative lack of understanding about how scientific theory works. After presenting a lot of mathematics
  on visuals which he pointed out needed correcting here and there, Jorgensen then appeared oblivious to the main
  problem among many with serious attempts to uphold (figuratively and literally) a canopy model -- the latent heat
  released upon condensation of the canopy at flood time, enough to fry the entire surface of the earth. He seemed not to
  even understand a reference to the problem made by a critical reviewer of his pre-print, and he did not even appear to
  understand my question about the latent heat at the end of his talk.

  If anyone had doubts about from whence the old generation creationists are coming, attending the keynote address by
  Henry Morris, President of ICR and the "guru" of many modern creationists, on Wednesday evening would have
  dispelled those doubts. Visions of being once again in an old-time Baptist revival meeting came to me as Morris
  followed his assessment of creationism in general with a sermon utilizing verses from I Timothy exhorting the faithful
  to be straight, strong, studious, and steadfast in Morris-brand creationism. Clearly the old generation only gives lip
  service to being scientific and behaves very differently. Along with the passing of the collection plates (which was
  done), an alter call for decision making would also have been appropriate.

  One disappointment at ICC 90 was the absence of Richard Wakefield at his joint paper co-authored by old earth
  creationist and geologist Gregg Wilkerson. Had Wakefield been able to also present with Wilkerson, it would have
  marked the first time a non-creationist presented at a creationist conference. As it is, Wakefield is the first non-
  creationist to appear in an ICC printed program. Wakefield and Wilkerson collaborated in presenting the geological
  context of Robert Gentry's pleochroic polonium halos, showing that these halos could not have appeared in young
  "created" granite as Gentry's "signature of God" hypothesis demands. Wilkerson did a masterful job the first day of ICC
  90 (Monday) dispelling Gentry's claims. No one, including any rabid Gentry supporters present, disputed the geological
  context argument. Only questions concerning how the halos could have been brought about by natural processes
  remained, which Wilkerson handled admirably, suggesting some mechanism that could account for the now-not-so-
  enigmatic halos.

  Most interesting to me at the conference was the new generation of creationists as represented by Kurt Wise. In one
  paper on Wednesday, Wise used data from cladograms and statistical analysis to show that at the level of phyla there
  seems to be no statistically significant order in the fossil record. (Wise concedes that he will get such order at the level
  of classes, orders, etc.) Denying that his purpose was anti-evolutionary, Wise then proceeded to address the question of
  what kind of young earth, universal flood model would be consistent with these results. On Thursday Wise presented an
  attempt to create a "creationist phylogenetic tree" using a more precise definition of "kinds" -- the "baramin" -- also
  developed by former BASer Walter Remine.

  As indicated earlier, this work was remarkable for being in the main a positive attempt to construct creationist models
  that are also scientific (never mind if that sounds oxymoronic!) instead of blatantly anti-evolutionary. Wise was pro-
  creationist, for he knows that a problem for evolution is not the same thing as a point for creation. Also the tools used
  are sound and logical (e.g., cladistics, statistics) instead of twisted applications replete with misuse and
  misunderstanding so common in "scientific" creationism. Such work from creationists is refreshing and should be
  encouraged if for no reason but to contrast it with the trash that has been done in the creationist camp in the past; the
  methodology and the posture of the work of Wise and others like him cannot be faulted, in my opinion.

  But this is not to say that Wise is in any way successful in his goal of producing a really scientific young earth
  creationist model. Though he is just getting started, so to speak, it is nonetheless clear to me that he is encountering
  increasing difficulty already that is going to become more and more impalpable to someone with Wise's scientific
  integrity. I predict that the results of his sound work will demand a model of such increasing fancifulness (e.g., what
  accounts for the post-flood variety of flora and fauna -- super-evolution and/or mega-miracles?) that the intellectual
  tension resulting will cause a catastrophic change in his overall position sometime in the future. I am not enough of a
  prophet to say what the new position will be or when it will change.

  Attending my first ICC was indeed worth the time and money, for it afforded a unique opportunity to feel the present
  pulse of a group of people who have admittedly been for me a sociological curiosity since I first met some of them
  along the banks of the Paluxy in the early 80's. Overall, it was a mixed bag of the good, the bad, and the ugly -- the


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1990/1990septemberoctober/septemberoctober1990.htm[16/01/2023 16:27:15]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  Wises and Wilkersons, the Millers, Pattons, and Jorgensons, and the Morrises, Gishes, and Kennedys.

  Perhaps a personal incident at ICC 90 said it all: I carried with me a bag full of information from the NCSE and other
  sources featuring the results of the Paluxy work that Kuban and I have done. This material was given individually to
  anyone requesting it, though I could not display it until Kuban arrived at midweek and set up his table. Outside one of
  the main lecture rooms in between papers I had this stuff spread out to give copies to an interested conference
  participant. One of the ICC staff members, perhaps a member of the "ideological police," walked over, took a look at the
  titles of the material, and asked me to get all of it out of sight when I told him the stuff was "unapproved." I slowly
  complied, emphasizing to him to send anyone requesting this material to me (no response, only a glare). Unknown to
  me at the time, a friend of mine had witnessed the whole encounter and related the incident to a conference official.
  During the next paper that I was attending this official quietly sat down beside me and whispered sincere apologies to
  me, emphasizing that it never should have happened. I assured him no offense was taken and thanked him. The contrast
  within this incident, like that throughout ICC 90, was stark indeed.

  [Back to top]


  Update On Texas Biology Textbook Adoptions
  By Scott Faust

  In earlier editions of this newsletter I reported on the adoption of last year's textbook proclamation and the controversy
  generated by its requirements for the coverage of evolution in biology textbooks.

  In late August the State Textbook Secondary Science Committee voted on textbooks submitted for adoption by the state,
  having held hearings in June (publishers) and July (public).

  Their list will be considered by the State Board of Education, which holds its own hearings and makes final selections in
  November. The Commissioner and the board can also require changes to texts to correct errors, and to bring them into
  conformity with the textbook proclamation and other regulations.

  I will report only the essentials. NTS member Ronnie Hastings, who was a member of the above committee, may wish
  to give us an insider's account.

  In a dramatic improvement over texts submitted in 1984, all of this year's biology texts dealt with evolution in a
  straightforward, substantive and accurate manner. The committee adopted eight texts for Biology I, the maximum
  number allowed. One of these even used "creation science" as an example of pseudoscience!

  Nearly all of the many anti-evolutionists who testified in July recommended that the committee adopt none of the texts.
  The Gablers, citing some of the language discussed in my article on Proclamation 66, claimed that the texts "violate
  Texas law."

  They were so considerate as to identify the necessary deletions, and supplied substitute anti-evolution passages for each
  text in their written comments. The Gablers' target is now the more politically motivated State Board of Education. It
  may have the power to require such changes. Stay tuned.

  [Back to top]


  Noteworthy

http://www.ntskeptics.org/1990/1990septemberoctober/septemberoctober1990.htm[16/01/2023 16:27:15]
The Newsletter of The North Texas Skeptics

  "I think you can get yourself wrapped up into believing that you've got a certain gift. I've used psychics so much and
  have never had one of them produce anything other than, 'The body's by the water,' or, 'I see a pond.' I've never in 30
  years had a psychic say, 'This is where the body is, this is who killed him.'"

  ---Famous Texas private investigator Bill Dear, quoted in the January 1990 American Way, American Airlines' in-flight
  magazine.

  [Back to top]


http://www.ntskeptics.org/1990/1990septemberoctober/septemberoctober1990.htm[16/01/2023 16:27:15]
