{"created_utc": "2026-09-29T12:32:37Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 38079, "source_ctime_ns": 1790672834745775532, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/rat_03a-09625cb301.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790672834743245156, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/rat_03a-09625cb301.pdf", "source_sha256": "1662240b3973d7229c063bfb3a58932851b79ba4e686900a91d42f0cca7bf493"}

Groom Lake Desert Rat #3A


  The Groom Lake Desert Rat
  "The Naked Truth from Open Sources."

  AREA 51/NELLIS RANGE/TTR/NTS/S-4?/WEIRD STUFF/DESERT LORE

  An on-line newsletter. Written, published, copyrighted and totally disavowed by Psychospy. Direct from the "UFO
  Capital," Rachel, Nevada.

  Supplemental News Flash

  Issue #3-A. Feb. 18, 1994.

  Notes On Upcoming Las Vegas Hearing...

          Inspection Visits
          More On Vegas Hearing
          Accommodations


  Inspection Visits
  In conjunction with the Las Vegas Hearing on the Groom Lake land grab, the White Sides Defense Committee will be
  sponsoring two semi-organized INSPECTION VISITS to the Freedom Ridge viewpoint. The tentative dates and times
  are:

          Saturday, Feb. 26, at 10 am, and
          Thursday, March 3, at 12 noon

  These will be informal hikes and get-togethers similar to the October camp-out and January field trip. The intent is to
  give the public the opportunity to inspect the land that has been targeted for withdrawal. The Saturday event is for the
  poor saps who have to work during the week, while the Thursday outing is designed for out-of-town people coming to
  the Las Vegas hearing who can stay an extra day.

  Rumors that these events will be BEACH PARTIES are unfounded and misleading. Military land use is SERIOUS
  BUSINESS. To help preserve a respectful and responsible tone, the volleyball tournament HAS BEEN CANCELLED.
  The only lawn chairs permitted must be of the "lawn/porch/patio" type. Low slung beach chairs, beach blankets, skimpy
  bathing suits, beer kegs, Frisbees and inflatable pool toys are PROHIBITED.

  Both visits will begin at the Freedom Ridge trailhead, about 2-1/2 hours north of Las Vegas. DIRECTIONS: Be sure to
  fill your gas tank in Las Vegas. From Las Vegas, take I-15 north about 20 miles to US-93 (Exit 64). Go north on US-93
  about 85 miles to SR-375. Take SR-375 (not SR-318) west 15 miles until you reach the straight dirt road to Groom Lake
  at milepost LN 34.6. (Marked only by a stop sign.) This is a good dirt road that any car can handle. Take the dirt road
  west 13.6 miles until you see our cars (parked beside a "Keep Right" sign). WARNING: DO NOT CROSS THE
  MILITARY BORDER marked by Restricted Area signs and orange posts. (Crossing the border will result in your
  immediate arrest and a $600 fine.)

  Hike is approx. 50 minutes each way and could be moderately strenuous for out-of-shape sea-level sloths. However,
  sloths with 4WD vehicles can drive all the way to to the top on the newly discovered "Freedom Ridge Expressway"
  (further directions required). Visiting the viewpoints is completely legal, as this is public land until such time as the
  withdrawal is formally approved. Camping is permitted and encouraged. Be forewarned, however, the nighttime
  temperature will probably drop below freezing. Daytime highs may reach the 50s, but strong winds are also possible, so


rat_03a.html[01/03/2022 03:02:37]
Groom Lake Desert Rat #3A

  dress warmly and in several layers. In case of moderately bad weather, the events will proceed as planned. In case of
  HORRIBLE weather, call for more info.

  Sturdy hiking shoes are important. Binoculars and telescopes are okay. The authorities don't like cameras, however, so
  don't be seen with one. Press representation is expected at both events, so practice your sound bites.


  More On Vegas Hearing
  Again, the Las Vegas hearing on the land grab will be held Weds, March 2, 1994, at 5 pm at the Cashman Field Center
  (a stadium complex north of Downtown), 850 North Las Vegas Blvd., Rooms 203- 204. With the Popular Science cover
  story hitting the streets right now, the hearing is likely to be a zoo.

  The usual format is that a BLM official moderates the event. A military officer is likely to speak first, probably very
  briefly. At most hearings, this is an opportunity for an Air Force "dog and pony show," but in this case the dogs and
  ponies can't be shown because they don't officially exist, At the Caliente hearing, this talk was an almost meaningless
  repetition of the evasive "public safety" and "safe and secure operation of activities" themes. The rest of the meeting
  will probably consist of a series of opponents saying their two bits. Due to the large turnout possible, each speaker will
  be limited to a big three minutes. The AF officer will sit silently through most of the proceedings and probably will not
  answer any meaningful questions. The BLM official will probably be more forthcoming, but he won't have any
  information about the base. The hearing will end either when everyone seems to have blown off steam or when the
  meeting room must be vacated for the cleaning staff.

  That is the EXPECTED course of events. Given the volatility of the story at present, the AF could drop a bombshell,
  like "Yes, we have a base at Groom Lake." Don't hold your breath, however, as the military rarely reacts so quickly to
  current affairs.

  There is rarely any instant gratification at an event like this. There will be some good arguments mixed in with some
  bad ones, and the AF reps will probably not respond visibly to any of it. The hearing is a matter of record, however. A
  stenographer will be present, and the resulting document will go into the big case file which, in theory, forms the basis
  for the BLM decision and for any future legal action. Las Vegas is a diverse enough place that there may even be some
  people speaking IN FAVOR of the withdrawal, expressing their fullest confidence in the military. The bulk of the
  comment will probably be critical, however, and that will count in favor of the opponents.

  The most important aspect of the hearing is that it provides an EVENT. It gives the opponents a place to gather and the
  news media something to report on. If emotions are running high, this is a place where it can be demonstrated. Merely
  the number of people who show up is important. If the room is packed to twice its capacity, then that will make an
  impression. BLM, the agency making the decision, cannot ignore the political winds. Sure, the military has clout, but so
  does the rest of the population if it gets riled up. If the BLM senses that it is in the public hot seat, it will be especially
  careful to protect itself and do the right thing.

  The principal weapon of the opponents has been graciously provided by the military itself. The vague "public safety"
  explanation is a godsend. It paints the military's action as capricious and an "abuse of discretion." The ultimate test of
  the withdrawal is whether the reasons for it make sense to the average person. If the Air Force is trying to support its
  action only with absurdities, then the key to winning is merely to turn the spotlight on the absurdities and make them
  painfully obvious to everyone.

  Since each speaker is limited to three minutes, it is important for each person to limit themselves to one or two carefully
  thought out points. Each opponent should try to cover a different topic. If you plan to speak, it would be a good idea to
  coordinate with Psychospy beforehand. If you want to speak but don't have a topic, we have an exquisite line of quality
  merchandise to choose from. Get in touch with us as soon as you can. The night of the hearing, we will be staying in
  downtown Las Vegas just a few minutes from the hearing site, so perhaps we can hold an opponent's powwow there in
  the afternoon to get ready.


rat_03a.html[01/03/2022 03:02:37]
Groom Lake Desert Rat #3A


  Accommodations
  The night of the hearing, Psychospy will be staying at the Fitzgeralds casino in downtown Las Vegas (because it's fairly
  close to the hearing site). This is a high-rise hotel (tallest in Vegas) on "Glitter Gulch" Fremont Street. Room rate is $36,
  phone 800-274-5825. There should be other hotels nearby at comparable rates.

  For a more interesting alternative at the other end of town, try the Tropicana Hotel, $49, 800-634-4000: If you get a
  room on the southeast side of "Island Tower," you can look down on the secret "JANET" airline terminal where workers
  depart for Groom Lake. You can peer down with binocs and see if anyone you know is among the staff. There's also
  supposed to be a view of the Janet terminal from rooms on the east side of the Luxor pyramid, $69- $79, 800-288-1000.

  If you are coming to the Saturday Inspection Visit, we advise that you AVOID LAS VEGAS, at least for
  accommodations. On weekends, rooms are both nonexistent and expensive. Instead, try the Little A-Le-Inn in Rachel,
  one of the motels in Alamo or one of the casinos on I-15 near the California border. (Reservations are essential at any of
  these.)

  [Previous issue | Current issue | Next issue | Rat Home | Psychospy Home]

  This supplemental issue of the Groom Lake Desert Rat is not copywrited and may be freely reproduced.


rat_03a.html[01/03/2022 03:02:37]
