{"created_utc": "2026-09-30T06:11:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 18763, "source_ctime_ns": 1790727379581604419, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/rat_25_s1.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790727379547285833, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/rat_25_s1.pdf", "source_sha256": "29b5a24642e499de05d094eda94ec8c3748dada1ce6dca898f96f136d2441a5a"}

[Supplement to the Groom Lake Desert Rat, 4/23/95]

  BACKGROUND: This article was published before the recent bombing
  in Oklahoma City. Aside from being a militia leader, William
  Cooper is also a claimed Area 51 UFO expert, using the flying
  saucer claims to bolster his views about the New World Order. The
  saucers, he says are not alien in origin, but were invented first
  by the Nazis in WWII. He says the government is stockpiling these
  craft in preparation for the staging of a mock alien invasion,
  which will draw humanity together and provide the excuse for
  abrogating our remaining human rights. Many of Cooper's UFO and
  New World Order claims are based on secret documents he says he
  read while in the Navy, which Cooper has reproduced and published
  in numerous, often revised variations.

  The philosophy described below is also that disseminated by Pat
  and Joe Travis of the Little A'Le'Inn to anyone who visits their
  Rachel (NV) bar.

   -- psychospy@aol.com

  <begin forwarded article>

  TITLE: ARIZONANS FORMING MILITIAS TO OPPOSE PERCEIVED "INVASION"

  DATE: February 18, 1995

  PUBLICATION: Las Vegas Review-Journal and Las Vegas Sun (Reprinted
  from The Arizona Republic)

  ST. JOHNS, Ariz.--From this remote, untidy city on eastern
  Arizona's high desert plains, William Cooper beams his anger to
  the world.

  Five nights a week, at 10 p.m., Cooper, one of the most widely
  known prophets of the growing "patriot movement," rails at the
  federal government and talks of doomsday omens on his short wave
  radio broadcast.

  A "New World Order" is building like a thunderhead. Foreign troops
  under the control of the United Nations are training secretly on
  American soil. Black helicopters are shadowing patriots to spy on
  them.

  The military, the FBI, the president, the National Guard--almost
  anyone in uniform, it seems--are plotting to rob Americans of
  their civil rights and their guns.

  The key to fending off the impending assault, Cooper and others
  like him say, is to form private militias.

  And across Arizona and the rest of the nation, thousands of mostly
  working-class and rural folks are responding.


rat_25_s1.txt[01/03/2022 03:03:49]
  Many are gathering in home or at conventions, reading patriot
  newsletters, generating "intelligence" for Cooper's organization
  and others, communing through shortwave radio and computer.

  Some are training with weapons. Others are stockpiling supplies to
  ensure survival when the battle ignites.

  Civil-rights groups and law enforcement agents are nervous. They
  fear that the patriot movement will goad some extremists into
  violence against Jews, blacks or lawmen.

  Militia leaders scoff at this. But they acknowledge that they
  think the armed conflict against one-world government for which
  they're preparing is unavoidable.

  "You're cattle, stupid cattle," Cooper told any skeptics among a
  crowd of 260 at a December patriot convention in Mesa.

  While stressing he doesn't endorse violence, Cooper warned "Blood
  will be spilled in the streets of America. It's inevitable."

  Exactly where the militia phenomenon is heading is unclear

  Like its 1980s precursors--the Arizona Patriots and Posse
  Comitatus--the movement may taper off and die in the boredom that
  overtakes conspiracy causes, especially when the coming apocalypse
  doesn't come.

  But the patriot brushfire to date shows no-sign of burning out,
  finding kindling for its out rage in every news flash. The events
  that raked in militia recruits--the siege of Randy Weaver in
  Idaho, the raid on the Branch Davidians near Waco, Texas, the
  signing of gun-control laws--stick in their craws. Then there's
  President Clinton, the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade and
  the Internal Revenue Service.

  "People right now are freaked," said David Espy, who lives near
  Chino Valley, north of Prescott, and who has taken out newspaper
  ads advising people to form militias to battle government
  intrusion.

  "They're thinking, 'That (the Waco group) could have been our
  church, could have been our children.'"

  He and neighbors have set up communications networks, including
  laying underground phone lines and buying flare guns. At one
  point, they considered acquiring homing pigeons as a bug-proof way
  to communicate.

  They've scouted for unmarked helicopters thought to be spying for
  authorities or the United Nations. They've discussed what they
  would do if federal forces invaded their land.


rat_25_s1.txt[01/03/2022 03:03:49]
  "The standing joke where I live is, When they see smoke coming
  from my place, that's going to be the beginning of the battle),'"
  said Espy, owner of an excavating company.

  "If all else fails, if you got your firearm, you can defend
  yourself, and you'll have a new government."

  Loosely organized militias have sprung up in at least 13 states,
  according to an October report by the New York City based Anti-
  Defamation League.

  The militias are strongest in Michigan, Montana, Colorado and
  Florida, and their goal is to lay "the groundwork for massive
  resistance to the federal government and its law enforcement
  agencies," the report states.

  In Arizona, small militia bands are being organized in every
  county, Espy says. Some strongholds appear to be areas near
  Prescott, Snowflake, Kingman and the Four Corners authorities say.

  Among the heroes of the militia crowd is former Arizona Gov. Evan
  Mecham, who has spoken at some national patriot conventions.

  ###


rat_25_s1.txt[01/03/2022 03:03:49]
