{"created_utc": "2026-09-30T12:27:57Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 21725, "source_ctime_ns": 1790701422006974566, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/rat_26_s1.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790701421998631565, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/rat_26_s1.pdf", "source_sha256": "969957ef0666746a10a3d911e54dba6d34b27e5ee5a4506b5df083eeeec29a69"}

OPPOSITION TO BILL #533
  DESIGNATION OF NEVADA HIGHWAY 375
  AS THE "EXTRATERRESTRIAL ALIEN HIGHWAY"

  Presented to the Committee on Economic Development and Tourism
  May 19, 1995


  Dear Honorable Members of the Legislature:

  I am a Rachel resident writing to voice my opposition to the
  proposed bill which would designate the highway through my town,
  State Route 375, the "Extraterrestrial Alien Highway."

  I regret not being able to attend the hearing on this matter held
  on May 19, but Rachel is 150 miles from Las Vegas and twice that
  distance from Carson City, and prior commitments prevent me from
  making this journey. In lieu of my presence, I hope that this
  letter can be read into the record.

  I am the principal activist seeking greater government
  accountability at "Area 51," the secret military base 25 miles
  south of Rachel. I have been living in Rachel for two and a half
  years, and I wrote the book, the "Area 51 Viewer's Guide," which
  helped bring this story to national prominence. As far as I know,
  I was the first to refer to 375 as the "Alien Highway," mentioning
  it on the cover of my book. As a self-appointed "public relations
  officer" for issues surrounding the secret base, I have hosted
  reporters from the New York Times, every major TV network, many
  worldwide magazines as well as our local Nevada press.

  Before my arrival in Rachel, Area 51 was a "fringe" story
  dominated by conspiracy-oriented UFO buffs who made a lot of
  ridiculous claims. I made the story palatable to the mainstream
  media by sticking to the facts and concentrating on government
  accountability and not UFOs themselves.

  There are some UFO stories emanating from Area 51 and nearby areas
  that I do not dismiss. I think some of the reports that the
  government has been working with alien hardware deserve serious
  attention. However, I do dismiss most of the UFO sightings made
  by tourists along 375. A circus of fantastic claims has emerged
  here, and this is distracting both for serious UFO research and to
  democratic accountability at the Groom Lake base.

  In summary, these are my objections to the bill....

  1) Only a single business in Lincoln County is in a position to
  benefit from this bill--the Little A'Le'Inn in Rachel. This
  establishment endorses all UFO claims as real and promotes the
  same extreme anti-Federal philosophy that lead to the Oklahoma
  City bombing. The U.N., they say, has joined forces with a secret
  New World Order to first take away our guns and then enslave us,


rat_26_s1.txt[01/03/2022 03:03:50]
  but the Inn has plenty of guns and is prepared to fight off the
  Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms when it comes. It is not
  the role of the legislature to promote a single business like
  this, especially when its views are so inflammatory. There are
  many people in Rachel who feel that the A'Le'Inn has already
  become too powerful and that their recent success has disrupted
  the balance of power in this tiny community. This bill will give
  them still more economic power.

  2) Since most tourists drive here from Las Vegas, they will find
  gas and lodging there and are unlikely to spend much money in the
  rest of Lincoln County. These tourists show little interest in
  stopping before they get to Rachel and the "Black Mailbox."

  3) Any "Alien Highway" signs erected on this remote highway would
  be irresistible to tourists and would be promptly stolen.

  4) Highway 375 is adjacent to a highly sensitive and poorly marked
  military border. Both the anonymous federal guards who patrol it
  and the local sheriff's department who handles the prisoners have
  shown no leniency toward tourists who accidentally wander across
  the unfenced line. Trespassers are routinely made to lay face
  down in the dirt or to stand with their hands over their heads for
  up to two hours. They are given the maximum fine and get no
  breaks from the local Justice of the Peace. This bill and the
  publicity it creates would encourage just the sort of naive and
  ill-equipped tourist who would get lost and suffer such a fate.

  5) Although this bill is sponsored by Assembly members, there is
  another citizen who feels that this is "his" bill. The Ambassador
  Merlyn Merlin II of the Saucerian Embassy of Christ probably sits
  before you at this hearing. Ambassador Merlin believes he is an
  extraterrestrial who has been sent to this planet to prepare us
  for the coming alien arrival. While I cannot pass judgment on
  Merlin's claims, I can attest to the fact that he makes a very
  poor ambassador. Merlin has no understanding of the privacy or
  private property of others. He latches onto people who he
  believes are "chosen" and he won't leave them alone. A number of
  people in Lincoln County and elsewhere in Nevada have felt that
  Merlin was stalking them. Some people believe that Merlin is not
  an alien at all but that he is in fact a human with some profound
  personal problems. If this true, than passage of this bill
  encourages him in this delusion. He will forever be claiming that
  he pushed this bill through the legislature, and he will take it
  as proof of his legitimacy.

  A couple of years ago, Merlin invited Secretary of State Cheryl
  Lau to a meeting in California. Ms. Lau wrote Merlin a letter
  politely declining, but she made the mistake of addressing him by
  his chosen title of "Ambassador." Since then, Merlin has been
  showing the letter to people as "proof" that the State of Nevada
  officially recognizes his ambassadorial status. Passage of this
  bill, which he had been promoting, can only provide further
  affirmation and encourage his continued intrusive behavior.

rat_26_s1.txt[01/03/2022 03:03:50]
  6) Many serious environmental, fiscal and worker rights issues
  remain unresolved at the Groom Lake base, the existence of which
  the military still does not fully acknowledge. The secret base
  has for years dumped toxins onto the land and into the air, and it
  has avoided payment of millions of dollars in county property
  taxes. Institutionalizing a "lighthearted" approach to the area
  distracts from these issues and makes it much more difficult to
  have them taken seriously.

  7) Serious UFO researchers also cringe at the lighthearted
  approach to their work. They have been dogged for years by the
  "little green men" jokes, and this bill doesn't help things any.

  8) The proposal cannot help but send the message to the public
  that they can see UFOs here, which I believe is false. Most of
  the objects people are seeing in the sky now are flares and other
  manifestations of the frequent war games on the Nellis Range. If
  there were UFOs here once, they certainly won't perform in this
  current well-publicized atmosphere.

  9) The popular UFO viewing site that this bill will indirectly
  promote is the "Black Mailbox," a rancher's mailbox on 375.
  Because this is the only landmark on this lonely stretch of
  highway, this is where the "true believers" come to see whatever
  it is they expect. Unfortunately, this is a private mailbox that
  has already been vandalized. This single ranch family in the
  Tikaboo Valley, often harassed by watchers, will bear most of the
  burden of the increased tourist traffic, with no benefit to them.

  10) This is a remote and potentially dangerous desert area that is
  not "visitor friendly." It is a mistake to make it too easy for
  people to come here. The visitors who come to this area now are
  fairly sophisticated: They have to do some research at least to
  find out where this place is. Giving the highway a friendly-
  sounding name will inevitably attract the very naive kind of
  tourist, coming up for the day from Las Vegas, who has done no
  research and taken no precautions and is bound to get in trouble
  as a result.

  In short, most of Lincoln County appears to be indifferent to this
  bill. Only a single isolated business would significantly
  benefit, while serious research and activism will be hindered.
  Someday in the future, when the story here has "matured" and
  problems at the Groom Lake base have been resolved, this bill
  might be appropriate. For now, though, I ask that you let it
  drop.

  Sincerely,

  Glenn Campbell


rat_26_s1.txt[01/03/2022 03:03:50]
