{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T05:06:31Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 50299, "source_ctime_ns": 1790180215584115350, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-05-No-04---1997.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790180215580900787, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-05-No-04---1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "a9967da3719dba24016b10e524eaef73c05bdc8bfa8504c321ea6fcf0c0df7ba"}

The REALL News
  Volume 5 Issue 4         April 1997

  Be Wary of "Alternative" Health Methods

  by Stephen Barrett, M.D.

  "Alternative medicine" has become the politically correct term for questionable practices formerly labeled quack and
  fraudulent. During the past few years, most media reports have contained no critical evaluation and have featured the
  views of proponents and their satisfied clients. These happenings are part of a general societal trend toward rejection of
  science as a method of determining truths.

  To avoid confusion, "alternative" methods should be classified as genuine, experimental, or questionable. Genuine
  alternatives are comparable methods that have met science-based criteria for safety and effectiveness. Experimental
  alternatives are unproven but have a plausible rationale and are undergoing responsible investigation. The most
  noteworthy is use of a 10%-fat diet for treating coronary heart disease. Questionable alternatives are groundless and lack
  a scientifically plausible rationale. The archetype is homeopathy, which claims that "remedies" so dilute that they
  contain no active ingredient can exert powerful therapeutic effects. Blurring these distinctions enables promoters of
  quackery to argue that because some practices labeled "alternative" have merit, the rest deserve equal consideration and
  respect. Enough is known, however, to conclude that most questionable "alternatives" are worthless.

  The "alternative movement" is part of a general societal trend toward rejection of science as a method of determining
  truths. This movement embraces the postmodernist doctrine that science is not necessarily more valid than
  pseudoscience. In line with this philosophy, "alternative" proponents assert that scientific medicine (which they mislabel
  as allopathic, conventional, or traditional medicine) is but one of a vast array of health-care options. Instead of
  subjecting their work to scientific standards, they would like to change the rules by which they are judged and regulated.

  Under the rules of science, people who make the claims bear the burden of proof. It is their responsibility to conduct
  suitable studies and report them in sufficient detail to permit evaluation and confirmation by others. Instead of
  subjecting their work to scientific standards, promoters of questionable "alternatives" would like to change the rules by
  which they are judged. Instead of conducting scientific studies, they use anecdotes and testimonials to promote their
  practices and political maneuvering to keep regulatory agencies at bay.

  When someone feels better after having used a product or procedure, it is natural to credit whatever was done. This is
  unwise, however, because most ailments resolve by themselves and those that persist can have variable symptoms. Even
  serious conditions can have sufficient day-to-day variation to enable useless methods to gain large followings. In
  addition, taking action often produces temporary relief of symptoms due to a placebo effect. This effect is a beneficial
  change in a person's condition that occurs in response to a treatment but is not due to the pharmacologic or physical
  aspects of the treatment. Belief in the treatment is not essential, but the placebo effect may be enhanced by such factors
  as faith, sympathetic attention, sensational claims, testimonials, and the use of scientific-looking charts, devices, and
  terminology. Another drawback of individual success stories is that they don't indicate how many failures might occur
  for each success. People who are not aware of these facts tend to give undeserved credit to "alternative" methods.

  The fact that an alternative method may exert a placebo effect that relieves symptoms is not sufficient reason to justify
  its use. Therapy should be based on the ability to alter abnormal physiology and not on the ability to elicit a less
  predictable placebo effect. Placebo therapy is inherently misleading and can make patients believe something is
  effective when it is not. Without controlled clinical trials, any treatment that is used could receive credit for the body's
  natural recuperative ability.

  A British study has demonstrated how belief in an ineffective treatment can lead people to overestimate its
  effectiveness. In 1986 personnel at Bristol Cancer Help Center felt a need to validate their program of counseling,
  "healing," a vegetarian diet, homeopathy, acupuncture, and various other therapies they believed would enhance quality
  of life and foster a positive attitude. At their invitation, a research team compared the course of 334 of the center's breast


The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_4_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:41]
  cancer patients and 461 similar patients treated at mainstream hospitals during a 16-month period. Survival times and
  metastasis-free periods were significantly shorter among the center's patients.

  Many "alternative" approaches are rooted in vitalism, the concept that bodily functions are due to a vital principle or
  "life force" distinct from the physical forces explainable by the laws of physics and chemistry and detectable by
  scientific instrumentation. Practitioners whose methods are based on vitalistic philosophy maintain that diseases should
  be treated by "stimulating the body's ability to heal itself" rather than by "treating symptoms." Homeopaths, for
  example, claim that illness is due to a disturbance of the body's "vital force," which they can correct with special
  remedies, while many acupuncturists claim that disease is due to imbalance in the flow of "life energy" (chi or Qi),
  which they can balance by twirling needles in the skin. Many chiropractors claim to assist the body's "Innate
  Intelligence" by adjusting the patient's spine. Naturopaths speak of "Vis Medicatrix Naturae." Ayurvedic physicians
  refer to "prana." And so on. The "energies" postulated by vitalists cannot be measured by scientific methods.

  Although vitalists often pretend to be scientific, they really reject the scientific method with its basic assumptions of
  material reality, mechanisms of cause and effect, and testability of hypotheses. They regard personal experience,
  subjective judgment, and emotional satisfaction as preferable to objectivity and hard evidence.

  "Alternative" practitioners often claim that their approaches promote general health and are cost-effective against
  chronic health problems. However, there is no published evidence that they are more likely than mainstream physicians
  to persuade their patients to adopt a healthy lifestyle. Nor have any vitalistic approaches been proven effective or cost-
  effective against any disease.

  During the past few years, the news media have publicized "alternative" methods in ways that are causing great public
  confusion. Most of these reports have contained no critical evaluation and have featured the views of proponents and
  their satisfied clients. Many have exaggerated the significance of the National Institutes of Health (NIH)'s recently
  opened Office of Alternative Medicine (OAM). Creation of this office was spearheaded by promoters of questionable
  cancer therapies who wanted more attention paid to their methods. Most of OAM's advisory panel members have been
  promoters of "alternative" methods, and none of its publications have criticized any method. In 1994, the OAM's first
  director resigned, charging that political interference had hampered his ability to carry out OAM's mission in a scientific
  manner. The OAM has funded about 50 studies related to "alternative" methods. However, it remains to be seen whether
  such research will yield useful results. Even if it does, the benefit is unlikely to outweigh the publicity bonanza given to
  questionable methods.

  Quackwatch Home Page: www.quackwatch.com

  Stephen Barrett, M.D., a retired psychiatrist in Allentown, Pennsylvania, is a nationally renowned author of 42 books,
  editor, and consumer advocate. An expert in medical communications, he is medical editor of Prometheus Books and
  consulting editor of Nutrition Forum, a newsletter emphasizing the exposure of fads, fallacies and quackery. Dr. Barrett
  is a board member of the National Council Against Health Fraud, a Scientific Advisor to the American Council on
  Science and Health, and a Fellow of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal
  (CSICOP).

  This article is reprinted with permission from the author.

  From the Editor

  This month, we feature an article by Stephen Barrett, MD, warning readers about alternative health methods. With the
  proliferation of products crowding the market, consumers will need to carefully separate the effective medicines and
  methods from the unproven. We will look into different subject areas that may be of interest to our readers and will
  reprint articles about these in the future.

  Chairman David is back with his wry look at the media’s treatment of pseudoscientific and paranormal topics in his
  "REALLity Check." I also have included some additional sources of information in this newsletter that may be of
  interest to you.

The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_4_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:41]
  Don’t miss May’s REALL meeting featuring Dr. Michael Shermer, director of the Skeptics Society and publisher of
  Skeptic magazine talking about peoples’ beliefs in "weird things." (For more information about the talk, see the
  announcement on the back of the newsletter.) We look forward to seeing you at the special meeting.

  From the Chairman

  "It’s a very dangerous thing to believe in nonsense." James Randi’s words echoed through my mind when I heard about
  the Heaven’s Gate mass suicide. My first instinct was to call Editor Bob and ask him to bump our planned cover story
  for something on this UFO cult. But as the days after the suicide went by, the media actually did quite a thorough job in
  covering the story -- to the point that I don’t think there is much for us to add.

  I’m sure that Skeptics Society Director Michael Shermer will have his own take on the suicide, and you can come hear
  what he has to say at our special meeting at noon on Saturday, May 10, at the Barnes & Noble store in Springfield.
  Shermer is in the area promoting his new book, Why People Believe Weird Things. Indeed, his timing is rather
  appropriate. I hope to see a large crowd of REALL members at this meeting.

  Speaking of our meetings, I’d like to thank Doug Pokorski for providing us with a great presentation for our April
  meeting, the first in a planned series of media lectures. If you missed this meeting, you missed a terrific discussion of
  how critical thinking works (and sometimes doesn’t work) in the press, not just relating to paranormal and fringe
  science topics, but to claims of all types. Thanks again, Doug!

  I’d like to add a thanks to all of you who have recently renewed your membership in REALL, especially the Patron
  Members. We’re here because of all of you, and we hope to grow more and get a wider variety of stories into the pages
  of this newsletter in the upcoming months. Indeed, this month’s cover story is an example, as we have not had very
  much on alternative medicine in past issues. Stephen Barrett has graciously let us reprint this article, and we hope to see
  more along these lines as the year goes on. We also have several new members who have expressed interest in writing
  articles for us (watch for an upcoming article on suburban shamans). If there’s a topic that you feel we haven’t been
  covering enough of, please feel free to let us know (or, better yet, write up an article about it)! We always want to hear
  from our members!

  REALLity Check

  by David Bloomberg

  It's been a few months since my last column here, so I'm going to select the best of the best (or the worst of the worst)
  that's been in the media since my last one.
  Amazing!

  I have to start with what must be labeled as the most amazing, extraordinary, astonishing, and remarkable piece: A
  skeptical article in the Chicago Tribune's Tempo section!

  Long-time readers of this column know that the Tempo section has a habit of featuring the worst possible articles in
  terms of skeptical viewpoint, and, indeed, I often use them as a point of comparison against other papers. However, on
  April 23, they actually printed an article suggesting that alien abductions might not be real! This is made all the more
  astounding because the author links it to false memories of childhood abuse, which is what skeptics have been saying
  for years. What makes it so important here is that this is the same newspaper that was talking scientifically about false
  memories in light of the accusation against Cardinal Bernardin a couple years ago and then publishing a horrible Tempo
  article completely ignoring that information and buying into claims of huge satanic conspiracies -- all the "memories" of
  which were "recovered" by patients of a therapist in the Chicago area.

  This article quotes well-known skeptical psychologists in the memory field, such as Richard Ofshe and Elizabeth
  Loftus, and discusses how therapists can create false memories through hypnosis.


The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_4_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:41]
  An added twist comes from University of Illinois, Chicago, psychologist Len Newman, who says that the abduction
  tales these people often come up with -- such as being strapped to a table, probed in various places, etc. -- "sounds a lot
  like the stories people tell when they're weaving masochistic fantasies." Indeed, he further notes that "Believers in the
  'abductions' often ask why anyone would make up such stories. But, hey, there are people who pay a lot of money to
  have experiences very close to this."

  Personally, I think he may just be reading a little too much into it, as the therapist-induced false memories theory does
  seem to explain the vast majority of these cases. What he seems to be saying is that these people have masochistic
  tendencies and just happened to go to therapists who induce false memories; that seems a bit coincidental. It also would
  indicate that "normal" people who went to these therapists would not have such false memories implanted, and I’ve seen
  no evidence to suggest such a case.

  Loftus had an interesting side note at the end of the article. She said that alien abduction stories might be preferable to
  "recovered memories" of abuse. "Whatever need this is filling, it might be better to do it with alien abduction memories
  instead of 'Daddy did it and so did Uncle and Grandpa.' At least fewer families will be destroyed in the process." A good
  point, but I think we'd all prefer if none of these false memories were implanted at all.
  Haunting All In The Head?

  Long-time REALL member Tim Harte was featured in the Illinois Times (4/10) recently with his "ghost" hunting
  materials.

  According to the article, Harte, following the lead of Michael Persinger, thinks that electromagnetic fields can disrupt
  the proper functioning of the brain's temporal lobe and cause people to feel that they have experienced a "supernatural"
  event.

  Harte's equipment measured the electromagnetic field in an area (such as a house) to see if perhaps that could be the
  cause of "ghost" sightings. According to this article, all of the "haunted" places that Harte has tested have had strong
  electromagnetic fields. Unfortunately, he has not had time to compare these to "non-haunted" places (he took readings
  in his own office at UIS, but has not had a chance to review the data), and he does understand that the information he
  has to date does not prove that Persinger's theory is correct, but it is somewhat interesting.

  Personally, I would like to see more in the way of a double-blind study. For example, the article leads off with a
  description of a boy who was having regular nightmares that a girl hanged herself in his closet. Harte found a strong
  electromagnetic field in the room and, when the boy was moved, the nightmares ended. However, we have to remember
  that we are dealing with subjective phenomena here, and, in this case, with the perceptions of a child. After all, a child
  may sometimes think there is a monster under the bed; once an adult tells him that everything is okay, that is often
  enough to soothe the child. Similarly, in this case we don't really know if the change in room -- and thus removal of the
  electromagnetic field -- was the cure, or if it was merely that the boy was told this would cure his nightmares. In other
  words, I wonder if this could be an extension of the placebo effect.

  As I said, this possible explanation is interesting and, unlike the purveyors of most ghost stories, at least it doesn't
  involve any "supernatural" or "paranormal" forces. Perhaps Mr. Harte can come and give us a talk sometime soon.
  Energy or Hogwash?

  On the flip side, there was an article in the State Journal-Register's Sunday A.M. section that I wouldn’t have been
  surprised to see in the Tribune's Tempo section. You may recall that the Illinois Times had an article last year about
  Feng Shui, a mystical oriental way to pay somebody money to reorganize your home. Well, on April 13, the SJR
  covered it and didn't do any better.

  Throughout both the article and its sidebar, the author, Julie Cellini, kept talking about "energy." We read about how the
  organization of one's house helps in "the proper flow of energy," how mirrors "reflect energy," mountains have
  "chaotic" energy, round tables "slow down the energy and help patrons relax," sharp corners "pierce the energy field,"
  etc. Unfortunately, Ms. Cellini doesn't seem at all interested in telling us just what this mysterious energy is or how it
  can be measured. Indeed, anything even remotely scientific is completely left out of the article. The closest anybody

The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_4_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:41]
  gets to even acknowledging that perhaps everything isn't as clear-cut as it seems is when a Feng Shui consultant is
  quoted as saying, "There's a 4,000-year-old track record that says Feng Shui works for many, many people. I'm not
  interested in convincing anyone." In other words: To heck with evidence!

  The author notes, "Cynics may consider it as reliable as a newspaper horoscope, but in places such as Hong Kong, it is
  taken very seriously." So only "cynics" will consider this to be nonsense? How about just rational people?
  Unfortunately, no such people were interviewed for this story, as is so often true of "fluff" pieces.

  Perhaps the most ironic quote comes from Mark Burnett, owner of Sebastian's Restaurant. He said, "I'm not into cosmic
  stuff. In fact, I think most of it is hogwash." Yet a good portion of the article talks about how he is buying into this
  particular brand of hogwash and how he plans to change the layout of his restaurant accordingly. Meanwhile, the Feng
  Shui consultants are laughing all the way to the bank.
  By the Book

  Speaking of laughing all the way to the bank, the Chicago Sun-Times had an article about one "fortune-teller" who has
  done just that (4/6). This scam could have come right out of a book on fortune-teller con games and went down exactly
  the way REALL's longtime friend Investigator Bruce Walstad has described so many times. Indeed, Walstad was
  interviewed for this article.

  The short version of the story is as follows: A 67-year-old woman died of a heart attack. In going through her
  belongings, her son, Paul Kubiak, found that she may have spent as much as $150,000 on a fortune-teller. In her purse
  he found strange rocks and a torn dollar bill held together with needles in the shape of a cross. She kept financial records
  chronicling her trips to the fortune-teller, including payments of cash, a Rolex watch, a new car, plane tickets, etc.
  According to Kubiak, "My mom ... was shopping at Nordstrom's for this woman, and we [didn't] even have a dress to
  bury her in." He has filed a complaint with the Cook County state's attorney, but since the only witness is dead, there
  isn’t much chance of a successful prosecution.

  Within the story, Walstad is quoted several times with information about the way these scams operate. The "psychic"
  starts with a cold reading -- telling the client general things that can apply to just about anybody. She gets more specific
  as she gets cues from the client and suddenly she seems to know all about the client. If the con artist thinks she has a
  good target, she then talks about curses and cures and asks the client to do all sorts of strange things. If the client
  complies, the "psychic" knows she will be coming into some money soon -- at the client's expense! These sorts of things
  explain the torn dollar bill and strange rocks in Mrs. Kubiak's purse.

  It was nice to see this entire scam outlined in one of Chicago's major newspapers. Maybe, just maybe, somebody who is
  currently being targeted by a "fortune-teller" will see it and pull out before it's too late.

  In Short
  Sources of Information

     "Sybil -- The Making of a Disease: An Interview with Dr. Herbert Spiegal." Mikkel Borch-Jacobsen. The New York
  Review of Books, April 24, 1997, pp. 60-64. Presents medical doctor's assertions that the famous "Sybil" did not have
  multiple personality disorder (MPD). Selected quote: "Highly suggestible people will of course respond in a way that
  can please the doctors, especially if there is a good rapport between them. That is why I think it is an illusion to believe
  that we can establish a valid causation for multiple personality, or for almost any kind of psychiatric illness."

     "Council for Media Integrity Blasts Networks for Distorted Treatments of Science." Kendrick Frazier, Editor.
  Skeptical Inquirer,, May/June 1997, pp. 9-12. CSICOP's new council, established last year, launches criticism of
  pseudoscientific specials. Selected quote: " 'We believe that the media have presented a distorted view of science,'
  [CSICOP founder and chairman Paul] Kurtz said, and that they have a responsibility; to provide a more balanced view
  of what is real science and what is pseudoscience.

     'We are asking only for some balance. We are asking TV not to dramatize pseudoscience as real science.' "


The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_4_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:41]
  Upcoming

    May 10 -- Special REALL meeting featuring Michael Shermer, founder and director of the Skeptics Society on "Why
  People Believe Weird Things: Pseudoscience, Superstition, and Other Confusions of Our Time," Barnes & Noble, noon.

    May 17-18 -- Center for Inquiry Workshop, "Secrets of the Supernatural," Ramada Plaza Hotel O’Hare, Chicago. Call
  1-800-634-1610 for registration and information.

     May 23-24 -- Skeptics Society 1997 Conference, "The Science Gap," Los Angeles, California. Call (818) 794-3119
  for registration and information. Web site: www.skeptic.com

  Masthead Information
  Electronic Version

  If you like what you see, please help us continue by sending in a subscription. See the end of newsletter for details.
  Purpose

  The Rational Examination Association of Lincoln Land (REALL) is a non-profit educational and scientific organization.
  It is dedicated to the development of rational thinking and the application of the scientific method toward claims of the
  paranormal and fringe-science phenomena.

  REALL shall conduct research, convene meetings, publish a newsletter, and disseminate information to its members and
  the general public. Its primary geographic region of coverage is central Illinois.

  REALL subscribes to the premise that the scientific method is the most reliable and self-correcting system for obtaining
  knowledge about the world and universe. REALL not not reject paranormal claims on a priori grounds, but rather is
  committed to objective, though critical, inquiry.

  The REALL News is its official newsletter.

  Membership information is provided elsewhere in this newsletter.

  Board of Directors: Chairman, David Bloomberg; Assistant Chairman, Prof. Ron Larkin; Secretary-Treasurer, Kevin
  Brown; Newsletter Editor, Bob Ladendorf; At-Large Members, Prof. Steve Egger, Wally Hartshorn, and Frank Mazo.

  Editorial Board: Bob Ladendorf (Newsletter Editor), David Bloomberg, (one vacancy).
  REALL
  P.O. Box 20302
  Springfield, IL 62708

  Unless stated otherwise, permission is granted to other skeptic organizations to reprint articles from The REALL News
  as long as proper credit is given. REALL also requests that you send copies of your newsletters that reprint our articles
  to the above address.

  The views expressed in these articles are the views of the individual authors and do not necessarily represent the views
  of REALL.
  REALL Contacts

     David Bloomberg, Chairman: chairman@reall.org
     Bob Ladendorf, Editor: editor@reall.org

  A Nod to Our Patrons

  REALL would like to thank our patron members. Through their extra generosity, REALL is able to continue to grow as

The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_4_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:41]
  a force for critical thinking in Central Illinois. Patron members are those giving $50 or more. To become a patron of
  REALL, please see the membership form. Patron members are:
  David Bloomberg, Springfield         Rev. Charles Hanson, Springfield
  David Brown, Danville            Wally Hartshorn, Springfield
  Alan Burge, D.D.S., Morton Bob Ladendorf, Springfield
  William Day, Springfield         John Lockard, Jr., Urbana
  David Gehrig, Springfield        Edward Staehlin, Park Forest


The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_4_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:41]
