{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T02:20:45Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 42305, "source_ctime_ns": 1790247256949825032, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-06-No-09---1998.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790247256942576718, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-06-No-09---1998.pdf", "source_sha256": "9c563b59f371300d21fbfb61556f1e2d744b49d313fcb02b50f5de5cba935185"}

Volume 6 Issue 9    November 1998
  Phrenology Considered

  by Randy Alley

  During the first half of the 19th century, phrenology was a revolutionary "science" with thousands of converts.
  Phrenology promised to take mankind to the next level of human development. Using its principles and practices,
  people would be able to achieve all of their desires — regardless of their abilities.

  Phrenology is a system that analyzes character by the size and shape of protuberances on the skull and uses this
  information to make adjustments. The principle behind phrenology was simple. The brain was said to be made up of
  organs that pressed upon the skull. The skull’s size and shape could be measured to determine the size of these organs.
  The qualities of the organs could then be looked up on the phrenological chart, which would also list exercises to
  improve the organ’s function. With proper attention, improvement would occur and the person’s life and place in
  society advanced.

  Phrenology Considered

  by Randy Alley
  For the next several issues, The REALL News will be featuring articles based on longtime member Randy Alley's
  research into two psuedosciences from the 18th and 19th centuries. Later articles will also discuss the way an early
  skeptic, Dr. Michael Kreider, dealt with these. Randy recently received his Masters Degree in history from the
  University of Illinois at Springfield, and this research was part of his thesis.

  We may often forget that pseudoscience has been around for a long time — we are by no means the first to have to
  address such issues. The first, phrenology, appears in this issue. The second, mesmerism, was most likely the first
  scientifically tested pseudoscience and will be discussed next issue. We at The REALL News hope you enjoy this small
  departure from our usual articles.

  During the first half of the 19th century, phrenology was a revolutionary "science" with thousands of converts.
  Phrenology promised to take mankind to the next level of human development. Using its principles and practices,
  people would be able to achieve all of their desires — regardless of their abilities.

  Phrenology is a system that analyzes character by the size and shape of protuberances on the skull and uses this
  information to make adjustments. The principle behind phrenology was simple. The brain was said to be made up of
  organs that pressed upon the skull. The skull’s size and shape could be measured to determine the size of these organs.
  The qualities of the organs could then be looked up on the phrenological chart, which would also list exercises to
  improve the organ’s function. With proper attention, improvement would occur and the person’s life and place in
  society advanced.

  Although phrenology is often considered part of the basis for modern neurology and psychiatry, for the most part it is a
  discredited pseudoscience that provides chuckles to museum patrons.1 They look at the phrenology busts with the lines
  showing the organs of personality and intelligence. Various traits, like destructiveness, ideality, and friendship, are
  traced upon the bust. A person merely had his or her skull measured and performed the proper mental exercises. After a
  period of time the organs would strengthen or atrophy, depending on the exercises, and the patient would improve.
  Wealth and fame could be achieved through a few simple exercises. Anyone could equal the strongest, smartest, or the
  wealthiest.

  Phrenology was the latest rage during the 19th century as thousands of people subscribed to its ideas. It fit with the
  psyche of popular culture; expansionism, imperialism, capitalism, the industrial revolution all were supported by
  phrenology’s idea that all people were equal. In America, where men were individuals who could make themselves,
  these ideas took on special meaning. Men only had to identify their strengths and weaknesses and then improve on
  them. Perfection, wealth, and power were all within their reach.


The_REALL_News_Vol_6_Num_9_1998.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:46]
  Modern phrenology was proposed by Franz Joseph Gall (1758-1828), a German physician. While working at the
  Lunatic Asylum in Vienna, Gall made observations on patients by studying the development of the human head. From
  these observations, he determined that mental powers were indicated by configurations visible upon the head. By
  observing the patients and performing autopsies after their deaths, Gall decided that the brain, covered by the dura
  mater, presented a form corresponding to that which the skull had exhibited in life. Using this knowledge in conjunction
  with the philosophies of great metaphysicians, such as Pythagoras, Plato, Galen, and Haller, who placed the sentient
  soul or intellectual faculties in the brain, Gall developed the theory of phrenology. Using his techniques, he was able to
  identify 27 organs, though he did not classify them.

  By 1800, Gall had his first disciple. Dr. Johann Casper Spurzheim (1776-1832) began assisting Gall, and adding to his
  theory. Soon, 35 different organs had been identified and divided into faculties.2 The faculties were classified into three
  categories: propensities, sentiments, and intellect. The propensities existed in man and animals and were products of
  specific nature, such as the desire to kill. The sentiments were the faculties which provided emotions. All of the
  sentiments were present in man, but only some were present in animals. The intellects were present in both man and
  animals and were what made man and animal aware of their own existence and that of other people.

  Phrenology was an old idea even at this time. Aristotle considered the brain a multiplex organ and assigned to each part
  its appropriate function. The Bishop of Ratisbon divided the head into three regions based upon 13th century writings. A
  similar plan was published in 1491 by Petrus Montaguana. But this history was not an issue for Gall. He readily
  admitted that he had used these ideas and provided a history of the philosophy of the brain with his treatise on
  phrenology. Spurzheim did the same and presented his address in the Phrenological Journal, No. VII. Art. 8, "An
  Historical Notice of the early Opinions concerning the Brain." This article was accompanied by a plate, dated 1562,
  showing different organs marked on a head.

  The theory of phrenology consisted of six underlying principles. The first principle simply stated that the brain is the
  organ of the mind. Phrenologists philosophized that without the brain there is nothing. The brain must be in a healthy
  state to be effective and to exercise its power.

  The second principle stated that the brain is a congeries of organs, containing a distinct organ for each faculty,
  sentiment, or propensity. Each organ that makes up the brain is separate and distinct. Each has its own function to
  perform. These separate organs allow man to perform different functions simultaneously.

  The third principle stated that in the brain, vigor of function is in proportion to size, other conditions being equal.
  Without other influences, the ability of an organ to perform was directly related to its size. Just as an exercised arm gets
  larger and stronger, the exercised organ would do likewise. The size of the organ would then be indicative of the
  strength of the organ.

  The fourth principle stated that the strength of each faculty, sentiment, or propensity when compared with the other
  faculties of the same individual is proportionate to the size of its particular organ, compared with the other organs of the
  same brain. This principle dictated that organs had to be exercised in a similar fashion. A person could not exercise and
  fully develop his organ of hope while ignoring his organ of locality. This idea was similar to the idea that to produce a
  strong arm you have to exercise the tricep as well as the bicep. Without the strength of one, the other will never achieve
  its potential.

  The fifth principle stated that the brain, or particular organs within the brain, are increased in size and power by exercise
  or stimulation. If you exercise a muscle, its becomes stronger. By exercising the organs of the brain, they would become
  stronger.

  The sixth principle stated that not only the size of the brain, but the relative size of different organs, could be ascertained
  by the shape of the skull. This was the underlying support for phrenology. Each organ would make an indentation or
  protuberance upon the skull. The phrenologists claimed that by measuring the skull, they could identify the size of the
  organs.


The_REALL_News_Vol_6_Num_9_1998.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:46]
  Gall and Spurzheim knew and admitted that dissection could not reveal the functions of any organ. The newly identified
  organs of the mind were no exception. However, there was a good explanation: anatomists not using the power of
  metaphysical philosophy were prevented from uncovering the secret of phrenology. But phrenologists using their
  knowledge of metaphysics developed a system of measuring minute differences between individual organs of the brain.
  These differences, as small as 1/10th of an inch, disclosed the difference in development between large and small organs
  of the propensities, sentiments, and intellect.

  The functions of the newly identified organs provided insight into a person’s character. The phrenologist could identify
  these organs and their character traits. A patient could then identify what he wanted to improve and get specific
  exercises to gain the advantages desired.

  Unfortunately, the exercises were usually simple, ineffective, and bordered on common sense. If a person scored high in
  alimentiveness it meant he would have weight problems. The organ of alimentiveness was located in front of the ear,
  where the top of the ear lobe meets the skull. This person was identified as "the feeder" and demonstrated certain traits
  about man’s nature:

    Appetite; the feeding instinct; relish for food; hunger. Adapted to man’s need of food, and of an eating instinct.
  Perverted, it produces gormandizing and gluttony, and causes dyspepsia with all its evils.3

  If a person measured very large they would "often eat more than is requisite." Phrenologists recommended that the
  sufferer "should be educated at once by omitting one meal daily" and instead "drinking abundantly cold water." He was
  given exercises which consisted of, "eat but seldom" and "eat slowly" while directing their attention to what they were
  eating. Those people who measured small in this trait were said to be "devoid of appetite." They were given exercises
  given to cultivate or increase this trait. These exercises consisted of "consider before you eat what you would relish
  best" and "indulge your appetite."4

  The knowledge provided by phrenologists on the characteristics of alimentiveness was extremely limited. People knew
  if they were overweight. They also knew that they could control it by eating less. The phrenologist had not told the
  patient anything he did not know, or could not figure out by simple observation. In other words, phrenology provided no
  new information. Other traits were more humorous.

  The organ of individuality provided the trait of "the observer." The person with highly developed Individuality
  possessed a desire to see and examine all that was around them, to understand "the thingness of things." If the trait was
  perverted the person would "stare and gaze imprudently." People who measured large in Individuality were thought to
  be fond of objects and take "pleasure in personifying even mere events and phenomena." This organ was located behind
  the root of the nose, between the eyebrows. Those people who measured small in this trait would lack the "desire to see
  and examine" and would "observe only what is thrust upon the attention." To cultivate this trait, the patient was told to
  notice whatever comes into the range of vision and to observe little details intently. For those people who desired to
  restrain this trait the exercise consisted of "look and stare less, and think more."5

  Phrenology had many followers. Several rich and famous people were analyzed phrenologically. The list read like a
  Who’s Who of American culture: Matthew Brady, P.T. Barnum, Horace Mann, Samuel Morse, the Wright Brothers,
  Andrew Carnegie, Andy Jackson, Daniel Webster, and Abraham Lincoln.6 Of course, many of these people belittled the
  theory. Mark Twain even claimed that he submitted only to test it. Luckily, Twain’s test was successful and he was able
  to label phrenology worthy of his scorn. As more interest was shown in phrenology, more practitioners came forward
  with new discoveries. New publications, like the American Phrenological Journal, touted these discoveries and spread
  the word that phrenology would provide a short-cut for human beings to achieve perfectibility. By the mid-19th century,
  more than 83 organs had been discovered.

  The phrenological exam was simple. Using calipers the phrenologist would measure the horizontal circumference of the
  head. A ball on the end of the calipers was inserted into the ear, and measurements taken to different points of the head.
  The phrenologist would then physically examine the head with his hands. Specific areas were then examined. Each
  organ’s region was assigned a measurement from one to seven. One to three indicated that the organ was small, six that
  it was large, and seven earned a very large. The patient was provided a chart which delineated exercises to correct

The_REALL_News_Vol_6_Num_9_1998.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:46]
  deficiencies, which could result from an organ being too small or too large depending upon whether or not the trait was
  desirable. Exercise would strengthen and enlarge weak organs, while neglect would allow undesirable organs to
  atrophy.

  While phrenologists went on professing the science’s tenets, other more serious men went about denouncing it as the
  pseudoscience it was. This group had a far easier time disproving phrenology than supporters had proving it.

  The first response of critics was that upon dissection no separate organs could be found. The phrenologists were quick
  to argue the form and structure of an organ would not provide information about its function. But this did not answer the
  question. Where were the "organs"? Anatomists knew that the brain was not made up of separate organs. Furthermore,
  the brain is cushioned from the skull by the dura mater, pia matter and the arachnoid granulations. The presence of these
  three tissues prevents the direct contact of the brain with the skull and make it impossible for the brain to shape the
  skull. Only the surface prosencephalon, or forebrain, comes into even indirect contact with the skull. The largest mass of
  the brain, the mesencephalon and rhombencephalon, is beneath the surface and is in contact with only the
  prosencephalon.

  This discussion does not even address that there were layers of bone, muscles, arteries, nerves, skin, and hair between
  the phrenologists and the brain. Also, it was known to anatomists that the actual size and shape of the brain could not be
  ascertained until the death of the user. By then the user does not need the information.

  The anatomists searched further. Through experiments by Pierre Flourens (1794-1867) it was discovered that the brain
  was a complete organ with regions controlling different functions. Flourens was an eminent French scientist who served
  as permanent secretary of the Academy of Science. By experimenting on pigeons he demonstrated that different parts of
  the brain could be removed and yet the animals could still function. Flourens determined that the cerebellum served the
  abilities of locomotion. It did not control emotions such as anger and love as assigned by Gall and Spurzheim. Flourens’
  research also proved that the brain was one organ and that damage to one region would not result in a total loss of
  function.

  Phrenologists also failed by supposing that each organ had organs which supported it. If one organ were damaged or
  weak, another complementary organ could replace its function. If a person had a large organ of individuality, it would
  support his organ of causality. The organ of causality provided man with the ability to think and plan. A person who
  scored large possessed the ability to deduce, reason and invent. They would "[d]esire to know the whys and wherefores
  of the things and investigate their laws."7 This trait supported the desire to know the "thingness of things" provided by
  large Individuality.8 But this was clearly wrong. As Dr. John Abernathy, in 1825, pointed out, these organs are not
  interchangeable.

     The eye cannot judge sensations produced by the ear, nor the ear those of smell, taste, and touch, yet we decide on all
  our sensations, faculties, and sentiments; consequently, whatever exercises this power must be acted upon by all parts of
  the brain.9

  Each organ had its own function. If one organ was lost another could never replace it. These were facts that phrenology
  could not address.

  Phrenology also opposed popular early 19th philosophy. The tenets of phrenology stated that all animals possessed
  similar organs which controlled their actions. Therefore, man and animals with similar organs should behave similarly.
  Yet animals with similar organs could behave differently. Some animal species cared for their young, others did not.
  This care appeared consistent throughout the same species. Dogs, cats, birds, and horses always cared for and defended
  their young. Reptiles did not. Man pursued both actions. But all men possessed similar organs. Why this difference?
  Phrenologists did not have an answer. Killing followed the same philosophy. At the time, animals were known to kill
  only for self-preservation, not for fun or sport. However, man killed for enjoyment. Abernathy explained this idea by
  discussing the differences between man and animals desire to build things.

     Admitting that man, like animals possess in various degrees a natural propensity and talent for construction, yet no
  blind impulse regulates his labours; he constructs what his reason directs, or his fancy suggests; he forms previous plans

The_REALL_News_Vol_6_Num_9_1998.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:46]
  or designs, and alters them till the whole seems to accord with his intentions; and yet none of his works is so unalterably
  perfect as are those produced by blind instinct operating according to the ordinance of overruling Intelligence.10

  The brains of man and animals were different. Each man behaved differently because of social and philosophical
  differences, not because of differences in the organs of the brain.

  Phrenology conflicted with many known scientific principles. Anatomists had proven that only one organ, the brain,
  appeared within the skull. The brain did not come into direct contact with the skull, so it could not cause protuberances.
  Further, anatomists demonstrated that the cerebellum did not control emotion, but movement. When quizzed on the
  anatomy of the brain, phrenologists became vague and nebulous. They accused the anatomist of not understanding this
  premise or that philosophy. Phrenologists could not reconcile one underlying fact: the organs that they measured did not
  exist. No one could find them because they were not there.

  Phrenology tried to free man by placing his development under his own control. Its greatest strength was that it gave
  man hope. However, when examined, phrenology was revealed to be pure charlatanism and wishful thinking.

  Randy Alley recently received his Masters Degree in History; this article is taken from a part of that thesis.
  References

  1There is a small group of phrenologists still active in Great Britain. (See: Frances Hedderly,Phrenology: A Study of the
  Mind (London: L. N. Fowler & Co. Ltd, 1970.

  2G. Spurzheim, Outlines of Phrenology (Boston: Marsh, Capen and Lyon, 1832), p. 24-71, Daniel N. Robinson, ed.,
  Significant Contributions to the History of Psychology 1750-1920 (Washington, DC: University Publications of
  America, 1978.)

  3O. S. Fowler, Fowler’s Practical Phrenology (New York: Fowler & Wells, 1846), pp. 90-92.

  4Ibid., pp. 91-92.

  5Ibid., pp. 137-139.

  6 Madeleine B. Stern, ed., A Phrenological Dictionary of Nineteenth-Century Americans (Westport, CT: Greenwood
  Press, 1982), pp. v-vi.

  7O. S. Fowler, Fowler’s Practical Phrenology (New York: Fowler & Wells, 1846), p. 157.

  8Ibid., pp. 137-139.

  9 John Abernathy, The Surgical and Physiological Works of John Abernathy (London: Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme &
  Browne, Reprint by Oliver D. Cooke & Co., 1825), Vol. 2, p. 77.

  10Ibid., p. 51.


The_REALL_News_Vol_6_Num_9_1998.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:46]
