{"created_utc": "2026-09-24T06:07:17Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 25685, "source_ctime_ns": 1790228459061002937, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-06-No-08---1998.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790228459057079623, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-06-No-08---1998.pdf", "source_sha256": "8f619a803124855cd6b0605374b34629ed882e100624c95cdea005984a4ca931"}

Volume 6 Issue 8       October 1998
  Illinois Tackles Repressed Memory Doctor

  by David Bloomberg

  By the time you read this article, Dr. Bennett Braun should be through the first preliminary hearing in a potentially long
  process that could lead to the loss of his license to practice medicine in Illinois. He was to appear before the Illinois
  Department of Professional Regulation on September 28 to be assigned a hearing date and present his answer to that
  body’s complaint against him.

  Braun is one of the most well-known doctors to believe in the validity of repressed memories, multiple personality
  disorder (MPD), and huge conspiracies of satanic cults. Indeed, he has taught a number of other therapists how to obtain
  and deal with "repressed memories." This complaint has a direct bearing on how those beliefs and teachings affected his
  patients.More

  Illinois Tackles Repressed Memory Doctor

  By David Bloomberg

  By the time you read this article, Dr. Bennett Braun should be through the first preliminary hearing in a potentially long
  process that could lead to the loss of his license to practice medicine in Illinois. He was to appear before the Illinois
  Department of Professional Regulation on September 28 to be assigned a hearing date and present his answer to that
  body’s complaint against him.

  Braun is one of the most well-known doctors to believe in the validity of repressed memories, multiple personality
  disorder (MPD), and huge conspiracies of satanic cults. Indeed, he has taught a number of other therapists how to obtain
  and deal with "repressed memories." This complaint has a direct bearing on how those beliefs and teachings affected his
  patients.

  While Braun has been the target of at least five lawsuits (two settled, three in process, according to the False Memory
  Syndrome Foundation and Chicago Daily Law Bulletin), this is the first regulatory challenge to his claims; because
  mental health information is confidential, no charges could be filed until a patient came forward to waive that
  confidentiality. One of the lawsuits and the information leading to this complaint were filed by Patricia Burgus and her
  family. Her lawsuit was settled out of court for $10.6 million in October (see "REALLity Check," Vol. 6, #2, February
  1998), with no admission of guilt.

  According to the Chicago Tribune (8/13/98), Burgus started seeing Braun due to depression. Within weeks, she was
  caught up in the strange world of repressed memories, MPD, and satanic cult claims, including the belief that "she
  suddenly possessed 300 personalities and remembered sexually abusing her children, eating meatloaf made of human
  flesh and serving as the high priestess of a satanic cult covering nine midwestern states." Even her children were caught
  up when Braun had them admitted to the hospital’s psychiatric center at the ages of 4 and 5.

  The complaint is 23 pages long, detailing scores of charges against Braun. Some of these are quoted below (P.B. is
  Patricia Burgus; J.B. and M.B. are her sons).

  The first 45 allegations are listed as background and later incorporated as charges. Among them are:

    The Respondent [Braun], without any appropriate or reasonable medical justification, confined J.B. and M.B. in
  Rush’s mental institution for a continuous period of approximately three years.

     The Respondent, without any appropriate or reasonable medical justification, confined P.B. in Rush’s mental
  institution for a continuous period of approximately twenty-seven months.


The_REALL_News_Vol_6_Num_8_1998.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:45]
     During various therapy sessions with Respondent, the minor children and P.B. were instructed to and did discuss
  imaginary episodes of abuse that P.B. had come to believe that the minor children and she had participated in,
  individually and jointly, and in conjunction with other family members, and a supposed trangenerational, organized,
  satanic cult. These imaginary episodes allegedly consisted of sexual, physical, and emotional abuse, human sacrifice and
  human torture.

     As a result of the therapy prescribed and administered to P.B. and the minor children, the minor children came to
  believe that they had participated in episodes of abuse at the hands of P.B., other family members, and a supposed
  transgenerational, organized, satanic cult, including repeated episodes of sexual, physical and emotional abuse, human
  sacrifice and human torture.

  The complaint then details the nine counts filed against Braun, including "Gross Negligence" relating to P.B., J.B., and
  M.B., "Dishonorable, Unethical, and Unprofessional Conduct" dealing with all three, "Making a False or Misleading
  Statement Regarding the Skill or Efficacy or Value of the Medicine, Treatment, or Remedy Prescribed By Him at His
  Discretion in the Treatment of Any Disease or Other Condition of the Body or Mind," "Prescribing, Selling,
  Administering, Distributing, or Giving Any Drug Classified as a Controlled Substance or Narcotic for Other Than
  Medically Accepted Purposes," and "A Pattern of Practice or Other Behavior Which Demonstrates Incapacity or
  Incompetence to Practice Under This Act."

  Some of the charges in the "Gross Negligence – P.B." section, allegation 46, are:

     (d) Established an unorthodox treatment regimen in assigning to P.B. various "personalities";

    (e) Improperly implemented the aforesaid treatment regimen, encouraging and assisting P.B. in developing
  "personalities" which the Respondent represented were "alter" personalities within P.B., when no such personalities
  existed;

    (f) Improperly implemented the aforesaid treatment regimen using suggestive and coercive techniques to encourage
  and assist P.B. to "remember" episodes of abuse.

     (j) Uncritically applied hypnotic techniques in the course of therapy;

    (x) Advised P.B. and her husband that "multiple personality disorder" is caused by extreme childhood abuse which is
  not remembered or "repressed";

     (y) Advised P.B. and her husband that individuals could repress or dissociate all knowledge of traumatic events so
  that a person can have suffered from extreme abuse for many years from early childhood through adulthood with no
  conscious knowledge that such events ever occurred;

    (aa) Advised P.B. and her husband that "repressed memories" being uncovered during the course of her treatment and
  her children’s treatment represented real memories of actual historical events;

    (bb) Advised P.B. and her husband that organized, world-wide transgenerational satanic cults which engaged in mass
  murder, torture, satanic ritual abuse, human sacrifices and similar activities did in fact exist and that their existence and
  activities were well-known;

     (cc) Repeatedly advised and convinced P.B. and her husband, when either or both expressed doubt as to the existence
  of satanic ritual abuse or the validity of the memories of such abuse, that they were the only people questioning such
  concepts and beliefs;

     (ff) Advised P.B. that she had sexually abused her minor children;

    (hh) Advised P.B. and her husband that P.B. had caused their minor children to participate in various satanic ritual
  activities including human and animal sacrifice, cannibalism, and various acts of human torture;

The_REALL_News_Vol_6_Num_8_1998.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:45]
    (ii) Failed to adequately inform P.B. and her husband of the risk that the techniques used in treatment were capable of
  causing false memories of events which never occurred by which nevertheless seem real to the patient;

  Thomas Glasgow, the chief of medical prosecutions who developed the complaint, was quoted by the Tribune as saying,
  "The purpose of this complaint and the purpose of this prosecution is not to go after multiple-personality disorder or
  repressed memory." However, several counts of the complaint specifically say Braun:

    (jj) Failed to adequately inform P.B. and her husband of the risk that the diagnosis of multiple personality disorder
  was controversial and that the diagnosis was not widely accepted in the mental health community;

    (kk) Failed to inform P.B. and her husband that there was further controversy in the mental health community as to
  whether or not multiple personality disorder was being overdiagnosed and often found in people who did not in fact
  have that disorder

     (ll) Failed to inform P.B. and her husband of the risk that "multiple personality disorder" can be caused by improper
  therapy;

    (mm) Failed to inform P.B. and her husband that the theory of repression lacked scientific validity and was not
  generally accepted in the scientific community;

  While that sounds like they’re "going after" MPD and repressed memory claims, Glasgow restated, in a phone
  interview, that they are not necessarily saying repressed memory therapy is faulty, but in this case they are alleging that
  Braun failed to take steps to assure he was treating the patients properly. It will be interesting to see what is said within
  the case itself about the lack of scientific validity for repressed memory therapy.

  The preliminary hearing is only the first step in the process, which can involve all kinds of motions, discovery, hearings,
  the Medical Disciplinary Board, and an eventual recommendation that could range from no punishment to a reprimand
  to fines and suspension or revocation of his license to practice medicine in Illinois. REALL will continue to report on
  this case as news becomes available.


The_REALL_News_Vol_6_Num_8_1998.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:45]
