{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T01:35:32Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 49636, "source_ctime_ns": 1790384562332035171, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-07-No-11---1999.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790384562328096522, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-07-No-11---1999.pdf", "source_sha256": "3b6b14721585373d90d1a9e80405ba7f668fa3a7c3b3e4993a6ff6c14a6a81c8"}

Volume 7
  Number 11
  The REALL News

  "It's a very dangerous thing to believe in nonsense."
  -- James Randi
        November 1999
  The Shaman Question: Revisited

  by Richard Petraitis

  While conducting research on the Taino Indians, I uncovered an intriguing record of shamanic deception, as chronicled
  by the Spanish conquistadors. According to the account, a Taino cacique (chief) convinced his subjects he had magical
  abilities because a zemi (the carved idol of a forest spirit guardian) located inside the chief’s home had the supernatural
  power to speak

  The Shaman Question: Revisited

  by Richard Petraitis

  *While conducting research on the Taino Indians, I uncovered an intriguing record of shamanic deception, as chronicled
  by the Spanish conquistadors. According to the account, a Taino cacique (chief) convinced his subjects he had magical
  abilities because a zemi (the carved idol of a forest spirit guardian) located inside the chief’s home had the supernatural
  power to speak. The suspicious Spaniards soon found the origin of the zemi’s (and cacique’s) power - a cohort of the
  Taino headman, hidden in the chief’s dwelling, who spoke into a long narrow tube connected to the guardian idol.
  Neither the zemi nor cacique had magical power!1 The Taino chief begged the Spanish not to reveal the source of his
  magic to the villagers. For years, the cacique had fooled the locals with his magician’s ruse. This historical account begs
  the question, "Is shamanism the belief in magic delivered to adherents with a bit of legerdemain and showmanship?"

  Recently, I have been taken to task by critics of my article, "The Shamans of Suburbia" (May 1997, Vol. 5, #5). David
  Bloomberg, the chairman of REALL, notified me he received E-mail responses that took issue with my critique of
  Native American Shamanism. Some challengers were offended at my skeptical approach to the topic which relied on
  history, using primary and secondary sources. I believe a historically based skepticism can help many Americans
  counter the revived, societal enthusiasm for magical thinking. For the reader, I have listed the dissenting questions to my
  article from friend and foe. I hope to further build a case against a belief in magic by using history to contest the
  revived, New Age romance with Shamanism.

  1. The Native American shamans had the ability to see the future! How else can we explain the Aztec prophecy of
  "bearded white gods" from the sea and other Native predictions about the coming of the white man?

  Not true! According to the record of history, the superstitious Montezuma II had assembled a large group of sorcerers
  when he began receiving reports of strange men from the sea, as sent to him by the inhabitants of the Yucatan coast.
  Montezuma’s court sorcerers failed to provide answers about these strangers, so the enraged emperor had the lot tossed
  into prison to starve to death.2 One savvy magician, Martin Ocelotl, gained information about the Spanish who landed
  on the Yucatan, and he prophesied to Montezuma II about "men with beards" equating them with returning gods for the
  emperor’s favor. Later, Ocelotl ran afoul of the Spanish Inquisition. Why? He unwisely bragged to the new rulers that
  he had been made whole again after Montezuma II had him cut in two!3 Ocelotl’s career soon ended.

  Some New Agers like to give credit for true prophecy to the first people who encountered Columbus, the Taino. Per the
  sixteenth century missionary, Friar Ramon, Taino chiefs claimed that their supreme deity "Being of Yucca" told them
  that "they would enjoy their domain for only a brief time because dressed people, very different, will come to their land
  and impose themselves." Did the Taino divine the future? But what of the Friar Ramon who recorded the chiefs as first
  using the prophecy to refer to the warlike Carib!4 Notably, the Taino prophets were quick to change the specifics of


The_REALL_News_Vol_7_Num_11_1999.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:48]
  their ancient prophecy when a new adversary invaded their island world. Couldn’t the "Being of Yucca" have been more
  specific?

  During their first encounters with white men, the historical evidence points at the martial unpreparedness of the Native
  Americans to deal with the invaders, despite the many prophets and seers among the Amerindians. The first sightings of
  sailing ships by the Amerindians were described as "temples on the sea."5 Surely, the shamans, with their ability to
  foresee the future, could have warned their different peoples that these "temples" carried settlers, soldiers, and cannon!
  Their reputed ability to foretell events notwithstanding, the shamans were unable to provide their people with more
  pragmatic information about these new strangers, the Europeans. Despite the shamans’ claims to see the future, there
  was often surprise, not preparedness, displayed by the Amerindians during their early encounters with colonizers.

  2. The Native American use of magical means to combat aggressors was much exaggerated in your article!

  The four century old struggle for the Americas, as waged by the original inhabitants, often involved the use of magic. In
  1519, when the conquistadors were encamped on the Mexican coastline, Montezuma’s first attempts to thwart the white
  intruder were magical. The emperor’s wizards infiltrated the camp of Hernando Cortes and attempted to use magic
  against the Spaniards. The spells of the Aztec wizards failed; they returned to Montezuma II and stated, "We are not
  equal contenders."6 Amerindian magic failed to stop the conquistadors.

  The English colonizers also experienced Native American resistance by magical means. The early English settlement of
  Jamestown, Virginia, had its existence challenged by the powerful Powhatan confederacy. Powhatan priests were in the
  forefront of the conflicts because of their alleged ability to see the future, to discern secrets, to change the weather, and
  to use magic to fight enemies.7 In 1611, a battle ensued between English arquebussers and Amerindian bowmen. An
  Amerindian priest saw arrows bounce off the English armor, and seeing that the English guns needed sparks to fire, he
  decided to help his side with magic. "The wonder-worker ran the length of the battlefield, rattle in hand, and attempted
  to invoke the rain gods. Unfortunately, the only rain observed by the English fell miles away, keeping the English
  powder dry, and the Amerindian bowmen at a most serious disadvantage!8

  In 1621, Nemattanew, a Powhatan war leader, claimed immunity from English gunfire, using a magic body oil.
  Nemattanew was fatally wounded, but to preserve the myth of immunity for his followers, he requested to be buried
  among the English.9 Despite the inability of magic oil to stop lead balls, the Powhatan belief in their shamans’ magic
  remained unshaken, and belief in divining an enemy’s intention was high. Ever slowly, as the colonists gained the upper
  hand in the Eastern woodlands, the shamans lost face in the eyes of their people because of their continued failure to
  combat European weapons and diseases. The shamans thought their magic failed because the English were "strange."10

  The Amerindian use of magic in warfare continued until the end of the nineteenth century. The Western Apache
  employed charms to keep bullets from harming their warriors. The leaders of war parties believed that their protective
  charms, as they rode ahead of their men, would keep the bullets from going past them to harm the warriors bringing up
  the rear.11 These practices weren’t new among the Amerindians. Specifically, shamans were thought to be immune to
  bullets; they were even thought to have the ability to catch bullets!12 However, magic charms couldn’t protect Indian
  warriors from modern military arms.

  The Amerindian belief in magic lost battles. During the summer of 1857, this was evident with a major Cheyenne defeat
  along the Solomon River. A troop of United States cavalry, three hundred strong, faced an Indian band of equal number.
  The commanding army officer expected the Indians to flee, but the mounted warriors had washed their hands in a magic
  lake. A shaman had promised that the lake’s waters would protect the warriors from bullets. The cavalrymen charged
  with sabers and the braves fled the battlefield. Why? The magical water shielded the warriors from bullets, not the
  cavalrymen’s unsheathed sabers!13

  How much of the Amerindian resistance was driven by a belief in the magic power of shamans is the subject of heated
  debate. The historical evidence points to the inefficacy of the seers, and the shamans, to alter a tragic fate by the use of
  charms, or any other sympathetic magic. There can be no better example of the tragedy brought about by magical
  thinking than the 1890 American Indian battle at Wounded Knee. Nearly two hundred Indian men, women, and children
  were felled by the Hotchkiss guns of the U.S. Army, despite the alleged supernatural ability of "ghost shirts" to ward off

The_REALL_News_Vol_7_Num_11_1999.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:48]
  bullets.

  3. Shamans acted within their worldview. The shamans of The Americas never resorted to trickery. They believed in the
  ability to use the power of spirit beings.

  Au contraire! Yes, shamans genuinely may have believed in their ability to communicate with spirit beings, but they
  resorted to magician’s tricks to strengthen their people’s belief in shamanic "powers." Shamans were known as
  conjurers extraordinaire! Shamans used ventriloquism, Houdini-like rope tricks, hypnotism, and other sleight of hand to
  convince those around them of their supernatural power. Audiences were often awed by the vomiting of blood; the
  shaman would fool his audience by swallowing a bladder filled with animal blood only to break the bag with his
  stomach muscles.14 During the winters, shamans wowed the audiences with knife swallowing, fire walking, and
  incredible contests against invisible shamans.15 Shamans were, and tend to be, great showmen.

  Early colonists of New England noted the use of ruses by Powhatan "priests." These priests used the darkness of their
  temple buildings to animate the image of a chief Powhatan god - Okeus, by the figure’s mechanical manipulation.16
  Given a lack of light in the temple and a cloth draped over the idol, a priest, hidden behind the carved likeness of Okeus,
  was able to draw on the smoke of lit pipes placed in the god’s mouth by worshippers. When English colonists uncovered
  the illusion, the Powhatan were more angry at the curious colonists than their priests!17 It was Okeus’s image, called
  Okee by the English, that was carried into battle (not unlike the Biblical ark) by Powhatan warriors in the belief Okee
  would provide victory. In the early 1600s, a skirmish between English arquebussers and Indian warriors dispelled the
  myth of the god’s supernatural power, as the battlefield bearers of Okee’s image fell before English gunfire.18 Yet
  again, supernatural belief led to tragedy in battle.

  4. Weren’t the European colonizers of The New World also guilty of magical thinking? What about the witchcraft trials
  in Salem? The Native Americans never engaged in such superstitious nonsense!

  It is true that the Europeans often displayed the same irrationality as those they subjugated, the Amerindians. Science
  was in its infant stage when the intrepid explorer Christopher Columbus attempted to exorcise a water spout threatening
  his ships during a voyage to the New World.19 Later, the conquistador Hernando Cortes would flee the Aztec capital of
  Tenochtitlan, losing six hundred men to the Aztecs, because of astrological belief. An expedition astrologer, Botello,
  convinced the Spanish that the retreat was a great idea. Why? Botello had told the conquistadors that spirits, conjured by
  his magical art, advised the Spanish to retreat!20 Superstition soon reached its zenith among colonists in the New World
  with the witchcraft trials of the Puritans. In 1692, at Salem, Massachusetts, twenty people were executed as witches
  until colonial leaders stopped the panic. Reason was slow to overcome superstition.

  However, as science eroded the chains of superstition for Western civilization, magical thinking remained entrenched in
  Amerindian societies. Witchcraft purges, and "smelling out witches," was prevalent among the Amerindian people. The
  Iroquois hunted witches with quartz crystals. (That crystals were used by the Amerindians to identify witches for
  execution should trouble all New Agers.) The Iroquois believed that disease was caused by witchcraft.21 The Carib
  killed sorcerers, mainly women, using torture to execute the accused.22 Among the Native Americans, the belief in
  casting spells was so strong that a suspected sorcerer or witch would find his or her life in considerable jeopardy. In one
  year, 1810, the Delaware and Shawnee people killed fifty members of their tribal groups for alleged witchcraft.23
  Amerindians, such as the Apache, used burning as a way of executing witches: they were generally roasted over a fire.
  Retaliation for imagined magical acts took a serious toll on many feuding Indian tribes. The Amerindians met witchcraft
  with counter-witchcraft, and the California Indians went to war over perceived acts of magical aggression.24 What was
  the human cost of the Amerindian witch hysteria? We may never assess the total casualties of these "magic wars" due to
  a scarcity of written records. However, can the detrimental impact of shamans, often involved in "smelling out"
  ceremonies and tribal war councils, on Amerindian societies be disputed?

  5. Why are you (the author) against the New Age interest in Native American Shamanism?

  During the Indian Wars in the Americas, shamans played an active part in tragedy. Today, despite historical evidence of
  magic’s failure to win wars or alter nature, New Agers are embracing shamanism. Unbelievably, a recent George
  magazine poll stated one third of Americans believe in witchcraft!25 Societies that are grounded in magical thinking

The_REALL_News_Vol_7_Num_11_1999.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:48]
  pay a heavy price in human life. From 1987 to 1997, several thousand people have been beaten or burned across the
  continent of Africa. Their crime? They were identified as witches, wizards, or sorcerers by their communities. (See also
  "Bullets into Water: The Sorcerers of Africa," August 1998, Vol. 6, #6.) Is this the road Americans wish to travel on?
  Bibliography

  Steward, Julian H., ed., Handbook Of South American Indians: The Circum- Carribbean Tribes. Vol. IV, Washington:
  United States Printing Office, 1948, pgs. 536-537.

  Thomas, Hugh, Conquest: Montezuma, Cortes, And The Fall Of Old Mexico, New York: Simon and Schuster, 1993,
  pgs.46-49.

  Thomas, Hugh, Conquest: Montezuma, Cortes, And The Fall Of Old Mexico, New York: Simon and Schuster, 1993,
  pgs. 41-49.

  Josephy, Alvin M., Jr. editor, and Hoxie, Frederick E. developer, America In 1492: The World Of The Indian Peoples
  Before The Arrival Of Columbus, New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 1992, pg. 154.

  Thomas, Hugh, Conquest: Montezuma, Cortes, And The Fall Of Old Mexico, New York: Simon and Schuster, 1993,
  pgs. 41-43.

  Thomas, Hugh, Conquest: Montezuma, Cortes, And The Fall Of Old Mexico, New York: Simon and Schuster, 1993,
  pgs. 193-197.

  Rountree, Helen C., The Powhatan Indians Of Virginia: Their Traditional Culture, U.S.A.: University of Oklahoma
  Press, Norman and London, 1989, pgs. 130-137.

  Rountree, Helen C., The Powhatan Indians Of Virginia: Their Traditional Culture, U.S.A.: University of Oklahoma
  Press, Norman and London, 1989, pgs. 130-137.

  Rountree, Helen C., Pocahontas's People: The Powhatan Indians Of Virginia Through Four Centuries, U.S.A.:
  University of Oklahoma Press, Norman and London, 1990, pgs. 81-83.

  Rountree, Helen C., The Powhatan Indians Of Virginia: Their Traditional Culture, U.S.A.: University of Oklahoma
  Press, Norman and London, 1989, pgs. 130-137.

  Basso, Keith H. ed., Western Apache Raiding And Warfare: From The Notes of Grenville Goodwin, Tucson: The
  University of Arizona Press, 1971, pgs. 243-244.

  Ogden, Tom, Wizards and Sorcerers: From Abracadabra To Zoroaster, New York, NY: Facts On File, Inc., 1997, pg.
  151.

  Axelrod, Alan, Chronicle of The Indian Wars: From Colonial Times To Wounded Knee, New York: Prentice Hall,
  1993, pg. 180.

  Farb, Peter, Man’s Rise To Civilization As Shown By The Indians Of North America From Primeval Times To The
  Coming Of The Industrial State, New York: E.P. Dutton and Co., 1968, pgs. 49-52.

  Gerber, Peter R., The Indians Of The Northwest Coast, New York, NY: Facts On File, 1989, pgs. 138-139.

  Rountree, Helen C., The Powhatan Indians Of Virginia: Their Traditional Culture, U.S.A.: University of Oklahoma
  Press, Norman and London, 1989, pgs. 130-137.

  Rountree, Helen C., The Powhatan Indians Of Virginia: Their Traditional Culture, U.S.A.: University of Oklahoma
  Press, Norman and London, 1989, pgs 130-137.

The_REALL_News_Vol_7_Num_11_1999.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:48]
  Gleach, Frederick W., Powhatan's World And Colonial Virginia: A Conflict Of Cultures, U.S.A.: University of
  Nebraska Press, 1997, pgs. 52-53.

  Durant, Will, The Reformation: A History Of Civilization From Wyclif To Calvin: 1300-1564, New York, MJF Books,
  1957, pg. 267. Vol. 6 of The Story of Civilization. 11 volumes.

  Thomas, Hugh, Conquest: Montezuma, Cortes, And The Fall Of Old Mexico, New York: Simon and Schuster, 1993,
  pgs. 407-412.

  Snow, Dean R., The Iroquois, U.S.A.: Cambridge, Mass: Blackwell, 1994, pgs. 96-98.

  Steward, Julian H. ed., The Handbook of South American Indians: the Circum Carribean Indians, Vol. IV, Washington:
  The United States Printing Office, 1948, pg. 563.

  Sugden, John, Tecumseh: A Life, New York: Henry Holt and Co., 1997, pgs. 208-209.

  Driver, Harold E. Indians Of North America, 2nd ed., Chicago: The University Of Chicago Press, 1969, pg. 317.

  Sommers, Christina Hoff, "Arguing Science: Fleeing Science And Reason," The American Enterprise, 20 October,
  1998, 59-62.

  Bennett Braun Case Settled

  by David Bloomberg

  The Illinois Department of Professional Regulation’s case against Bennett Braun for his treatment of the Burgus family
  has been settled prior to the scheduled November hearings.

  As discussed in previous issues, the Illinois Department of Professional Regulation (IDPR) filed a complaint against
  psychiatrist Bennett Braun, a leader in the repressed memory movement, and two of his colleagues. One of those
  colleagues, Elva Poznanski, had settled her case a few months ago.

  Bennett Braun Case Settled

  by David Bloomberg

  Glasgow noted that it sends a "very powerful message" that doctors should not be practicing "hocus pocus psychiatry."

  The Illinois Department of Professional Regulation’s case against Bennett Braun for his treatment of the Burgus family
  has been settled prior to the scheduled November hearings.

  As discussed in previous issues (Vol. 6, #8, #9, #10; Vol. 7, #2, #6, & #7), the Illinois Department of Professional
  Regulation (IDPR) filed a complaint against psychiatrist Bennett Braun, a leader in the repressed memory movement,
  and two of his colleagues. One of those colleagues, Elva Poznanski, had settled her case a few months ago.

  Somewhat surprisingly, the IDPR has now accepted a settlement with Braun as well. This settlement prohibits Braun
  from practicing for two years, and then puts him on a minimum five-year probation period that forbids him from
  treating patients having multiple personality disorder. It also includes a $5000 fine and additional medical education.

  When REALL last interviewed the lead prosecutor on this case, Thomas Glasgow, he said that he would only settle with
  Braun if such an agreement included the indefinite suspension of Braun’s license to practice medicine. However,
  Glasgow has since left that position and gone into private practice. Tony Sanders, public information officer for the
  IDPR, said in a telephone interview that they looked at the long-term benefits of settling this case and decided this

The_REALL_News_Vol_7_Num_11_1999.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:48]
  settlement was the way to go. Glasgow, also in a telephone interview, noted that the indefinite suspension would have
  required Braun to apply to get his license back, but otherwise is similar to the settlement that was reached.

  In addition to losing his license for two years, the probationary period of at least five years has other ramifications. First,
  Sanders said that Braun will have to apply after that five years to be removed from probation. To do so, he will have to
  meet the requirements laid out for him, and it is by no means automatic. While on probation, he will be required to give
  a packet of the complaint, his response, and the final order to all prospective employers. He must submit quarterly
  reports to the IDPR, saying where he is practicing, what he is doing, and what he is treating his patients for. He will not
  be allowed to supervise any health professionals, including, for example, nurses. According to Sanders, "In effect, he is
  out of commission in Illinois." Who, after all, would want to hire a doctor who can’t even supervise a nurse?

  Another reason for accepting this settlement was outlined by the IDPR director to the Chicago Tribune, and essentially
  repeated by Sanders. If the IDPR had managed to get Braun’s license revoked indefinitely, Braun would have had the
  option to appeal to the circuit court – which might have allowed Braun to practice for at least three more years while the
  case went through the court system.

  When asked how this would affect his status if he wanted to move to another state, Sanders noted that all states belong
  to a Federation of State Medical Boards, and they are supposed to check for problems in other states whenever a doctor
  applies for a license. If he holds a license to practice already in another state (Sanders didn’t think he did, but was
  unsure), that state will get a copy of the report. Sanders thought it unlikely that Braun would be able to pick up and
  move, especially given his notoriety.

  Glasgow noted that this settlement does what it is supposed to do: it protects the citizens of the State of Illinois. Braun is
  losing his livelihood, and that sends a "very powerful message" that doctors should not be practicing "hocus pocus
  psychiatry." He added that there is not now, nor was there at the time of treatment, any scientific evidence that Braun’s
  methods were accepted. He noted that doctors are supposed to be scientists, and Braun acted in an unacceptable manner.
  In fact, Glasgow said that it is his opinion that Braun "got a kick out of being the leader in the field."

  While this settlement was not specifically approved by the Burgus family ahead of time, they were informed that a
  settlement was in the works. Burgus said, in a telephone interview, that she was satisfied with the outcome. He is 59
  years old now, she noted, and won’t be able to practice without restrictions until he’s at least 66 – retirement age. "He’s
  ruined his own life," she said. This also means neither she nor her family will have to testify in the case, but she said
  that was a small consideration, and they had been fully prepared to do so.

  Burgus said there is also a pending ethics complaint against Braun with the Illinois Psychiatric Society. She testified at
  an ethics hearing this summer on her case.

  While the cases against Braun and Poznanski have now been settled, one IDPR case related to the Burgus family
  remains – that against psychologist Roberta Sachs. Sanders said that her case is scheduled to go to hearing in January of
  next year.

  Interestingly, Braun filed suit against his own insurance company this summer for allegedly settling the previous lawsuit
  against him without his consent. He also has claimed in this case that he only settled with the IDPR for monetary
  reasons – the cost of fighting the case – but claimed he could have proven he was in the right. He did not actually
  acknowledge wrongdoing as part of the settlement; he only admitted "that the Department could produce evidence of the
  facts alleged in the Department’s case." And that is immediately followed by a statement saying, "The Respondent
  could produce evidence refuting the Department’s charges but due to the Respondent’s current plans and circumstances,
  the Respondent is seeking to resolve these matters without protracted litigation."

  In other words, it seems he may have learned nothing and may still believe in the fantastic tales of huge satanic
  conspiracies that he elicited from Burgus and other patients. Burgus thinks he still believes in his conspiracies and his
  methods. Part of it, she thinks, is that he cannot admit to himself how much he hurt her and others; he has to maintain
  his stand to keep his belief system intact. There is something compelling about this description. Has the former patient
  diagnosed the doctor? Bennett Braun will have several years to ponder his beliefs and how they led him to where he is

The_REALL_News_Vol_7_Num_11_1999.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:48]
  now.


The_REALL_News_Vol_7_Num_11_1999.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:48]
