{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T09:17:22Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 57366, "source_ctime_ns": 1790327833017547959, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-05-No-05---1997.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790327833015065337, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-05-No-05---1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "1ab1ec93bf643117e6674072d8ccf1114b56a8c3f77c967ab445ff443fcccf65"}

The REALL News
  Volume 5 Issue 5         May 1997

  The Shamans of Suburbia

  by Richard Petraitis

  A student approached me in the classroom the other day and related to me a bizarre tale of a man who claimed he was
  an actual shaman! As this account went, the man had met the student at a restaurant and proceeded to tell the student
  and his girlfriend that he was an actual shaman who had received his training in India. (India is not exactly a hotbed of
  shamanism. Webster’s dictionary defines a shaman as "a person who acts as intermediary between the natural and
  supernatural worlds, using magic to cure illness, foretell the future, control spiritual forces, etc." Shamanism is Northern
  Asian in origin, where it is still practiced among some of the indigenous people of Siberia.) I requested that my student,
  if he encountered the "shaman" again, inquire how this shaman received his training in the predominantly Hindu and
  Sikh country of India, known for yogis and holy men, not shamans!

  However, going away from my usual attack on those who claim paranormal powers, with questions targeted on how
  these powers defy known scientific laws, I will let American history provide the examples that disprove the claims any
  "modern day" American shamans have to magical powers. History has shown that shamans had no magic powers, even
  when practiced by those who genuinely held those beliefs in our own past — the Native Americans. Please trust me
  when I tell you that the Native Americans had every reason to use their best sorcery against an invading enemy, the
  Europeans. Starting with Columbus, Cortes, and Pizarro, and ending in the last Indian battles for the Americas, like the
  tragic stand at Wounded Knee in the Dakotas, history records that one shaman after another used his best incantations
  and spells to fight the European invaders and to protect his tribe’s warriors, but to no avail. Superior weapons,
  devastating diseases, and a continuing colonial land grab, despite the fierce, desperate fighting by the Native Americans,
  overwhelmed the original people of the Americas. Let’s closely study the specific accounts of shamanism being used to
  fight the European enemy during the Indian Wars, fought over a period of four hundred years. Magic was attempted by
  Native American shamans, unsuccessfully, to stop European invaders of the various Native American nations.

  After the arrival of Christopher Columbus in 1492, European exploration and colonization of the Americas accelerated
  at a rapid pace. The people of the Americas would become forcefully awakened to a newly arisen and aggressive
  culture, that of Western Europe. The Aztec emperor, Montezuma, head of a militaristic empire and a believer in the
  power of sorcerers, had a number of these shamans present in his court. When the Spanish adventurer, Hernando Cortes,
  landed with his small army near present-day Veracruz, Mexico, Montezuma sent his best sorcerers to bewitch the
  consquistadors with powerful spells. The spells didn’t work and the magicians attributed the impotency of their magical
  arts to the conquistadors’ "hardskins," a possible reference to the armor they wore as protection against Aztec weapons.
  Unable to thwart the army of Cortes with magic, the Aztec empire would also be unable to prevent an advance on its
  capital of Tenochitlan. The Spanish arrival at the capitol city of the Aztecs would be the beginning of the end for
  Montezuma and his people. The land of Mexica changed rulers, despite Aztec resistance by physical and magical
  means. As one example, during a siege of the Aztec capital, in 1521, Aztec priests performed ceremonies, including
  human sacrifices, and promised the beleaguered population that Cortes and his Indian allies would be delivered by their
  god of war into Aztec hands in eight days. Unfortunately, the situation failed to change militarily, and the population
  became completely demoralized. They had already been disillusioned when Cortes didn’t turn out to be their returning
  god, Quetzalcoatl!

  Native American shamans, usually men because of the male hierarchy of most Indian tribes, claimed to have the ability
  to foretell the future using divination and vision quests. Despite the numerous shamans and medicine men among the
  five hundred Native American nations prior to 1492, none of these men of magic used their special powers to foresee
  and to prepare their people to repel the future European invasion. The Incan emperor, Atahuallpa, in 1532, was caught
  completely by surprise with the news of white men disembarking from ships on the Peruvian coast. Incan diviners and
  augurs also had no previous clue to the impending invasion, despite their repoire with the spirit world. (However, one
  coastal chieftain, who brought news of the Spaniards’ arrival to Atahuallpa, did give the Incan emperor sage advice to
  silence the Spanish cannon -- pour Incan beer down the barrel to appease the thunder god inside of it.) The coastal


The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_5_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:42]
  Atlantic Native Americans were similarly surprised by the first arrivals of Europeans to their shores, despite the tribal
  shamans and seers in their midst. Why didn’t the Native Americans have any warning regarding their ultimate conquest
  by enemy nations with all the supernatural wonder-working talent on their side? Why no visions of sailing ships coming
  to their shores, laden with military adventurers, colonists, and slavers?

  During the War of 1812, intense fighting raged across North America. Various Indian peoples were in the process of
  losing their ancestral homes, east of the Mississippi River, to the advancing American colonists. In 1811, an Indian
  confederacy was being forged by the Shawnee chief, Tecumseh, to combat the troops of the United States, which was
  then approaching war with England. Tecumseh’s brother, Tenskwatana, "The Prophet," claimed special powers after he
  manipulated knowledge of an eclipse gained from British officers to awe potential allies into joining his brother’s
  confederacy. While Tecumseh was away on a recruitment campaign, "The Prophet" decided to attack an American army
  encamped nearby. Tenskwatana convinced hundreds of Shawnee warriors and their allies that his magic would cause the
  bullets of U.S. soldiers to melt like water. Unfortunately, just like paranormalists of today, Tenskwatana failed to
  deliver. November 6, 1811, spelled disaster for Tecumseh’s plans at the battle of Tippecanoe, and a loss in his prestige
  among the Indian tribes because of his brother’s claim to perform magic. A ferocious assault by Indian warriors was
  beaten back by American volleys of gunfire, and the Indian army at Prophetstown was dispersed before the forces of a
  future president, William Harrison, then the governor of Indiana. Prophetstown was burned to the ground and
  Tecumseh’s dream of a giant Indian confederacy became a casualty of magical thinking. (Tecumseh almost killed his
  brother while enraged over the fiasco.)

  In 1814, a "Tecumseh-inspired" uprising by the Creek Indian nation, the "Red Stick" war, was led by a number of
  "divinely-inspired" prophets who claimed special powers for use against any enemy, especially the white man. After the
  Red Stick destruction of Ft. Mims, three American armies launched a retaliatory invasion of the Creek lands. A Creek
  Indian village, named Red Eagle’s Town, also known as the "Holy Ground," was allegedly protected by these Creek
  prophets. They claimed to have cast an invisible barrier around the village which would destroy any white soldier
  crossing it. On December 23, 1914, American troops stormed the town at bayonet-point, with only one American
  casualty away from the village, forcing the Creek warriors to beat a hasty retreat after suffering much heavier casualties
  of their own. It can be safely said that the credibility of the Creek prophets among their people probably fell a little that
  day. (A similar situation occurred when Zuni priests had attempted to stop the advance of conquistadors during the
  sixteenth century by drawing a line with sacred corn, which was immediately breeched by a Spanish cavalry charge.)
  Yet another defeat for those claiming supernatural powers found in the history books!

  How about another example of shamanic failure in aiding a people caught in a life and death struggle for survival? By
  the late nineteenth century, the tribes of North America had fought a long and losing battle against the encroaching
  settlers of America. The United States had managed to confine the remaining tribes to a number of reservations by the
  use of military force. There would be one more drama of resistance played ou in the West, that of Wounded Knee,
  South Dakota. A Paiute Indian named Wovoka started a religious movement called the Ghost Dance, which anticipated
  a return of lands to the Indians. Many of his followers were Sioux Indians, a once proud Plains people who had resisted
  the white man by successful adoption of horses and firearms.

  Wovoka claimed supernatural powers; he claimed the dead would come back and restore the land to the Indians.
  Wovoka told his followers that they would be protected from the bullets of the United States cavalry by the wearing of
  "Ghost shirts." The movement grew for two years and reached its zenith with an armed confrontation, on December 21,
  1890, at Wounded Knee, South Dakota. The confrontation started over an attempt to disband a large number of Sioux
  Indians, as the U.S. army moved to arrest the leaders of the Ghost Dance movement. While some Sioux warriors were
  surrendering their weapons, a firefight broke out between the two sides. Two Hotchkiss guns, early machine guns, raked
  the Sioux band, leaving nearly three hundred dead men, women, and children. Native American magic had lent, via
  Ghost shirts and magical thinking, a false sense of invincibility. It was a tragic ending to a brave, warrior nation.

  What are we to make of the growing number of people in America who are advocates of a return to shamanistic thinking
  (currently disguised as New Age thinking), which often had tragic consequences for many cultures around the world
  against the aggressive European powers and their technologically advanced armies? From suburban shamans, urban
  witches, and spirit mediums to a belief in the power of crystals, can we in the nation of America be laying the
  foundation for a future tragedy?

The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_5_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:42]
  The claim to perform magic by tapping into a spirit world has failed no only historical tests, but scientific tests also. All
  pseudoscience, magical powers included, vanish before the scientific method and the test of history. So, if anyone every
  walks up to you in a restaurant and claims he or she is a shaman, please ask that person why the Native American
  nations, top-heavy culturally with medicine men and shamans, failed to repel the European invasion of their continent,
  or to save their people from the ravages of new diseases introduced by the Europeans. Only in the twentieth century
  have the Native American populations started to recover their lost numbers, after a rude awakening from their
  supernatural world-view. Let none of us embrace pseudoscience as a pathway to manipulating the physical universe
  around us. History offers countless examples of tragedy linked to such an outlook. Through an ignorance of history, as a
  famous man once stated, you may be doomed to repeat it.

  Richard Petraitis teaches at Riverside Brookfield, Illinois, High School. This summer, he is teaching an enrichment class
  on pseudoscience and the debunking of the paranormal.

  REALLity Check

  by David Bloomberg
  Alternative to Health

  A lot of "alternative medicine" articles have been flying around the media lately. Thankfully, many of these have been
  on the scientific side and have been warning against using unproven and potentially dangerous "dietary supplements"
  (the term used to get around FDA regulations).

  One such supplement, chaparral, has previously been linked to causing liver damage (see "REALLity Check," Vol. 3,
  #2) and the FDA warned some two years ago against taking it. Apparently, this hasn’t stopped some believers in
  alternative medicine, many of whom have little use for anything the FDA recommends. A May 13 Reuters story notes
  that chaparral has been linked to at least 18 cases of liver damage, including 13 cases of liver poisoning, four of which
  developed into cirrhosis of the liver, and two of which required life-saving liver transplants. Chaparral is supposed to
  treat cancer, liver ailments (rather ironic), skin disorders, and other problems; of course, none of this has been proven,
  while its potential to cause liver damage has. Indeed, one of the main active ingredients of chaparral,
  nordihydroguaiaretic acid, has been used as a food preservative until 1968, when the FDA removed it from the
  "generally recognized as safe" list after animal toxicity testing.

  Similarly, Reuters reported earlier (April 11) that researchers noted that Ginkgo bilboa extract, a common "alternative"
  medicine herbal extract, apparently caused bleeding within the eye in at least one patient. The doctors wrote to the New
  England Journal of Medicine about such a case, and also noted that there were previous incidents of Ginkgo bilboa-
  induced bleeding reported in 1987 and 1996. The main problem seems to be that it contains a potent anticlotting agent
  which can encourage bleeding, especially when combined with other blood thinners like aspirin (as the man in this case
  was doing). Of course, being a virtually unregulated "supplement," that warning doesn’t appear (the closest it gets is that
  it is generally marketed as being good for circulation).

  And in an April 10 report, CNN reported that the National Institute on Aging (a division of the National Institutes of
  Health) warned consumers about taking hormones that claim to slow the aging process. Such hormones, like melatonin
  and DHEA, make great promises but none have actually been shown to prevent aging. Indeed, they note that DHEA
  may cause liver damage in high doses and may also be linked to an increased risk for breast and prostate cancers.

  The FDA noted that too many people mistakenly believe that if a product says it is "natural," that means it is safe. I
  think this is one of the ploys that manufacturers of such "supplements" count on to boost sales. Too bad they seem to be
  more intent on counting their money rather than protecting their customers.
  Alternative 2

  And in an unrelated story, UPI reported that mainstream cancer researchers are not exactly thrilled about the large
  number of "alternative" cancer treatments (4/14).


The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_5_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:42]
  During the annual meeting of the American Association of Cancer Research, scientists said that they cannot simply
  embrace "alternatives" that claim they are "safe gifts from Mother Nature." Donald Coffey, the president-elect,
  emphasized the need for double-blind trials to prove the effectiveness of any cancer treatment. "It’s called research, not
  just search. We need to learn, but we can’t do it if it is too hocus-pocus," he said.

  I think that more doctors and scientists need to speak up like this. People need to know that doctors don’t think this
  nonsense works.
  Alternative 3

  The main less-than-skeptical article on alternative medicine that I saw this month was in U.S. News & World Report
  (there was apparently one on some alternative medicine guru in Time, but I missed reading it). Actually, it wasn’t too
  terrible, but it sure could have used a good dose of the information I just relayed above.

  This article on "Nature’s remedies" (5/19) mostly discussed the way herbal "supplements" are labeled. It discusses the
  way such products got exempted from stricter FDA regulations because they knew they couldn’t live up to the same
  standards as real medicine (okay, that’s not what it says, but that’s what they should have said). This is why we see
  "supplements" in the stores with vague statements about what they are supposed to be able to do. Of course, if some of
  these products were put to the same tests required of real drugs, perhaps some of the dangerous side effects I discussed
  above would have been discovered (not to mention whether or not the herbs can actually do what they claim to do).
  Unfortunately, the manufacturers apparently aren’t interested in that type of research.
  Amalgamated Nonsense

  Again in the realm of alternative medicine, Dateline NBC (5/13) did a story that is essentially a corrective to a story
  done by 60 Minutes back in December 1990. In that story, 60 Minutes cited supposed cases in which people with
  multiple sclerosis and other diseases reported having been cured after their dental amalgam had been removed; they
  suggested that the mercury in the fillings could be poisoning the public. That report went a long way towards scaring
  people -- some of whom went to get all of their silver fillings pulled! Unfortunately, the one missing element was
  scientific evidence for the claims.

  Robert Bazell, a Dateline reporter, interviewed one of the main proponents of the mercury poisoning claims Dr. Hal
  Huggins, as well as numerous other dentists, and came firmly down on the side of science. Bazell asked Huggins, "Do
  you think people should have their mercury [amalgams] taken out as a preventative measure?" Huggins responded,
  "Only those people who are interested in their health." Bazell then related the story of Diane Bailey, who went to
  Huggins in 1991 for that "preventative measure." He removed nine fillings and four more treated teeth. She later went to
  a different dentist, Dr. Carol Brown, complaining that her bridges were breaking. Dr. Brown couldn’t find any bridges,
  though, only temporaries, and unwittingly sent her back to Huggins to "complete" what looked like unfinished
  treatment. Bailey ended up back in Brown’s office when Huggins refused to do anything further, and they all ended up
  in court when Bailey sued him for malpractice and won.

  Bazell continued the interview with Huggins, asking if the mercury contained in amalgams could be responsible for
  almost any known disease. Huggins replied that if it had anything to do with the immune system, the answer was yes.
  Bazell said, "It turns out that many major health organizations have investigated this issue. While they continue to
  search for any evidence of a possible hazard, so far they have found none." He then cited a report from the U.S. Public
  Health Service (January 1993) which he said, "concluded that there are no data to compel a change in the current use of
  dental amalgam." So, he asked, "Have there been any studies of a population showing that people who have mercury in
  their mouths have more of any disease than people who don’t?" Huggins replied, "This is not a fair question because
  mercury does not create the same disease in each person." Bazell noted, "It’s a simple, scientific question, though." The
  best Huggins could do was say, "It’s a very clever question, too." When Bazell kept pushing for an answer, Huggins just
  said, "The proof is in the patient."

  Bazell then went on to tell viewers that while Huggins "claims he cured people of a variety of ailments simply by
  removing their fillings," Huggins failed to supply any scientific evidence to support his claims, even when he was in
  front of a Colorado administrative law judge recommending that Huggins’ license to practice be revoked! (It was,
  indeed, revoked.)

The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_5_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:42]
  The Dateline report ended by noting that the "ADA [American Dental Association] says it’s improper and unethical to
  recommend that patients have their fillings taken out solely for the purpose of removing toxic substances from the
  body." They added that if a dentist suggests this, the viewer should "hold on to your wallet and go to another dentist."

  Further information on the Dateline NBC web site linked this type of dental quackery to "holistic dentistry," in which
  dentists may claim to adjust jaw joints, provide "nutrition counseling" and sell dietary supplements, use acupuncture,
  armoatherapy, homeopathy, iridology, etc. They note that all of these areas fall outside proper dentistry, so if a densist
  proposes to treat a medical, but non-dental, condition, you should "write him off." They continue, "If he proposes to do
  so with one of the unscientific methods mentioned above, leave the office at once and never return."

  Dateline has always been one of the most skeptical and scientific of the TV newsmagazines, and it’s good to see that
  trend continuing, especially with such strong language against common "alternative" methods. (We usually don’t see
  any media outlets state outright that homeopathy and related "alternatives" are "unscientific.") This is the type of
  reporting that we need to encourage whenever we see it!
  Facts Be Damned!

  And on the flip side, we have Art Bell and the type of reporting that shouldn’t even exist. Richard Hoagland, a man who
  has gotten a reputation for being on the less-than-skeptical side of life, is at it again with Bell’s help. For those of you
  who don’t know him, he has claimed the "face on Mars" is a genuine alien artifact, as well as pyramids, cities, glass
  domes on the moon, and who knows what else he might see up there. He’s written at least one book on the subject,
  lectures, and stirs up those who believe that UFOs are alien spacecraft. Unfortunately, one thing he tends to miss are the
  facts.

  This was brought into focus by his most recent attacks on NASA (he seems to think they are covering up all sorts of
  things), as reported by the AP in the State Journal-Register (5/17). This time, he’s focused on the Hale-Bopp comet.

  Hoagland was interviewed by Art Bell on his syndicated radio show (some of you may remember Art Bell as being the
  one who first publicized the non-existent "object" following the comet -- the one that the Heaven’s Gate cult killed
  themselves to hop a ride on). There he claimed that NASA was somehow covering up by not using the Hubble
  Telescope to photograph the comet. Here’s where those pesky facts come in. You see, as quoted in a NASA letter sent
  to Art Bell, "Hubble has been used to observe Hale-Bopp a number of times since 1995, and the images have been
  widely available on the Internet, and have been in the news." AP notes that the two NASA Hale-Bopp computer sites
  had 4500 images in mid-April! While not all are from Hubble, that certainly sounds like a strange way to stage a cover-
  up! Not only that, but the chief Hubble scientist noted to Bell that most of the major discoveries about the comet were
  made with non-Hubble telescopes because Hubble’s spectrograph was not yet operational and because the angle of
  viewing put Hubble in danger of being blinded and ruined by the sun.

  Hoagland would have none of that, though. Facts be damned, he said, "A simple set of superb, high-resolution Hale-
  Bopp images from Hubble ... would have been a profound legacy for 20th century science. Instead, we have excuses."
  Hello? Anybody home? Did he even bother to listen to what was said in the letters? Does he understand that there are
  already a large number of such images available? Apparently, the conspiracy angle is more interesting than the facts.

  From the Editor

  In mid-May, I attended the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP) regional
  workshop in Chicago on "Secrets of the Supernatural" with my son Scott (and squeezed in a couple Cubs-Giants games,
  too!) In a future issue or meeting, I plan to tell you about the workshop.

  At that conference, I talked with Richard Petraitis, our lead article writer for this issue on modern-day and historical
  shamans. This summer, he is teaching a summer enrichment class at the Riverside Brookfield High School from a
  skeptical viewpoint. The class is called, "Pseudoscience & the Debunking of the Paranormal with Critical Thinking
  Skills & the Scientific Method."


The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_5_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:42]
  Another class on science and pseudoscience will be taught this fall by Prof. Alex Casella at the University of Illinois
  (UIS) at Springfield. More information about that class is available from UIS and in a future issue of this newsletter.

  It is good to see such support for critical thinking at educational institutions. If you know of any other such classes at
  other schools or universities, please contact us at REALL.

  From the Chairman

  For those of you who missed Michael Shermer’s talk this month, well, what can I say except that you missed a great
  one. Shermer discussed his new book, Why People Believe Weird Things, and talked about his experiences both as the
  director of the Skeptics Society and before. One of the most interesting things he discussed was the transition he made
  from believer to skeptic. It’s probable that most of those reading this newsletter have made similar transitions (for
  example, at the very first REALL meeting, a number of us admitted having believed in Chariots of the Gods when we
  were younger).

  Sometimes people ask me how I became a skeptic, as one person did at Shermer’s talk. I generally have to answer that I
  don’t know exactly when it happened. Yes, I believed the Von Daniken claims about aliens (because I was young and
  hadn’t seen any contrary information, and was naive enough to believe it because it was published in a book), I was
  interested in UFOs, Bigfoot, the Loch Ness Monster, ghosts, and many related topics. But somewhere along the line, I
  stopped just believing the claims that were made without evidence. I wish I could point to a given incident and say,
  "That is what made me a skeptic," but I cannot. All I know is that I started questioning the claims, learning about
  science, and taking critical looks at extraordinary suggestions.

  So I’d like to thank Shermer for coming to Springfield to talk about his book, and for reminding us that we aren’t born
  as skeptics; it’s something we have to grow into.

  We’ve been very lucky as far as getting speakers this year. So far, we’ve had four speakers in five months! That’s the
  best batting average we’ve had since our inception. As I’ve mentioned before, it’s not easy getting knowledgeable
  lecturers in this area, but we’re always trying. In June, however, we’re going to take a breather. The Lincoln Library
  will be having their annual book sale (which, incidentally, is a great place to get non-skeptical books cheap if you want
  to see what "the other side" claims), and they need the room we usually use. But we’ll be meeting again in July (July 1,
  to be exact), though the speaker and topic are still up in the air. One suggestion I’ve heard is to have several REALL
  members each speak for maybe 20 minutes to a half hour on a topic they are familiar with. I already have two people
  lined up to do one meeting, but I need one more (probably for either July or August). If you’re interested, please let me
  know!

  Speaking of REALL members presenting things, this issue features an article written one of our newest members,
  Richard Petraitis. In taking a historical look at claims of shamanism, he has made some very good points and written a
  very interesting article. I don’t know how many of you have encountered people making these sorts of claims about the
  power of shamanism, but I have and I plan to use his article as ammunition in further discussions with those people.

  Next month we’ll also be visiting history in a way, as Martin Kottmeyer takes a stab at solving one of the classic UFO
  sightings. I won’t say anything more right now, so you’ll just have to watch for the June issue.

  Masthead Information

  Electronic Version

  If you like what you see, please help us continue by sending in a subscription. See the end of newsletter for details.
  Purpose

  The Rational Examination Association of Lincoln Land (REALL) is a non-profit educational and scientific organization.
  It is dedicated to the development of rational thinking and the application of the scientific method toward claims of the
  paranormal and fringe-science phenomena.

The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_5_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:42]
  REALL shall conduct research, convene meetings, publish a newsletter, and disseminate information to its members and
  the general public. Its primary geographic region of coverage is central Illinois.

  REALL subscribes to the premise that the scientific method is the most reliable and self-correcting system for obtaining
  knowledge about the world and universe. REALL not not reject paranormal claims on a priori grounds, but rather is
  committed to objective, though critical, inquiry.

  The REALL News is its official newsletter.

  Membership information is provided elsewhere in this newsletter.

  Board of Directors: Chairman, David Bloomberg; Assistant Chairman, Prof. Ron Larkin; Secretary-Treasurer, Kevin
  Brown; Newsletter Editor, Bob Ladendorf; At-Large Members, Prof. Steve Egger, Wally Hartshorn, and Frank Mazo.

  Editorial Board: Bob Ladendorf (Newsletter Editor), David Bloomberg, (one vacancy).

  REALL
  P.O. Box 20302
  Springfield, IL 62708

  Unless stated otherwise, permission is granted to other skeptic organizations to reprint articles from The REALL News
  as long as proper credit is given. REALL also requests that you send copies of your newsletters that reprint our articles
  to the above address.

  The views expressed in these articles are the views of the individual authors and do not necessarily represent the views
  of REALL.
  REALL Contacts

     David Bloomberg, Chairman: chairman@reall.org
     Bob Ladendorf, Editor: editor@reall.org

  A Nod to Our Patrons

  REALL would like to thank our patron members. Through their extra generosity, REALL is able to continue to grow as
  a force for critical thinking in Central Illinois. Patron members are those giving $50 or more. To become a patron of
  REALL, please see the membership form. Patron members are:
  David Bloomberg, Springfield         Wally Hartshorn, Springfield
  David Brown, Danville William T. Kabisch, Springfield
  Alan Burge, D.D.S., Morton Bob Ladendorf, Springfield
  William Day, Springfield         John Lockard, Jr., Urbana
  David Gehrig, Springfield        Edward Staehlin, Park Forest
  Charles Hanson, Springfield


The_REALL_News_Vol_5_Num_5_1997.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:42]
