{"created_utc": "2026-09-26T03:38:14Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29721, "source_ctime_ns": 1790393882123708844, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-01-No-02---1993.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790393882121922306, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-01-No-02---1993.pdf", "source_sha256": "f2f42999c3c7a53d6a0ab6fd03dd03296ab10b37f82fa27daea63678b74fd91f"}

The REALL News*

  "It's a very dangerous thing to believe in nonsense." -- James Randi
  Volume 1 Issue 2 March 1993
  Proper Criticism

  by Ray Hyman

  Since the founding of CSICOP in 1976, and with the growing number of localized skeptical groups, the skeptic finds
  more ways to state his or her case. The broadcast and print media, along with other forums, provide more opportunities
  for us to be heard. For some of these occasions, we have the luxury of carefully planning and crafting our response, but
  most of the time we have to formulate our response on the spot. Regardless of the circumstance, the critic's task, if it is
  to be carried out properly, is both challenging and loaded with unanticipated hazards.

  Many well-intentioned critics have jumped into the fray without carefully thinking through the various implications of
  their statements. They have sometimes displayed more emotion than logic, made sweeping charges beyond what they
  reasonably support, failed to adequately document their assertions, and, in general, have failed to do the homework
  necessary to make their challenges credible.

  Proper Criticism

  by Ray Hyman

  Since the founding of CSICOP in 1976, and with the growing number of localized skeptical groups, the skeptic finds
  more ways to state his or her case. The broadcast and print media, along with other forums, provide more opportunities
  for us to be heard. For some of these occasions, we have the luxury of carefully planning and crafting our response, but
  most of the time we have to formulate our response on the spot. Regardless of the circumstance, the critic's task, if it is
  to be carried out properly, is both challenging and loaded with unanticipated hazards.

  Many well-intentioned critics have jumped into the fray without carefully thinking through the various implications of
  their statements. They have sometimes displayed more emotion than logic, made sweeping charges beyond what they
  reasonably support, failed to adequately document their assertions, and, in general, have failed to do the homework
  necessary to make their challenges credible.

  Such ill-considered criticism can be counter-productive for the cause of serious skepticism. The author of such criticism
  may fail to achieve the desired effect, may lose credibility, and may even become vulnerable to lawsuits. However, the
  unfavorable effects have consequences beyond the individual critic, and the entire cause of skepticism suffers as a
  result. Even when the individual critic takes pains to assert that he or she is expressing his or her own personal opinion,
  the public associates the assertions with all critics.

  During CSICOP's first decade of existence, members of the Executive Council often found themselves devoting most of
  their available time to damage control -- precipitated by the careless remarks of a fellow skeptic -- instead of toward the
  common cause of explaining the skeptical agenda.

  Unfortunately, at this time, there are no courses on the proper way to criticize paranormal claims. So far as I know, no
  manuals or books of rules are currently available to guide us. Until such courses and guide books come into being, what
  can we do to ensure that our criticisms are both effective and responsible?

  I would be irresponsible if I told you I had an easy solution. The problem is complicated, and there are no quick fixes,
  but I do believe we all could improve our contributions to responsible criticism by keeping a few principles always in
  mind.

  We can make enormous improvements in our collective and individual efforts by simply trying to adhere to those


The_REALL_News_Vol_1_Num_2_1993.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:24]
  standards that we profess to admire and that we believe that many peddlers of the paranormal violate. If we envision
  ourselves as the champions of rationality, science, and objectivity, then we ought to display these very same qualities in
  our criticism. Just by trying to speak and write in the spirit of precision, science, logic, and rationality - those attributes
  we supposedly admire - we would raise the quality of our critiques by at least one order of magnitude.

  The failure to consistently live up to these standards exposes us to a number of hazards. We can find ourselves going
  beyond the facts at hand. We may fail to communicate exactly what we intended. We can confuse the public as to what
  skeptics are trying to achieve. We can unwittingly put paranormal proponents in the position of underdogs and create
  sympathy for them, and, as I already mentioned, we can make the task much more difficult for the other skeptics.

  What, then, can skeptics do to upgrade the quality of their criticism? What follows are just a few suggestions. I hope
  they will stimulate further thought and discussion.

    Be prepared. Good criticism is a skill that requires practice, work, and level-headedness. Your response to a sudden
  challenge is much more likely to be appropriate if you have already anticipated similar challenges. Try to prepare in
  advance effective and short answers to those questions you are most likely to be asked. Be ready to answer why
  skeptical activity is important, why people should listen to your views, why false beliefs can be harmful, and many
  similar questions that invariably are raised. A useful project would be to compile a list of the most frequently occurring
  questions along with possible answers.

    Whenever possible, try your ideas out on friends and "enemies" before offering them in the public arena. An effective
  exercise is to rehearse your arguments with fellow skeptics. Some of you can take the role of the psychic claimants,
  while others play the role of critics. Also, for more general preparation, read books on critical thinking, effective
  writing, and argumentation.

     Clarify your objectives. Before you try to cope with a paranormal claim, ask yourself what you are trying to
  accomplish. Are you trying to release pent-up resentment? Are you trying to belittle your opponent? Are you trying to
  gain publicity for your viewpoint? Do you want to demonstrate that the claim lacks reasonable justification? Do you
  hope to educate the public about what constitutes adequate evidence? Often our objectives, upon examination, turn out
  to be mixed. Also, especially when we act impulsively, some of our objectives conflict with one another.

    The difference between short-term and long-term objectives can be especially important. Most skeptics, I believe,
  would agree that our long-term goal is to educate the public so that it can more effectively cope with various claims.
  Sometimes this long-range goal is sacrificed because of the desire to expose or debunk a current claim.

     Part of clarifying our objectives is to decide who our audience is. Hard-nosed, strident attacks on paranormal claims
  rarely change opinions, but they do stroke the egos of those who are already skeptics. Arguments that may persuade the
  readers of the National Enquirer may offend academics and important opinion-makers.

     Try to make it clear that you are attacking the claim and not the claimant. Avoid, at all costs, creating the impression
  that you are trying to interfere with someone's civil liberties. Do not try to get someone fired from his or her job. Do not
  try to have courses dropped or otherwise be put in the position of advocating censorship. Being for rationality and
  reason should not force us into the position of seeming to be against academic freedom and civil liberties.

     Do your homework. Again, this goes hand in hand with the advice about being prepared. Whenever possible, you
  should not try to counter a specific paranormal claim without getting as many of the relevant facts as possible. Along the
  way, you should carefully document your sources. Do not depend upon a report in the media either for what is being
  claimed or for facts relevant to that claim. Try to get the specifics of the claim directly from the claimant.

    Do not go beyond your level of competence. No one, especially in our times, can credibly claim to be an expert in all
  subjects. Whenever possible, you should consult appropriate experts. We, understandably, are highly critical of
  paranormal claimants who make assertions that are obviously beyond their competence. We should be just as
  demanding on ourselves. A critic's worst sin is to go beyond the facts and the available evidence.


The_REALL_News_Vol_1_Num_2_1993.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:24]
     In this regard, always ask yourself if you really have something to say. Sometimes it is better to remain silent than to
  jump into an argument that involves aspects that are beyond your present competence. When it is appropriate, do not be
  afraid to say "I don't know."

     Let the facts speak for themselves. If you have done your homework and have collected an adequate supply of facts,
  the audience rarely will need your help in reaching an appropriate conclusion. Indeed, your case is made stronger if the
  audience is allowed to draw its own conclusions from the facts. Say that Madame X claims to have psychically located
  Mrs. A's missing daughter and you have obtained a statement from the police to the effect that her contributions did not
  help. Under these circumstances, it can be counter-productive to assert that Madame X lied about her contribution, or
  that her claim was "fraudulent." For one thing, Madame X may sincerely, if mistakenly, believe that her contributions
  did in fact help. In addition, some listeners may be offended by the tone of your criticism and become sympathetic to
  Madame X. However, if you simply report what Madame X claimed, along with the response of the police, you not only
  are sticking to the facts, but your list eners will more likely come to the appropriate conclusion.

     Be precise. Good criticism requires precision and care in the use of language. Because, in challenging psychic claims,
  we are appealing to objectivity and fairness, we have a special obligation to be as honest and accurate in our own
  statements as possible. We should take special pains to avoid making assertions about paranormal claims that cannot be
  backed up with hard evidence. We should be especially careful, in this regard, when being interviewed by the media.
  Every effort should be made to ensure that the media understand precisely what we are and are not saying.

    Use the principle of charity. I know that many of my fellow critics will find this principle to be unpalatable. To some,
  paranormalists are the "enemy," and it seems inconsistent to lean over backward to give them the benefit of the doubt,
  but being charitable to paranormal claims is simply the other side of being honest and fair. The principle of charity
  implies that, whenever there is doubt or ambiguity about a paranormal claim, we should try to resolve the ambiguity in
  favor of the claimant until we acquire strong reasons for not doing so. In this respect, we should carefully distinguish
  between being wrong and being dishonest. We often challenge the accuracy or the validity of a given paranormal claim,
  but rarely are we in a position to know if the claimant is deliberately lying or is self-deceived. Furthermore, we often
  have a choice in how to interpret or represent an opponent's arguments. The principle tells us to convey the opponent's
  position in a fa ir, objective, and non-emotional manner.

    Avoid loaded words and sensationalism. All these principles are interrelated. The ones previously stated imply that
  we should avoid using loaded and prejudicial words in our criticisms. We should also try to avoid sensationalism. If the
  proponents happen to resort to emotionally laden terms and sensationalism, we should avoid stooping to their level. We
  should not respond in kind.

     This is not a matter of simply turning the other cheek. We want to gain credibility for our cause. In the short run,
  emotional charges and sensationalistic challenges might garner quick publicity, but most of us see our mission as a long-
  term effort. We would like to persuade the media and the public that we have a serious and important message to get
  across, and we would like to earn their trust as a credible and reliable resource. Such a task requires always keeping in
  mind the scientific principles and standards of rationality and integrity that we would like to make universal.

  (Ray Hyman is a Fellow and member of the Executive Council of CSISCOP, and professor of psychology at the
  University of Oregon. This article first appeared in Skeptical Briefs, May, 1987.)


The_REALL_News_Vol_1_Num_2_1993.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:24]
