{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T16:03:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 171450, "source_ctime_ns": 1790270885426467278, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-05-No-06---1997.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790270884100368483, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-05-No-06---1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "eb082f9bb21a53086a9523c871a6bf0088d9f94a3c2cf98b70b73d7f83435e9b"}

The REALL News
Volume 5 Issue 6                                                                       June 1997

                                      In This Issue
                              Resolving Arnold
                                            Part 1
                                        by Martin Kottmeyer
The 50th anniversary of the flying saucer phenomenon is upon us, and thoughts time-warp back
to the case that started it all, Kenneth Arnold's sighting of nine objects speeding by Mount
Rainier on a sunny June afternoon. At the time it was a sensation which made the front page of
newspapers across the nation. Faster than any airplane of the era, Arnold's objects were a puzzle
that eluded quick solution. The pilots of such craft would have claimed victory in the race to
break the sound barrier, but none ever came forward. Officials in the American military denied it
was anything of ours. Russian spokesmen denied they had anything to do with it. Reports of
flying saucers multiplied in the wake of the mystery surrounding Arnold's objects and never
entirely stopped.

For those readers who don’t know the Arnold story, here’s how it first appeared from the
Associated Press:
PENDELTON, Ore., June 25 (AP) -- Nine bright saucer-like objects flying at "incredible speed"
at 10,000 feet altitude were reported here today by Kenneth Arnold, a Boise, Idaho, pilot who
said he could not hazard a guess as to what they were.
Arnold, a United States Forest Service employee engaged in searching for a missing plane, said
he sighted the mysterious objects yesterday at 3 P.M. They were flying between Mount Rainier
and Mount Adams, in Washington state, he said, and appeared to weave in and out of formation.
Arnold said he clocked and estimated their speed at 1,200 miles an hour.

As Martin Kottmeyer has related to us in an earlier article ("The Saucer Error," May, 1993, V.
1, #4), the news release actually got it wrong; the objects were not saucer-shaped, but rather
Arnold had said the objects "flew erratic, like a saucer if you skip it across the water." He said
the objects "were not circular," but the reporter apparently misunderstood and thus arose the
term, "flying saucer."
Unusual aerial phenomena, all well acknowledge, long pre-date the Arnold case, but his report
set fire to a controversy which made it a benchmark in the history of the subject. Whether it
should be called a classic or a significant case is a thorny issue dependent mainly on one's
perspective. In terms of cultural influence, no case could be more important. In terms of weight
of evidence for an extraordinary phenomenon requiring the belief of extraterrestrials or some
new set of scientific concepts, the Arnold case sinks below a landscape of multiple-witness
cases, physical traces, and photographically documented UFOs. In its initial presentation, the
Arnold case was a single witness case with no corroboration. The pilot of a DC-4 that was
twenty miles away reported nothing unusual could be seen.1 Jacques Vallee termed it "by no
means one of the best reports."2 In a 1965 survey asking UFO groups for the most significant
cases, neither APRO or NICAP listed the Arnold sighting.
Even so, the credibility of that single witness seemed good. Arnold was an experienced pilot.
Skeptical journalists were readily convinced of his honesty.3 The report he offered doesn't have
the taste of a tall tale in the sense that it is devoid of supernatural trappings. .
The speed of the objects isn't merely stretching current aviation wonders; it is bizarrely over
double what the fastest planes were doing at the time. It is also pointlessly over-complicated,
most particularly in the details concerning erratic motions by the objects and an echelon
formation that was backward from that practiced by the Air Force. It is almost as if he is going
out of his way to be disbelieved when he has nine objects going at these record speeds. Why not
simply report a single snazzy-looking jet on a bullet-straight trajectory rushing past the nose of
his plane? That alone would have been enough to grab attention if publicity was the intent.
While there are no grounds to question his sincerity, some ufologists express reservations about
the psychology of the man. His unorthodox speculations about UFOs being space animals with
the ability to change their density have bothered Frank Salisbury and Ronald Story. 4 The
relevance of this belief to the 1947 sighting has never been articulated however. Others have
branded Arnold a "repeater" because of several other UFO sightings he has reported seeing in
subsequent years. Particularly notable is a 1952 report of two living transparent UFOs that
Arnold felt was aware of him.5 This sounds suggestive of a delusion of observation and the
possible presence of paranoia. A 1981 interview reinforces this supposition with Arnold
expressing beliefs about J. Allen Hynek secretly still being in league with the Air Force and the
government being fearful that the idea of UFOs would cause their destruction.6 It is reasonably
probable that this paranoid cast of thought was rooted in a knee injury which thwarted Olympic
ambitions and blew apart plans he had to use his athletic talent to forward his college education. 7
It is a common syndrome that has been termed "the athlete's neurosis."8 Such an incident could
inculcate a habit of emotionally-generated misinterpretation.
On the positive side of the ledger, paranoia is frequently associated with enhanced perception
and could be regarded as grounds for trusting the basic validity of the experience. 9 We may
accept he saw something and reported it accurately, but his interpretation of it and the choice of
which details are important might be skewed. What he was looking at may not be identical to
what he saw. Arnold's initial belief that the objects were secret experimental aircraft is bizarre on
the face of it. Besides the impossible speed for the era, you would not expect an experimental
craft to be flown in a group of nine and for all of them to display erratic motion. You would
expect one craft with perhaps a conventional plane tagging along to keep an eye on it. If it was
aiming for new speeds, the introduction of erratic fluttering motions sounds suicidal. It also
makes little sense to test a craft near Mount Rainier, a tourist spot and major landmark, if you
want it to remain a secret.
The issue of what Arnold was actually looking at has spawned a sizable literature and invites the
comment that Arnold's must be the most solved case in ufology. Regrettably, I am not saying it
is the case with the most loose ends snipped clean, but that more solutions have been offered for
the Arnold case than any other.
ATIC, Blue Book, William K. Hartmann (a co-author of the Condon report) and Ian Ridpath
argued Arnold was looking at a group of conventional aircraft that was closer than Arnold
thought and possibly seen through a mirage layer to account for the skipping motion that Arnold
reported.10 The problems with this idea include the fact that the DC-4 pilot didn't notice this
group of planes, the fact that none of the pilots came forward to clear things up on learning of the
ruckus they caused, the unconventional" formation, and the absence of visible tails.
Donald Menzel suggested the objects were billowing blasts of snow ballooning off mountain
ridges.11 Captain Ruppelt of Blue Book rejected this as impossible because you just don't get
powder snow low in the mountains in June.12
Martin Gardner has twice suggested the objects were balloons.13 This ignores the flat side profile
drawn by Arnold. Arnold reported the air was very smooth traveling that day, which seems
inconsistent with the undulatory motions he described.
Richard J. Reed suggested orographic clouds.14 Since these tend to stay motionless, the large a
angular distance traveled by the objects is hard to account for. So, too, the angular velocity
cannot be explained. These objections also apply to notions involving wave clouds and detached
mountain top mirages.15
Menzel tried again in his last book with the idea that Arnold might have been tricked by water
droplets on the airplane window.16 This overlooks the fact that Arnold explicitly states he rolled
down the window to get a better look at the objects.17
Otto Billig proposes that Arnold was suffering a regression suggestive of reduced personality
cause the undulations of the objects indicate the surfacing of serpent imagery like that common
to religions.18 Such an analysis is contradicted by Billig's own mythography which says
undulations signify benevolence. Arnold explicitly felt the objects to be a threat, a bother, and
disturbing.
Paul Devereux proposed Arnold saw earth lights.19 This would mean the objects would be
emitting light. This is inconsistent with Arnold's description of the objects as forming a "black-
thin line" when silhouetted against snowy mountain ridges. He also indicated that he saw the sun
reflected off the objects from time to time. It is also difficult to imagine how earthlights could
maintain an unconventional formation for over a minute without scattering or merging due to
electrical charges.
Stuart Campbell has proposed an exotic scheme involving mirages of distant mountains. Easily
the funniest detail is the necessity for Arnold to confuse Mount Rainier and Mount Adams with
Pinnacle Peak and Lookout of the Tatoosh Range even knowing they are roughly half as big.20
Extraterrestrials begin to look pretty good at this point. They at least could potentially account
for the exotic speed which otherwise seems impossible for the era. The undulations which
Arnold warned would have killed a human pilot might be acceptable to an alien biology. Gerald
Heard, for example, proposed the notion of some super-bee evolved in the hostile environment
of Mars.21 One might question if insect physiology truly would be more resilient in high gee
maneuvers, but the more attractive point could be that insects might be psychologically pre-
disposed to fly in erratic ways and this could undermine presumptions that no intelligent being
would fly in such a bizarre fashion. One could perhaps even point out that, though it took close
to two decades before close encounters with them began showing up, some people have reported
insectoid beings in UFOs.22 A preference for traveling in groups could also be attributable to bug
psychology, albeit the echelon formation seems problematic. Is this, then, a good resolution to
the paradoxes of the Arnold report?
                                            Notes
   1. "Pilot Says He Saw Big 'Saucers' Fly Over West Coast — Officials Skeptical of Report
       of 1200 Mile-an-hour Object," St. Louis Post Dispatch, June 26, 1947.
   2. Vallee, Jacques & Janine, Challenge to Science, Ace Star, 1966, p. 251.
   3. Spencer, John & Evans, Hilary, Phenomenon, Avon, 1988 pp. 26-45.
   4. Salisbury, Frank, The Utah UFO Display, Devin-Adair, 1974, p. 218. Story, Ronand D.,
       UFOs and the Limits of Science, William Morrow, 1981, pp. 48-56.
   5. Oberg, James, "Repeaters," Omni, August 1980, p. 32.
       Hansen, Kim, "UFO Casebook" in Evans, Hilary & Spencer, John, UFOs: 1947-1987.
       Fortean Times, 1987.
   6. Long, Greg, "Kenneth Arnold Revisited," MUFON UFO Journal, #230, June 1987, pp.
       3-7.
   7. Kottmeyer, Martin S. "Ufology Considered as an Evolving System of Paranoia," in
       Stillings, Dennis, Cyberbiological Studies of the Imaginal Component in the UFO
       Contact Experience, Archaeus, 1989, pp. 51-60.
   8. Little, J. Crawford, "The Athlete's Neurosis - A Deprivation Crisis," Acta Psychiat.
       Scand., 45, (1969) pp. 187-97.
   9. Fried, Yehuda & Agassi, Joseph, Paranoia: A Study in Diagnosis, D. Reidel, 1976, pp. 4-
       5.
   10. Ruppelt, Edward, Report on UFOs, Doubleday, 1956, p. 17.
       Hartmann, William K., "Historical Perspectives: Photos of UFOs" in Sagan, Carl & Page
       Thornton, UFOs: A Scientific Debate, Cornell, 1972, p. 15.
       Ridpath, Ian, Messages from the Stars, Harper & Row, 1978, p. 218.
   11. Maccabee, Bruce S. "Still in Default" MUFON 1986 UFO Symposium Proceedings, pp.
       131-60.
   12. Ruppelt, op. cit. p. 19.
   13. Gardner, Martin, Fads and Fallacies: In the Name of Science, Dover, 1957, p. 58.
       Gardner, Martin, The New Age: Notes of a Fringe Watcher, Prometheus, 1988 p. 209.
   14. Reed, Richard J., "Flying Saucers over Mount Rainier,"Weatherwise, April 1958, pp. 43-
       5, 65-6.
   15. Maccabee, ibid.
   16. Menzel, Donald & Taves, Ernest, The UFO Enigma, Doubleday, 1977, pp. 5-6.
   17. Maccabee, op. cit. p. 141.
   18. Billig, Otto, Flying Saucers: Magic in the Skies, Schenkman, 1982, pp. 128-31.
   19. Devereux, Paul & McCarthy, Paul & Robins, Don, "Bringing UFOs Down to Earth,"
       New Scientist, September 1, 1983, p. 629.
   20. Kottmeyer, Martin, "Mirage Sale," MUFON UFO Journal, #327 July 1995, pp. 16-18.
   21. Heard, Gerard, Is Another World Watching? Bantam, 1953, ch. 11 & 12.
   22. Kottmeyer, Martin, "Space Bug a Boo Boo," Talking Pictures, #15, September 1996, pp.
       10-14.

    Praise the Lord and Pass the Skepticism!
             A Report on a Center for Inquiry Workshop
                                        by Bob Ladendorf
With some 80 skeptics and interested individuals filling the partitioned room at the Ramada
Plaza Hotel near Chicago's O'Hare airport, Tom Flynn, director of the Center for Inquiry-
International in Amherst, New York, set the tone for two-day workshop by decrying the
"paranormal hucksterism" and "cultural contagion" prevalent today, particularly in UFO
followings such as the "Heaven's Gate" sect's suicide.
Sponsored by the Center for Inquiry, the workshop, "Secrets of the Supernatural," in mid-May
featured extensive sessions by Joe Nickell, author and Senior Research Fellow of the Committee
for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP); a media panel headed by
WGN radio personality Milt Rosenberg; a talk by Andrew Skolnick, news editor of the Journal
of the American Medical Association; and a brief lecture by Walter McCrone, who performed the
lab work on the Shroud of Turin proving that the "blood" on it was actually tempera paint made
up of red ocher and vermilion.
The workshop touched on the surreal at times when members of the Baptist women's
organization meeting on the other side of the partition started singing and chanting occasionally.
At one point, the singing was so loud that Skolnick fought back by shouting out his slide show
talk so that they could hear him!
Throughout the workshop, participants were shown dozens of slides illustrating the
investigations conducted and discussed by Nickell, who wrestled with an allergy. He began his
talk with his "cut" rope trick that he had recently performed on Bill Maher's "Politically
Incorrect" show, putting everybody at ease as they sipped coffee.
Nickell mentioned a current investigation of a haunted lodge, then returned to his first major
investigation of the MacKenzie House in Toronto. He solved the mysterious sounds heard in it
by pointing out that a publishing firm only a few feet away from the house had a creaky staircase
that could be heard in the MacKenzie House. One theme that Nickell hit on was that of fantasy-
prone individuals, who have been found to more readily believe in paranormal and
pseudoscientific matters than those who are much less so.
Following his comments on photo fakery, Nickell discussed the classic "Two Will Wests" case
of mistaken identity (actually they were probably identical twins) in 1903, which helped to spur
the use of fingerprinting. In the midst of his presentation, the Baptist women began chanting
"Praise the Lord!" followed by singing, clapping and stomping ("If you want to [unintelligible] ,
clap your hands, clap your hands!")
After the West case, he talked about spontaneous human combustion, effectively stating
alternative explanations for it involving the melting of body fat triggered by smoking and
alcohol, as well as one that probably started after the woman knocked herself out on an oven
door. His detailed analyses of the circumstances surrounded the burnings were convincing. A
brief review of the Peruvian Nazca lines and his involvement in physically making lines there
with string again provided rational alternatives to supernatural explanations.
Lunch followed, along with a fund-raising appeal that netted more than $15,000 for the Center's
activities by the end of the workshop.
On Sunday, Nickell continued with a description of his "Weeping Icon Kit," consisting of items
such as capillary tubes and lab paper (nearby Schiller Park featured a house with a window
supposedly showing the Virgin Mary just a few days before the workshop); discussion of the
famous Polaroid "ghost" photos that were hoaxes; and an explanation for the "crystal tears,"
which Nickell duplicated by putting Herkimer diamonds under his eyelid (see his article on that
in the May-June issue of the Skeptical Inquirer).
On the day before, Nickell, Flynn, Skolnick and Rosenberg formed a panel to discuss the
responsibility of the media. The panel members each talked at length on different topics, such as
the deceptive photo from a Los Angeles newspaper indicating in a caption that gang members
shown with guns were frightening the community when, in reality, they were turning in their
guns for money!
In his talk on mystical medical claims, Skolnick examined the circumstances surrounding his
encounter with Wayne Jonas of the controversial federal Office of Alternative Medicine when he
was told to sit down after asking a probing question at a press conference. Skolnick also
reviewed a number of cases of medical fraud.
Perhaps Milt Rosenberg's wry advice in answer to the last question asked of the media panelists
Saturday summarized the aim of the workshop: "Go thou and commit more skepticism!"


                           From the Chairman
       ALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT
Hopefully, I’ve gotten your attention now. As you may have heard in the news, the State of
Illinois is proposing new educational standards, including science standards. What you probably
have not heard is that pressure from certain groups has been such that "evolution" appears
nowhere in these standards!
The full story is a rather long one, but I'll summarize here. The initial draft that went out for
public comment a few months ago had no mention of "evolution" in them. Public comments
overwhelmingly said to put it in. The comment review committee did so. Then the state
superintendent appointed an "external review team" to go over some parts of the standards. They
decided to strike the word "evolution" again and make any reference to it rather metaphorical.
Many of the elements of evolution education are included, but they are worded in such vague
language that a teacher would be hard-pressed to know exactly what s/he is supposed to teach!
Malcolm Levin, Ron Larkin, and I attended the State Board of Education meeting on the 18th of
this month, where the newest version of the standards was presented to the Board. Ron and I
gave public comments to the Board at the end of the meeting (we were the only people to do so)
and emphasized the importance of teaching evolution and not bowing to pressure from anti-
evolution groups. Those presenting the standards to the Board several times emphasized that
they wanted the standards to be clear. We pointed out that using wishy-washy language in
describing what to teach in this case was just the opposite of that stated goal.
The Board is taking a second round of comments on the standards for the next 3 weeks (by the
time you get this newsletter). You may get a copy of the proposed standards by calling the Board
at 217-782-4321 or by downloading them from their Internet web page (www.isbe.state.il.us). If
you want to send in comments, you may send them to:
Illinois State Board of Education
Attention: Lynn Haeffle
100 North First Street
Springfield, IL 62777
One area they felt was underrepresented was parental comments, so if you are a parent, make
sure you let them know! If you want to contact me for more information, please feel free to do
so, either by phone or e-mail (both are on page 2). If you do send in comments, I would
appreciate it if you also send a copy to us here, just so we can keep a file of information that we
know was sent to the Board. (Please remember, however, that I am the only one who can
actually speak for REALL.)
I’d like to extend my gratitude to Ron Larkin and Malcolm Levin for coming to the Board
meeting and helping out on such short notice (Ron had half a day’s notice, Malcolm had a few
hours).
                                      Meeting News
On another note, we'll be having a speaker at our next meeting, which will be Tuesday, July 1, 7
p.m. at the Lincoln Library. As the second in our series of media presentations, Jeff Ignatius,
staff writer for the Illinois Times, will be speaking to us on "The Right to Be Wrong: The
Media's Responsibility to the Marketplace of Ideas." He will be defending the media's
reporting of "alternative" viewpoints, even when they might be wrong. As some examples we are
familiar with, he will discuss the Illinois Times article that claimed HIV doesn't cause AIDS,
articles on homeopathy and alternative medicine in general, etc. His viewpoint is that the media
has a responsibility to report such ideas in the interest of the vital marketplace of ideas. We often
complain about the way the media covers such topics, so now is our chance to hear their side of
the story and ask the tough questions we’ve been wanting to ask. I hope to see a large turnout for
this meeting, as I think it’s a very important one!


                                From the Editor
With the 50th anniversary of the Roswell incident and Heaven's Gate sect's suicide dominating
the paranormal news in the past few months, it’s shaping up to be the Year of the UFO. With
another potential Hollywood UFO blockbuster on the horizon -- Men in Black -- the unending
UFO reports are likely to continue.
Our lead article this month -- you guessed it -- is about UFOs. This one by frequent REALL News
contributor Martin Kottmeyer reviews the original sighting of UFOs by Kenneth Arnold and
presents alternative explanations in this Part 1 of a two-part article.
This issue also features a brief report by me on a Center for Inquiry workshop in Chicago. If
you've never attended a regional or national skeptics meeting, you might consider it in the future.
It's a wonderful time to learn about many critical issues from experts in their fields and to share
ideas and concerns with fellow skeptics. My report will only give you an inkling of the
information that can arm you in questioning and analyzing claims of the paranormal and
pseudoscience.

                       In Case You Missed It ...
                                      by Bob Ladendorf
Recent news and sources of interest, with brief summaries and a rating of the content:
1 = Pro-skeptical; 2 = Leaning skeptical; 3 = Neutral, presenting sides equally; 4 = Leaning
paranormal or pseudoscience; 5 = Pro-paranormal or pseudoscience.
       "The New Creationism: Biology Under Attack." Barbara Ehrenreich and Janet
       McIntosh. The Nation, June 9, 1997, pp. 11-16. Slams the academic left for "secular
       creationism," which denies that "...any biologically based commonalities cut across
       cultural differences." Selected quote: "The new creationism is not simply a case of well-
       intended politics gone awry; it represents a grave misunderstanding of biology and
       science." Rating: 2
       "More are seeking treatment for sexual addiction." Karen Thomas. USA Today, May
       14, 1997, p. 5D. Basically a printed infomercial for the Sierra Tucson treatment center for
       sexual addiction. Sole source for information in the main article and two sidebar articles
       is Carol Ross, "senior sexual recovery therapist" at the center. No scientific basis is given
       for the treatment of "sexual addiction." Cost for treatment is $600-$700 a day. Selected
       quote: "One of the fastest growing populations seeking treatment: doctors, nurses and
       clergy; professions with governing boards. 'They come to us saying, "Help me, I’m about
       to lose my job,"' Ross says." (Editor's Note: Remember that Seinfeld episode about the
       lusting dentist and assistant? You better watch out!) Rating: 5
       "To bee or not to bee? : Many doctors warn against apitherapy, but some pain
       victims swear by it." Holly Ramer (AP). (Springfield, Illinois) State Journal-Register,
       June 9. 1997, p. 15. Bee sting therapy cures all sorts of ailments, advocates have claimed.
       One woman gets about 100 stings a week for her multiple sclerosis. Selected quote:
       "Such stories trouble Patricia O’Looney, director of research and medical programs at the
       National Multiple Sclerosis Society, which is funding a study that involves injecting
       laboratory animals with purified bee venom.
       "The difficulty with any of these reports is that they're anecdotal,' O'Looney says. "The
       individuals or physicians who claim there's a benefit haven't followed up with the proper
       scientific studies." Rating: 3


                         Masthead Information
Electronic Version
If you like what you see, please help us continue by sending in a subscription. See the end of
newsletter for details.
Purpose
The Rational Examination Association of Lincoln Land (REALL) is a non-profit educational and
scientific organization. It is dedicated to the development of rational thinking and the application
of the scientific method toward claims of the paranormal and fringe-science phenomena.
REALL shall conduct research, convene meetings, publish a newsletter, and disseminate
information to its members and the general public. Its primary geographic region of coverage is
central Illinois.
REALL subscribes to the premise that the scientific method is the most reliable and self-
correcting system for obtaining knowledge about the world and universe. REALL not not reject
paranormal claims on a priori grounds, but rather is committed to objective, though critical,
inquiry.
The REALL News is its official newsletter.
Membership information is provided elsewhere in this newsletter.
Board of Directors: Chairman, David Bloomberg; Assistant Chairman, Prof. Ron Larkin;
Secretary-Treasurer, Kevin Brown; Newsletter Editor, Bob Ladendorf; At-Large Members, Prof.
Steve Egger, Wally Hartshorn, and Frank Mazo.
Editorial Board: Bob Ladendorf (Newsletter Editor), David Bloomberg, (one vacancy).
REALL
P.O. Box 20302
Springfield, IL 62708
Unless stated otherwise, permission is granted to other skeptic organizations to reprint articles
from The REALL News as long as proper credit is given. REALL also requests that you send
copies of your newsletters that reprint our articles to the above address.
The views expressed in these articles are the views of the individual authors and do not
necessarily represent the views of REALL.

REALL Contacts
       David Bloomberg, Chairman: chairman@reall.org
       Bob Ladendorf, Editor: editor@reall.org

                               A Nod to Our Patrons
REALL would like to thank our patron members. Through their extra generosity, REALL is able
to continue to grow as a force for critical thinking in Central Illinois. Patron members are those
giving $50 or more. To become a patron of REALL, please see the membership form. Patron
members are:
                 David Bloomberg, Springfield Wally Hartshorn, Springfield
                David Brown, Danville           William T. Kabisch, Springfield
                Alan Burge, D.D.S., Morton      Bob Ladendorf, Springfield
                William Day, Springfield        John Lockard, Jr., Urbana
                David Gehrig, Springfield       Edward Staehlin, Park Forest
                Charles Hanson, Springfield
