{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T06:41:59Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 55542, "source_ctime_ns": 1790188500315968224, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-04-No-12---1996.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790188500311318883, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-04-No-12---1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "a130b19f2b4e8eae07dffb827b7936a265316aada987c17d31f64368e24c348f"}

The REALL News
  Volume 4 Issue 12        December 1996
  In This Issue

  Does "Psychic" Reading
  Lead Police to Missing Body?
  A&E Network to feature case, including skeptical scenario

  by Gary P. Posner, Tampa Bay Skeptics

  On April 5 the Associated Press reported that, as per the story's headline in the St. Petersburg Times, "Psychic tip leads
  to missing man's body." The tipster was none other than Orlando "psychic detective" Noreen Reiner, who claims a
  history of great success in assisting police investigations into unsolved homicides and missing person cases, and whose
  assistance in this case is being touted by police and Navy personnel.

  Seventy-six-year-old Norman Lewis, along with his Chevy S-10 truck, had been missing for two years from the tiny
  Florida town of Williston, located just southwest of Gainesville. According to contemporaneous newspaper accounts, on
  March 24, 1994, Lewis had driven off for a brief jaunt, leaving behind his wallet and respiratory inhaler, and was never
  seen again. In its April 11, 1994, edition, the Ocala Star-Banner quoted Williston Police Chief Olin Slaughter as
  observing, "It's like he fell off the edge of the earth." [Wink, wink. Hint, hint.]

  After more than a year, with the Williston police following-up on "hundreds" of leads and conducting numerous aerial
  searches, all to no avail, the Lewis family suggested that a "psychic" be called in. Investigator Brian Hewitt, having
  previously been impressed by a Renier retroactive-crime-solving demonstration, and aware of her other credentials,
  passed along her name to the Lewis family, which reportedly provided the $650 fee for her services (the police
  department did not have the funds).

  Approximately three weeks after Hewitt called Renier to set up the appointment at her home, Renier performed her
  "psychic" reading. According to published accounts, it included a number of specific "clues" to help lead the police to
  Lewis' body (Renier is refusing to allow the public to see the videotape). The Williston Pioneer (on April 4 and June 27,
  1996) quotes Chief Slaughter as saying that Renier said Lewis had traveled "east from his home to an area where there
  is ... water in something like a pit." (Emphasis added.) The Chiefland Citizen (April 11, 1996) quotes Slaughter: "She
  could see he was surrounded by metal.... She could see a cliff wall, and loose bricks, a railroad track, and a bridge." The
  numbers "45" and "21" were also offered as helpful clues.

  A subsequent look into several bodies of water proved as fruitless as the earlier searches. But because of Renier's
  reading, the police called in a team of Navy divers from Jacksonville to search one particular limestone quarry.
  Although about eight months elapsed before the divers could arrive, on this past April 3, with the assistance of a
  $70,000 detection device, they did indeed locate the missing truck, containing Lewis' skeletal remains, submerged in 20
  feet of murky water.

  Almost immediately after the Williston police announced that the case had been solved, largely as a result of Renier's
  "psychic" clues, the story quite naturally captured the attention of the media. In addition to newspapers and local TV,
  national radio icon Paul Harvey reported upon it, and the TV show Sightings will open its new fall season with this case.
  It may even have inspired what sounds suspiciously like a copy-cat "psychic" prediction that has persuaded authorities
  in Graniteville, Missouri, to drain a 3-million-gallon quarry in search of a girl missing from that town for seven years.

  My involvement in the case began on May 7, when I received a telephone call from Maria Zone, a researcher for
  Towers Productions, based in Chicago. Towers is producing a series of one-hour documentaries for the A&E Network,
  tentatively called Unexplained. I was advised that one of the programs, presently scheduled for airing this January, will
  be devoted to several "renowned psychic detectives," including Renier, and that this case will be featured. I was then
  invited to prepare a response for what is promised by John McCarthy, the series' senior producer, to be a balanced, if not
  downright skeptical, presentation.


The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_12_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:40]
  On June 27, a Towers producer, Judy Cole, with TV camera crew in tow, arrived in Williston (she would interview
  Renier in Orlando the following day). After first visiting with the police, she interviewed me (this was my second trip to
  the area, accompanied both times by TBS member Glenn Thompson, who recorded the action on videotape for TBS's
  archives). By then, thanks in part to materials provided by Zone and by TBS member and Williston resident Warren
  Gammel, I had accumulated a number of relevant newspaper articles and maps and, based upon the material available to
  me, had come to a provocative conclusion: Norman Lewis' remains had been found not because the police had the Navy
  divers search the body of water best fitting Renier's "psychic" clues, but because they had the Navy search the wrong
  watery pit!

  Staring at the 1994 Bowden Custom Maps roadmap of Williston, the most immediately striking feature is the blue body
  of water just a few degrees south of due east and less than one mile away from Mr. Lewis' home. This limestone quarry,
  when approached from the west, is located adjacent to the intersection of U.S. 41 and state route 121. Flipping the map
  over, one can see that U.S. 41 is also known in Williston as state route 45. In other words, if Mr. Lewis had indeed
  traveled east from his home to a watery pit, as Chief Slaughter says Renier had seen in her "psychic" vision, he would
  have encountered such a quarry just east of the junction of state routes 45 and 121. Renier's two numerical clues were
  reportedly "45" and "21" -- had she offered "45" and "121," someone might have cynically accused her of having used
  the approximately three weeks available to her to research the case and consult a map!

  Perusing the U.S. Geological Survey's "Williston Quadrangle" map, one may observe this clearly marked "Quarry" area
  in more detail. Of note is the Seaboard Coast Line's north/south railroad track 3/4 of a mile east of the quarry's eastern
  circumference, with a branch directed westward into the heart of the quarry area. One of Renier's clues was "railroad
  track."

  Neither map reveals a "bridge" in the area, or any other "metal" structure, as Renier predicted. But where there is water,
  it is logical to assume that a bridge, if only a footbridge, may be nearby. And it had been widely reported (and probably
  directly told to Renier) that Mr. Lewis had disappeared in his "metal" truck. It is also logical to assume the presence of a
  "cliff wall" and "bricks" at a quarry, two more of Renier's clues.

  As I told Judy Cole on camera, I cannot know if Renier's clues, intended to help locate Mr. Lewis, were the result of
  "psychic" power, or of some other, more prosaic, process. But, as I said to her, if I were desirous of having others
  believe, mistakenly, that I possessed psychic power, and if I had been approached by the police to assist in this case, I
  might have provided them with the very same clues. I added, "They're all right here," pointing to my smattering of
  newspaper articles and maps.

  I elaborated: Forget about "psychic" detectives for a moment. Let's just employ "ordinary" detective-style reasoning and
  common sense. Considering the fact that the intensive ground and aerial search had turned up nothing, if Mr. Lewis and
  his truck were somewhere within the potential reach of the Williston authorities, where could they possibly be? In the
  middle of an extremely densely wooded area? In an abandoned building? (Either, perhaps if only a body was missing.
  But a truck?) Only one possibility even comes to mind -- submerged under water.

  Chief Slaughter, it seems, had had the right idea all along, even if he was not consciously aware of it. It appeared,
  indeed, "like [Lewis] fell off the edge of the earth" -- and into a bottomless, or at least murky, pit. A quick glance at the
  Williston roadmap revealed an obvious potential site, and the U.S.G.S. map confirmed that this was just the sort of
  pit/quarry that fit the bill.

  One minor problem. The "logical" site -- the one that Renier's "psychic" clues seemed tailored to -- the limestone quarry
  less than a mile east of Lewis' home, at the junction of state routes 45 and 121, serviced by a railroad track -- was not
  where Mr. Lewis' truck and remains were ultimately found! Rather, with the Navy's assistance, the truck containing the
  remains was located in a different limestone pit, just a few degrees east of due north from Lewis' home, and more than
  twice us far away! The recovery site, known as the Whitehurst pit, is also located adjacent to state route 45, but not
  route 121.

  Renier's "21" clue, in fact, played no beneficial role whatsoever in assisting in the location of Mr. Lewis' body. Yet, this


The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_12_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:40]
  clue has been hailed by the authorities as perhaps her most eerily precise of all. Why? Because, after Mr. Lewis' body
  had been recovered, it was realized that he had been found "2.1" miles from his home!

  Nor was her "railroad track" clue of any value in deciding which quarry to search. Although the U.S.G.S. map clearly
  shows an "abandoned" track traversing the Whitehurst quarry east/west, the police did not become aware of its presence
  until a portion of the buried track was unearthed after the divers had already been called in.

  Nor did her "bridge" clue offer any assistance in targeting this particular pit, or in helping narrow down the search area
  within the 30-acre quarry. But, as reporter Dave Monsees explained on a WTVT-TV 13 (Tampa) newscast of April 19,
  "Another clue that amazed [Chief] Slaughter was that the psychic saw a bridge nearby. Turned out he'd passed it
  countless times and never saw it -- on the access road to the quarry, an old, wooden truck scale that smacks for all the
  world of a bridge, if you take the time to stare at it."

  If ever there was a case in which simple common sense and "retrofitting" -- transforming ubiquitous clues into valuable
  "hits" after the fact -- seemed to account for the miraculous success of a piece of "psychic" detective work, this appears
  to be one for the books.

  Renier had apparently proven herself to the police and family not merely with her clues, but with her knowledge of
  details about Lewis' life (for instance, that he was retired from the military). But such information appeared in
  newspaper accounts during the search period, which are available to anyone interested enough to seek them out.

  Judy Cole, after interviewing the police, informed me that Renier had sketched several lines for them representing a
  "quadrant" that appeared to encompass both the northern and eastern quarries. Cole also said that when some bricks
  were spotted at the northern pit, the police apparently decided to zero in on that one. Perhaps the A&E program will
  better explain why the divers were asked to search only that one quarry. Had they instead searched the one that seems a
  better match to Renier's clues, Mr. Lewis would have never been found, and Paul Harvey would have found something
  else to talk about. But perhaps the Graniteville, Missouri, authorities, and the family of that missing girl, might have
  been spared a lot of unnecessary hard work and heartache.

  Reprinted with permission from the Tampa Bay Skeptics Report, Fall 1996 issue.

  Carl Sagan Dies at 62

  As most of you probably already know, astronomer, Pulitzer Prize-winning author, and skeptic Carl Sagan has died after
  a two-year battle with a rare blood disorder and leukemia. He will be missed by the entire skeptics community.

  Editor's Note: I want to share with you James Randi's eloquent remembrance of Sagan:

  Randi: We've lost Carl Sagan, and I can't quite adjust to the fact. When Asimov went, it was bad enough, but now that
  both these bright lights have gone out, I'm desolated.

  Up until the end, he was confident, cheery, optimistic. Despite the ravages of his illness and the obvious, visible effects
  of the therapy he was undergoing, he made every public appearance he could. He was brave in the face of his demise,
  and went like the warrior he was.

  I urge you, if you have not yet read The Demon-Haunted World, his last book, please do so.

  Many months ago, I received a bound galley of that book, with a cautionary note not to prepare a review based closely
  upon it, since there were many planned changes due. When I eventually received the final version, I noted many
  instances where Carl had strengthened his languaged, upgraded and fortified his adjectives, and in general hardened his
  language. I had the chilling thought that perhaps he felt this might be his last statement about the pseudoscience,
  crackpots, frauds, and quacks that he so resented. I feel his loss acutely. He had the ability to captivate with his words,
  spoken or written. His students at Cornell worshiped him, and though his colleagues were often pedantically annoyed at
  his high public profile and expressed opinions that he should return to astronomy, he ignored that pressure -- happily for

The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_12_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:40]
  us -- and continued to be the great teacher of critical thinking that the world came to know and respect. A giant has
  fallen. We can only celebrate his life and continue to listen to him through his writings.

  Ongoing and Upcoming

  The James Randi Educational Foundation continues to expand its efforts to gather materials. Here's an update from
  Randi:

  Construction of the Foundation Auditorium will start in January. Our video facility is now substantially expanded, and
  we can not only make up to eight copies of videos at one time, but we can dub in and out of any format. That includes
  NTSC, PAL, SECAM, and VHS, U-MATIC, 8-mm. Stills of startling resolution and color are possible, and we are
  beginning to archive -- digitally -- many old tapes of "psychics" being caught at their thing. Also, shows prophesying
  events that never happened, and various classic "cold readings" that serve as excellent examples for analysis. The book
  library is up to 1,860 volumes, plus all the French, Spanish and German books, and hundreds of skeptical journals.

  If any of you still have books, videos or journals that you could contribute to the JREF, please send them along to:

     James Randi Educational Foundation
     201 S.E. Davie Boulevard
     Fort Lauderdale, FL 33316-1815

  From the Editor

  Bob Ladendorf

  We were all shocked to learn about the loss of Carl Sagan in December. (See a tribute to him on page 3.) I had read his
  Demon-Haunted World and was impressed with his comprehensive survey of paranormal and pseudoscientific beliefs
  and activities. His criticism of Velikovsky's ideas opened my eyes about skepticism and critical thinking nearly 20 years
  ago. In a sense, his thinking stimulated me into eventually helping to found REALL and to edit this newsletter.

  The lead article on a "psychic detective" case by Gary Posner of the Tampa Bay Skeptics can serve as an example on
  how to investigate claims of the paranormal.

  ***

  Corrupted computer files knocked this newsletter off schedule. I had to redesign the newsletter from scratch. (Being the
  graphic designer and typesetter stretches the ability [and patience!] of this long-time editor.) For those interested, The
  REALL News is produced on a Macintosh Performa 6300CD using Clarisworks 4.0 software, with text set in 10-point
  Palatino and headlines in Benguiat Frisky. The original is printed on a Hewlett-Packard DeskJet 855C ink-jet printer,
  and final copies are produced at Kinko's.

  From the Chairman

  David Bloomberg

  The lead article you will find in this issue comes to us courtesy of the Tampa Bay Skeptics (TBS). I think it shows a
  classic case of a "psychic" taking credit where none is due and the media and others doing everything they can to give
  her free publicity. Another reason we are reprinting it is that I was called by Maria Zone, one of the producers of A&E’s
  Unexplained, and was told I’d also be on this show to discuss Greta Alexander and/or Dorothy Allison (the shoving
  psychic from my appearance on the Morton Downey Jr. show). Unfortunately, after her first call expressing a great deal
  of interest, I never heard from them again. In discussing this with Gary Posner, the author of these articles and founder
  of TBS, he said he felt he had been dealt with honestly by Zone and others dealing with the show, so I’ll withhold
  judgment on my treatment until I see the show and find out if Alexander and/or Allison are featured and what other
  skeptics might appear. (This episode is scheduled to appear on January 9.)

The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_12_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:40]
  REALL actually owes quite a debt of gratitude to the Tampa Bay Skeptics and Gary Posner. Some five years ago I
  wrote my first skeptical article for a newsletter -- the TBS Report. I had been hopping around computer bulletin boards
  and found one containing back issues of TBS Report. In one of them I saw an article about a "breast hypnotist" -- a guy
  who claimed he could hypnotize women and make them grow larger breasts. As it happened, this guy was traveling
  around the country and was stopping to do a radio show on WYMG here in Springfield! I called Posner and he
  immediately sent me a great deal of information to use. I also called Don Murphy of WMYG and we worked out a deal
  where I would call in and be able to use that information on the air while the guy was in the studio. As it happened, he
  never showed, but Don let me read what I had anyway, so even more skeptical information was put forward. I guess the
  hypnotist had some friends in town who heard the show and relayed it to him, and I guess he wasn’t very happy about it.
  Good. This was the article I wrote up for the TBS Report.

  But the point of this story is that this incident, perhaps more than any other, spurred my interest in forming a local
  skeptics group in Central Illinois. Thus, after contacting Bob Ladendorf ("Editor Bob") and Wally Hartshorn
  ("Webmaster Wally" – okay, so I just made that one up), REALL was born.

  So, thank you, Gary, for these articles. And I’d like to extend greater thanks for your help, five years ago, in getting me
  information about the "breast hypnotist."

  Letter to the Editor

  Editor's Note: The following letter is a combined version of two e-mail letters.

  Dear Editor:

  Armchair observations and commentary are all very well and fine. Without same, I'd be virtually out of a job myself!
  Still, the armchair can only be rocked so far before it arrives, creaky and decrepit, somewhat short of its original
  intended destination. Specifically, I refer to Martin Kottmeyer's two-part "explanation" of the Exeter, New Hampshire,
  UFO case, which recently appeared in The REALL News (September and October issues) and which attributes same to
  a human hoax -- something along the lines of a Boy Scout-launched balloon or kite.

  Snicker, snicker, my, aren't we superior!

  The problem with such a facile dismissal of the case is pointed out in the two paragraphs which follow (originally
  addressed to Mr. Kottmeyer in person):

  Exeter as a neighborhood balloon or kite? Mayhaps. But if a ground-controller were in charge of things, wouldn't the
  60-degree angle change dramatically on at least those occasions when the kite was being purposefully and actively
  manuevered from below? Release tension on the top of the tail, in other words, and the whole would tend to go upright
  or perpendicular, wouldn't it? Similarly, jerk on the top, and wouldn't the whole tend to go parallel with the horizon?
  You can't have it both ways.

  Either the slant was constant or it wasn't. If constant, then that doesn't sound like a balloon or kite jerking about in the
  wind to me, unless you (or Isaac Newton) can come up with some way to configure a constant 60-degree angle kite tail.
  (In fact, this is a theory you could have easily tried out in your own back yard before floating it in print.)

  Alternatively, are you also seriously suggesting that someone ran two copper wires from a battery on the ground to the
  kite in order to power the onboard lights? Then how long would such wires have had to have been for the whole to
  disappear out of sight? (For that matter, wouldn't two such wires occasionally twist in the wind and short out?) I know
  from personal experience (a Yamaha 750) that even motorcyle batteries are inordinately heavy for their size, as in lead
  balloon/kite, which is why you postulate a ground-based battery yourself. Maybe you should shoot for four AAs? But if
  light bulbs were involved, then highway flares probably weren't -- unless you know some way to make flares (and/or
  candles) go on and off in sequence? On the other hand, if mere light bulbs were employed, then how explain the
  illumination that allegedly lit up the ground and caused the poor hoaxees (read: ignorant fools) to dive for cover? Pretty


The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_12_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:40]
  bright bulbs, even at a hundred feet in height! You'd think hoaxers everywhere would be using them by now, almost on
  a nightly basis, that Edmund Scientific would be carrying them as UFO Hoax Lights -- Cheaper by the Dozen!

  Close, but no Cuban cigar. Note that I don't claim that Exeter was de facto extraterrestrial in nature. My remarks are
  simply addressed to Mr. Kottmeyer's own equally implausible solution. Obviously, I don't mind him noting that the
  Exeter object behaved erractically on one hand (i.e., bobbing about like a balloon or kite); what I object to is Mr.
  Kottmeyer wanting to have his cake and eat it, too, specifically by citing the 60-degree angle consistency in his favor.
  So which is it, Martin? Was the reported object consistent in flight or not? You can't argue it both ways simultaneously.
  Unless your armchair is bigger than mine -- and I live in Texas, where Surburbans are the state car.

  One other thing .... As anyone knows who's ever flown a kite, they aren't necessarily silent at all. In fact, depending on
  factors like construction, wind speed, and of course proximity, kites can make all sorts of flapping and ruffling noises.
  Some can be particularly different to control, too, no doubt more so by night.

  Sincerely,
  Dennis Stacy
  Editor
  MUFON UFO Journal
  dstacy@texas.net

  Martin Kottmeyer responds:

  I agree that the angle of the kite-line would alter during maneuvers. Are we sure it didn't? In saying the lights were
  always at a 60-degree angle, the witnesses need not have meant literally every second of the encounter. I could easily
  envisage myself in the same situation, saying the same thing, but failing to clarify that it changed angle when it dropped
  down towards me.

  Their official statements were fairly brief and this could have been a way of emphasizing the difference between what
  they saw and explanations they had to parry like airplanes. I wouldn't expect every detail to be put in the statement; only
  those thought relevant.

  I hadn't assumed bare wires. I have an old, used Kawasaki motorcycle gathering dust which I drove for a time in the
  Seventies. The battery is no heavier than a three-cell flashlight. The main reason I assume it to be ground level is that
  kites will crash and those batteries are not cheap to replace. Strobes are not mere light bulbs and are not cheap either.
  My guess is that the prankster had easy access to strobes and was around them so much that the idea to use them could
  come on impulse. Maybe he was connected to the Sylvania Miniature Lighting facility in Hillsboro, NH, some 50 miles
  away; maybe a science teacher at the nearby Philips Exeter Academy was into high speed photography experimentation
  and a student borrowed the strobes; maybe the guy was into photography himself. Doubtless there are many
  possibilities.

  I'm open to alternatives; I work with the knowledge I have and there are always limits and gaps. If anyone else
  confronted with this same puzzle can come up with a better answer, I am waiting to see it. My current feeling is that the
  sequencing lights pretty much rule out any natural phenomena. The silence rules out anything motor-driven. The
  fluttering says it can't be massive. Balloons don't strike me as maneuverable enough. If not kites, what is left? Remotely
  Piloted Vehicles (RPVs)? Lights on RPVs defeat their intent, as they are basically spy devices, and what around Exeter
  is there to use it on? Nothing else matches and that includes anything in the UFO literature. Unless I'm missing some
  vital clue, I don't see where else the facts could lead. I'll take best guess over no guess on principle.

  David Bloomberg also responds:

  Being the Chairman and a member of the Editorial Board, I get to see these letters before anybody else. I have a few of
  my own comments to add.

  Nowhere in Martin's articles does he even hint that the Exeter sighting might have been a balloon. Yet Mr. Stacy

The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_12_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:40]
  mentions it several times as if he had. I fail to understand why he could not simply discuss the points Martin actually
  had made, rather than making up his own straw men to knock down.

  Mr. Stacy does this elsewhere in discussing the lights and making the presumption that "hoaxers everywhere would be
  using them by now, almost on a nightly basis." Why? He is essentially saying that if one person created a hoax UFO,
  hundreds would follow. Of course, since they aren't, he presumes himself correct. This is another straw man argument.

  Finally, Mr. Stacy says that the idea of a hoaxer is as "equally implausible" as an extraterrestrial craft? Did Mr. Stacy
  really mean to say that the idea of a person flying a kite with lights on it is as implausible as a ship piloted by alien
  beings flying vast distances in order to scare a few people in a remote town? Come now, Mr. Stacy.

  Editor's Note:

  At one point in the original article (Part II), the date of publication for The American Boys Handy Book was incorrectly
  given. That date was actually 1892, which shows how long this sort of thing has been going on.

  Masthead Information
  Electronic Version

  If you like what you see, please help us continue by sending in a subscription. See the end of newsletter for details.
  Purpose

  The Rational Examination Association of Lincoln Land (REALL) is a non-profit educational and scientific organization.
  It is dedicated to the development of rational thinking and the application of the scientific method toward claims of the
  paranormal and fringe-science phenomena.

  REALL shall conduct research, convene meetings, publish a newsletter, and disseminate information to its members and
  the general public. Its primary geographic region of coverage is central Illinois.

  REALL subscribes to the premise that the scientific method is the most reliable and self-correcting system for obtaining
  knowledge about the world and universe. REALL not not reject paranormal claims on a priori grounds, but rather is
  committed to objective, though critical, inquiry.

  The REALL News is its official newsletter.

  Membership information is provided elsewhere in this newsletter.

  Board of Directors: Chairman, David Bloomberg; Assistant Chairman, Prof. Ron Larkin; Secretary-Treasurer, Kevin
  Brown; Newsletter Editor, Bob Ladendorf; At-Large Members, Prof. Steve Egger, Wally Hartshorn, and Frank Mazo.

  Editorial Board: Bob Ladendorf (Newsletter Editor), David Bloomberg (electronic version editor), (one vacancy).

  REALL
  P.O. Box 20302
  Springfield, IL 62708

  Unless stated otherwise, permission is granted to other skeptic organizations to reprint articles from The REALL News
  as long as proper credit is given. REALL also requests that you send copies of your newsletters that reprint our articles
  to the above address.

  The views expressed in these articles are the views of the individual authors and do not necessarily represent the views
  of REALL.
  REALL Contacts


The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_12_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:40]
     David Bloomberg, Chairman: chairman@reall.org
     Bob Ladendorf, Editor: editor@reall.org

  A Nod to Our Patrons

  REALL would like to thank our patron members. Through their extra generosity, REALL is able to continue to grow as
  a force for critical thinking in Central Illinois. Patron members are those giving $50 or more. To become a patron of
  REALL, please see the membership form. Patron members are:
  David Bloomberg, Springfield         Rev. Charles Hanson, Springfield
  David Brown, Danville Wally Hartshorn, Springfield
  Alan Burge, D.D.S., Morton Bob Ladendorf, Springfield
  William Day, Springfield         John Lockard, Jr., Urbana
  David Gehrig, Springfield        Edward Staehlin, Park Forest


The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_12_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:40]
