{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T11:46:10Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 54990, "source_ctime_ns": 1788583452697773576, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-04-No-07---1996.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788583452688760779, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/REALL-News---Vol-04-No-07---1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "2dde0125b23f5c506ce65c6bfa7a8e09b2b27b9a43a9d1cd6f6c695e4c2b5027"}

The REALL News
  Volume 4 Issue 7         July 1996
  In This Issue

  Media Council Named at 1st World Skeptics Congress

  by Bob Ladendorf

  More than 1,000 critical thinkers from around the world gathered for the first World Skeptics Congress in Buffalo, New
  York, last month to listen to speakers ranging from Stephen Jay Gould to Chris Carter, producer of The X-Files, attend
  panel discussions on various topics, and be updated on the status of paranormal/pseudoscientific activities worldwide.

  Sponsored by the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP) and held at the
  University of New York at Buffalo and the Center for Inquiry, the Congress was held over a four-day period, June 20-
  23, with the theme of “Science in the Age of (Mis) Information.” The Congress, held during the 20th anniversary of the
  formation of CSICOP, was highlighted by a special awards ceremony on the 22nd featuring humanist/humorist Steve
  Allen, who also played the piano.

  At the awards ceremony, it was announced that an asteroid was being named for CSICOP to honor its efforts to
  encourage rational, scientific inquiry. Because the astronomical group responsible for the naming of astronomical
  bodies indicated that “CSICOP” was not pronounceable, the asteroid would be named “Skeptic” on July 1.

  It also was announced that another asteroid would be named for Paul Kurtz, CSICOP’s founder and chairman. That
  announcement prompted banter between Kurtz and James Randi, conjurer and author who also has an asteroid named
  after him, as to who had the larger asteroid!

  At the start of the Congress, CSICOP announced the formation of a new “Council for Media Integrity” to monitor and
  respond to media stories and programs promoting paranormal and pseudoscientific phenomena. In announcing the
  formation of the Council, Kurtz said, “The media have now virtually replaced the schools, colleges, and universities as
  the main source of information for the general public .... the irresponsibility of the media in the area of science and the
  paranormal is a worldwide problem. But it especially applies to the United States, where the media have been distorting
  science, and in particular presenting pseudoscience as genuine science. Indeed, we are appalled by the number of
  ‘documentaries.’ which are really entertainment programs, presenting fringe science as real science.

  “The major networks have been running two or three such specials almost every month. Recently there have been
  programs on prophecies, astrology, psychic powers, creationism, Noah’s Ark, angels, alien abductions, etc. This is in
  addition to the popular ‘Unsolved Mysteries,’ ‘X-Files,’ and ‘Sightings,’ as well as new programs such as ‘Paranormal
  Borderlands,’ and ‘Poltergeist.’ “

  Members of the Coordinating Committee for the council include Kurtz, who also is the professor emeritus of
  philosophy, SUNY at Buffalo; Joe Nickell, author, University of Kentucky, and senior research fellow, CSICOP; Barry
  Karr, executive director, CSICOP; and William Evans, assistant professor of communications, Georgia State University.
  (See list of other members in box.)

  The council complained about the lack of skeptical dissent on talk shows. A statement endorsed by council members
  maintained that, “If the United States is to continue to provide leadership and compete in the global economy, then we
  need to raise the level of scientific literacy and understanding of the general public.

  “We are not, of course, asking that TV producers not run these shows or make a profit. We surely do not wish to censor
  the media. We only ask that they provide some balance and provide some appreciation of the scientific approach. The
  new Council will monitor such programs, and attempt to persuade producers, directors, writers and the general public to
  leave room for the appreciation of scientific methods of inquiry.


The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_7_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:38]
  “We realize that the media are being attacked from all sides, but we think that a plea for raising the level of
  understanding of science should be heard.”

  The council plans to respond to misinformation in the media through various media, including videos, e-mail and faxes.

  While the Congress covered a range of subjects, from alien abductions to The X-Files, there were at least two recurring
  themes: encouragement of diplomacy in criticism of paranormal/pseudoscientific topics, and a criticism of post
  modernism beliefs that there is no objective knowledge.

  In his keynote speech, paleontologist and CSICOP board member Stephen Jay Gould cautioned the audience to avoid
  dismissal of a scientist’s entire body of work if only a part of it is wrong. Through slides and engrossing discussions of
  errors in scientists’ work, such as Thayer’s wrong-headed animal camouflage in nature assertions, Gould pointed out
  that, nonetheless, various scientists provided either valuable observations or developed other confirmed ideas that may
  not have surfaced if ignored because of other errors. Gould seemed to be saying, don’t throw the baby out with the bath
  water.

  In reviewing the well-known CIA “remote viewing” experiments, CSICOP board member Ray Hyman countered Prof.
  Jessica Utts’ view that there is statistical significance to the existence of paranormal activity. (For a detailed discussion
  of the two reviewers conclusions, see the March/April 1996 issue of Skeptical Inquirer.) However, Hyman indicated that
  Utts is a serious researcher who should be heard and her work evaluated. This urging of fully reviewing the other’s
  position is another example of the avoidance of complete dismissal of ideas prevalent at the Congress.

  In criticizing the post modernist assertions of a lack of objective knowledge, Kurtz told Congress participants in the
  opening ceremony that, “We hear from all sides that the Enlightenment, which was committed to science, reason, and
  education as a key to human progress, is at an end. Some of the patron saints of post modernism, from Feyerabend to
  Derrida, even maintain that science is only one mythic narrative among others. Yet these critics fail to explain how and
  why science has succeeded in examining our understanding of the universe and how and why its technical applications
  work. Although they rail against science, would they willingly forego the use of antibiotics, stereophonic systems, or the
  computer screen, which they use to compose their writings attacking science? Speaking as a philosopher, I fear that the
  liberal arts curriculum and the kind of science education that we offer at the universities and colleges needs to be
  reformed.”

  Giving the conference address on the opening night of the Congress was Leon Lederman, emeritus director of Fermilab
  and Nobel Laureate in Physics. He indicated that an anti-science movement is in a waxing phase and that, quoting
  Winston Churchill, skeptics need to fight [against irrationalism] and never give up. Lederman emphasized the need for
  more scientific knowledge, that “Scientific authority is there to be overthrown by young revolutionaries throwing
  logical bombs.”

  Among the range of subjects covered in his speech, Lederman was emphatic about the need for changes in science
  education. He said that the biology, chemistry, physics sequence in high school should be reversed, perhaps even
  integrated each year so that students would be taking Science 1, 2 and 3 instead of the current sequence.

  The soft-spoken physicist, also known for his book The God Particle, was presented CSICOP’s “In Praise of Reason”
  award for his work in science at the start of the speech.

  Others honored for their work at the Awards Banquet on Saturday night included:

     Isaac Asimov Award — Stephen Jay Gould, Museum of Comparative Zoology, Harvard University
     Public Education in Science Award — Dean Edell, national radio medical commentator
     Distinguished Skeptic Lifetime Achievement Award — Steve Allen, author and entertainer
     Distinguished Skeptic Award — James Randi, conjuror, author
     Responsibility in Journalism Award
        Phillip Adams, columnist, radio moderator — Australia
        Piero Angela, journalist, televison moderator, author — Italy

The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_7_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:38]
       Pierre Berton, historian, author, broadcaster — Canada

  Earlier that day at the luncheon held in a large tent outside the Center for Inquiry headquarters, John Maddox, editor
  emeritus of Nature magazine, cautioned the audience of several hundred that the growth of antiscience thinking could
  adversely affect funding for science work. In addition, he commented that following the end of the cold war, activists do
  not have a cause to advance. He also encouraged the participants to talk more about religion and its impact, and to
  discusst it and other topics with “rationality and civility.”

  Numerous sessions were held during the Congress, many of them concurrently. including UFOlogy, astrology,
  homeopathy, therapeutic touch, chiropractic, creation/evolution, mechanisms of self-deception, alternative health cures,
  philosophy and pseudoscience, psychoanalytical theory, critical thinking in education, spiritualism and the University of
  Buffalo expose, and the paranormal in China. (Editor’s Note: Additional articles about some of these sessions will
  appear in a future newsletter, and detailed discussions will be forthcoming in a future issue of Skeptical Inquirer.)

  At the last session of the Congress featuring updates by world skeptics groups, Kurtz announced that the 2nd World
  Skeptics Congress would be in June 1998 in Heidelberg, Germany.

  Council Members

  Glenn T. Seaborg, Nobel Prize winner, and Steve Allen, Honorary CoChairmen.

  Others include: Phillip Adams; Prof. Susan J. Blackmore; Jim Bohannon; Kendrick Frazier, editor, Skeptical Inquirer;
  Martin Gardner; Prof. George Gerbner; Stephen Jay Gould; Prof. Paul R. Gross; Prof. Gerald Holton; Edwin C. Krupp;
  Prof. Norman Levitt; Lee Loevinger; Sir John Maddox, editor emeritus, Nature; John Allen Paulos, matematician and
  author; Gerald Piel; Wallace Sampson, MD; Amardeo Sarma; and Prof. Eugenie Scott. Other names being added.

  Health Professionals Form Therapeutic Touch Study Group

  REALL received the following letter earlier this month:

  Dear Fellow Skeptics,

  As critics of pseudoscience, you may be familiar with an alternative nursing “healing modality” called Therapeutic
  Touch (TT). [See The REALL News, Vol. 3, #1, Letter to the Editor] Not long ago, only a few were critical of this
  practice. Now many across the country have begun to speak out. I would like to invite your members to join a new
  group dedicated to confronting this nonsense in nursing.

  Some people are concerned about TT’s religious and even cultish aspects. They fear that it is a way to persuade people
  to accept a metaphysical viewpoint through the guise of medical intervention. Alas, it does appear that TT is being
  promoted principally to have people tacitly accept the premises of an occult religion known as Theosophy.

  My own particular concerns, however, lie more in the scientific area. TT is being pushed as a scientifically validated
  nursing intervention—and it is not. The research has been frightful, yet it is used repeatedly by TT’s proponents to dupe
  the public (and sometimes even the government) into believing that the practice has a sound scientific basis.

  It is not a coincidence that nursing has been the field where this practice has been insinuated into medicine. Nurses are
  trusted health professionals. And nursing does not have established watchdog groups, like physicians and dentists each
  have in their “Councils of Scientific Affairs.” So TT, like a virus, has taken hold in a vulnerable population.

  When health professionals contacted us about some scientific misconduct in a TT study at a University in Alabama, we
  jumped at the chance to expose the wrongdoing. That activity is proceeding. But in gathering with others from around
  the country on this matter, we all discovered the scope of the problem and resolved to do more about confronting TT on
  a scientific and philosophical basis.


The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_7_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:38]
  TT has its own trade group, Nurse Healers and Professional Associates Cooperative, which boasts over 1,200 members.
  Until now, there has been no countervailing force for truth and scientific integrity. So those of us who gathered recently
  in Alabama — nurses, doctors, medical ethicists, etc. — decided to form the National Therapeutic Touch Study Group
  (NTTSG).

  Right now, we’re just getting NTTSG off the ground. Our first project, exposing the scientific misconduct in Alabama,
  is already underway and the funding for that has been provided by concerned health professionals there. Several other
  projects have begun, as well.

  Our immediate need is not funding, and this is not a fund-raising letter. Rather, we need to establish a network of people
  concerned with the unscientific practice of TT. We need people to join us, keep us informed of anything they may hear
  about TT, are willing to speak out, and are able to lend us advice and counsel from time to time. In return, we plan on
  keeping everyone posted on what is going on and give national and local news organizations a resource for scientific
  skepticism about TT.

  So, I am writing to invite any of your interested members to join the NTTSG. Please drop me a line and let me know if
  you’re interested and/or able to help. Thanks for your time. I hope to hear from you soon.

  My very best regards,

  Linda Rosa, R.N.
  Corresponding Secretary

  The address for NTTSG is: P.O. Box 7117, Loveland, CO 80537. The phone number is: 970-669-7194.

  REALL encourages anybody who is interested to contact the NTTSG.

  Additional Sources - Tornadoes

  (See May/June issue for article.)

     Howard B Bluestein, "Riders on the Storm," The Sciences, March/April 1995.
     Jim Reed, "Cumulonimbus Commandoes: On the Road with Project Vortex," Weatherwise, April/May 1995.
     Robert Davies-Jones, "Tornadoes," Scientific American, August 1995.


  From the Editor

  Bob Ladendorf

  Having returned from a wonderful trip to the 1st World Skeptics Congress, I want to let our readers know that there are
  many skeptics from around the world seriously concerned about the growth of antiscience activities today. Being able to
  hear many excellent speakers and share experiences with like-minded individuals was an invigorating experience.

  In this issue, I highlight the results of the Congress. In future issues, I’ll discuss different aspects of the conference.

  Last month, we unveiled a new, more graphic design. There was a glitch. When our printer adjusted for a dark photo of
  the tornado, the rest of the copy was printed light. I will try to avoid that in future issues.

  As always, stay in touch. We value your comments.

  From the Chairman

  David Bloomberg

The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_7_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:38]
  For the first time in several months, it actually feels like a month between newsletters. I've had some time to think and
  write without deadlines looming over me. Not that I have enough time for everything I'd like to do, of course, but does
  anybody?

  If you can answer that question, “Yes,” then you definitely need to give me a call! REALL is always looking for
  volunteers to help out in various aspects. We need authors, speakers, and anybody else with a little spare time. Don’t be
  afraid to call!

  Speaking of speakers, I’d like to thank Bob “Editor Bob” Ladendorf for giving us a good summary of his trip to the first
  World Skeptics Conference last meeting. Oh, sure, you can read about it here, but it’s just not the same if you didn’t
  attend the meeting.

  Well, I don’t have much more to say this month. Hopefully, I’ll see you at the next meeting, on August 6th at the
  Lincoln Library.

  REALLity Check

  by David Bloomberg

  Editor Bob said to me, “David, we haven’t had a REALLity Check in a little while, so this one had better be pretty
  long.” Bob, being an editor, didn’t want to hear any excuses. Luckily for me, two events occurred and made certain that
  this column would be long enough to make him happy: Independence Day exploded into movie theaters and made
  aliens the “big thing” again, and Hillary Clinton talked to dead people. It figures – when in doubt, rely on movies and
  politics.
  Slow News Day?

  Actually, to me the big news wasn’t that Hillary Clinton talked to dead people – they’re probably more interesting than
  most of the politicians in Washington, D.C. Instead, what I found interesting was the way it was covered in the media.

  Most of the media ran stories about the claims that Hillary held “seances” and Hillary’s counter-claims that it was just
  part of a psychological exercise and she didn’t really think she was talking to the dead. Some talked about how her
  generation was into that “New Age” thing, so it wouldn’t hurt her husband’s chance of re-election. But Channel 20,
  WICS, ever at the forefront of newscasting, took a different angle. They opened their news on that June day with the
  Hillary story, and then went to an interview with Springfield “psychic” Marla. Marla, shown in full regalia with tarot
  cards placed carefully in front of her, told us about how it had been her experience that one cannot talk to the dead
  immediately, but must go through several sessions of seances to get to the point at which Hillary was said to be.

  Come on! Certainly the station that calls itself “NewsChannel 20” could have found some actual news to broadcast that
  day! There was, of course, no skeptical viewpoint given – no hint that perhaps this Marla might not be basing her little
  discussion on facts and evidence. Her bit was aired as if they had been talking to a legal expert at the O.J. trial or an
  aerospace expert after a plane crash. Did anybody really care what this “psychic” thought about Hillary’s doings? Next,
  I suppose we’ll be seeing an astrologer giving the weather forecast.
  Media Blitz

  As I mentioned earlier, Independence Day caused a media blitz not just about the movie itself, but about extraterrestrials
  and the paranormal in general. I can’t address everything here, but let’s look at how some of the major media outlets
  responded.

  Newsweek’s July 8 issue featured “America is Hooked on the Paranormal” as the cover story. I feared the worst (in
  other words, a story worthy of the Chicago Tribune Tempo section). I was happy to find out that I was wrong. There
  were actually two articles plus sidebars together covering various aspects of the paranormal and what Americans think
  about it. The first, “Alien Invasion!” mostly talks about some of the current crop of claims without really taking a point
  of view – until the end of the article, that is, when the author finally inserts his opinions on the matter. I’m happy to say

The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_7_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:38]
  they seem to coincide nicely with mine:

    “There is a psychic toll. Listen to the young woman who told the International UFO Conference and Film Festival in
  Mesquite, Nev., that she was abducted by aliens and sexually ‘probed,’ that the little men ‘took eggs out of me’ and
  gave her a ‘very detailed sponge bath.’ You think, this poor woman is crying and could use some serious couch time.
  Then it turns out it’s taken six regression-therapy sessions to recover these so-called memories. Scary.”

  He goes on to say:

     “John Horigian, a Boston software salesman who moonlights as paranormal investigator and debunker, says, ‘There
  are definitely lunatics out there, but if all these claims are hoaxing and lying, we’ve got a serious pathology affecting
  this country.’ He’s right. We do.”

  The second article, “Is There Anything to It? Evidence, Please.” looked good from the title alone, and it holds up pretty
  well on further scrutiny. It opens by noting, “At least a scenario like that of Independence Day would not violate any of
  the laws of nature [apparently, the author forgot about the law of gravity, which the alien spacecraft seem to be breaking
  as they hover over major cities in the movie]. In contrast, claims in other fringe realms, such as telepathy and
  psychokinesis, are credible only if you ignore a couple or three centuries of established science.” She goes on to quote
  Carl Sagan explaining how “extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.” The article looks at the best evidence
  for telepathy, psychokinesis, and UFOs, and what problems there are with each set of that evidence. She did a very good
  job of looking at both the pro-paranormal and the skeptical sides, talking to James “The Amazing” Randi, Ray Hyman,
  Susan Blackmore, and Joe Nickell. Suffice it to say that even the “best” evidence for each of these phenomena have
  serious methodological and scientific errors – something that is all too often not mentioned in media reports about the
  paranormal.

  USA Today (July 5-7) took a slightly more humorous approach, searching for a plan of action in case aliens do come
  and invade us. The answer: Call 9-1-1. Neither the U.S. Government nor the United Nations has any plan on what to do
  if aliens come calling. As Air Force Lt. Col. Mack McLaurin, who is in charge of handling UFO inquiries for the
  Pentagon, says, “How can we develop a plan to guard against something we can’t even prove exists?”

  Of course, many UFO believers insist that the government does know They exist, and the article touches on that a little
  by using a bit of sarcasm about the military continuing to deny that they have captured aliens. As a side note, I must
  admit that I got a little perverse pleasure when the UFO-lovers were among the first to get incinerated by the aliens in
  Independence Day.

  Scientists at the Planetary Society noted that it is highly unlikely that aliens will be dropping in to visit us. “It’s so much
  easier to send information than schlep around the galaxy in a ship that uses more energy than our entire civilization,”
  one said. Another scientist noted, “The odds are pretty slim of somebody building a starship simply for the purpose of
  coming here and blowing up the White House.” That’s right. They’re much too busy making patterns in corn fields to
  go around blowing things up!
  Forget-Me-Not

  George Franklin was convicted of murder in 1990, based solely on the “recovered memory” testimony of his daughter.
  Briefly, his daughter said she suddenly recalled witnessing him kill a friend of hers when she was a young girl (the girl's
  body was found, bludgeoned to death, but the case was never solved). It was a fairly famous case, and the first one to
  put recovered memories in the spotlight. Last year, his conviction was overturned (“REALLity Check” Vol. 3, #4), but
  Franklin remained in jail while prosecutors decided whether to retry him or not. The problem for them was that
  evidence built up that therapy, and possibly hypnosis, were the cause of the memories. Finally, this month, they decided
  not to retry him and let him go after taking away six years of his life.

  Recently, more scientists have been studying ways to differentiate real memories from false ones (Newsweek, 7/15).
  One experiment showed that different areas of the brain are active when a subject is remembering something correctly
  than when they are falsely remembering something. However, these are just one-time word tests, while the false
  memories generated by poor therapy often gets thought about over and over, thereby implanting sensory data about it in

The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_7_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:38]
  the mind and probably making it appear more “real” in such a test.

  So, we’re back at the beginning. Is there a way to differentiate real memories from false ones? Not now. Which means
  the court system needs to recognize this problem and use actual evidence instead of relying solely on “recovered
  memories” to convict people.
  One Final Note

  On a non-paranormal note, I am sending in a letter to Newsweek and ending my subscription to that magazine. I have
  been a subscriber for many years now and was happy to see the way they covered the Independence Day paranormal
  blitz (see above). However, no sooner did they do this than they turned around and slapped the public in the face.

  As many of you have probably heard by now, “Anonymous,” the author of the loosely fictional book Primary Colors,
  turned out to be a Newsweek writer. When it had been suggested that he was Anonymous in past weeks, he lied and
  denied any involvement. Furthermore, it has been revealed that the editor of Newsweek knew that he was Anonymous
  and allowed him to use the pages of his magazine to lie about it. When they were questioned about the ethics of the
  situation, they came up with all sorts of excuses, including one about it only being “entertainment,” as if this made it
  okay. As you may recall, the networks frequently use this excuse as they air pseudo-documentaries about “psychics” or
  “mysterious origins” or whatever nonsense is on that month’s agenda. I don’t accept it from them and I won’t accept it
  from Newsweek. I certainly won’t send them my money to support such behavior.

  Journalists should be expected to report the facts. The last person in the world I want to ever see lie is a journalist.
  Knowing full well that an author was lying, the editor allowed him to do so. How can we trust that editor, let alone the
  author?

  I cannot. And that is sad, sad news.

  Masthead Information
  Electronic Version

  If you like what you see, please help us continue by sending in a subscription. See the end of newsletter for details.
  Purpose

  The Rational Examination Association of Lincoln Land (REALL) is a non-profit educational and scientific organization.
  It is dedicated to the development of rational thinking and the application of the scientific method toward claims of the
  paranormal and fringe-science phenomena.

  REALL shall conduct research, convene meetings, publish a newsletter, and disseminate information to its members and
  the general public. Its primary geographic region of coverage is central Illinois.

  REALL subscribes to the premise that the scientific method is the most reliable and self-correcting system for obtaining
  knowledge about the world and universe. REALL not not reject paranormal claims on a priori grounds, but rather is
  committed to objective, though critical, inquiry.

  The REALL News is its official newsletter.

  Membership information is provided elsewhere in this newsletter.

  Board of Directors: Chairman, David Bloomberg; Assistant Chairman, Prof. Ron Larkin; Secretary-Treasurer, Kevin
  Brown; Newsletter Editor, Bob Ladendorf; At-Large Members, Prof. Steve Egger, Wally Hartshorn, and Frank Mazo.

  Editorial Board: Bob Ladendorf (Newsletter Editor), David Bloomberg (electronic version editor), (one vacancy).

  REALL
  P.O. Box 20302

The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_7_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:38]
  Springfield, IL 62708

  Unless stated otherwise, permission is granted to other skeptic organizations to reprint articles from The REALL News
  as long as proper credit is given. REALL also requests that you send copies of your newsletters that reprint our articles
  to the above address.

  The views expressed in these articles are the views of the individual authors and do not necessarily represent the views
  of REALL.
  REALL Contacts

     David Bloomberg, Chairman: david.bloomberg@f2112.n2430.z1.fidonet.org
     Bob Ladendorf, Editor: robertcl49@aol.com (Note: 1st 8 are letters)

  A Nod to Our Patrons

  REALL would like to thank our patron members. Through their extra generosity, REALL is able to continue to grow as
  a force for critical thinking in Central Illinois. Patron members are those giving $50 or more. To become a patron of
  REALL, please see the membership form. Patron members are:
  David Bloomberg, Springfield         Rev. Charles Hanson, Springfield
  David Brown, Danville Wally Hartshorn, Springfield
  Alan Burge, D.D.S., Morton Bob Ladendorf, Springfield
  William Day, Springfield         John Lockard, Jr., Urbana
  David Gehrig, Springfield        Edward Staehlin, Park Forest


The_REALL_News_Vol_4_Num_7_1996.txt[06/03/2023 10:59:38]
