{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T01:45:53Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 36742, "source_ctime_ns": 1790696154722939696, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/relationships.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790696154674002947, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/relationships.pdf", "source_sha256": "919fc79451537b808f05a1834d7a4a31e1780a926c878c6ec0db4e69dbc89c88"}

Relationship Categories


  Area 51 Research Center


                                          Relationship Categories
  Below are categories for the "Relationships" section of ufologists pages. (See template.) If more than one category
  applies, only the highest one on the list is given.

      1. Enemy -- There is a personal animosity between these two people that goes beyond professional disagreement or
         political opposition. There must be open evidence of mutual dislike. "Open evidence" would be public statements
         of personal dislike by both parties or public actions--like a fistfight--which directly imply it. If the dislike is not
         mutual, then use Dislikes or Disliked By.

      2. Estranged -- This person was once an ally of the subject, but they are no longer cooperating and do not talk to
         each other. They are not necessarily active opponents of each other, however. This is the category for partners
         who have split up but who are not open Enemies.

      3. Dislikes -- The subject shows open evidence of disliking the other person, but there is no evidence that the other
         people feels the same. There must be direct evidence of emotional distaste, not just intellectual disagreement. This
         is the one-side version of Enemy, where we have no evidence that the animosity is shared by the other person.

      4. Disliked By -- The other person shows open evidence of disliking the subject, but there is no evidence that the
         subject feels the same. There must be direct evidence of emotional distaste, not just intellectual disagreement.
         This is the one-side version of Enemy, where we have no evidence that the animosity is shared by the other
         person.

      5. Opponents -- The subject and the other person are political opponents of each other on a variety of issues,
         although there is no open evidence of personal animosity. (The parties can say unkind things about each other in
         private, but they do not graduate to Dislikes or Enemy unless the statements are made publicly.)

      6. Opposes -- The subject openly opposes the position of the other person on a wide variety of issues, without
         evidence of reciprocal feelings.

      7. Opposed By -- The other person openly opposes the position of the subject on a wide variety of issues, without
         evidence of reciprocal feelings.

      8. Critical Of -- The subject is openly critical of the other on one or more points, but not necessarily on a wide
         variety of issues. Milder than Opposes.

      9. Criticized By -- The other person is openly critical of the other on one or more points, but not necessarily on a
         wide variety of issues. Milder than Opposed By.

     10. Love/Hate -- A special category for cases in which two people seem to openly hate each other but continue to
         cooperate. (Describes many marriages.)

     11. Observer -- The other person shows no sign of liking or disliking the subject but has devoted some resources to
         studying him.

     12. Observer Of -- The subject shows no sign of liking or disliking the other person but has devoted some resources
         to studying him.

     13. Romantic -- Open romantic involvement. They are married or are known romantic partners. Except for marriage,
         evidence of relationship must be public. (Otherwise, they are no more than Allies and what goes on behind closed
         doors is irrelevant.) This relationship is relevant only if both parties are prominent ufologists.


relationships.html[01/03/2022 03:03:58]
Relationship Categories


     14. Ally -- Mutual friends and political allies who seem to like each other.

     15. Associate -- People who work together or are associated in some significant way, with no evidence of like (Ally)
         or dislike (Love/Hate).

     16. Supported By -- The other person actively supports the subject's political position, but with no evidence of a
         significant cooperative relationship.

     17. Supports -- The subject actively supports the other person's political position, but with no evidence of a
         significant cooperative relationship.

          Special Categories

     18. Former Enemy -- Enemies who have somehow patched things up (a rare occurrence). There could still be some
         minor residual animosity but no active aggression.

     19. Former Opponents -- Political opponents who are now working for the same cause, but the relationship is not
         close enough to call them Allies or Associates. They may still remain distant but have nothing to argue about.

     20. Former Romantic -- Former romantic partners who have split up, but who are still talking to each other and
         show no open evidence of animosity. (A rare category, since breaking up usually results in Estranged or Enemy
         status.)

     21. Occasional Supporter -- The other person actively supports the subject on a few limited issues.

     22. Occasionally Supports -- The subject actively supports the other person on a few limited issues.

     23. Financed -- The subject has provided some kind of financial support for the other person, but nothing else is
         known about their relationship.

     24. Financed By -- The other person has provided some kind of financial support for the subject, but nothing else is
         known about their relationship.

  Notes

      1. The order of people in the relationships section should be alphabetical by the last name of the other person.

      2. A one-sentence explanation can appear beside each relationship.

      3. Sources must be given for every relationship. The source is given in [square brackets] and should specify where
         the information came from. Preferably a link to a supporting document should be given as [source].

      4. The name of each person should be linked to their ufologist page, if there is one. Example:

                  Estranged: John Smith. They co-authored two books, but split over claim that Smith faked educational
                  credentials. [source]

      5. Relationships are limited to those that are somehow relevent to the UFO field.

                                            [Ufologists | Ufologist Template | Top Level | Style]


                                           This page is sponsored by the Research Center Catalog.
                                          Please patronize our business if you appreciate this work.


relationships.html[01/03/2022 03:03:58]
Relationship Categories


  Copyright © Glenn Campbell, Area 51 Research Center, PO Box 448, Rachel, NV 89001.

  Report errors and additions to: campbell@ufomind.com or use form.

  Created: 2/14/96
  Last Modified: 5/20/96


relationships.html[01/03/2022 03:03:58]
