{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T14:06:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 169309, "source_ctime_ns": 1790253666024819848, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Saucer-News-Non-Scheduled-Newsletter---No-15.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790253666009879923, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Saucer-News-Non-Scheduled-Newsletter---No-15.pdf", "source_sha256": "a97bdce3c3f607dd6286381aa04d02afab864e7a89409983969983264e270468"}

SAUCER                                  NEWS
                                 NON-SCHEDULED NEWSLETTER lil2

                                      February 15th, 1962


            WORLD FAILS TO ENDa The planetary conjunction and solar eclipse, scheduled for
February 4th and 5th, has taken place on schedule; but as nearly as we can find out, all
of the dire predictions connected with the event have failed to come true.
              In India, the 1doomsday• scare was taken so seriously that on the night of Feb.
3rd, thousands of Hindus shiYered through the wintry night at prayer meetings and various
holy places. Katmandu, capital of Nepal,    looked like a ghost town except around the Hindu
temples. All shops were closed, and business came to a virtual standstill in several other
cities. Indians remembered that in 1934 a similar astronomical phenomenon co-incided with
a serious earthquake in which many people were killed.
              In the western United States, some of the members of saucerer Dan Fry1s group,
called •understanding,• took to the hills to avoid the disasters predicted for the Pacific
coast. A saucerer in New Mexico wrote a couple of weeks ago to one of our correspondents:
1Right now I1m simply swamped, getting a year's supply of        ammo,   GI arctic clothing,   and
food, fuel oil,   etc., ready for the Feb. 5th conjunction•••• • Here in New York, the Hayden
Planetarium received hundreds of worried letters and phone calls.          A New York astrologer
named Joseph F. Goodavage vent out on a limb last October and wrote:          •An unknown virus will
strike South Africa, India, and East China, causing widespread chaos and death. Western
Europe, the British Isles, and even southern Italy will undergo the worst deep freeze in 30
to 50 years. Violent earthquakes will rock Communist East China;         the contour of the land
will alter and rivers will change course. The west coast of America will be subjected to
earthquake activity. In other areas, subterranean quakes will thrust new islands from the
sea•••• n Whether by co-inciaence or not, a New York anti-Atom-Bomb group chose the week of
Jan. 29th through Feb. 4th to stage a series of peace demonstrations. (Some astrological
predictions had stated that atomic warfare would begin dur1ng the planetary conjunction.)
And, finally, Brooklyn's Andy Sinatra, alias the Mystic Barber,          staged a one-man demonstra­
tion in front of the United Nations building on Feb. 4th.         This historic event was covered
by your SAUCER NEWS Editor, and we will publish more details about it in our forthcoming
June issue.
            Alas, the world is still here, no better and no worse than it was before the
prophets of doom had their field dayl


              SENSATIONAL NEW INFORMATION ABOUT BENDER1S BOOK: A correspondent in Louisiana
named Lee R. Elliott recently wrote us the following amazing statements:
              1•••• I111 tell you some of the details regarding the fantastic eYents which
happened to Bender. While you have been most sincere in your efforts to report events in
saucer research as you see them, you too have been led off course by the unanswered prob­
lems ••••Through fear of reprisals, Bender refused to name the Three Men. Because of fear,
he refused to write, give data, or operate his organized research. Then, about a year ago,
I wrote to Bender. I told him basic facts about the coming New Age and about the launched
programs of the Space People•••• I vas authorized to give Bender the GO AHEAD order in re­
gard to his book. You may recall that Ray Palmer had carried an article in 1Flying Saucers•
Magazine, stating that Bender would eventually     1talk,1 but you will also notice that Bender
never talked. The same fear of death and brutal force caused him to remain silent. So, I
wrote to Bender and explained to him what the situation was, and the method I used was to
emphasize what would happen if the Three Men in black suits interfered further with Bender1s
work•••• The data I gave Bender ripped all the fear away and gave him the moral support to
defy those characters. As a result, Bender has now done what he was afraid to do before.
Whereas before, he was afraid to talk, he not only talks now, but has composed his book,
and it will be printedl •••• The reason that Bender managed to get his book written is that
he is one of those humans who has gained spiritual development. He has evolved from fear to
an advanced stage of thinking;    and because of this, his entire perspective changed•••• •
            We will make no comment on the above information until after 1Flying Saucers and
the Three Mena is published.
