{"created_utc": "2026-09-30T15:55:43Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 26196, "source_ctime_ns": 1790767070218418607, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/sbirp.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790767070214168398, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/sbirp.pdf", "source_sha256": "f05617523f051ef9b32bdf92bd21bfff93b554cbb1958c6ad301c0a4fa7ce217"}

From: gufon@ix.netcom.com (Gene Huff)
  Newsgroups: alt.paranet.ufo,alt.conspiracy.area51,alt.alien.visitors
  Subject: Lazar/SBIRP 1
  Date: 21 Jul 1995 15:24:26 GMT
  Organization: Netcom
  Message-ID: <3uogra$rgu@ixnews6.ix.netcom.com>

  You may want to take a look at a previous post called "Back
  Engineering Discs - right under our noses?" so the following will
  make sense to you.

  When ex-U.S. government scientist Bob Lazar went public in
  1989, he asserted that the gravity propelled disc he helped
  back engineer had a power source which which was an "anti-
  matter reactor", a device unknown to earth science.

   Would the U.S. government work toward reproducing
  something like that right in public view?

  Let's take a look at this solicitation from the Department of
  Defense Small Business Innovative Research book from 1989.
  This particular solicitation is from the "Space Division, Los
  Angeles Air Force Station, California".

  AF89-192. TITLE: Technology for Storage, Handling, or Use of
  Antimatter

  OBJECTIVE: Develop technology in the area of : 1) analysis of
  matter-anti-matter annihilation radiation; 2) prediction of its
  products and effects; or 3) safe long-term, hight density storage
  systems for antimatter.

  DESCRIPTION: Antimatter is composed of quantum mechanical
  particles which have reverse properties of their normal matter
  counterparts. When antimatter and matter are allowed to
  interact, the entire mass of both is converted into energetic
  radiation, mostly charged pion and gamma rays in the near
  field. The property of animatter has led to concepts for the use
  of stored antimatter as an analytic radiation source in the near
  term, and as an energy source for rocket propellant in the far
  term. Proposals are sought to design and demonstrate an
  element of the technology needed to use antimatter which: 1)
  can be developed within the funding and time limitations of an
  SBIR procurement, and 2) can be demonstrated using an
  appropriate form of normal matter (a normal matter analog) to
  simulate antimatter. For instance, solid hydrogen could be used
  as a normal matter analog of solid antihydrogen in a magnetic
  suspension system. Examples of the technologies sought
  include: wide angle, high resolution X-ray fluorescence,
  annihilation gamma ray, or charged pion detector arrays to
  locate and characterize annihilation sites within normal matter;
  storage systems for charged or neutral solid
  antihydrogen;computer models and software for predicting


sbirp.txt[01/03/2022 03:05:10]
  annihilation products and their effects; and other innovative
  technologies. Thie first phase of this effort shall consist of a
  design for the proposed technology element. In Phase II the
  selected item shall be built and demonstrated with a normal
  matter analog. Designs shall consider (as applicable):
  radiological safety with respect to annihilation rates; vacuum
  requirements; temperature requirements (solid antihydrogen
  storage will probably require a 1 deg Kelvin radiative hear sink);
  proposed uses of the technology and other appropriate
  constraints.

  Well, what do you think? Could the U.S. governement be
  working toward an anti-matter reactor and could this solicitation
  be connected with the effort at S4?

  See Lazar/SBIRP 2, and we'll continue.

                                     Gene Huff
  ----------
  From: gufon@ix.netcom.com (Gene Huff)
  Newsgroups: alt.paranet.ufo,alt.conspiracy.area51,alt.alien.visitors
  Subject: Lazar/SBIRP 2
  Date: 21 Jul 1995 15:46:50 GMT
  Organization: Netcom
  Message-ID: <3uoi5a$rt5@ixnews6.ix.netcom.com>

  You may want to read a previous post called, "Back Engineering
  Discs - right under our noses?" for this to make sense to you.

   In 1989, ex-U.S. government scientist Bob Lazar stated that the
  discs he helped back engineer had allegedly been brought here
  by ETs from the Zeta Reticuli 2 star system. He also said that
  one of the main reasons the government won't reveal the info on
  the discs is that they want to perfect the technology for defense
  purposes. Is it possible that the U.S. Department of Defense
  could actually have alien technology or that they take any of this
  UFO related activity as an actual threat to the security of the
  U.S.?

   Let's take a look at this solicitation from the Department of
  Defense Small Business Innovative Research Program book
  from 1989. This particular solicitation is also from the "Space
  Division, Los Angeles Air Force Station, California".

  AF89-176. TITLE: Innovative Concepts for Improved Space
  Object Surveillance and Classification.

  OBJECTIVE: To develop new technologies and innovative
  applications of existing technologies to improve space object
  surveillance and classification.

  DESCRIPTION: New technologies and innovative applications of
  existing technologies need to be investigated to improve space
  object surveillance and classification. Classification should

sbirp.txt[01/03/2022 03:05:10]
  include a determination of the mission and potential hostile
  intent of space objects. Topics of particular interest include, but
  are not limited to : optical design for high off-axis rejection of
  visible light in centered telescopes for space object surveillance;
  decontamination of optics on space sensors for visible light
  applications; sun and earth shades on space sensors for visible
  light applications; nuclear event detection; improved resolution
  and cloud penetration techniques for ground based systems;
  and radar and laser techniques for classification of space based
  systems.

   Phase I will define the concepts and establish the technology
  and methodology requirements to validate the concept. The
  contractor shall provide a rough estimate of anticipated
  improvements over the existing systems, as well as projected
  cost savings. Phase II will develop a laboratory model, validate
  the technology and demonstrate in the laboratory the concepts
  proposed in phase I.

  Well, what do you think? Are satellites the only worry of the U.S.
  DOD, or does this run a little deeper and could it be related to
  the ET discs at S4 in central Nevada?

  See Lazar/SBIRP 3, and we'll conclude.

  ---------------
                spiracies<From: gufon@ix.netcom.com (Gene Huff)
  Newsgroups: alt.paranet.ufo,alt.conspiracy.area51,alt.alien.visitors
  Subject: Lazar/SBIRP 3, and conclusion
  Date: 21 Jul 1995 16:28:04 GMT
  Organization: Netcom
  Message-ID: <3uokik$sgf@ixnews6.ix.netcom.com>

  You may want to take a look at a previous post called, "Back
  Engineering Discs - right under our noses?" so the following will
  make sense to you.

   In 1989, ex-U.S. government scientist Bob Lazar asserted that
  the gravity propelled discs he helped back engineer used
  space/time distortion and an amplified gravity wave to enable
  them to traverse vast distances almost instantaneously. He also
  said that some of these ET discs were currently being test flown
  by human pilots. Under these circumstances, communications
  could be a problem.

   Could the U.S. government be overtly working on
  communications systems to enable them to adequately
  communicate with the pilots of these crafts, while they fly right
  here in our atmosphere?

  Let's take a look at this solicitation from the Department of
  Defense Small Business Innovative Research book from 1989.
  This particular solicitation is from the "National Aero-Space
  Plane Joint Office, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio."

sbirp.txt[01/03/2022 03:05:10]
  AF89-254 TITLE: Global Communication Strategies for
  Hypersonic Vehicles

  OBJECTIVE: Improved test control strategies and centers for
  hypersonic flight tests.

  DESCRIPTION: Testing hypervelocity (Mach 25) vehicles
  provide a new problem to traditional aircraft test ranges. The
  higher speed vehicles no longer remain within the confines of
  the range, or even the country, but still require continuous
  communications and telemetry. Phase I studies must describe
  available systems and those planned to be operational by May
  1995. The studies should show how the appropriate sysstems
  could be integrated to form a single point test control center.
  Phase 2 should form a demonstration single point test control
  center and exercise the world-wide telemetry and
  communications.

   Ever heard of Wright-Patterson AFB before? Seen anything
  flying at Mach 25 lately? Could this type of communication
  program be connected to the disc program at S4 in central
  Nevada?

   I'm going to sum this up here. There are other entries in the
  1989 SBIRP book which could also be related like "Thermionic
  Energy Conversion Technology", which is described as
  "Develop key technologies for compact, survivable thermionic
  nuclear power suppplies in the 5-25 kW range". However, since
  the power requirements are too low to be connected with the
  discs as Lazar described them, I didn't include that or other
  similiarly related topics here. However, the power requirements
  may be that low to set some achievable goals and start from
  there as everybody had to start somewhere, I don't know.

   The 1989 SBIRP book is loaded with other
  scientific/technological solicitations which could be connected
  to the disc program in central Nevada, however, many of the
  solicitations are for complex technology and I don't even know
  what they're talking about. Someone with a broader scientific
  and technological knowledge base than me could probably find
  numerous potential connections.

   Anyway, I think we'll hear a lot of varying explanations of these
  solicitations, and I don't doubt that there could be logical non-ET
  disc related reasons for these scientific/technological problems.
  However, collectively these types of solicitations paint an R&D
  picture that doesn't seem to make Bob Lazar's claims so
  outrageous, as many have stated.

   It's apparent that the U.S. government could be doing S4
  related R&D overtly with a complete look of innocence. All they
  have to do is properly compartmentalize and they could do it
  right if front of our faces. Sometimes we're so busy scrutinizing


sbirp.txt[01/03/2022 03:05:10]
  other things, we fail to correlate the obvious.

   Either way, the SBIRP books are a great way to get insight into
  some of the current technological/scientific dilemmas of varying
  agencies of the U.S. DOD. The excerpts you've read were from
  1989, 6 & 1/2 years ago, and who knows what type of insight
  the current SBIRP books could give us. In fact, I don't even
  know if the Small Business Innovative Research Program still
  exists or if it's been discontinued due to federal cutbacks.

  So, what do you think?

                                     Gene Huff


sbirp.txt[01/03/2022 03:05:10]
