{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T00:21:34Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 37529, "source_ctime_ns": 1790244030865187431, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Shadow-of-a-Doubt---2002-02.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790244030835121322, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Shadow-of-a-Doubt---2002-02.pdf", "source_sha256": "ec47e09ef4fe480fc386d3c9f6fdf12d157ac1c3afeddbc5bb4fc01a36e41e67"}

The                                                                      Complementary and alternative medicine contains a
                                                                         number of claims that are highly implausible. Most of


complexity of
                                                                         these claims are not based on scientific evidence and
                                                                         so can be largely dismissed from that perspective.
                                                                         Some, however, appear to have met the criteria for

applying                                                                 quality research required for acceptance in conventional
                                                                         medicine. How should this evidence be approached?


evidence-                                                                Should good data be dismissed if the plausibility is low
                                                                         and the purported mechanisms irrational? Do

based
                                                                         ‘extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence,’
                                                                         that is, do we need to use more stringent standards for
                                                                         implausible claims than required in conventional

principles in                                                            medicine? If so, what requirements should there be?
                                                                         What type and how much evidence is adequate? Who

implausible
                                                                         should set those requirements? How can we determine
                                                                         when to invest in research at such a level?


domains                                                                  Homeopathy and digital biology will be used as
                                                                         examples of implausible claims for discussion of these
                                                                         and other issues.


                                                                         Saturday, February 9
Wayne                                                                    10:30am-noon
Jonas, MD                                                                Silver Spring Library
Dr. Jonas is Director of the Samueli Institute for
                                                                         Colesville Road
Information Biology, and Associate Professor in the
Department of Family Medicine at the Uniformed
                                                                         Silver Spring, Maryland
Services University of the Health Sciences (USUHS) in                    about 4 blocks north of the Silver Spring Metro station
Bethesda, Maryland. He has conducted research in a
variety of areas focusing on health promotion and
disease prevention, complementary medicine,                              Note: Because of reconstruction at our usual meeting
spirituality research quality and the biological effects of              place, programs this season are scheduled at different
ultra-low doses. Dr. Jonas was previously the director                   locations and sometimes at different times than in the
of the Office of Alternative Medicine at the National                    past. Please be careful that you check the correct
Institutes of Health.                                                    location AND time for each meeting.


                   National Capital Area Skeptics Public Lecture Series
                   FREE admission - Everyone welcome - members and non-members
                   For more information call the 24-hour NCAS Skeptic Line recording at (301) 587-3827
                   e-mail: ncas@ncas.org
                   www.ncas.org

                   NCAS is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit organization which promotes critical thinking and scientific understanding. NCAS...for good reason
                                                                                                    FEBRUARY 2002


                                             PENN AND TELLER ARE BACK
Penn and Teller are back in Baltimore at the Lyric Opera House from January 29 through February 3. For those who
have still not seen them, says Baltimore's CitySearch "Don't expect rabbits popping out of hats. Think critters tossed into
shredders or smashed by anvils, the juggling of broken liquor bottles and the losing of insects into the crowd. The duo's
penchant for grotesque sight gags (including apparent self-mutilation) and inventive, off-the-wall creep-outs take the
show beyond the realm of presto-chango into its own uncategorizable blend of morbid spectacle and performance art."
Tickets via Ticketmaster or (410) 494-2712.
                                                 SCHOOL SCIENCE FAIRS
March is the month for local school districts to hold science fairs. If you have any experience judging science projects
and would like to be a judge evaluating projects for appropriate critical thinking, contact NCAS (either email or phone).
Science fair judges are expected to spend a Saturday morning reviewing projects and talking with the student
participants. Usually only about a half dozen projects deal with topics of interest to NCAS, so the judging is not time-
consuming.
                                                   SPEAKERS BUREAU
NCAS is starting to develop a speakers bureau. If you are a member of an organization that would like a speaker to talk
on topics of interest to NCAS, or if you are an NCAS member who has the expertise to talk on such topics, let us know.
We are developing a set of guidelines to create such a list of potential speakers.

                                           IF YOUR PET NEEDS A PSYCHIC …
On January 29th, the Animal Planet cable TV channel is airing a new show, "The Pet Psychic," hosted by Brit Sonya
Fitzpatrick. Have your pet watch to learn his innermost thoughts.
                                              WHAT IF YOU NEED A PSYCHIC?
                                    th
In case you missed the January 6 Washington Post: "Over at the Cassadaga Spiritualist Psychic Therapy Center, five
mediums are on duty, and walk-ins are welcome. Down the street and around the corner, the Rev. Margaret Ann
Schmidt -- who describes herself as a spiritualist medium, counselor, healer and teacher, who also will guide by phone
or e-mail or house party -- has a sign on her door that says, "Reading in Progress -- Please Come Back." Even in the
best of times, this quaint central Florida village of 200 known as "Psychic City" gets a surge of visitors at the dawning of
a new year. But now, in a world thrown into disarray since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, more people are seeking out
this particular brand of guidance, hoping for clues to a future that is increasingly murky and frightening."
                                         CSICOP INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE
The following is preliminary information. You might find this worthwhile if you can be in LA in June. The Fourth
International Skeptics Convention, sponsored by the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the
Paranormal (CSICOP) is to be held at the Hilton, Burbank Airport and Convention Center, Burbank, California, June 20-
23, 2002.
                                                       TIME TO RENEW?
Check your mailing label. If the renewal date has passed, please send $30 (for 1 person) or $40 (for 2-member
households) for a one-year renewal to the NCAS address below, or you will be dropped as a member.


       National Capital Area Skeptics
       P.O. Box 8428
       Silver Spring, Maryland 20907

NCAS Information:
Telephone: 301-587-3827
Email: ncas@ncas.org
Skeptical Eye submission: S_Eye@ncas.org
http://www.ncas.org/
