{"created_utc": "2026-09-19T18:08:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 514683, "source_ctime_ns": 1788533102861644805, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-45-May-1997-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788533102844940863, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-45-May-1997-.pdf", "source_sha256": "34e2cd6839c7ab30b6709d388a70c559ca514add0ca005e63f874d46de5f24a4"}

L.SKEPTICS
  By Philip J. Klass
                       UFO            NEWSLETTER
                                      404 ;1r·St. SW Washtngton DC 20024
                                                                                     SUN #45

                                                                                     May 1997

                                                                                     Copyright
                                                                                     (1997)


  New Witness Debunks Randle/Schmitt/Kaufmann .. UFO Impact Site ..

          The •crashed-saucer impact site• 35 miles aorth of Roswell, rU"St revealed by Kevin
  Randle and Don Schmitt in early 1994 in their second book, •The Truth About The UFO Crash
  At Rosweii,W based primarily on claims made by _their star witness--Frank J. Kaufmann--has
  been disavowed by Jim McKnight, whose family owned the land and lived nearby in mid-1947.
  The recent disclosure, in a sworn statement by McKnight, further erodes the credibility of
  Kaufmann's wild claims (SUN #27/May 1994). In the secobd R/S bllo ... (R/S #2), Kaufmann's
  wilder claims were attributed to Steve MacKenzie, a pseudonym. (MacKenzie's true identity was
  revealed in SUN #27 .)

            In a sworn statement made on Feb. 3, 1997, McKnight notes that the "alleged impact site
  is located on a part of the ranch that belonged to my aunt and is a little over a mile west of my
  grandfather's original ranch house.... [ do not believe that a UFO or anything else crashed at the
  alleged crash site in 1947 for several reasons. No one in my family had any knowledge o( such
  crash or military retrieval. If a coyote crossed that ranch, my dad or uncle would likely see his
  tracks .... / cannot believe that a convoy o( Army trucks and cars could have come and gone without
  them noticing. If they had seen it, they would have told us about it." (Emphasis added .) McKnight
  was four years old at the time.

           If an Army convoy had been dispatched from Roswell, it would have beaded north on
  highway #285, turned left (west) on what is now Bitterroot Road, and would have passed to
  within about 200 yards of the McKnight ranch bouse. This was the route taken by news media
  (and SUN's editor) on March 25, 1994, when Randle/Schmitt "unveiled" the then-new impact
  site following a press conference for their new book. At that point, the media transferred to
  four-wheel-drive vehicles for a very rough, rocky drive to the impact site.

  NO ROAD TO (ALLEGED) IMPACT SITE IN 1947

          McKnight's affidavit ·states that "during the 1950s, I ro4e horseback all over both pastures
  around the alleged crash site on a number of different occasions." McKnight said he emphasized
  that he rode horseback "because there were not any roads west from the ranch house [to the
  alleged impact site). It was not until the early 1960s that my aunt hired a bulldozer to build a
  crossing on the Macho [a dry creek that becomes flooded after heavy rains]. (Emphasis added.)
  In a telephone interview with McKnight, he told SUN that "to get to the alleged impact site, a
  convoy would have to get across the Macho, which was all but impossible in 1947. •

          In McKnight's affidavit he said: "In addition to our own ranch, it was customary to
  exchange labor with our neighbors. ~e had many discussions and some included the military, their
  practice bombing ranges and ·crashed airplanes. We had a practice bombing range on the ranch
  about 10 miles west of the alleged crash site and one airplane crashed on the ranch. Never, never
  did the subject of such an event as the Roswell f crashed -saucer J Incident come up for discussion.
  I know the people who settled in that harsh environment .... No amount of military threats would have
  silenced them, especially when they talked among themselves." [Emphasis added.] McKnight's
  affidavit concluded that while the "entire Roswell Incident has been of great interest to me and
  I hope to find the truth so,;,e day, I do not have an axe to grind nor a profit to be made from this
  incident.·
Skeptics UPO Newsletter                        -2-
                                                                                                   \
                                                                                             May 1997     \


TIT FOR TAT

       McKnight's affidavit, which was obtaioed by the Roswell loteruatiooal UFO Museum,
might be viewed as the museum's respoose to Randle's charge that It ased "finucial
inducemeots• to get Jim Ragsdale to change the location of the (alleged) impact site from the
Randle/Scbmitt/Kaufmann location 35 miles north or Roswell to uother location roughly 55
                                                                                                              \
miles west or Roswell, as first reported lo SUN #31 (Jan. 1995). Randle/Schmitt had expressed
great confidence In the location of the Randle/Schmitt/ Kaufmann (R/S/K) impact site because
It seemingly was corroborated . by Ragsdale.

        In an R/S article in the Jan./Feb. 1994 issue International UFO Reporter published by
the Hynek Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS), they wrote: "Skeptics of UFO crash stories ...have
clamored for one, firsthand witness to the crash of a nonterrestrial object, with bodies, who would
sign an affidavit and whose story checks out. There is now such a witness in the person of Jim
Ragsdale, who has lived in Roswell for many years and has been telling his crash story, completely
at odds with the [original} press release and Brazel story, since soon after the event. Ragsdale has,
indeed, signed an affidavit, and with his public accounting of what he witnessed, the case (or
Roswell becomes that much stronger." (Emphasis added.) This affidavit, dated Jao. 27, 1993, bad
been prepared by Schmitt, based oo a tape-recorded ioterview with Ragsdale. It had heeo
executed by Max Littell, a notary public and Secretary Treasurer of the Roswell loteruatiooal
UFO Museum who had accompanied Schmitt oo the Ragsdale ioterview.

        R/S could oever have imagined that little more than two years later- -oo April 15, 1995--
Ragsdale would sign aoother affidavit io which he made significaot chaoges from his first
affidavit, beyood chaogiog the locatioo of the impact site. For example, in the 1993 affidavit
Ragsdale claimed that be and his girl· friend, who were camping out for the night, did not
investigate the (alleged) crash or the bright object until the following morning. In the 1995
affidavit, Ragsdale claimed they had gone to investigate the crash in darkness and also
returned the next ID«;Jrning. In the 1993 affidavit, Ragsdale said they saw "a TWmber of smaller
bodied beings outside the craft. • But in the 1995 affidavit, Ragsdale reported: "When we looked
into the craft. we saw four bodies of a type we had never seen before. • In the 1993 affidavit,
Ragsdale said: "While observing the scene, I and my companion watched as a military convoy arrived
and secured the scene. As a result of the convoy's appearance, we quickly fled the area." But in
the 1995 affidavit, Ragsdale said: • ••. we beard what we believed was trucks and heavy
equipment coming our way, so we left and were not there when whatever it was arrived."

        Highlights of Ragsdale's financial deal with the Roswell International UFO Museum
were revealed in the July 1995 issue of SUN (#34) .. Under 1he terms of the memorandum· of
agreement, written by Littell and dated Sept. 10, 1994, the Roswell museum gained exclusive
rights to produce and sell a booklet and video on Ragsdale's tale as well as souvenirs such as
T-shirts, with 25% of the gross income going to Ragsdale and 75% to the museum. Under the
agreement, "any designation of the impact site, and all material relating thereto will be designated
as 'The Jim Ragsdale incident and site.'"

FRIEDMAN         ENDORSES    NEW RAGSDALE            SITE WITHOUT ANY INVESTIGATION

        Stanton T. Friedman, WhC?.boasts or his scieotific approach to investigatiog UFO claims,
ioterviewed Ragsdale ooce on Sept. 3, 1994, and io July of 1995 watched a receot brief video-
taped loterview made shortly before Ragsdale's death. Based on this, Friedmu offered the
following assessment when interviewed for "The Jim Ragsdale Story• videotape sold by the
museum: "Over the years I have developed a kind of approach to things. I learned the hard way that
you nud to verify. I was impressed with his story .... / have no reason to doubt it and certainly there
wasn't a profit motive here." _(Emphasis added.) Friedman's views may stem from his animosity
toward Randle who bas characterized the Friedman-endorsed MJ -12 papers as counterfeit.
                                             -3-                                        May 1997

      JOURNALIST      BILL BARRETT INVESTIGATES               AND FINDS SERIOUS          FLAWS

       Albuquerque journalist William P. BarTelt spent some time researching the Roswell
Incident for an article for the July 15, 1996, issue of Forbes magazine (which was headlined:
•unidentified Flying Dollars•) and an article for the Albuquerque newspaper Crosswinds.
BUTett decided to Interview persons who bad lived near the Ragsdale impact site. Following
are representative comments as reported by BarTelt In his August 1996 article in Crosswinds:

•       Dorothy Epps, whose family owned land only one-half mile from the Ragsdale site: •J'm
quite sure we would have heard about it if it were true. It's all a hoax. •

•      Bill Edgar, who worked as a farm band near the Ragsdale site in 1947: •It never
happened. I never heard about saucers or soldiers moving around. •

•
                                                                                .
         Kenny Schear, manager of the nearby Armstrong ranch who arrived in 1955: •I've talked
to all the oldtimers over the years. I think it'i the biggest damned joke I've ever heard. •

        BarTett learned that none of the above had been interviewed by museum officials.
BarTett also interviewed Ragsdale's former wife, Vennie Scott, who divorced him after 40 years
of maniage. Although they were manied in 1953- -only six years after the alleged incident-·
she said that be bad never told her about a crashed saucer, but she said she once beard her
husband, while dnink, tell the tale to a friend. Ragsdale's daughter Judy Lott, who is featured
in the video and booklet sold by the Roswell museum and whose children will benefit from the
royalties, endorses her father's tale.

Effort To Rebut McCoy Letter To Prevent More Roswell Defections

       Because a Nov. 8, 1948, letter signed by Col. H.M. McCoy bas been a key factor in
prompting two leading Roswell researchers--Karl Pflock and Kent Jeffrey--to become crashed-
saucer skeptics, the Hynek Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS) tries to rebut the McCoy letter
In the Spring 1997 issue of its International UFO Reporter (IUR). The lengthy article was
authored by Michael D. Swords, a member of the board of directors of CUFOS which has
vigorously supported the crashed- UFO hypothesis.

       At the time McCoy's Nov. 8, 1948, letter was written he was Chief of the Intelligence
Dept. for the USAF's Air Materiel Command (AMC), headed by Lt. Gen. Nathan Twining and
located at Wright· Patterson Air Force Base (WPAFB) in Dayton, Ohio. At that time WPAFB
housed the largest conc.P.ntration of USAF technical · specialists and laboratories and McCoy's
department contained the largest group of technical intelligence experts In the USAF. If debris
from an unusual craft had been recovered in New Mexico in mid-1947, it would certainly have
been sent to WPAFB for analysis by its technical experts. Swords does not question that
Twining, McCoy and Maj. Gen. C.P. Cabell, USAF's Director of Intelligence in the Pentagon--
whose Nov. 3, 1948, inquiry prompted McCoy's Nov. 8 reply- -had •Top Secret• clearances.
However, Swords does question whether McCoy and Cabell had the requisite •need-to-know.•

        If the unusual characteristics of the debris indicated that it came from an ET craft. this
plus the hundreds of UFO-siglrtint ' reports in 1947 would ban prompted Twining- -and
Pentagon officials--to suspect that ETs were reconnoitering U.S. defenses preparatory to an
attack. Twining would certainly have informed the Pentagon of this concern so it could alert
President Truman, and would have recommended a crash program to try to devise possible
defenses. Col. McCoy would have been derelict in his duties if be failed to closely monitor the
situation and keep Twining Informed. Less than six years earlier, Army and Navy commanders
at Pearl Harbor bad failed to react properly to the possibility of Japanese attack- -with
disastrous consequences both for the nation and the two commanders.


          '.
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                          -4-                                             May 1997

       The Swords IU K article cites the "Estimate or the Situation• report, prepared by
McCoy's Air Technical lntelligence Center (A TIC) in the early fall or 1948, which suggested
that some UFOs might be ET craft. The report, classified "Top Secret; eventually reached
USAF Chief or Starr Gen. Hoyt Vandenberg. Swords says the report •was batted down as
unacceptable, • and cites as his source Capt. Edward Ruppelt- ·who would later head the USAF's
Project Blue Book effort. In fact, according to Ruppelt's book "The Report On Unidentified
Flying Objects" (p. 45): "The general wouldn't buy interplanetary vehicles. The report lacked
proof. A group from ATIC went to the Pentagon to bolster their position but had no luck, the Chief
of Staff just couldn't be convinced. • (Emphasis added.)

        Surely ir AMC's technical experts had spent more than a .year in analyzing the debris
from a crashed saucer, they would have much hard data to demonstrate that the material could
not possibly have been made on Earth. They could have brought a small sample or the
(allegedly) unusual roil to show to Gen. Vandenberg. U even one ET body bad been recovered.
a few photos would have convinced Vandenberg. Certainly the USAF's Chief or Starr bad a
"need-to· know. • l!ut S~ords. having foiled to guote Ruppe It acr..nratt;!L._ ignores !!Uch issues.

Maj. Gen. Cabell Seeks .. Conclusive Evidence .. To Identify UFOs

        On Nov. 3, 1948, following Vandenberg's rejection of the Estimate of the Situation
report, Maj. Gen. Cabell·· USAF's Director of Intelligence in Washington· -wrote to the
Commanding General, Air Materiel Command·· Lt. Gen. Twining·· as follows:

( 1)   By letter dated 30 December 1947 from the Director of Research and Development,
Headquarters USAF, your Headquarters was required to establish Project •SIGN. • [The project was
intended to determine what UFOs were.]

(2)     The conclusion appears inescapable that some type of flying object has been observed.
Identification and the origin of these objects is not discernible to this Headquarters. It is
imperative, therefore, that efforts to determine whether these objects are of domestic or foreign
origin must be increased until conclusive evidence is obtained. The needs of national defense require
such evidence in order that appropriate countermeasures may be taken. (Emphasis added.)

(3)     In addition to the imperative need for evidence to permit countermeasures, is the necessity
of informing the public as to the status of the problem. To date there has been too little data to
present to the public.... Silence on our part will not long be acceptable.

(4)      Request immediate .information as to your conclusions to date and your recommendations as
to the information to be given to the press ...

Col. McCoy's Nov. 8. 1947, Response

       Following are the "crashed-saucer-related" highlights or a 2-1/2 page letter signed by
Col. McCoy and dated Nov. 8, 1947, which responded to Gen. Cabell's Nov. 3 letter:

           •In attempting to arrive at conclusions as to the nature of unidentified flying object incidents
in the United States, this command has made a study of approximately 180 such incidents. Data
derived from initial reports have been supplemented by further information ... from interrogations of
other field agencies, and by personal investigation by personnel of this Command in the case of
incidents that seem to indicate the possibility of obtaining particularly significant informa-
tion .... Some of the objects sighted have definitely been identified, upon further investigation, as
weather or upper air scientific balloons of some type .... Some of the objects have been identified as
being astro-physical in nature. For example, in daylight sightings, the planet Venus has been
reported as a round, silvery object at extremely high altitude... (Emphasis added.)
    ...
 keptics UFO Newsletter                            -S-                                             May 1997

         •Although explanation of many of the incidents can be obtained from the investigations
described above, there remains a certain number of reports for which no reasonable everyday
explanation is available. So far. no physical evidence of the existence o( the unidentified sightings
has been obtained... .All information that has been made available to this Headquarters indicates that
the discs, the cigar shaped objects, and the "balls of light" are not of domestic origin .... The possibility
that the reported objects are vehicles (rom another planet has not been ignored. However, tangible
evidence to support conclusions about such a possibility are completely lacking ... (Emphasis added .)

        "There is as yet no conclusive proof that unidentified flying objects, other than those which
are known to be balloons. are real aircraft. Although it is obvious that some types of flying objects
have been sighted, the exact nature of those objects cannot be established until physical evidence,
such as that which would result (rom a crash. has been obtained... • (Emphasis added.)

Swords Claims That McCoy's Letter Does Not "Negate Roswell ..

         In Swords' fUR arlicle~ - he writes: "It is my opinion that, though interesting, the McCoy
letter has nothing to do with the Roswell incident, although it is understandable that people who have
not studied the context from which the letter arises might think that it does. • (Emphasis added.)
Although Project Sign had been created to try to identify the reportedly mysterious vehicles
that were penetrating U.S. airspace, Swords concludes that its analysts were never told about
the Roswell crashed saucer recovery. Swords claims that "Project Sign was set up to conduct, as
traditionally as possible, T-2 intelligence gathering and analysis of reported incidents of U.S.
(and other) airspace violations. • (Emphasis added.) But he fails to document his claim that
Project Sign analysts were instructed to investigate "as traditionally as possible" and IGNORE
physical crashed-saucer evidence which could quickly resolve the UFO mystery.

       Swords writes: "Everything that I have read in the available Sign and Pentagon documents
seems consistent with a technological problem that was taken seriously, with certain top-secret facts
known only to a very few individuals at high levels and in specific locations. • If UFOs, including
crashed ones, were classified "Top Secret; Gen. Cabell, as the USAF's Director of Intelligence,
and McCoy both had the requisite clearances and need-to-know. Cabell's Nov. 3 letter could
have been classified "Top Secret; if its contents so required. Instead of pressing AMC to
determine what UFOs were, Cabell would have pressed AMC to develop techniques to discrim-
inate between UFOs which bad prosaic explanations and those which were ET craft- -to enable
the Pentagon to better assess the potential threat and their lik.ely targets.

        In the IUR article, Swords asks: "Would McCoy himself have known? Well, maybe or
ma)•be not. If he did /;now (as chief of T-2 in July 1947), would he have insisted on inserting
that knowledge suddenly into this Project Sign response to Cabell? Hardly. • Swords suspects that
McCoy would knowingly have lied to a high -ranking superior officer, risking dismissal from the
USAF. Recognizing the irrationality of this hypothesis, Swords comments: "/think that it's just
as easy to imagine that Colonel McCoy was not in on Roswell. Surprising as that might sound, I
believe it is defensible. • Swords explains that Roswell debris would have been tak.en to
laboratories located at Wright Field, while McCoy and A TIC were located at Patterson Field.
Swords fails to mention that A TIC was only a tO-minute drive away from Wright Field's labs.

        Swords' article goes in"t o .muf:b detail on the early history or the uSAF's investigations
into UFOs. But he does not mention the letter of Gen. Twining, dated Sept. 23, 1947, written
less than three months after the Roswell incident. Twining's letter, which provided AMC's
current opinion of what UFOs might be, was in response to a request from Brig. Gen. George
Scbulgen, a top USAF intelligence official in the Pentagon. In Twining's letter he cited "fu
lack of physical evidence in the shape o( crash recovered exhibits which would undeniably prove the
existence o( these objects. • - It is not surprising that Swoi-ds opted not to mention this Twining
letter in his IUR article because it would corroborate McCoy's Nov. 8, 1948, statements .
     ...
                                                                                                          -
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                         -6-                                           May 1997

        Swords concludes his IUR article as follows: •Jn summary, the Roswell incident may
yet rise or fall, but not on the basis of McCoy's November 8 letter... .l find it astounding
how often people are willing to grab onto any (often flimsy) item to debunk the case. It
is not only the Air Force and Philip Klass-tvpe skeptics who do this. but many allegedly
sympathetic ufologists as well. • [Emphasis added.]

      SWORDS SEEMINGLY PREFERS TO BASE HIS VIEWS OF THE ROSWELL
INCIDENT ON WHAT HE CONSIDERS TO BE "LESS FLIMSY" EVIDENCE--THE TALES
TOLD BY JIM RAGSDALE AND FRANK KAUFMANN, AND THE NURSE/ET-AUTOPSY
TALE OF MORTICIAN GLENN DENNIS.

Words Of Great Wisdom From A "Cosmic Messiah ..

         •As the old order of the world all around us is collapsing, and as a new order, however
embryonic, is evolving, we stand at a point in history of great potentiality. These potentialities
include, but are not lhtited to, the integration of human ci!•ili:t.aticn into an interplanetary
civilization,· the development of means of communication and travel. which will dwarf ·current human
capabilities; and the exploration of a unity in consciousness which transcends both the relative
differences amongst ourselves and between various planetary species. It is imperative that those who
wish to join in this visionary, 11nd yet pr11ctical, endeavor, continue to prepare themselves and their
colleagues for further potential [extraterrestrial J contact. Given a correct setting and an adequately
motivated and trained group, it is our assessment that the possibility for an [ETJ landing and on-
board encounter is very high. While the precise timing of this is not known, we can discern that it
is relatively near...

         •Jt should be pointed out that [our1 goals of establishing working groups of individuals
capable of significant Close Encounters of the 5th Kind [i.e., observer- invited contact] has reached
its ten year goal point in one and a half years ... with vision and perserverance, we can create a new
reality, a reality which includes the empowerment of humans to enter into a sustainable relationship
with other planetary life forms .... Of greatest importance at this time is the evolution of cohesive
unified teams which are competent to fully participate in a high level Close Encounter of the 5th
Kind, to include a landing and an on-board (and possibly o(( -planet) experience .... To this end [we
are 1 increasingly dedicated to sponsoring extensive training sessions lasting days, and in the future,
hopefully weeks so that people will be adequately prepared... we must also appreciate that we are
laying the foundation for a future interplanetary unity ... " [Emphasis added .]

        This cosmic wisdom comes from Dr. Steven M. Greer, International Director of Center
for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CSETI), who aspires to become the nation's most
prominent pro- UFO spokesmaa. A recent Greer _pronounce~ent: "The time has come for the
world to know that we are not alone in this vast universe. The era of excessive secrecy. which is
so corrosive to a free and democratic society, must end. • '


CSETI BARS SUN's EDITOR FROM ITS WASHINGTON PRESS BRIEFING

        To publicize Greer's efforts to get Congress to bold bearings on his charges or
government UFO cover-up, CS~Tif held a •press briefing• at the Westin Hotel in Washington
D.C. on April 10. But CSETI officials refused to admit SUN's editor to bear seven witnesses
describe their (alleged) UFO encounters while in military service- -tales that Greer claims they
are eager to tell if Congress holds an open bearing. (MUFON press briefings are open to all
media, Including SUN.) CSETI spokesmen said that attendance at the press briefing was •only
by Invitation, • and we had not been invited· ·despite the fact that we bad made a modest
financial contribution to .CSETI last year in response to its fund-raising drive. Furthermore,
they would not even allow us to stand in the ball, 20 feet away from the briefing room, and
called the hotel security · chief to force us to go upstairs to the maio hotel lobby.
                                              -7-                                         Mav 1997

        Several members of Congress and about a dozen Congressional staffers reportedly
showed up for a CSETI briefing on April 9. Apollo astronaut Edgar Mitchell, with a long-
standing interest In far-out subjects, introduced and praised Greer but admitted be bad not
himself seen any UFOs. Other speakers included a retired Navy officer who reported once
seeing a glowing green object emerge from the ocean. The most startling tale came from a man
from Atlanta who claimed he bad been kidnapped by the USAF, taken to Area 51 and forced
to repair a captured flying saucer. Greer decided that the saucer repairman's tale was a bit too
wild to include in the press briefing on April 10. Greer also withheld from the media that be
believes he was given crashed UFO-debris by a Los Alamos scientist. which allegedly has been
analyzed by a Pentagon scientist and found to exhibit amazing levitation properties.

        One Congressional staffer who attended the April 9 briefing offered the following
comment: "Typical UFO tales like the hundreds you find in the old Project Blue Book files, with a
few that seem inspired by the X -Files TV show. • But a young female staffer was quite impressed.
One reporter said be round the CSETI briefing "about as interesting and informative as watching
a chicken lay an egg.• Ho~•ever,' be said that Greer "has great charisma, as do all cult leaders. •

Roswell Plans Big Bash To Celebrate 50th Anniversary Of .. UFO Crash ..

       Tens or thousands of people are expected to deluge Roswell during its week-long
"Roswell UFO Encounter '97" celebration to be held July 1-6. The city's roughly 1,000 hotel
rooms have been sold out since February. Other visitors must stay in towns up to 100 miles
away and commute daily. The carnival-like festival is slated to include an all-night rock-music
concert on July 5th. A two-page feature article on the event in the Mar. 31 issue of U.S. News
& World Report quoted mortician Glenn Dennis- -who now heads the Roswell International UFO
Museum and Research Center- -as saying: "It makes the whole UFO phenomenon look real cheap. •

        The dozen invited conference speakers will cover a wide spectrum of subjects, ranging
from Erich von Daniken, who claims "Ancient Astronauts" helped build the pyramids, to Linda
Moulton Howe, who promotes the idea that ETs kill and mutilate cattle· -possibly because they
like to eat their rectums and sex organs. Independence Day (July 4th) lectures, ironically, will
focus on tales of UFO abductions by Budd Hopkins, Dr. John E. Mack and Whitley Strieber.
Strieber, who is a "frequent flyer of abductees," also will be the featured speaker at the July
4th banquet which will be held in an old hangar at the former Roswell Army Air Field. Only
two of the 12 speakers are Roswell crashed-saucer specialists: Donald Schmitt and Stanton
Friedman. (The list of speakers says Friedman is "recognized as the most trusted scientific
ufologist in North America. • . SUN would add: "And the most modest.") Roswell researcher Karl
Pflock, who has recently publicly renounced his eariier belief that a UFO crashed near Roswell
[SUN #43/Jan. 19971 and Kevin Randle, who has challenged the Ragsdale impact site, were not
invited to be conference speakers. However, Pfiock and Randle will debate on July 2, at 8 p.m.,
at the UFO Enigma Museum, Roswell's other major museum, operated by John Price.

WHAT REALLY CRASHED NEAR ROSWELL- -FREQUENTLY

        Those who visit the planetarium on Roswell's Main Street to see the movie •The Great
UFO Mystery• will have the oppo~nity to see debris from "space vehicles• that are known to
have crashed near Roswell. The planetarium's name will be unfamiliar to many visitors: Robert
H. Goddard- -America's rocket pioneer wbo helped launch the U.S.Into the Space Age. In 1930,
Goddard moved bis rocket lab and test facility from Massachusetts to a much less populated
area--a ranch near Roswell. There be could more safely test-rare and fly bis experimental
rockets which often crashed. SUN hopes that some or those who visit tbe planetarium to see
the UFO movie will take a few minutes to view the reconstructed Goddard machine shop and
examine some of his early rockets, Including crash debris. SUN suspects that few visitors, eager
to see the UFO movie, will even notice a ·Goddard rocket standing outside the planetarium.
.·                                                                                                                              -

 Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                    -8-                                                   May 1997

     Short Shrift

 •      A superb commentary on California's UFO colts, authored by Joel Acbenbacb, was
 featured lu tbe April 13 editiou of Tbe Washington Post. Tbe headline was • ALMOST
 BEAVEN" and tbe sub-bead read: •Maybe Tbere IS Something Out Tbere, Bebiud tbe Comet.
 No, Not Alieus. Something More Nebulous. Call It Faitb." One of Acbeobacb's more astute
 observations, after loterviewlog many UFO colt leaders: •Aliens are angels with a scientific
 ~· • Because of tbe tales told by some UFO-abdoctioo gurus, sucb as Budd Hopkins, SUN
 would amend Acbeobacb's comment slightly: "Aliens are angels or demons with a scientific
 ~· • In tbe article, Acbeobacb nports: •Jn January several cultists, including leader White-
     apple, paid $3,600 for a computerized telescope with a 10-inch mirror. They used it to look at Comet
     Hale-Bopp, and search for the 'companion object.'" Wbeo tbey failed to see aoy UFO, "they
     returned the telescope to the store and asked (or their money back, • according to Achenbach.

     •      Two populp UFO- abduction bCtoks were found in the library of the ill- fat_!!d Heavens
     Gate cult, according to Achenbach: "Abduction: Human EncoUnters With Aliens," by Harvard
     University's Dr. John Mack, and "Secret Lives" by Temple University professor David Jacobs.
     SUN Comment: Regrettably the cult's library did not include my book debunking tales of UFO
     abduction. Its preface concluded with the following caveat: "UFO-Abductions: A Dangerous
     Game is the story of how the relatively harmless UFO myth has become a dangerous cult. It is a cult
     that threatens the mental health, perhaps even the life, of those who unwittingly become participants. •

     *       Budd Hopkins Plays Hooky In London: Tbe popular British magazine Fortean Times
     agreed to tbe request of Budd Hopk.ins' publicist tbat be be added to tbe list of speakers at tbe
     magazine's two-day conference io Loudon, April 19-20. Hopkins was io Loudon to promote tbe
     just-published British edition of bis new book, "WITNESSED: Tbe True Story of tbe Brook..lyo
     Bridge UFO Abductions• (SUN #42/Nov. 1996]. Otber UFO speakers Included: Patrick Huyghe
     (pronounced •Wbee"), Jim Moseley (editor of tbe popular Saucer Smear newsletter), SUN's
     editor, and two prominent British UFOiogists: Hilary Evaos and Jenny Randles. All of tbe
     UFO speakers, plus Dennis Stacy (editor of tbe MUFON UFO Journal) were also scheduled to
     participate io a panel discussion on tbe second day- -but Hopk.ins opted not to attend. A written
     statement by Hopkins, read by Huygbe, explained wby: "Many years ago I resolved never to
     appear on a TV program. a radio or con (erence panel with Philip Klass. due to my objections to his
     behavior with those reporting UFO abduction experiences. Mr. Klass is aware of my policy but
     perhaps the organizers of this conference are not. I regret that I can not appear on Sunday's
     discussion panel and hope that this will not cause inconvenience to those attending ... • Wben Huyghe
     finished reading Hopk.ins' statement, some members of tbe audience booed loudly.

     *       SUN's Editor's Responded: '/find this ironic bectwse when I was invited to speak here I
     considered focusing my lecture on debunking- -rebutting- -the now- famous Budd Hopkins I Linda
     Corti/e "beam-me-up-Scotty" case featured in his new book .... Shortly, /learned that Hopkins would
     be here and would be on the panel. So I decided it would be in bad taste for me to sharply criticize
     his work [in my main talk which immediately followed Hopkins' lecture] .... One final comment: I
     do agree with Budd Hopkins that this case is the most impressive of all UFO-abduction cases. I
     believe it to be a hoax. But I do not--and/ underline NOT--believe that Budd Hopkins is the
     hoaxer. I believe Hopkins to be the victim.. At tbe conclusion or tbe friendly ODe-boor panel
     discussion, moderator lao Simmens rc:riticized Hopkins for "lack of courage and conviction to show
     up and face the music. We'd like to ask him some questions ... •
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     NOTE: Opinions expressed in SUN are those or its Editor--unless otherwise noted--and do not necessarily reprucnt the
     views aC any organization with wbicb be is affiliated--or bis spouse. We thank Dr. Gary Posner for help in proofreading.

     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     SKEPTICS UFO NEWSLETTER (SUN) IS PUBLISHED BIMONTHLY. SUBSCRIPTION
     RATE (SIX ISSUES) IS $15/YEAR FOR U.S./CANADA. OVERSEAS RATE (AIRMAIL) IS
     $20/YEAR. (PLEASE MAKE CHECK/MONEY ORDER PAYABLE TO PHILIP J. KLASS.)
