{"created_utc": "2026-09-19T11:49:26Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 504451, "source_ctime_ns": 1788579239205717551, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-39-May-1996-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788579239187568701, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-39-May-1996-.pdf", "source_sha256": "e6e1c05bf0bb05c35bd5acf8ef00ecbf6d25337b52d61ad342a80e3384bff56d"}

S      KEPTICS
            By Philip J. Klass
                                 uco ~~
                                                 NEWSLETTER
                                                404 "N" Sl. SW Washti7g/on DC 20024
                                                                                                      SUN #39

                                                                                                      May 1996

                                                                                                      Copyright
                                                                                                      (1996)


            Once "SECRET" 1948 Papers Reveal Air Force Intelligence Official's
 '
./
            Complaint About Lack Of Crashed Saucer To Help Identify UFOs

                    wi CAN'T EVEN TELL YOU HOW MUCH WE WOULD GIVE TO HAVE ONE OF THOSE
            fUFOs 1 CRASH IN AN AREA SO THAT WE COULD RECOVER WHATEVER THEY ARE."
            This statement, from Col. H.M. McCoy, chief of intelligence for the USAF's Air Materiel
            Command at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base (in Dayton, Ohio), was made in his lengthy
            briefing of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board on March 17, 1948--lessthan nine months
            after it is claimed that the Air Force recovered a crashed saucer near Roswell. N .M. Minutes
            of the meeting. originally classified SECRET. have recently been declassified.

                    The Ai~ Foret' Scbntif!c Ach•is<.ry Board (AFSA.B), ior::ned in mid·~ !>45 ·u> cffe:- guldance
            on challenging scientific issues, consisted of 31 of the nation's top scientists and technologists.
            Initial and subsequent members would include such eminent scientists as Dr. Theodore von
            Karman, Dr. Edward Teller. Dr. Hans A. Bethe. Dr. Enrico Fermi, Dr. Irving Langmuir, Dr.
            Vladimir K. Zwarykin, Dr. Detlev W. Bronk. and Dr. James ("Capt. Jimmy") Doolittle. If the
            debris recovered from the •Macw Brazel ranch in New Mexico had all the mysterious properties
            that some persons now claim, this should have been the highest-priority issue presented to the
            AFSAB when it met in the Pentagon on March 17, 1948.

                    But in fact it was not until late in Col. McCoy's presentation to the AFSAB that he got
            around to discussing UFOs: "We have a new project--Project SJGN--whichmay surprise you as a
            development from the so-called mass hysteria of the past summer when we had all the unidentified
            flying objects or discs. This can't be laughed off. We have over 300 reports which haven't been
            publicized in the papers from very competent personnel, in many instances- -men as capable as Dr.
            K.D. Wood- -and practically all Air Force, airline people with broad experience. We are running
            down every report. I can't even tell you how much we would give to have one of those crash in an
            area so that we could recover whatever they are. •

     ' ·,    UFOLOGIST MACCABEE CHALLENGES McCOY's STATEMENT
     i

                        Long-time UFO researcher Dr. Bruce S. Maccabee questions the new evidence and offers
             two alternative es:planations for McCoy's statement: (1) McCoy- -the USAF's top technical
             intellig~~"'-CP. ~ffidaJ- 7 was ~ot !!W~tre of the de~ris :rec~vered !'rem the Br-~el ra.::ch, m· (2)
             McCoy k.new about the incident wbut he lied about it."

                     Those who claim that debris from a flying saucer was recovered from the Brazel ranch
             also claim that the debris was sent to Wright- Patterson Air Force Base (WPAFB) for analysis.
             If so, Col. McCoy would have been responsible for directing the analysis. During McCoy's
             March 17 AFSAB briefing he reported: "We only have one recent item of captured equipment, which
             is a Russian IL-7 aircraft which crash-landed in Korea a few months ago .... We have gone over that
             with a fine-toothed comb .... It is a type (of) aircraft very similar to our P-47... •

                     IF McCoy "lied" to the AFSAB, then he also lied to Maj. Gen. C.P. Cabell, the USAF's
             Director of Intelligence. In a TOP ~ECRET memorandum dated Oct. 11, 1948, Col. McCoy was
             informed that Gen. Cabell hadr'1-eguested an "exhaustive study of all information" available on
             UFOs to assess what they might be. In a letter dated Nov. 3, 1948, Gen. Cabell pressured AMC
             for a response. On Nov. 8, 1948, Col. McCoy responded, saying: "... the exact nature of these
             objects cannot be established until physical evidence, such as that which would result (rom a crash.
             has been obtained. w [Emphasis added.) [SUN #29/Sept. 1994].
     Skeptics UFO Newsletter                         -2-                                           May 1996


.\   Mysterious Green Fireballs, UFOs, And The .. Roswell Incident ..

             In Gen. Cabell's Nov. 3, 1948, letter to the Air Materiel Command's commanding general,
     be said: •Jt is imperative, therefore, that efforts to determine whether these objects {UFOs]
     are of domestic or foreign origin must be increased until conclusive evidence is obtained. The
     needs of national defense require such evidence in order that appropriate countermeasures may
     be taken [i.e., develop suitable defenses.)"

              In late 1948, there was a rash of reported sigbtings of a new type of "UFO" in the skies
     of New Mexico, described as "green fireballs." Understandably, these attracted the attention
     of Pentagon intelligence officials because of the important military and nuclear research
     facilities in New Mexico. IF top Pentagon officials knew that an extraterrestrial craft had
     crashed near Roswell in mid-1947, there would be reason to fear that· the· green firebali/UFOs
     might beET weapons and precursors of an ET attack. This should have prompted the Pentagon
     to try to develop surface-to-air and air-to-air missiles, that hopefully could shoot down the ET
     intruders.

            Quite the opposite occulTed. As of March 1947- -prior to the Roswell Incident- -the
     USAF had a contract with General Electric- -called Project Thumper- -to develop a ground-
     based missile to intercept and destroy a small hypersonic ballistic missile warhead. By March
     1948, nine months after the Roswell Incident, the USAF had canceled this project. As of July
     1, 1947, the USAF had two companies under contract to develop supersonic air- to- air missiles:
     General Electric and Ryan Aeronautical. By March of 1948, both programs bad been
     terminated.


     USAF SUSPECTED GREEN FIREBALLS MIGHT BE SOVIET WEAPONS

             The numerous reports from New Mexico of green fireballs on horizontal trajectories
     prompted USAF fears that the objects might be Soviet rocket weapons. It was known that the
     USSR bad developed short-range military rockets during World War II and that after the war
     they bad captured a number of scientists involved in Germany's V · 2 rocket· powered missile
     program. An investigation by Dr. Lincoln La Paz, director of the University of New Mexico's
     Institute of Meteoritics, prompted him to conclude that the green fireballs were "man-made"
     objects and not ordinary meteors because of their borizontal trajectory, the relatively slow
     velocity, and the absence of any sound or persistent ionization trail. This prompted the USAF
                                                                                                               '- ·
     to classify its green fireball
                                .
                                    investhiation
                                             .
                                                  •sECRET.
                                                    I
                                                           •

             The . results of a further investigation conducted by Dr. J osepb · Kaplan, University · of
     California at Los Angeles (UCLA), were reported by him at the Nov. 3, 1949, meeting of
     AFSAB. According to recently declassified minutes of that AFSAB meeting, Kaplan reported
     that his investigation into 46 reported sightings of green fireballs suggested they were a rare
     type of meteor, which had been observed elsewhere in the U.S. and on more traditional vertical
     trajectories.

             One possible explanation for why so many of the green fireballs had been sighted over
     New Mexico, suggested by Dr. Kaplan, was "the extrordinary fine visibility in that region and the
     fact that a greater number of people than ever before are looking at the skies in that area. Dr. Teller
     seems to agree... • Another possible f,xplanation was offered by Dr. Norris E. Bradbury of the
     Los Alamos National Laboraiot1es.           He noted that there were many military and nuclear
     research facilities which employed numerous security guards: •security guards see these things
     at night because it is their business to be out on guard duty at night, and the number of these people
     has increased greatly in New Mexico in the last couple of years."

                                                                                                                ·--

           "'
    Skeptics UFO Newsletter                         -3-                                            May 1996

    The "Top Secret" 1948 "Estimate of the [UFO] Situation ..

            In an effort to dismiss Col. McCoy's statement at the March 17, 1948, meeting of
    AFSAB, Maccabee claims: "About five months later, according to Capt. E.J. Ruppelt [who headed
    Project Blue Book from early 1951 to September 1953] the legendary 'Estimate of the Situation'
    was written by Air Technical Intelligence, quite probably by Col. McCoy and others working with
    him. According to Ruppelt it proposed that flying saucers were ET craft. This claim was based on
    sighting reports, according to Ruppelt... " [Emphasis added.]      IN OTHER WORDS, THE
    •ESTIMATE OF THE SITUATION• REPORT MADE NO MENTION OF A CRASHED
    SAUCER HAVING BEEN RECOVERED BARELY ONE YEAR EARLIER AT ROSWELL.

            This is confirmed by former Maj. Dewey Fournet, who was the Project Blue Book liaison
    officer in the Pentagon. In a letter dated May 23, 1992, to UFO-researcher Jim Meliscuic,
    Fournet said he had "inherited a copy when I became program monitor.... It recapped all seemingly
    unexplainable UFO reports received by the Air Force to that time. It very explicitly mentioned that
    absolutely no artifacts had been recovered." [Emphasis added.]
                              .
            It is there:ore not surprising that USAF Chief-of-Starr Gen Hoyt S. Vandenberg
    rejected the •Estimate of the Situation." According to Ruppelt, Gen. Vandenberg "wouldn't buy
    interplanetary vehicles. The report lacked proof."

           IF debris from an ET craft had been recovered barely a year before, near Roswell, why
    did the author(s) of the •Estimate of the Situation• report fail to mention this important fact
    which could prove their claim that some UFOs are ET craft? SUN suggests several possibilities:

    •      Even though USAF Chief-of-Starr Gen. Vandenberg was cleared for wTOP SECRET,"
    the author(s) questioned whether he had a •Need-to-Know."

    •      The autbor(s) of the report had very short memories and completely forgot that an ET
    craft with alien bodies bad been recovered a year before near Roswell.

    •      The author(s) wanted to conserve paper and felt too much space was needed to describe
    the Roswell Incident and all the advanced technology knowledge that had been gained.

    •      The autbor(s) feared the •ToP SECREr report would fall into the bands of the USSR
    and that the Soviets migb~ reveal the •truth• to the American public.

                                       ' -
                                       ,/


x   ·rviacc~.bt:e'-s · "Quae Probao'ly ., ·Claim Is· 'Ainlosi Certainly Wrong

            What about Maccabee's ' claim that the "Estimate of the Situation" report, sent to USAF
    headquarters in Washington for Gen. Vandenberg, "quite probably" was written by Col. McCoy?
    According to Ruppelt; the report was sent to the Pentagon in late September of 1948. Yet only
    a few weeks later, on Nov. 8. 1948, Col. McCoy wrote a letter dealing with UFOs, addressed to
    USAF Chief-of-Staff Vandenberg, classified "SECRET." Excerpts from McCoy's three-page
    letter include the following:

             "In attempting to arrive at conclusions as to the nature of unidentified flying object incidents
    in the United States, this Command ?'!s made a study of approximately 180 such incidents .... The
    possibility that the reported object! are vehicles from another planet has not been ignored. However,
    tangible evidence to support conclusions about such a possibility are completely lacking ....Although
    it is obvious that some types of flying objects have been sighted, the exact nature of those objects
    cannot be established until physical evidence. such as that which would result (rom a crash. has been
    obtained. • [Emphasis added.]


          "'
               ,. "
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                       -4-                                          May 1996


NOV A Rebuts Hopkins. Mack Criticism Of Abduction Documentary

        Ms. Denise Dilanni, producer of the recent NOV A "Kidnapped by UFOs?" TV documenta-
ry, has provided a very revealing response on the World Wide Web to sharp criticism by UFO-
abduction gurus Budd Hopkins and Harvard psychiatrist Dr. John Mack [SUN #38/Mar. 1996].
In Hopkins' widely publicized criticism, he characterized the NOVA show as •a polemic having
absolutely nothing to do with scientific investigation. • Hopkins also accused NOV A of "having
declined to employ any scientifically valid ,testil)g."

        Dilanni responded to these charges as follows: • In interviews and in writing, and
specifically in a letter sent October 17, 1995, we offered several abduction proponents the
opportunity to have NOVA hire independent scientists to examine anv physical evidence (rom a
current case. We went so far as to offer to perform an MRI or other radiological tests (with the
approval of a physician) in cases of alleged nasal implants. We were not taken up on our offer, and
it was further suggested that the aliens are too smart to let. such evidence (all into our hands. •
[E?'phasis . added.] Recently, !oo:is. · Diianni iolci SUN that rlopkins now denies ever having
received such an offer. But she added that the Oct. 17 letter was sent to Hopkins via certified
mail and by fax, with a follow-up telephone call to be sure he had received the offer.

        Dilanni's World Wide Web response added: "One MIT physicist, a fervent proponent in alien
abductions and in the process of scientific inquiry, has confirmed that there is not one, single,
independently confirmed piece of scientific evidence for an alien abduction. Not one. • [SUN Note:
The MIT physicist is Dr. David E. Pritchard, who has analyzed several alleged "alien implants."]


NOT THE FIRST TIME THAT HOPKINS DECLINED REQUEST FOR EVIDENCE

        At the 1992 MUFON conference in Albuquerque at which Hopkins spoke, Dr. Richard
M. Neal--a California gynecologist and long-time pro- UFO researcher- -presented a paper
challenging the frequent claims made by Hopkins, and his principal deputy David Jacobs, that
ETs implant women with alien sperm, and later return to remove the unborn fetus. Dr. Neal
asked: "Jt?Jy do some of our top researchers say they have numerous cases in their files related to
Missing Embryo I Fetus Syndrome, yet they fail to produce anything that can be investigated or
documented when questioned thoroughly?" [SUN #17/Sept. 1992]. When Hopkins and Jacobs
failed to respond to Neal's _challenge, he later offered to pay $500 for "any case that shows
without a reasonable doubt that a female abductee has had a missing pregnancy. • At the time of
Dr. Neal's death last year, neither Hopkins nor Jacobs had resp~nded to this offer- -so far as
is known. -

        On the World Wide Web, NOVA producer Dilanni explained: "In our film, we take on the
challenge of Harvard psychiatrist John Mack who says that abduction stories must be true, for there
are no alternative explanations for even a single abduction case. NOVA turns to a panel of experts
from sciences and social sciences to learn what they have to say about the phenomenon. With expert
testimony from Carl Sagan, from repressed memory researcher Elizabeth Loftus, Pulitzer prize
winning cult investigator Richard O(she, and many others, our program spins an original answer to
the question of what really might be behind the strange, sad stories told by alien abductees."

New A& E Cable TV Show ,,
                       Likely To Irritate Hopkins. Jacobs And Mack
                               . .·""
                                                                               '


        Hopkins, Jacobs and Mack are not likely to be pleased with a two- hour TV show, "Where
Are All The UFOs?," which is to debut on May 12 on the A&E cable network, because it also
dares to offer a prosaic possible explanation for some UFO abduction tales. Dr. Michael
Persinger, a Canadian neuro-scientist who appeared on the NOV A show to demonstrate how
abduction fantasies can bt:. generated by exciting the brain's temporal lobe, is given roughly
equal time by A&E to that provided to Hopkins and Jacobs.
      _,
     "'
           ...
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                       -5-                                          May 1996

        For coverage of other aspects of the UFO question, A&E opted to use five pro- UFO
researchers, but only one UFO- skeptic--Curtis Peebles--author of the book "Watch The Skies. •
The pro- UFO researchers included: Mark Rodegbier (scientific director of the Hynek Center
for UFO Studies [CUFOS]), Jerome Clark (editor of the CUFOS publication International UFO
Reporter), Michael Swords (editor of the CUFOS Journal of UFO Studies) Bruce Maccabee
(former head of the Fond for UFO Research [FUFOR)), and Kevin Randle (Roswell Incident
researcher/author). (Randle, who is writing a new book on UFO abductions, briefly expressed
serious doubts about their reality during his appearance on the show.)

        Considering A&E's loaded panel of UFO "experts;' the show is only moderately pro- UFO
biased-- except for its coverage of the Roswell Incident. Mark Rodeghier, in describing the
General Accounting Office (GAO) investigation initiated at the request of Congressman Steven
Schiff (R.-NM), said: "But essentially they (G-4.0) couldn't find any records on Roswell at all.
Deriod." SUN urges Rodeghier to read page 2 of the GAO report where he will find the
following: "Our search for government records concerning the Roswell crash yielded two records
originating in 1947.... The 509th-RAAF report noted the recovery of a 'flying disc' that was later
determined by military officials to be a radar-tracking balloon . . The FBI message stated that the
military had reported that an object resembling ·"a high-altitUde weather balloon with a radar
reflector had been recovered near Roswell." Copies of both ar·e· shown on pages 12-14.

        The A&E program narrator compounded Rodeghier's erroneous claim by adding: "In fact,
the GAO revealed that all documents related to Roswell had been illegally destroyed. If there had
been a Government cover-up surrounding Roswell and Area 51, we may never know what has been
kept secret, or if it relates to UFOs." If A&E bad bothered to read the GAO report they would
have learned that while RAAF outgoing teletype messages for the period of Oct. 1946 through
Dec. 1949 had been destroyed, this was not illegal according to the chief archivist at the
Defense Department's record center in St. Louis, Mo.

          There is not even a brief mention by the A&E naJTator of the USAF's lengthy Roswell
· investigation, or the Project Mogul balloon launched on June 4, 1947, which is believed to
  explain the unusual debris discovered by rancher "Mac" Brazel [SUN #30/Nov. 1994].


 CUFOS Officials Endorse Authenticity of 1958 Trindade UFO Photos

        Of the many thousands of UFO photos that have been made public during the past 49
years, the four pictures made in early 1958 near Brazil's Trindade Island were characterized
as among· the most impressive of all.tiine by the three CUFOS officials on the A&E show. Mich-
ael Swords· said: "Because this is a multiple-witness case done by scientists and a professional ·
photographer and has many photographs, it probably has to be taken seriously as the number one
photographic case in the UFO history." IUR editor Jerry Clark, who bas authored several books
on the history of UFOs, characterized the Trindade photos as "unusually evidential... for the
reality of UFOs as somebody's technology." Mark Rodegbier said the photos were taken by a
"Brazilian naval photographer.... with literally dozens and dozens of witnesses."

         Because the Trindade UFO photo case occurred nearly a decade before SUN's editor
 entered the UFO field, and the case is not even mentioned in David Jacobs' book ''The History
 of the UFO Controversy in America," published in 1975, we turned to the book "The World of
 Flying Saucers," by the late Dr. Dort~ld H. Menzel (world-famous Harvard astronomer and UFO
 debunker) and Lyle G. Boy.d,'*published in 1963. The book devotes 10 pages to the case.
 According to Menzel, the UFO photographer- -Aimiro Barauna- -was not a "naval photographer."
 Rather, be was a free-lance photographer who earlier bad published a humorous article on
 UFOs that was illustrated with bogus UFO photos which Baruna said he bad produced using
 trick photography. As for the claim that there were "dozens and dozens of witnesses" on board
 the ship, Menzel reports _the Brazilian navy could find only two other persons on board the
 vessel at the time who claimed to have seen the UFO. Both were Barauna's close friends.
Sk.eplics UFO Newsletter
                                                                                                               -
                                               -6-                                           May 1996


        Menzel reported that the Brazilian navy's analysis of the Trindade negatives "revealed
several dubious features. The details of the land in the foreground were very sharp but the UFO
disk was hazy, showed little contrast, and was essentially without shadows."

APRO LEADERS NOT THAT IMPRESSED WITH TRINDADE PHOTOS 30 YEARS AGO

        In the fall of 1966, when the University of Colorado began its UFO investigation, the
leaders of the nation's two largest pro- UFO groups- -NICAP and APRO- -agreed to provide a list
of the UFO cases and photos which they believed were the most credible. APRO submitted
some UFO photos taken in Brazil- -BUT NOT THOSE TAKEN NEAR TRINDADE ISLAND,
which were in its possession. Instead, the Brazilian UFO-photos APRO submitted had been
taken in 19S2 at Barra da Tijuca. (The University of Colorado analysis spotted serious
inconsistencies hi the Barra da Tijuca _ph_otos, indicating they were a hoax.)

       Now, 30 years later, three top CUFOS officials consider the Tr.indade photos among the
most impressive ever taken. SUN wonders: How ·loog before CUFOS also endorses the photos
bv Switzerland's BILLY MEUl.R . ~bi-:h most pr~- UFO rese:irche!"5 · ~ow e!:m~!rle!" !!> be a !lel!~.


Alleged Roswell Crashed Saucer Fragment .. Smells .. Like A Hoax

         A small, tbio metal fragment, sub-
mitted to the Roswell Ioteroational UFO
Museum oo March 24 by a visitor from Utah
who reported that it allegedly came from a
soldier who bad recovered it 49 years ago
from the crashed-saucer site, is a hoax- -io               f
                                                            T
                                                           ~
SUN's opioioo. The thio triaogular-shaped
fragment, measuring approximately 65 mm.
by 62 mm. by 36 mm. with au elliptical hole
io its center aod mounted io a glass-covered
picture frame, was turned over to Max
                                                         J  loE----112mm-------~
                                                               FRAGMENT MEASUREMENTS
Littell, the museum's secretary I treasurer.

        The visitor, who provided his name to Littell but asked that it not be made public
because he had come to Roswell to apply for a position as a teacher at the local college, will
be referred to as "X." Accordipg to "X," he had obtained the fragment from another Utah                 · ·~


resident ("Y"); who had mounted and framed. the fragment that. he (allegedly) had received
from a forrner .soldier ("Z"), who had b-een based at Roswell in 1947 and found it at the u·F·o
crash site. Littell told SUN that "X" will not provide the names of the other two men, although
be has provided a clue to "Z's" name by saying "it's something like ... " and then uttering a
complex !!.!!.Common name. Littell told SUN that he has not been allowed to talk with "Y" (the
framer), except via "X" serving as the intermediary.

        Analysis of the front side of the fragment, using an X -ray fluorescence technique at a
Bureau of Mines facility at Socorro, N .M ., revealed its content to be roughly SO% copper and
SO% silver. Analysis of the back side showed it was 87% silver, 12% copper and 1% trace
elements. Dr. Char.l ie Moore, who now lives in Socorro and who launched the Project Mogul
balloon train on June 4, 1947, which is believed responsible for the Brazel ranch debris, was an
interested observer of the frag~ant ranalysis. The appearance of the fragment and the results
of its analysis prompted Moore to comment: "The fragment was not related to one of the radar
targets or any of the other equipment used" by his group. Littell told SUN that he hopes that
arrangements can be made to have the fragment· undergo isotopic analysis at Los Alamos
National Laboratories. to determine if the ratio of copper isotopes is the same as that of
terrestrial copper, or if the ratio is "out-of-this-world." This type of analysis was proposed by
David Thomas, based on an idea suggested by · Dr. Carl Sagan.


           ;,.'· •·
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                           -7-                                               May 1996

        A few days after the Museum's receipt of the fragment was reported in the news media,
Littell told SUN that he received a call from Las Vegas talk-show host Art Bell, who reported
that he also had received a metal fragment in the mail with an accompanying letter. Littell
said that a portion of the letter resembled the story he had been tol~ by "X." But other portions
were "too wild to be credible."

Any Claimed Crashed- Saucer Fragment From Brazel Ranch Is Suspect

        While a number or persons have claimed to have been members or a "recovery team• sent
to the Brazel ranch- -and some claim to have covertly pocketed pieces or debris (which they
have since lost)- -such tales are necessarily spurious, based on the known facts. According to
rancher Brazel's account, given in the offices or the Roswell Daily Record on Tuesday night,
July 8, 1947, and published in the July 9 edition, Brazel first discovered the unusual debris on
June 14-- which was 10 days before pilot Kenneth Arnold reported his now- famous UFO
sighting. Because Brazel did not have a radio in his small ranch house, he did not learn about
•nying discs• until Saturday, July 5, when be visited- nearby Corona. This prompted him to
suspect that the. unosual _debris might be from a •oying disc; so the next day, Brazel- -together
with his wife ~d two children · (who did not live on the ranch)- -reh.rned to the "debris field"
and recovered much or the debris, which they brought back to the ranch bouse. (Brazel said
the debris included "considerable Scotch tape and some tape with flowers printed upon it ... ")

        The next day, Monday, July 7, Brazel drove to Roswell and reported his finding to the
sheriff, ·who in turn contacted intelligence officer Mai. Jesse Marcel. Later that afternoon,
Marcel and Capt. Sheridan Cavitt drove back with Brazel to his ranch. Because they arrived
late, they spent the night (according to Marcel's 1978/79 recollections), and the next morning
went out to collect any debris that Brazel had overlooked.

        IF there had been a lot more debris than the three men were able to collect on the
morning of July 8, Marcel or Cavitt could have driven to nearby Corona to call RAAF and ask
that the base send up a "recovery team." But if that had occurred, Marcel, Cavitt or Brazel
would have remained at the ranch to direct the "recovery team" to the debris field in the
desolate desert area with few landmarks. BUT WE KNOW .THAT ALL THREE MEN DROVE
BACK TO ROSWELL ON TUESDAY, with Marcel and Cavitt arriving shortly before noon.

         IF a decision to send a "recovery team• was made only AFTER Marcel and Cavitt
returned to RAAF. who would help it find the "debris field?" We know that Marcel departed
for 8th Air Force headquarters in Ft. Worth around noon to bring the already recovered debris.
(In Marcel's later-year recollections, he never mentioned any "recovery team" visit to the ranch.)
It -=~nld !.'l. ~t bll! .Rraze!, be-:e!!!!e he drove t~ RQsweH .en· T!!esrlay. 1mrl !at~!' tbat evening wm!ld
be brought -to the newspaper offices by Walt Whitmore, owner of radi'o station KG FL. Brazei
was an overnight guest in Whitmore's home. And Capt. Cavitt, the only other person who might
help the recovery team find th'e "debris field," who is alive today. has no recollection or having
made a second trip to the Brazel ranch.

All Quiet On The SCAM (Santilli Controversial Autopsy Movie) Front

        Bob Shell's long-promised, repeatedly delayed interview with the alleged autopsy
cameraman (AAC)-- originally scheduled for last summer-- has not yet occurred, as or late April
[SUN #38/Mar. 1996]. • Alien Autopsy• movie producer Robert Kiviat's promised interview is
also "on hold," according to Sh~l. "Not surprisingly, • AAC imposters• are moving in to fill the
void. Shell reports that a British publisher, Orion Press, was about to sign a contract with a
person claiming to be AAC, but decided to back out. Shell told SUN that he hopes to meet with
Santilli soon in London but that Santilli has twice delayed the meeting.

       IF the AAC really exists, SUN predicts that Santilli will soon report that the Grim
Reaper has "called," and that this was one appointment the AAC was unable to defer.


          ,..
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               -
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                                                     -8-                                                                                        May 1996


Short Shrift:

•       High-speed blue flashing UFO reported near Roswell: The Feb. 5 edition of th.e Roswell
Daily Record reported a number of sightings of a flashing blue UFO around 5 a.m., south of the
city. One observer reported: "All of a sudden it was right beside me.... / had to turn from it because
it was so bright. When I looked back it was gone." Another observer reported: "It was traveling
too fast for a jet and it was flying too low." The Feb 11 edition of the newspaper showed a
picture of the "UFO"--amobile irrigation rig with a flashing blue light that was being operated
in a field near the highway. Some of the witnesses remained unconvinced by this prosaic
explanation.

*       Roswell researcher Don Schmitt seemingly has short memory: Don Schmitt, co-author
of two books on the Roswell Incident and publisher of the Roswell Report newsletter, who last
year admitted spinning tall tales about his education and occupation, either has a very short
memory span or has resumed his spinning of tall tales [SUN #33/May 1995]. A statement by
Schmitt in the March/ April 1995 issue of International UFO Reporter, published by CUFOS,
apologized for "any frllse or mislen.liing ~!a!~n-:e."!!s," ar.d said he had "!"edgned, effec!i~'e Apri/13,
1995, as Director of Special Investigations" o.C CUFOS. [However, Schmitt remained a member
of the CUFOS Board of Directors~ ] In the Spring 1996 issue of Roswell Report, Schmitt refers
to himself as "Director o( Special Investigations (or the J. Alien [sic] Hynek Center (or UFO
Studies." [Emphasis added.]

•       Are UFO Abductees "fantaSY-Drone" persons? An excellent analysis by skeptic Joe
Nickell of 13 "abductees" featured in Dr. John Mack's book. "Abduction," reveals that all of
them have many fantasy-prone characteristics, such as "psychic experiences," "out-of-body
experiences," receiving "special messages," and being readily susceptible to hypnosis. Nickell's
analysis appears in the May I June 1996 issue of Sk~ptical Inquirer. The magazine is available
from CSICOP, Box 703, Amherst, N.Y. 14226-2743. Price: $4.95.

*       Why don't ETs abduct Japanese? Although there is widespread interest by the Japanese
public and TV networks in UFOs, very few of that country's citizens claim to have been
abducted by UFOs and their stories differ from the popular accounts in the West, according to
Jun-Ichi Takanashi, chairman of the Japan UFO Science Society (JUFOSS). SUN met with
Takanashi in mid-April in Osaka during a trip to give UFO lectures to the Japan Skeptics
Society in Tokyo and Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto. JUFOSS, the largest UFO group in
Japan, has about 600 members, according to Ta·kanashi. SUN cannot understand why ETs do
not seem to abduct Japanese women, whom we found to be beautiful, intelligent and charming.
More seriously, the fact that the abduction fad has not "caught on" in Japan is worthy of
sociologicat study. Perhaps it is the result of Japanese traoitions and/or their Buddhist
religion. Possibly there are fewer fantasy-n.rone persons in Japan.

•      "If the government possessed a crashed UFO, our technological capabilities would have
taken some great leaps, not only over our competitors but over our previous technology as well .... The
knowledge gained could possibly alter the fabric of scientific thought as we know it, changing our
views of the nature of matter and the universe. There is not a shred of evidence to suggest that this
has happened." Dr. David M. Jacobs, International UFO Reporter, July/August 1985.

*               The United States UFO Information and Research Center is not a U.S. government
agency. Rather it is the name of a new pro- UFO organization located in Johnson City, Tenn.
Its motto is: "THE TRUTH IS ,eOf ' THERE."
........ - - - ....... - -- ...... - ...... - - ............... - .. - ...... - .. - ... - .. -·...... - .... - ....... -- ..... - - ..... - - - - - - ...... -- .. - .. - - - - - - -- -- - - - - - -- ........ - - - - - -
NOTE: Opinions expressed in SUN are those of its Editor--unlessotberwise noted- -and do not necessarily represent the views
of any organization with which be is affiliated- -or his spouse. We thank Dr. Gary Posner for help in proofreading.

SKEPTICS UFO NEWSLETTER (SUN) IS PUBLISHED BIMONTHLY. SUBSCRIPTION
RATE (SIX ISSUES) IS US/YEAR FOR U.S./CANADA. OVERSEAS RATE (AIRMAIL) IS
$20/YEAR. (Please make check/money order payable to Philip J. Klass.)


                 il' •.
