{"created_utc": "2026-09-20T16:53:24Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 537302, "source_ctime_ns": 1788576286731987582, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-16-July-1992-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788576286716494241, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-16-July-1992-.pdf", "source_sha256": "06c6cd8786157bad292285b771caf7459c05f9765b8c23ca519c3953792f9ec6"}

... -· . 8-KEPTICS uco
.
1   . .             r
                       NEWSLE I I ER
          By Philip J. Klass            1      404 ''N" St. SW Washtngton DC 20024
                                                                                                  SUN #16

                                                                                                  JULY 1992

                                                                                                  COPYRIGHT
                                                                                                  (1992)


          MANY MORE AMERICANS SAY THEY'VE SEEN GHOSTS THAN
          REPORT HAVING SEEN UFOs, ACCORDING TO RECENT SURVEY:
                  A soney or 5,947 American adults, conducted by the respected Roper Orgaaization, in-
          dicates that 11% or those soneyed (COITesponding to more than 20 million persons) said that
          bad seen a ghost, and 3% (5.5 million persons) said they had seen a ghost more than twice. But
          only 7% (13 million) persons reported having bad UFO sightings and 1% (1.9 million) reported
          more than two sigbtings. (The Roper survey was conducted July through September, 1991, and
          polled a representative sample of U.S. adults in terms of age, geographic location, income and
          education.)

                  This might seem to show that the U.S. is being visited by more ghosts thaa UFOs. But
          a 1990 telephone survey of 1,236 American adults, conducted by the Gallup organization,
          showed that 14% of those polled bad seen a UFO while only 9% reported seeing a ghost.
          (Report on the 1990 survey of American views on paranormal claims, by George H. Gallup, Jr.
          and Frank Newport, was published in the Winter 1990-91 issue of the Skeptical Inquirer.)
          Gallup's 14% UFO-sighting figure is twice Roper's 7%. In Gallup's 1978 survey, 9% of those
          polled reported a UFO sighting, compared to 11% in its survey in 1973 ··the year of a major
          "UFO Flap" in the U.S. In response to one of the Roper survey questions, 15% or those soneyed
          (corresponding to nearly 28 million persons) reported that as a child or an adult they had seen
          "a terrihing figure- -which might have been a monster, a witch, a devil, or some other e'lil
          figure in [their) bedroom, closet, or somewhere else. •

                  f Experiments conducted by psychologists Dr. Sheryl C. Wilson and Dr. T. X. Barber indicate
          that an estimated 4% of the adult Americans are "fantasy prone individuals. • Such persons
          "fantasize a large part of the time" and "typically 'see'... and fully experience what they fantasize, •
          according to Wilson and Barber. Results of the Roper survey suggest their 4% figure may be low.{

                 The Roper survey was conducted to try to determine how many American adults may
          have experienced "UFO- Abductions.• Bot the 11 questions asked were framed by Budd Hopkins
          and David Jacobs- -the chid promoters or the claim that ETs are abducting Earthlings. The
          card given to each person read: "This card contains a list of some things that might have
          happened to you at some point in your life, either as a child or as an adult or both. I'd like you
          to read down the card, and for each itein tell me, to the best of your knowledge, if that bas
          happened to you more than twice, once or twice, or never."

                 Approiimately 5% or those soneyed (9.3 million persons) reported having "vi'lid dreams
          about UFOs• and 1% (1.9 million) reported nperieocing vivid dreams about UFOs more than
          twice. [Curiously, considering the objective of the survey, it did not ask if any of these "vivid
          dreams" involved being taken aboard a flying saucer.]

                  Although the Roper survey contained 11 questions, Hopkins and Jacobs depend upon
          only five questions as "key ind~«;ators• to determine if the respondents have nperienced UFO-
          abductions. These were tlil following:

          ·waking up paralyzed with a sense or a strane.e person or presence or someth.ing else in the
          room?" 18% said it had occurred one or more times.

          "Eiperiencing a period or time or an hour or more, in which you were apparently lost, bot you
          COuld not remember why, or where you had been?• 13% said this had OCCurred ODe or more
          times. [It happened to SUN's editor on the Paris subway.]
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                           -2-                                          July 1992


•Feeliug tllat you were actually Oyiug throuch the air although you didu't bow why or how?•
Total of 10% reported this nperieuce~ [Sometimes called the "LSD Frequent- Flyer Syndrome.")

•seeu uuusual lights or balls of light iu a room without bowiug what was causiug them or
where they were comiug from?• Total of 8% reported this nperieuce.

"Fiudiug puzzliug scars ou your body aud ueither you uor auyoue else rememberiug how you
received them or where you got them?• Total of 8% reported this nperieuce.


       ONLY 18 OUT OF THE 5,947 PERSONS SURVEYED (0.3%) REPORTED ALL FIVE
OF THESE •KEY INDICATOR• EXPERIENCES--WHICH WOULD MEAN THAT "ONLY"
560,000 AMERICAN ADULTS HAD EXPERIENCED UFO-ABDUCTION. SO HOPKINS/-
JACOBS DECIDED THAT IF ANYONE ANSWERED YES TO FOUR OUT OF ·THE FIVE
EXPERIENCES, THIS QUALIFIED HIM/HER AS A •PROBABLE ABDUCTEE." Wlleu
Hopk.ius aud Jacobs use this relu:ed criteriou, theu tbe Roper survey shows that 2% of tllose
surveyed qualify as •probable abdudees, • which correspouds to 3. 7 milliou •probable abdudees•-
-a much more impressive figure.

        Hopk.ius and Jacobs are surprised that the highest uumber of "yes• respouses to the five
•key iudicator• questious was the 18% for the oue which asked about •wak.iug up paralyzed aud
sea sing the presence of a strange figure. • They acbowledge the occurrence of •hypnogogic
halluciuatious• by perfectly uormal persons wheu falling asleep, or "hypnopompic halluciua-
tious• wheu awakeuiug, iu which a persou reports feeling paralyzed. But by addiug tlae
provision of seusiug •a strange persou or presence or something else iu the room, • Hopk.ius aud
Jacobs claim this excludes a possible bypuopompic/bypuogogic nplauatiou.

        If Hopk.ius or Jacobs bad read the Summer 1988 issue of Skeptical Inquirer [SI], they
would bow that their claim is false. The Wiater 1987-88 issue of Sl carried au article ou
bypuopompic/ hypuogogic halluciuations, authored by Dr. Robert A. Baker, a seasoued professor
of psychology at the University of Kentucky. Baker's article prompted a uumber of readers to
write, describiug their owu hypuopompic/hypuogogic nperieuces, some of which were published
in the Letters sediou of the Summer 1988 issue of Sl.

          One reader wrote: •J have been plagued by hypoogogic hallucinations since childhood. but
until reading his {Baker's J article I didn't koow...that other people had them. • He described a
typical experience as follows: "Though I seem awake, my body is completely paralyzed. I (eel my
'spirit' leave my body... Sometimes I {/oat all around the house, and on one occasion I floated through
a wall and out into the yard... Over the years I have seen and talked to 'ghosts,' been visited (though
oot yet abducted) by Aliens... These experiences seem as real as life. • Aoother reader, whose letter
was published in g emphasized that his hypoopompic hallucination •still seems as real to me as any
of my experiences in a waking state.... / had never heard of such a thing before reading this article. •
{If Hopkins and Jacobs do oot normally read g they could have found the foregoing in the soft-
cover edition of my book •uF0 -,4.bductions: A Dangerous Game, • p. 200.)
                           •   : -#                           •


          lu discussiug the results of the survey, Hopkins, Jacobs aud Rou Westrum (a sociology
  professor at Easteru Michigau University) gloss over the fact that 11% of those surveyed say
  they've seeu ghosts and 14% (26 million persons) report •reeliug as if you left your body. • To
  try to assess the accuracy of people's responses, one of the 11 questions asked if the person
  recalled "hearing or seeing the word 'Trondant' and knowing that it has a secret ·meaning for
  you?" "Trondant" is a non- existent word, coined to test for possible respondent bias. In the
  Roper survey, 1% of the persons surveyed- -corresponding to 1.9 million adult Americans--
"'1 \NSWERED YES TO THIS' QUESTION. According to the report, the responses from these
  persons were excluded from responses to the five critical abduction questions.
    ".
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                            -3-                                          July 1992

         Hopkins, Jacobs and Westrum [HI J I W] do comment on one curious anomaly in the Roper
survey results: •Jn virtually every case, indicator experiences decline with age, especially after 44.
This is puzzling since older people would be expected to have accumulated more such experiences. •
H I J I W's suggested explanation is that •the younger years fare} the time of greatest UFO abduction
activity in an individual's life and are then forgotten with advancing age. • The Roper data show that
persons in the 30 to 44 age bracket with still good memories reported FEWER "key-indicator
experiences" than those in the 18-29 vear bracket, despite the additional years of opportunitv- -except
(or the question dealing with "feeling of flving."

     IF FAILING-MEMORY-WITH-AGE WERE THE EXPLANATION, ONE SHOULD
EXPECT THAT MORE-OLDER SUBJECTS WOULD REPORT •puzZLING SCARs• WHOSE
CAUSE THEY COULD NOT REMEMBER. YET THE ROPER SURVEY SHOWS THE
OPPOSITE: 14% OF THOSE IN THE l8-29AGE GROUP REPORTED •puzZLING SCARs.·
COMPARED TO ONLY 7% FOR THOSE 30-44 AGE-BRACKET, 6% FOR PERSONS 45-69,
AND ONLY S% FOR PERSONS OVER AGE 60!

        It is regrettable (bot not surprising) that Hopkins and Jacobs did not include any mrvey
questions asking how many books dealing with UFOs the subject had read or how many TV
shows dealing with UFOs and UFO-abdoctions had been seen to assess their possible innoence,
especially as a function or age.

          Many psychotherapists will be impressed by the fact that the introduction to the Roper
survey report was written by Dr. John E. Mack, 62, professor of psychiatry at the Harvard
Medical School and former head of its Psychiatry Dept. In Mack's introduction, he did not
mention that he recently signed a $200,000 contract with Scribners to write a book on UFO·
abductions. [See SUN #15 1May 1992) Mack 's introduction began: "The (this) Roper Sur-
vcv ... suggests that hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of American men. women and
children mav have experienced UFO abductions, or abduction related phenomena." Mack
continued : "It is possible that after the showing of the intensely promoted CBS miniseries
docudrama ["Intruders"] in May, which will treat the abduction phenomenon with dramatic
seriousness, great numbers of abductees and others who may fear that they are 'experiencers'
will turn to mental health professionals in their anxiety or self -diagnosed concern.

        "It is especially important that these clinicians have sufficient knowledge of the
phenomenon to be able to respond appropriately. They need to be open to the possibility that
something exists or is happening which, in our traditional Western framework, cannot or should
not be .... l would like personally to invite you to attend a lecture given by an experienced
researcher in the field ... " Mack referred the reader to a postcard in the report seeking
expressions of interest in attending UFO - abduction lectures to be given in major cities.

        Psychotherapists who attend these lectures will learn the therapy recommended by Hopkins,
Jacobs and Westrum--noneo( them trained in psvchotlrerapv--which they summarize in the survey
report: "~·e ntilation of the experiences, with or without the aid of hvpnosis, is the maior contribution
the therapist can make to the patient's improvement. Openlv discussing these memories and helping
the patient deal with them will relieve much of their anxietv and allow their conscious minds to cope.
Denving the realitv of these recollections seldom does anvthing but force the patient's memories
underground. We have found tJiat•appropriatelv managed· support groups [i .e. where subjects talk
with other 'abductees' 1 are helpful (or patients to deal with their feelings of helplessness, (ea·r and
incongruitv.

        "Unfortunatelv, the therapist cannot promise the one thing the patients desire most: the
cessation of abductions . In our experience, the (requencv of such events may decline (or adults: thev
seldom can be counted upon to cease entirelv. Furthermore, other members of the patient's familv,
including parents, spouse, siblings and children, may be involved. This circumstance may be an
additfonal source of stress. guilt and restricted communications ... "
           .:   .

                                                                                                            I
                                                                                                   --- -· -------····


Slu:ptics UFO Newsletter                           -4-                                         July 1992


        In the support-group meetings advocated by H/ J/W, the newcomer will bear of the
horrifying "experiences" of others, many of which reportedly occurred while they were asleep.
When the newcomer retires that night it should hardly be surprising if she/ be bas "vivid dreams
about UFOs"· -if they can even manage to fall asleep. Additional terrifying UFO nightmares
will follow. Thus, the prophecy of the "UFO- abduction cult" will be fulfilled: The ETs will
return again, and again, and again. This will result in an ever-growing number or psychological-
ly distorbed persons who are deprived or any hope or relief. Some will tDrD to SUICIDE as the
only way to escape- -as at least one "abdactee" bas done, according to Hopkins.

        CONTRAST THIS THERAPY RECOMMENDED BY HOPKINS I JACOBS I WESTRUM (AND
APPARENTLY ENDORSED BY DR. MACK) WITH ONE PROPOSED BY ANN DRUFFEL (long-
time pro-UFOiogist) WHICH SHE SAYS HAS SHOWN SOME SUCCESS IN PREVENTING
ABDUCTIONS. The technique, which she describes in the March /992 issue of the MUFON UFO
JOURNAL, involves using will-power and /or spoken commands to tell the Alien(s ): "Go away and
don't come back." Another technique that has been successful, according to Druffe/, is for an
"abductee" to imagine she I he is wrapped in white light. Druffel cited a report published in the April
1990 issue of the MUFON UFO Journal in which a woman living in Pensacola, Fla., reportedly
encountered an ET in her bedroom. She reportedly leaped out of bed, turned on the light and stared
at the ET for several minutes. Finally, she said she yelled "Get outta here" and the ET promptly
departed. [U any SUN reader awakens to find an ET in bis/ber bedroom, we suggest you try
the Drurrel technique and let us know bow well it worked for you.]

        Funds to conduct the Roper "Unusual Personal Experiences" survey, publish a 64-page
report on the results, and mail it to nearly 100,000 psychiatrists, psychologists and other meatal
health professionals shortly before the CBS-TV mini-series "Intruders" dealing with UFO-
abductions was broadcast on May 17 I 19, were supplied by Robert Bigelow, a wealthy Las Vegas
businessman, and an "anonymous donor." His name: Hans-Adam vou Lichtenstein, from the
country whose name be bears.

SUN SUGGESTS that Bigelow and von Lichtenstein fund a similar survey in a country in
which UFOs and UFO-abductions have not received such wide promotion on TV, as for example
Bulgaria.   SUN PREDICTS that a far smaller percentage of Bulgarians will qualify as
"probable abductees." If that proves true, H/J/W will have a ready explanation: The ETs find
the Bulgarians genetically inferior to Americans.


SUN readers who would like to obtain the Roper Survey report, titled "Unusual Personal
Experiences" should write to Fund for UFO Research, P.O. Box 277, Mt. Rainier, Md. 20712.


         IF H/J/W's interpretation or the Roper data were correct, consider the implications.
U one assumes that UFO abductions began in the fall or 1961 with Betty/Baraey Hill, and since
thea ETs have abducted 3. 7 million Americans, this means that an average or aearly 340
Americans have been abducted .EVERY DAY DURING THE PAST 30 YEARS. Because most
UFO-abductions (allegedly) occur at night, this means that (on average) EVERY TWO
MINUTES DURING THE PAST 30 YEARS ANOTHER. AMERICAN HAS BEEN ABDUCTED.

        Some persons now claim they were abducted prior to 1961. Bat their c:laims are
challenged by a letter Betty Hill wrote to her mother in late 1966, arter the Hill tale was
featured in two issues or LOOK magazine: "We received telephone calls from Europe, Canada, and
all over the United States ... and letters from everywhere, from people of all kinds of backgrounds;
from' all age groups ... [People] ~old us of their own experiences with UFOs {sightings] ... " BUT
NONE OF THESE MANY PEOPLE WHO CONTACTED HER REPORTED THAT THEY TOO
HAD H*D A SIMILAR ABDUCTION · ENCOUNTER.
                                                                                                     ·-s··

t -


       Skeptics UFO Newsletter                          -S-                                        July 1992


       •FAMILIARITY BREEDS CONTEMPT• (GULF BREEZE DEPT.):

              The Golf Breeze (Fla.) Seotiuel, the ooce little-k.nowo small towo weekly uewspaper
       which became iuternatioually famous by publishing Ed Walters' UFO photos and tales, ao
       longer bothers to report tile Red-light UFOs (RUFOs) that typically Yisit Golf Breeze at least
       once a week to be seen and photographed by local UFOlocists and curious tourists. The
       Sentinel's disinterest in UFOs began shortly after the newspaper was bought by the Gannett
       newspaper organization which installed a uew editor and publisher.

               ETs seem to know- -perhaps via ESP- -wheu a TV c::rew arrives in town hooinl! to
       photograph a RUFO. When a c::rew from Houston's CBS-affiliate KHOU -TV arrived iu early
       April, the R UFO showed up and the c::rew got a six - minute video with a powerful telephoto leas.
       [See SUN -15 / May 1992] When a KHOU -TV crew returned ou May 18- -so did TWO RUFOs.
       When this second video was aired by WKRG-TV, Mobile, Ala. (and other CBS stations), •you
       could see two parachute-borne nares. You could see the burning material c::oming off tllem,•
       according to one observer. Several nights later the station showed a rideo of a parachute-
       borne nare (lauuc::hed by the Coast Goard) for comparison with the May 18 RUFOs, renaliug
       the remarkable similarity. (Parachute-borne nares are designed for lauuch by boaters in
       distress.) Bruce Maccabee, one of Walters' strongest supporters, earlier admitted that a couple
       of the RUFOs were airborne nares. [See SUN -12/Nov. 1991] But Maccabee is c::ertaiu that the
       great majority of the RUFOs are TRUFOs--True UFOs. [How very clever of ETs to design
       their craft to emit nare-like illumination.)

               Nearly 30,000 hard-cover copies of the Ed / Frances Walters' book "The Gulf Breeze
       Sightings" have been sold since it was published by William Morrow in March 1990. (Rule of
       thumb in the publishing business is that only 10% of the hard-cover books sell more than 10,000
       copies.) But sales of the paperback version, published by Avon in early 1991--afterthe small
       model UFO was discovered hidden in the attic of Ed's former residence [See S UN-4/July 1990]--
       have been disappointing. Avon has sold only about half of the 60,000 books it printed and
       current sales are very slow.

               As a result, Walters is not likely to receive any royalties beyond the $200,000 c::ash
       advance be received when he signed a contract with Morrow/ Avon. Deducting the agent's 15%
       cot, and another $20,000 which Ed paid Broce Maccabee to write a chapter for the book, means
       that poor Ed and Frances euded up with a mere $150,000. Walters reportedly was to receive
       an additional $250,000 for a TV mini-series for the ABC-TV network. However, ABC has
       decided not to proceed with the mini-series-- UNLESS ED IS ABDUCTED (again) BY A UFO
       AND MANAGES TO GET SOME GOOD FOOTAGE WITH HIS HOME VIDEO CAMERA.


              Recent (March/ April) issue of luteruatioual UFO Reporter (IUR), the bimonthly
       publication of the Hynek Center for UFO Studies [CUFOS], carried a feature story by pro-
       UFOiogist Zan Overall, which reveals that Ed Walters reportedly launched hot air balloons to
       generate UFO reports when he was liriug in Costa Rica daring the 1970s. Overall learned this
       from Tommy Smith, a friend     oT
                                     ,Ed's sou, who in mid-1990 revealed that Ed tried to involve him
       in making hoax UFO-pllotfls in late 1987.

                  fUR editor Jerome Clark decided to delete several brief segments of Overall's article
          including his comment: •While I disagree with Phil Klass on most UFO cases, I am quite willing to
          give the 'bedeviller' his due and acknowledge his good work on the Gulf Breeze case, particularly
          regarding the [UFO) model and the house plans [used in the model). I recommend his Skeptics
          UFO Newsletter to anyone wanting to stay up to date on the skeptical view of Gulf Breeze and
          UFOs. • Clark also .d eleted another complimentary reference. {SUN's editor understands how
      ,,;•excruciatingly painful it would have been (or Clark to publish any such compliment in fUR. I
          ...
                                                                                                                             ,.
                 Skeptics UFO Newsletter                            -6-                                          July 1992


                         Remember that Budd Hopkins bas strongly endorsed Ed Walters' photos and claim of
                 baring suffered UFO-abdadions. When Hopkins spoke at the 1990 MUFON conference in
                 Pensacola, llle said: "One of the things I have done systematically with cases I've investigated is I've
                 kept certain details absolutely secret, private, so that I have a way of checking the veracity of new
                 people... One of the things that has been extremely important to me is the fact that people have
                 described a certain notational system that they have seen inside UFOs, on the wall, on a table, on a
                 surface, pad, whatever.... We get these symbols described over and over again. And I have kept them
                 absolutely secret...ED /WALTERS I IS ONE OF THE PEOPLE WHO MADE A VERY PRECISE
                 DRAWING OF EXACT SYMBOLS THAT INTERSECT fi.e. coincide I WITH DOZENS OF
                 OTHER CASES I HAVE. • (Emphasis added. )


                 DAVID JACOBS' CLAIM DENIED BY BUDD HOPKINS--- -AND BY DAVID JACOBS:

                          In an interriew . with Darid Jacobs, published in the March 12, 1992 edition of the
                 Philadelphia Inquirer, Jacobs is quoted as saying •There is no theory that es:plains how all of
                 these people could have the same experience and report the same details down to the smallest
                 point. • (Emphasis added.)

                         Bot when Budd Hopkins spoke at the 1990 MUFON conference in Pensacola, be said
                 that •abdodees• reported a wide variety of ET bands, •some of which have three fingers, some
                 of which have a daw -like thing, some of which are four- fingered with no thumb, and some of
                 which have a very coasistent human-like band, and some of which han a more amplaibian (i.e.
                 frog) type hand with little pads on the ends of the fingers. •

                           And when Jacobs spoke at the 1991 MUFON conference in Chicago, be said ·we get
                  many different kinds of descriptions of Aliens .... Wben people describe Aliens that look nry
                  different and bizarre ... you just have to wait a while and go about it [questioning] in a slightly
                  different manner. Then, if they're still describing different Aliens ... you come back even at the
                  end and have them describe them again. And if they're still the same and it's like nothing
                  you've ever heard before, you put it on a back burner and wait for confirmation from other
                  people. •

                          [The Inquirer reporter who interviewed Jacobs also talked to Dr. Peter B. Bloom, a
                  professor of psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania who is president-elect or the
                  International Society of Hypnosis. Dr. Bloom suggested that Jacobs' subjects were simply
                  telling him what he wanted to hear: "The subject shapes his responses to meet the agenda of
                  the hypnotist. It happens often." The article continued: "This isn't necessarily a conscious
                  effort to please the hypnotist," Bloom said, "but a response to subtle cues that the hypnotist
                  himself might not be aware of."]

                            In Jacobs' 1991 MUFON talk, be admitted that subjects report a wide "variety of
                  machine naminatioos..• tbey are pat into machines, they are placed in front of machines, they
                  are surrounded by machioes, ,~e macbioes are over them, the machines are on the side of
                  them ... tbe machines bomr~ they whirr, they're silent.•       YET JACOBS CLAIMS HIS
                  SUBJECTS •REPORT THE SAME DETAILS DOWN TO THE SMALLEST POINT."


                  HOW DO ETs ABDUCT PEOPLE WHO LWE IN HIGH-RISE BUILDINGS?
                  EASILY--THEY USE "STAR TREK" ("BEAM ME UP SCOTTY") TECHNIQUES:

                          Because most UFO-abductions reportedly occur while their victims are asleep in their
                 "'bedrooms, Hopkins and Jacobs have long been puzzled by reports from people who live in high-rise

                     ".

l   -   . -·--
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                           -7-                                         July 1992


apartment buildings- -especially in large cities such as New York. Even Hopkins and Jacobs found
it hard to believe that a flying saucer might park in front ·o f a high-riseapartment while ETs waited
for an elevator to take them to the victim's floor and then bring the victim down by elevator, later
returning the victim the same way. What would the neighbors think if they chanced to see the strange
visitors? ["There goes the neighborhood. "I

         HOPKINS AND JACOBS HAVE SOLVED THIS PUZZLING RIDDLE: ETs TRANSPORT
THEIR VICTIMS THROUGH GLASS WINDOWS AND SOLID WALLS TO THEIR FLYING SAU-
CER WHICH IS HOVERING ABOVE THE HIGH - RISE APARTMENT BUILDING. The Inquirer
article said: "Because these abductions have never been witnessed, Jacobs assumes that the process
that allmvs the abductees to pass through solid matter also renders them and their abductors
invisible" to potential olllside observers. (Emphasis added.) [Darned clever, these ETs! j


STOP THE PRESS:     HOPKINS REVEALS ·sTAR TREK" <BEAM-ME-UP-SCOTTY>
UFO-ABDUCTION FROM NEW YORK HIGH-RISE---WITH FOUR WITNESSES:

        Blockbuster at the four-day mid-June UFO Abduction Study Conference, held in
Cambridge, Mass., was the report by Budd Hopkins on what be called "the abduction case of
the century. • Hopkins said that in November 1989, •tinda Cortile" (pseudonym) was abducted
from her New York City apartment by three ETs who "floated her out of a wiudow 12 stories
above the ground and up ioto a hovering UFO. • Hopkius said "the eveut was wituesscd by two
security agents and the important official they were guarding, as well as by a woman driring
across the Brooklyn Bridge. • Hopkins read excei]Jts from letters received from the "four
[alleged] witnesses.· [Curious that three ETs are required to "beam up" one victim.]

       Hopkins said: "The importance of this case is virtually immeasurable as it powerfully
supports both the objective realitv of UFO abductions and the accuracy of regressive hypnosis
as emploved with this abductee." This case will be the cornerstone of Hopkins' new book much
as "Kathy Davis" (Debbie Tomey) was for his previous book "Intruders. •

SUN WONDERS: Inasmuch as Jacobs and Hopkins previously suggested that the lack of confirming
witnesses in many other claimed abductions was due to the ability of ETs to make themselves and
their victims "invisible, • does the •Linda case" mean that the (our (alleged) witnesses have •X -ray
vision" that can penetrate ETs' invisibility? Or did their "invisibility bubble" burst?

           The Cambridge conference was co· chaired by David E. Pritchard, physicist and member
of the faculty of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Harvard's Dr. John E. Mack
(See p . 3). They characterized the conference as a •ctosed scientific meeting. First of all this
means that the Program Committee has carefullv selected participants, contributions, and topics
which will be presented. Thus the input to this conference has been controlled ... all attendees
have signed an agreement not to report what is said here in any public forum (e.g. a paper,
interview. public lecture, etc .) The purpose of this is ... to foster free and open discus·
sion ... [presentors can] then carefullv edit their contributions to the proceedings so they appear
judicious and restrained in prin~" (Approximately 100 persons attended the conference.)

        In view of Pritchard's aod Mack's "spiritual alliance• with Hopkins and Jacobs it is not
surprising that most- -but not all- -of the nearly 40 persons selected to speak were faithful
followers of the "Principles of UFO-Abduction• (PUFOA) enunciated by Hopkins and Jacobs.

         Folklorist and pro- UFOiogist Eddie Bullard said his analysis of 203 published UFO·
abduction reports showed that in 52 cases the ETs were said to resemble humans and in 137
other,.;<:ases he characterized ET ,descriptions as "humanoid, • bot admitted that this category
,.                                                                                                                                            -     - -- -


     Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                       -8-                                                          July 1992


     included "mummy -like beings, hairy dwarfs and reptilian creatures." In the remaining l i cases,
     Bullard characterized the ET appearances as "non- human."

             John Carpenter, a Springfield (Mo.) hypootherapi~t who is emerging as a major figure
     io this field, reported that •although the gray aliens [i.e. short, bald, large eyes) may be the
     most commonly reported aod/or discussed variety of extraterrestrial entity, there are a few
     other types worth mentioning. There is a growing consistent pattern of data in regard to both
     the (1) TaU Blood [Nordic), and the (2) Reptilian type of entity. • Despite their dramatically
     different appearaoces, their modus operaodi are •quite similar, • according to Carpenter.

             Linda Moulton Howe, a TV writer/producer lrnowo for her efforts to show that aoimaJ
     mutilations are the work of ETs rather than natural predators, was aoother speaker at the Prit-
     chard-Mack conference. Howe showed about two dozen slides of ETs drawn by •abductees.•
     One was titled •Gray lET) iu Blue Leotard, • aoother •Long Nose with Helmet. •

             David Jacobs, contradicting his oft- repeated claim to the media that abductees ' "report
     the same details down to the smallest point, • said that abductees report a variety of "examining
     tables" both in terms of size and complexity: "Four legs is almost never reported .... Sometimes
     the table is rectaogular, other times it is Y -shaped with the abductee's legs resting on the
     movable tines. Still other times the table might be slaoted, or even mainly vertical. •

             Dr. James A. Harder, long- time pro- U FOiogist who investigated the famous Pascagoula
     abduction case in the fall of 1973 and endorsed the claims of Charlie Hickson and Calvin
     Parker who said their abductors had long pointed noses and ears, said that some ETs are being
     blamed for the transgressions of others. Harder is now associated with Leo Spriok.Je- -the r~nt
     UFOiogist to focus ou claims of UFO-abductioo. Practically all of Spriok.Je's •abductees•
     report that their ET abductors are benevolent, unlike those of the Hopkins-Jacobs camp which
     reportedly do such dreadful things. Harder suggested that two different groups of ETs are
     visiting Earth. One group long ago completed its mission of inspecting the genitals of
     Earthlings, impregnating young girls and stealing their ova so now they behave in a more
     benovelent manner. It is the other •Johnny-come-lately" group which is now getting all the
     publicity, Harder complained. SUN SUGGESTS the "Evil ETs" be called EETs aod the
     • Benevolent ETs" be called BETs. [To help you remember: BETs are better thao EETs.]

             Conference co-chairman Pritchard recomaaended that •a significaot fraction of the
     resources which NASA currently devotes to listeniag for extraterrestrial radio beacons should
     be redirected to searching for the presence of extraterrestrial life here [on Earth]. • However,
     Pritchard cautioned that if NASA were to do so, it should not expect to find credible physical
     evidence easily or quick.Jy. The reason, he explained, is that •uFOs could have optical stealth
     technology which could render them essentially inYisible or disguise them as familiar objects. •

     SUN COMMENT: If Pritchard is correct, ETs could disguise their flying saucers to resemble
     a Mercedes which means that reports of "Unidentified Flying Mercedes• should not be rejected
     out-of- hand. Another possibility is that ETs could disguise UFOs to look like 747s.

     OOPS: Bottom of page 1 on las~(May) issue of SUN, please change word •photogrammatic• to
           "photogrammetric. •

     NOTE: Opinions expressed in SUN are those or its Editor, unless otherwise noted, and do not necessarily represen!-,1b ~~
     or any organizations with which be is affiliated. SUN thanks Dr. Gary Posner ror his invaluable help in prooC/dtit~'l--\l 1·'u£:'/i,-t
     ---------------------------------------------------------~---------~~ --
                                                                         't'c}
     SKEPTICS UFO NEWSLETTER (SUN) IS PUBLISHED BIMONTHLY. susi!i'IPTION •
                                                                             S:
     RATE (SIX ISSUES) is $15 for U.S./Caoada. Overseas Rate is $20/year for A" ail senic@t>
     (Plea~e make checks payable to Philip J. Klass.)                        :§\ §,    ~\· 1
           ~                                                                                                         ~           ~        4~ ~      ~
                                                                                                                     o-              "" t ·         ~
                ".                                                                                                   " ',);.,
                                                                                                                          vtf1;7
                                                                                                                                     "'       "()
                                                                                                                                              ~~
                                                                                                                                                   ~L
                                                                                                                                 IJ~lnHA \.
