{"created_utc": "2026-09-19T01:50:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 485439, "source_ctime_ns": 1788547905166778408, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-48-Nov-1977-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788547905153185027, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-48-Nov-1977-.pdf", "source_sha256": "fc228d98632b15aba782aa4ab097f344ae5b61ec1ece9fd633e20598557be5be"}

S
'
    KEPTICS UFONEWSLETTER
    By Philip J. Klass                  404 'N .. St SW Wash;ilglon DC 20024
                                                                                         SUN #48

                                                                                          Nov. 1997
                                                                                         Copyright
                                                                                         (1997)


    UFOiogist Robert Dean Claims .. It's Quite Easy To Lie To
    The American Public." And Demonstrates This Claim To Be True

            Robert 0. Dean, a rising star in the UFO lecture circuit, initially attracted attention by
    claiming to reveal the "Cosmic Top Secret" results of an alleged three-year UFO investigation
    by NATO in the early 1960s. But in his lecture on July 5 at the Roswell 50th anniversary
    celebration, Dean claims he has found extensive evidence that ETs have been visiting Earth for
    thousands of years. The evidence: paintings found on the walls of prehistoric caves in northern
    Spain and in ancient Egyptian tombs. Seemingly, Dean has become • A~~ri~~·s t>wn Erich von
    llanik.en; who achieved fame wit~ similar claims in his 1968 book., "Chariots of the Gods. •

             Examination of Dean's service record confirms that he did serve four years at NATO
    headquarters from mid ·1963 to mid-1967 with the rank of Master Sergeant, as be claims. (Dean
    entered the Army on April 5, 1950, and retired on Oct. 31, 1976- -with many decorations for
    combat service in Korea and later in Vietnam.) But while Dean claims he worked as an "Intelli-
    gence Analyst" at NATO headquarters , his military records show his duty assignment there was
    "Ch. Clk. Lang . Svc. Br ." [Chief Clerk Language Service Branch]. During Dean's Roswell talk,
    be claimed be "was trained as an intelligence analyst. • However, Dean's service record does not
    show he ever received such training. Nor does his service record show any assignments as an
    "intelligence analyst" during his entire 26 years in the Army.

            According to Dean , UFOs flying over Europe during the 1950s and early 1960s almost
    precipitated World War III. He told his Roswell audience that "large numbers of large metallic,
    circular objects were flying all over Europe .... These things would fly in formations out of the east
    toward the west over Europe, over the southern coast of England, then they would turn north over the
    channel and then would disappear off of NATO radars off the Norwegian Sea. For a time the
    Soviets thought they belonged to us. For a time, we honestly thought they belonged to the Soviets.
    It became apparent to both of us very quickly that these objects did not belong to either side because
    of their repeated and continual demonstration of an incredibly advanced technology .... They would
    fly circles around our fighter jets .... We didn't know who they were, what they were, why they were .
    here and where they were from. •

    DEAN CLAIMS NATO LAUNCHED ITS OWN UFO INVESTIGATION                           IN EARLY 1961

           Dean claims that in early 1961 NATO launched a three-year investigation to determine
    if UFOs posed a possible military threat. The results were contained in a NATO report titled
    "AN ASSESSMENT (An Evaluation of a Possible Military Threat to Allied Forces in Europe),"
    which was published in 1964--a year after Dean arrived at NATO. Tbe report was given
    NATO 's top security classification--"Cosmic Top Secret "--and, with annexes, stood eight inches
    high. Its contents were considered so sensitive, according to Dean, that only 15 copies of the
    report were printed. Dean told,.bi!t Roswell audience that NATO's report revealed that "there
    had been case after case of iVFO] landings, face-to- face confrontations, invitations to come
    aboard their ships. It had been going on for some years. It has been going on for centuries."

           According to Dean, the NATO report included not only in-depth studies by atmospheric
    physicists, astronomers and astrophysicists, but also by sociologists, historians and theologians.
    Dean said the report concluded that "there apparently was not a military threat because if... [ETs)
    were hostile or malevolent, the game would have been up a long time ago. •
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                         -2-                                           Nov. 1997

        However, Dean reported, NATO officials were- -understandably- -very disturbed by the
fact tbat one of the four types of ETs "looked exactly like we do, and I don't mean close. I mean
exactly.... The admirals and the generals were terribly troubled by the idea that these guys [ETs J
could be walking up and down the corridors of our headquarters and we would never know....that
there could be advanced intelligence in our midst and we didn't know who they were, where they were
from, why they were here or what they were up to. It drove the military planners up the wall. •

SUN Comment: Presumably, NATO headquarters security guards would not admit anyone with-
out appropriate identification passes- -bot conceivably the human-like ETs might fabricate
counterfeit credentials. One would expect that NATO would quickly have taken steps to enable
its security guards to detect counterfeit credentials and to capture any human-like ETs trying
to enter NATO headquarters. But Dean made no mention or any such increased security effort.

Dean Claims He Had Frequent Access To .. Cosmic Top Secret .. Report

         If NATO did indeed l~oncb it~ own UFO investigation in the early i960s, and if its
report was classified •cosmic Top Secret" and only 15 copies were printed to restrict knowledge
or its contents, bow did a •rowly" Master Sergeant like Dean gain access to the highly classified
report? Very easily, according to Dean. He claims be was on duty at 2 a.m. in NATO's War
Room and having trouble staying awake when "an Air Force bird colonel thumped it down on my
desk. • (In an interview published in the winter 1995 · 96 issue of UFO Update AZ magazine,
Dean said "this Air Force controller, a bird colonel...pulled this thing out of the vault and he said,
'here read this. This will wake you up.'" Not only did Dean claim he once had access to what he
calls the most sensitive document in NATO, but he claims that he "read it repeatedly, studied it,
pulled the annexes out, looked at the photographs, the autopsy reports ... •)

        In the same magazine interview, Dean said be learned from the NATO report that a 100-
rt.-diameter UFO bad crashed in Germany in late 1963 or 1964 and bad been recovered, along
with 12 ET bodies, by a British Army engineer battalion. The NATO report, according to Dean,
included comments of the British pathologist during his examination or the ET bodies. These
included: "Holy shit," "Jesus Christ, • "My God, look at this."

         Dean told his Roswell audience that "/was to learn later--before/ departed [NATO] in
1967- -that they concluded that we were not merely dealing with visitations from other planets or
from other star systems or from other galaxies. They had begun to conclude- -and I learned this
later before I retired from the Army in 1976- -and this is another thing that really shook our
scientists and our military people up-.- we are app.arently dealing with advanced intelligence that
seems to be multi-dimensional in their source.... Some of the more advanced species, more advanced
races were apparently multi-dimensional." Dean said that "when I left the service in 1976, we knew
of at least 12 different groups [i.e., types of "aliens"]. I have talked to old cronies, old colleagues
who are still involved in government work and they say the latest estimate- - my God- -could be over
a hundred. • [SUN Comment: Seemingly, this tiny planet is a popular tourist attraction for ETs.]

Dean's Unusual ..von Daniken Type" UFO Research
                                 ..   f •
        Dean told his Roswell audience that he had "always been fascinated by ancient art• and
that he "began to find interesting areas of [UFO J research in art .... / began to find what intrigued
me as strange-shaped lenticular [thin oval· shaped] clouds in so many ancient paintings. Now
meteorologists will tell you, of course, there are lenticular clouds. You see them all the time, quite
common, actually. But I wondered why so many lenticular clouds were continually showing up in
ancient paintings- -particularly about the life of that beautiful young man from Galilee 2000 years
ago. • In other words, . Dean began to suspect that oval- shaped douds which appeared in
paintings and tapestries with religious themes were really flying saucers. Dean treated his
Roswell audience to a slide show of some of these ancient pieces of art be bas discovered.
                                                                                                           -

Skeptics UFO Newsletter                         -3-                                            Nov. 1997

         One of Dean's slides was a Baroque painting in a European museum "showing Moses
receiving the 10 Commandments, but interestingly enough in the background are three objects that
look like circular domed discs." Later, Dean said he discovered that the Dead Sea Scrolls
referred to the presence of "chariots of glory." Dean showed a slide of prehistoric paintings oo
the walls of caves io southern France aod northern Spain, estimated to be 30,000 years old,
which showed aoimals of that period aod objects which he claimed are "exactly like {UFOs] in
the skies over Mexico City on a daily basis." Another slide showed a 4,000-year-old painting on
the wall of a cave near the Russian-Chinese border, prompting Dean to comment: "Who is this
little dude? And what is this guy here with this interesting gauntlet or globe, holding some circular
disc in his hand?.... This thing in the sky? This little thing behind it or under it, this jet? And this
little dude with the little antenna on top, with a space suit and a helmet? What in the world is this
artist trying to communicate 4,000 years ago?"

        Another of Deao's slides showed a painting from ao aocieot Egyptiao tomb which
portrayed the chest of ao aocieot Egyptian god. Deao explained: "I looked at it and thought,
something's not right here, so I turned it upside down and looked at it again." When the painting
was inverted, Dean found "there's a dome here, a cabin of some kind. There are jets coming out
of the back of this thing .... / think it's a little jet scooter... 5,000 years ago."

       (It may be only coincidence that Dean has focused his •uFO research" oo aocient art- -in
which he has had a long-time interest. This would allow Deao to 'risit museums around the
globe aod charge off his expenses as research against his UFO-lecture income.)

Authentic Once .. Top Secret .. Documents Challenge Dean's Claims

        On Dec. 2-3, 1994, the Central Intelligence Agency released 79 •National Intelligence
Estimates" (NIE), previously classified "Top Secret," at a Harvard University conference (which
SUN's editor attended). These NIEs, covering the period from 1950 to 1984, were prepared by
the CIA io collaboration with the directors of intelligence for the USAF, Army, Navy, Atomic
Energy Commission, FBI aod National Security Agency (NSA). The NIEs were based oo the
best available information on the military situation io Europe. Roughly half of the NIEs made
public io late 1994 cover the period of 1950 to 1964- -when Deao claims that "large numbers of
large metallic, circular objects were flying all over Europe."

     NOT ONE OF THESE MANY ONCE •ToP SECRET" NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE
ESTIMATES MENTIONS UFOs OR THAT •LARGE NUMBERS OF LARGE METALLIC,
CIRCULAR OBJECTS WERE FLYING ALL OVER EUROPE.•

        Dean claims be is "violating my national security oath" by revealing the contents of the
(alleged) NATO report. If true, be could be punished (at least covertly) by terminating his
military pension. (Or be could be permanently silenced by a "burglar" with a gun entering bis
Tucson home in the middle of the night.) Doring ao ioter'riew published io the Dec./ Jao. 1997
issue of the British magazine UFO Reality, Deao was asked if he had ever been threatened for
revealing •cosmic Top Secret" information. Deao replied: "Pve not had any overt threats, but I've
faced some subtle intimidation..• J'vi had black helicopters over my house ... "

        Dean explained to his Roswell audience that he feels justified in violating his secrecy
oath to expose the government's UFO policy of "deceit and deception." When Dean appeared on
the TV show "Roswell: Coverups & Close Encounters," which aired on the Sci-Fi Channel last
July, he said : "It's quite easy to lie to the American public because they don't do their homework. •

       Dean said be bas recently created a Coalition for Honesty in Government to petition
Con,t~ress
         for UFO hearings, and, hopes to obtain a million signatures by late this year. [IF SUN
should create a Coalition for Honesty io UFOiogy, Deao will not be allowed to join.]
         '.
                                                                                                      -

Skeptics UFO Newsletter                       -4-                                         Nov. 1997

MUFON UFO Journal Criticized By Members For Not Being
Sufficiently .. Pro- UFO ... Prompting Editor Stacy To Resign

        The 15-page article by Kent Jeffrey in the June issne of the MUFON UFO Jonrnal--
published just before the MUFON annual conference in Grand Rapids, Mich., •infuriated• many
MUFON members, and triggered the resignation of Dennis Stacy who has edited the Jonrnal
for the last 13 years. In the article, which was approved for publication by MUFON's top
director, Walt Andrus, Jeffrey cited new evidence that bad prompted him to change his views
and conclude that the Brazel ranch debris was not a crashed ET craft [SUN #46/ July 1997].
One might think MUFON members would want to learn what bad prompted Jeffrey's action.

        According to Andrus, "the Kent Jeffrey article infuriated the membership in general,
since it was too long, full of apparent errors in reasoning, and debunking in nature," Andrus
candidly admitted in his "Director's Message" column in the August issue of the Journal.
•Members want to hear about UFO sighting reports, not arguments between writers. • Andrus said
that for many years the publication bad been "the voice of UFOiogy, • but it now faces
competition from both print and electronic media and •no longer holds that distinguished
position. • MUFON's Board of Directors, which met on the last day of the conference, decided
to include a survey questionnaire in the September issue of the Journal, seeking members' views
on the content of the publication. Andrus admitted that MUFON has suffered "a significant
decline" in membership over the last two years. Although Andrus gave no figures, current
MUFON membership is about 4,300· -down more than 15% from its peak· -which has cut
MUFON's income. Stacy promptly submitted his resignation, and by mid· September it had been
accepted. He will be replaced by Dwight Connelly, who edited MUFON's monthly magazine in
the mid-1970s.

        Based on SUN's occasional communications with Stacy and his writings in MUFON's
journal, it is evident to SUN that he has himself become skeptical about the "Roswell Incident"
and wild UFO-abduction tales- -which have become the cornerstones of UFOiogy.              This
skepticism was evident in some of Stacy's reviews of some wilder UFO books. It was Stacy's
moderation that made the MUFON publication the "voice of rational UFOiogy." But Andrus
needs to please the majority of MUFON's members if the group is to survive financially.

Hopkins Claims ETs Have Amazing Power Of .. Selective Invisibility ..

        Doring Budd Hopkins' lecture on July 4 at the Roswell 50th anniversary celebration, he
nplained why be and David Jacobs are convinced that ETs have the miraculous power to make
themselves, their craft and even "abductees• invisible to some persons but visible to others, i.e.,
•selective invisibility.• Hopkins said be bas "many, many cases" where people (claim) they were
beamed up to a hovering UFO in large cities, such as New York, Paris, Rome and London, where
there should be many witnesses. "There is no way that these things could happen and there not be
witnesses seeing people floating up beams of light and seeing spacecraft, • Hopkins said. "We have
many cases where people seem to be abducted in a crowded place with other people around. • This
lack of confirming witnesses sbo..ld prompt Hopkins to question the veracity of the abduction
claims. Instead, the absence of witnesses convinces Hopkins and Jacobs that ETs most have the
power of •selective invisibility. •

          For example, in the now famous Linda "Cortile" case, Hopkins believes that ETs
intentionally arranged for her "beaming up" to a hovering UFO to be witnessed by Javier Perez
de Cuellar, then Secreta~y General of the United Nations [SUN #42/Nov. 1996], and by one
woman driving across the Brooklyn Bridge·- but not by other motorists whose cars (allegedly)
also stalled on the bridge. In other words, ETs decide who among many potential witnesses will
be··'ilble to see them, and who will not. But ETs have even more miraculous powers.
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                      -5-                                         Nov. 1997


        Hopkins described an incident he investigated in 1992 in Brisbane, Australia, involving
a couple and their two young sons- -seemingly substantiated by a color photo taken by the
husband . The incident occurred while the family was relaxing on a popular beach where the
husband (reportedly) took a picture of his wife and sons. When the film was processed it
showed only the beach. After using regressive hypnosis on the woman and her husband,
Hopkins concluded that shortly after the husband activated the camera's shutter, the wife and
two boys had been beamed up to a hovering UFO- -which made itself and the abductees
invisible to the husband and to the many persons on the beach.

        While the wife and two sons were being subjected to a traditional medical exam aboard
the UFO, the husband seemingly was paralyzed- -standing on the beach with his camera in front
of his face for perhaps 30-60 minutes. Because other persons on the beach would find it strange
that the man continued to stand there looking into the camera viewfinder, the ETs made the
husband, and his camera, invisible. (A more detailed account of this case, reported by Hopkins
at the 1993 MUFON conf(;!rence in Richmond, Va., can be found in SUN #23/Sept. 1993). A
slide of the husband's photo showed an ordinary beach scene with no people in it, prompting
Hopkins to comment: wAn invisible man with an invisible camera with an invisible film in it took
a photograph of invisible people and what they got was the general [beach) surroundings. •

       Hopkins overlooked the most miraculous aspect of the tale. If the woman and her two
sons were really standing in front of the camera but were invisible to the film, their bodies
wonld block. out the camera's view of part of the background. Yet there are no blocked-out
portions of the scene. Seemingly, the ETs were able to fill in the missing details of the
background on the film that were being blocked by the bodies of the woman and her two sons.
The only possible alternative nplanation, which is too wild to be considered by Hopkins, is that
the woman was spinning a tall tale to impress a visiting celebrity· ·after attending his lecture.

Freedom Of Information Act Request Seeks To Verify Corso's Claims

       A Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request was recently filed with the Army seeking
any information that could confirm the wild claims made by former Lt. Col. Philip Corso in his
recent book, "The Day After Roswell." Corso claims that most of our advanced technologies
today, such as computer chips, lasers, and night-vision goggles, are the result of ET technology
recovered from the Roswell crashed-saucer [SUN #47 / Sept. 1997]. Further, that be himself .
played a key role in the early 1960s in covertly transferring the ET technology to U.S. industry.

        The recent FOIA request was filed by Peter Gersten, who in the late 1960s was the rii'St
to use the then-new FOIA law to obtain UFO information from the files of the Central
Intelligence Agency and later from the National Security Agency (NSA). Gersten, then an
attorney in New York. City, bad a long-standing interest in UFOs. His interest dimmed
following the release of the MJ -12 papers a decade ago, and three years ago be moved to
Scottsdale, Az.

       During Gersten's visit to Roswell for its recent anniversary celebration, be met Corso and
his co-author, William J. Birnes, w'tiicb prompted the FOIA request. Gersten told SUN that be
questions the accuracy of claims made in Corso's book., but added: "I'm unable to understand why
he would just come out and lie. I don't understand the motivation. w (One possible motivation is
fame and fortune. Corso's book. is now in its si:l:tb printing and be bas achieved international
fame.)

           SUN asked if Corio was willing to sign a sworn statement that the claims made in his
book. were true. Gersten replied that when be bad posed the same question to co-author Birnes.
•Ht:.. ·turned white and tried to put me off."

        '.
                                                                                                                -

Skeptics UFO Newsletter                            -6-                                              Nov. 1997


         When SUN asked Gersten for his current views on UFOs, be replied: "I believe this planet
is in contact with another form of intelligence, but I don't believe UFOs are the best evidence. I think
that 'crop circles' are the best evidence .... We should be studying those 'crop circles'.... " Gersten added
that since moving to Arizona he has become interested in astrology.

MUFON's Research Director Praises Corso Book

        Dr. Robert M. Wood, MUFON's director or research, offered a strong endorsement of
Corso's book. in the August issue or the MUFON UFO Journal. Wood's seeming acceptance or
Corso's claims- -that ET technology recovered from the (alleged) Roswell crashed saucer made
its way into U.S. industry- -is surprising. Until Wood's recent retirement, he was a.a official or
McDonnell Douglas, involved in the company's space activities. SUN wonders if Wood can
identify which or his company's advances in space technology should be credited to the debris
recovered from the Brazel ranch rather than the ingenuity or the company's engineers.

         Wood's lengthy review of the Corso book concludes: "I predict this book will wind its way
into the list of very important books on UFOs in the next few years. No U.S. history or UFO library
should be without it, since it is the first to describe a very believable reverse engineering process for
alien parts." (Emphasis added.)

           Another retired military officer, Sir Peter Horsley, has rouod a publisher and obtained
publicity for his autobiographical book. by means or outlandish UFO claims. Horsley, former
Air Marshal in Britain's Royal Air Force (RAF), claims he met with an ET- -named Mr. Janos--
in 1954 in a London flat. A feature story in the Aug. 10 edition or (London's) Mail On Sunday,
quotes Horseley as saying: "We talked for hours about traveling in space and time .... He didn't say
he was a visitor from another planet but I had that impression. I believe he was here to observe us.
I never saw him again." The article says, "Sir Peter cannot remember the date or the number of the
flat ... nor can he describe the man he met there- -but he is adamant the encounter took place." The
article quotes H orseley as saying: "Janus was there, sitting by the fire in a deep chair. He asked,
<Jf'hat is your interest in flying saucers?'" Horsley acknowledges that be bas been interested in
UFOs since 1952. In 1973, Horseley was named deputy commander-in-chief of the RAF Strike
Command. His book, titled "Sounds From Another Room," was slated to be published last
month.

Hopkins Makes False Accusation Against SUN's Editor

        During a talk-show appearance on Philadelphia radio station WHYY on June 26, in
which I did not participate, Budd Hopkins stated: "Philip Klass, who is the dean of this sort of
ad hominem attack in the debunking field, was recently asked if he had interviewed any of the
purported witnesses in the [Roswell] case... and he said no, he doesn't have to. He knows that this
couldn't have happened.... I'm in favor of skepticism. What I'm against is the kind of 'true believer,'
such as Philip Klass, who will simply say: 'I don't have to interview anybody. I don't have to read
any of the books, simply because I know that sort of thing cannot happen.'"

        I have never made such a statement about Roswell, or any UFO case- -including Hopkins'
highly touted Linda •beam-m~-o~~Scotty• Manhattan abduction case. I have read every book.
on the •Roswell Incident• as well as every article published in the MUFON UFO Journal a.ad
in the International UFO Reporter. I have been investigating the case for eight years a.ad have
visited Roswell twice. I have personally interviewed oine key witnesses a.ad have studied audio
and video taped interviews with many others who claim invo~vement.

      The results or my -lengthy investigation are reported in my new book., •The Real Roswell
Crashed-Saucer Coverup; just published by Prometheus Books, Amherst, N.Y •
   ...
                                                                                                          -
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                           -7-                                         Nov. 1997

11
     The REAL Roswell Crashed-Saucer Coverup ..

       "It has been called a 'Cosmic Watergate'--the greatest government coverup of all time
by those who claim that the United States military recovered a crashed 'flying saucer,' along
with several extraterrestrial bodies, near Roswell, New Mexico, in 1947. This accusation,
made in numerous books, articles, and TV shows on the 'Roswell Incident,' is based on the
decades-old recollections of persons who claim to have been involved in the incident.

         "The REAL Roswell Crashed-Saucer Coverup proves beyond any doubt, based on once 'Secret'
and 'Top Secret' Air Force and CIA documents, that there is indeed a massive coverup of the truth.
It reveals that those involved in the crashed-saucer coverup are the authors of books and
articles, and TV show producers, who falsely accuse the government while they themselves withhold
information contained in these once 'Secret' and 'Top Secret' documents to line their own pockets.

        "In contrast to the hard evidence contained in these once highly classified documents, author
Philip I. Klass reveals flaws and contradictions in the tales told by some of the key alleged witnesses
who claim to have seen a crashed saucer and I or ET bodies. He also reveals how Roswell researchers
themselves sharply disagree as to what allegedly occurred and when it happened. The book
documents how one Roswell researcher I author caught his long-time partner 'spinning tall tales.'"
•      •        •   •     •     • •      • •       • • •        • • •           •     • •        •
       The foregoing is from the jacket of the new book by SUN's editor, published by
Prometheus Books, Amherst, N.Y. The 242 - page hard-cover book is priced at $24.95. Au
autographed copy can be purchased from tbe author for $25 (which includes mailing cost).
Overseas purchasers wbo want book sent via airmail, please send $30 in cash or money order•

.. V2 .. Spreads The Word Via Stickers: Say NO To Alien Entities

        While •abductologists" such as Budd Hopkins, David Jacobs, and Dr. John Mack seem
to welcome growing numbers of UFO-abduction claims and make no effort to try to stop the
(alleged) incidents, an anonymous person in the state of Washington has done so with a •say
NO To Deceptive Alien Entities" campaign and colorful stickers. He/she uses the pseudonym
of •vr and provides stickers without charge. (See sample below.)

         According to V2 , "The Spread The Word [STW] resistance movement began as a call for
discernment and action against abuses toward humanity demonstrated by so-called alien entities. ·
With abduction reports on the rise, the nature of the perpetrators is becoming more clear. These
aliens, specifically the Greys and their associates, are breaking the laws of both Mankind and God.
They kidnap, rape, implant and traumatize men, women and children repeatedly. They have no
compassion for emotions or pain, mirroring the worst of our behavior. STWhas established a voice
of resistance through an emblem- -the image on our stickers .... Highly respected researchers of alien
resistance are finding evidence that strength of spirit and righteous anger are successfully averting
abduction attempts. People need to know and to believe: Saying NO works .... Take an educated
stand." Since the campaign was launched in 1995, V2 says he/she has sent out millions of
stickers to numerous countries around the globe.

       U.S. residents can obtai& 6'! of the miniature ET stickers by sending V2 a self- addressed
stamped envelope. If non-U.S., SUN suggests you send S1 to V2 to cover cost of airmail. If you
send several dollars, you will receive a roll of 1,000 stickers. You will also receive information
on the very modest cost of bumper stickers, T-shirts, etc., that promote the •say NO To
Deceptive Alien Entities" campaign. Charitable contributions are welcome.

           Write to:          V2/Spread The Word
                              P.O. Box 911
                              Stanwood,, Wash. 98292

           '.
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                 -8-                                                  Nov. 1997


SHORT SHRIFT

•       Staotoo Friedmao's oew book. is paooed: The Juoe 29 editioo of the Albuquerque Jour-
oal, which canied reviews of 10 receot UFO book.s, offered the followiog commeotary oo •Top
Secret/MAJJC•: "If you want to read a book about Stanton Friedman, nuclear physicist (as the
UFO researcher likes to call himself), this book is for you. If you want to read a book that sheds
light on the UFO phenomenon, pass. 'While the UFO community has largely abandoned a bundle of
allegedly top secret documents about the government's MJ-12 UFO coverup as a feeble hoax,
Friedman remains unrepentant. His tales about himself and his heroism to get at the truth clog up
his narrative, especially when the 'truth' is the pathetic MJ -12. • (Emphasis added.)

*        Friedman asks Roswell audience to boo SUN's editor: A report on the Roswell 50th
anniversary celebration by freelance writer Antonio Lopez, published in the August issue of The
Santa Fe Sun, included the following comment on Stanton Friedman's July 5 lecture: •Jn a
rather ugly display of character assassination, nuclear physicist Stanton Friedman, best known for
revitalizing the Roswell incident in his book Crash at Corona, showed a photo slide of public nemesis
and UFO debunker Philip Klass, asking the audience to boo the picture. In Roswell, to many of the
participants, fairness got abducted. •

•       If you wooder why New Mnico Congressmau Steveo Schiff, who prompted the
GAO/USAF Roswell iovestigatioos, bas "disappeared• from the UFO sceoe, here's the reasoo:
Schiff's press secretary, Barry Bitzer, explaios: "I've put my boss on a 'no UFO media diet.' This
subject made him an instant celebrity a few years ago. We got swamped with mail and television
crews and that's the only thing that anyone ever wanted to talk to him about. So now, unless there's
something new to discuss, he's not going to revisit the topic, • according to an article in the Sept.
27 edition of the Washington Post.

•       Potpourri: Roswell's Ioteroatiooal UFO Museum & Research Ceoter reports it bad
24,588 visitors duriog the six days of last summer's 50th aooiversary celebration. UFOiogist
Michael Lindemann, who was ooe of the featured speakers, offers the followiog appraisal: "On
this occasion, and perhaps for years to come, Roswell can lay claim to the title of 'UFO Mecca' for
earthlings in search of the ever-elusive truth about UFOs. • This claim might be challenged by
GULF BREEZE, FLA.· ·made famous by Ed
Walters and his many flying saucer photos.          • Don Addis
UFOs (seemingly) return often to Gulf                              I ~ '<OIIR. KII-ID. YOV SOY A GIRL A
Breeze to provide visitors with "UFO photo                         DRINK, AI!.DV'T kfR To yoUR <SH If>
opportunities," which were sorely lacking in                      FeR FVN ANtl E:XPER!MCNTS ... AND 'THEN
                                                                          '<CI.> IJE'I/fR CA~L ...
Roswell last summer.       SUN predicts that
Roswell could correct this deficiency if it
were to hire Ed Walters and make his pay-
ment proportional to the number of UFOs
that show up in Roswell's night skies. Arctu-
rus Books, Port St. Lucie, Fla., which special-
izes in books and videos on UFOs, has experi-
enced a 15% drop in sales this year, according
to owner Robert Girard despits-- or possibly
because of-- extensive TV coverage this year.


NOTE: Opinions expres&ed in SUN are tbosc: of its editor--unlessotberwise noted--and do NOT necessarily represent tbe
views of any organization witb wbicb be is affiliated--or bis spouse. We tban~ Dr. Gary Posner for belp in proofreading.

SKEPTICS UFO NEWSLETTER (SUN) IS PUBLISHED BIMONTHLY. SUBSCRIPTION
RATE (SIX ISSUES) IS $15/YEAR FOR U.S./CANADA. OVERSEAS RATE (AIRMAIL) IS
$20-/YEAR. (PLEASE MAKE CHECK/MONEY ORDER PAYABLE TO PHILIP J. KLASS.)

        ' 0
