{"created_utc": "2026-09-19T22:02:14Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 521483, "source_ctime_ns": 1788559580938231186, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-41-Sept-1996-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788559580920066518, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-41-Sept-1996-.pdf", "source_sha256": "68e49c4762a10ec20738b78aed40985909ced2f7e3b2fa826e665881d01db957"}

-....,   S
         KEPTICS
             By Philip J. Klass
                                   UFO                   NEWSLETTER
                                                         404 "IV" St. SW Washtilgton DC 20024
                                                                                                                      SUN #41

                                                                                                                      Sept. 1996

                                                                                                                      Copyright
                                                                                                                      (1996)


         . GAO Revised Its Roswell Report At Congr~man Schiff's Request
                                                                                                i
                     SUN's continuing investigation bas revealed that Congressman Steven Schiff (R.-NM)
             got the General Accounting Office to revise its initial report when its lengthy investigation
             failed to find any evidence of a crashed ET craft or a government cover-up. The initial (early
             June 1995) report informed Schiff that the GAO had located two documents, one of them an
             FBI teletype, which confirmed the USAF's 1947 explanation that the debris discovered by "Mac"
             Brazel on the Foster ranch 75 miles north of the Roswell Army Air Field (RAAF) was from a
             crashed weather balloon and its radar target [SUN #35/Sept. 1995]. This contradicted Schiff's
             earlier views--as reported in the Jan. 14, 1994, edition of The Washington Post--that "it wasn't
             a balloon. Apparently, it's aTWther government cover-up."

·~                   SUN has learned that on June 14, 1995, Schiff and members of his starr met with the
             GAO's two principal Roswell investigators, Gary K. Weeter a'nd Jack Kriethe, to discuss the
             initial draft of the Roswell report. Schiff asked whether GAO investigators had looked for
             outgoing teletype messages from RAAF after it had issued a press release on July 8, 1947,
             saying a flying disc had been recovered. The GAO representatives said that they did not recall
             finding any such messages when they visited the National Personnel Records Center (NPRC)
             in St. Louis but that they had not considered this significant enough to mention in their report.
             Nor had GAO found any teletype messages from the Pentagon or 8th Air Force Headquarters
             to RAAF dealing with the incident which might prompt RAAF to respond by teletype rather
             than by telephone. But prompted by Schiff's query, GAO investigators said they would check
             their notes when they returned to their office.

                    GAO subsequently called the St. Louis center's Chi,e f Archivist, W.G. Seibert, and
             learned that outgoing teletype messages from RAAF for the period of Oct. 1946 through
             December 1949 had been destroyed, probably in the mid-1950s when 38,000 bo:r.:es of old records
             were transferred to St. Louis. On June 20, GAO so informed Schiff who then •suggested• that
             the GAO revise its report to mention these •missing records. • The GAO did so. (Schiff is a
             member of the House Government Operations Committee which oversees the GAO.)

                     On July 5, 1995, the GAO sent a revised (second) draft report to all interested agencies
             including the Pentagon and NPRC, seeking their comments. This new draft included the
             following! • .rf! m:r search fo,. .·-.:co."ds con.r: .~ming t'zc Ros'"'':!Jl crcsJ:, :ve lt:::med th~: s;;me gov.emmer.t
             records covering RAAF acivities have apparently been destroyed and others have TWt. For example,
             our investigation indicates that... RAAF outgoing messages (October 1946 through December 1949)
             have been destroyed. These records were listed on the RAAF document disposition register as
             'permanent' records. Senior government records management officials told us that because these
             were permanent records. they should TWt have been destroyed." [Emphasis added.]
                                                .   r,
                     NPRC's Chief Archltist sharply challenged the accuracy of these last two sentences In
             his July 7 message to GAO, sent by fa:r.: at appro:r.:imately 4:30p.m. (CDT). The GAO accepted
             Seibert's corrections and deleted from the final report the erroneous claim that the •missing•
             RAAF documents •were permanent records [and) they should not have been destroyed. •

                     HOWEVER, SCHIFF'S OFFICE APPARENTLY HAD ALREADY WRITTEN A PRESS
             RELEASE (BASED ON THE GAO'S SECOND DRAFT) AND FAILED TO NOTICE THAT
             THIS ERRONEOUS GAO STATEMENT HAD BEEN DELETED IN THE FINAL DRAFT. So
             the Schiff press release featured the •missing documents. • It quoted Schiff as saying: "It is my
             understanding that these outgoing messages were permanent records, which should never have been
             destroyed." Schiff added: "At least this effort caused the Air Force to ackTWwledge that the crashed
             vehicle was TW weather balloon," revealing that he bad not studied the USAF's 23-page report. ·
Skeptics UPO Newsletter                      -2-                                        Sept. 1996


        Not suq.risingly, many of the resulting a,e wspaper articles on the GAO report, prompted
by Schiff's press release, canied headlines li~e: "MILITARY DOCUMENTS FROM ROSWELL
INCIDENT ARE DESTROYED" or "RECORDS DESTROYED IN UFO INCIDENT. • Thanks to
Schiff's soggested revision and his misleading press release, he was spared the embarrassment
of admitting that the GAO investigation had failed to find any mention or evidence- -even in
the highly classified minutes of the National Security Council- -that the U.S. bad recovered a
crashed ET craft i,a New MeJ:ico.

       One curious omission in the GAO's Roswell Report Is that it does not comment on the
accuracy of the USAF's report on its own lengthy Investigation into the "Roswell Incident,"
wbich was released        a
                        year earlier,  The USAF report concluded tbat the unusual debris
discovered by rancher "Mac" Brazel on Jun~ 14, 1947, was from a train of about 20 weather
balloons and group of radar targets that had been launched on June 4, 1947, from Alamogordo
AFB, N .M., as p~rt of a then Top Secret Project Mogul experiment, Intended to detect Soviet
nuclear tests [SUN #30/Nov. 1994), The June 4 launch had been tracked by radar to within 17
miles of the Brazel ranch before radar contact was lost.

        The explan~.tion for this curio,us omission, SUN has learned, is that Schiff did NOT ask
the GAO to evaluate the accuracy of the USAF report. One possible explanation for Schiff's
failure to ask GAO to evaluate the USAF report is that it was simply an oversight; the other
is that Schiff r~ared the GAO wonld endorse the USAF report.


Foot Doctor Heads MUFON's Investigation of .. Alien Implants ..

        Dr. R.oger ·K. Leir, a Southern California podiatrist, provided attendees at MUFON's July
1996 conference in Greensboro, N.C., with an interim report on two (alleged) "alien implants"
which he sorgically removed from opposite sides or the big toe or a female "abductee, • and
another object removed by another sorgeon from the back or the baud of a man. The three
small objects were covered with what Leir called a gray-colored biological membrane. As with
all previously reported "implants,• . not one of the tiny objects showed any evidence or having
been fabricated by intelligent creatures for any useful purpose.

        Dr. Leir, whose Interest in UFOs dates back to childhood and who is active in a Southern
California ~UFON group, expressed surprise that there was no "visible scar, no obvious port
of entry.•   ['this seems especially surpr·i sing to SUN inasmuch as Budd Hopkins and other          \
"abductologists" cite body scars as proof of UFO abductions.]         Leir did not express any
cur!osit] ts to why ETs would select the 1.tmale subjec: ·s big toe for two implants and rocate
them on o'J!posite sides of the bone. Nor did he consider the possibility that the two foreign
bodies might have resulted from an early childhood accident while walking barefoot and that
body growth during the many Intervening years might have eliminated any scars. Lelr did not
comment on the woman's claim that at the time of her UFO experience she was eight months
pregnant, ~ut two weeks after the Incident her doctor told her it was a "false pregnancy."

        Tile male subject, Pat Paninello, reported that his UFO encounter had occurred 41 years
earlier when he was sis: years old. At the time he reported reeling a sharp pain in his left hand
but (seemingly) _.oticed no blood or scar. It was not until 17 years later, following an auto
accident In ·which Parrinello ln).ured his arm, that s:-rays revealed a small lump in his hand,
which a doctor assured h'i.rwas only a .cyst. But in 1984, Paniuello said that while using a
"metal stud:- finder, • he noticed that it would activate when it came near his left hand, which
(seemingly) indh:ated that the object in hi,s hand was metal, not a cyst.

       Prior to the surgical procedure to remove the object from the hand, Leir reported that
a gaussmeter, which measures magnetic field strength, was brought near the hand •and the
gaussmeter went off scale, • indicating an intense magnetic field. To eliminate the possibility
that the intense magnetic field might have been generated by equipment in the operating room,
"'
     t:•·
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                          -3-                                             Sept. 1996


Leir said that Parrinello was taken outside to a parking lot and his hand again was checked--
and again the gaussmeter went off scale. But after the object was removed and placed in a test
tube and checked, "there wasn't any mo;e electromagnetic field detected either in the object or in
Parrinello's hand, • according to Leir. "'

TESTS OF "IMPLANTS" YIELD AMBIGUOUS RESULTS BUT LEIR IS OPTIMISTIC

        Although the surgical removal of the three objects from the two subjects bad been
performed on Aug •. 19, 1995- -nearly a year before Leir's MUFON presentation- -be admitted that
he had little bard data to report on the compo,sition of the objects. Leir said be bad given the
objects to Derrel Sims, his partner in the investigation, who bad provided the names of the two
subjects. Sims, a member of the Houston UFO Network (HUFON), has acquired a "controver-
sial" reputation in the UFO-abduction research field in which he specializes. Leir said that he
and Sims have formed a non- profit organization to raise funds to investigate "alien implants."
The organization is called F.I.R.S.T. (Fund for Interactive Research ' in Space Technology).

        When Sims illuminated the three "implants" with ultraviolet light, Leir said, "all three
were noted to fluoresce a bright green color. This is the identical color that has been seen to appear
on the skin of alleged abductees. It was also noted that the objects appeared to be magnetic and
clung to the scalpel blade. • Leir said the tiny metal rods are now being analyzed by •a world
renowned laboratory .... We hope the results of these tests will be back in the next 10 days [I.e., by July
17]." If the results are anomalous, Leir said, tbe samples will be sent to "a third laboratory that
is connected with academia ..• .And they will look at it and then the academic institution will prepare
a paper... that will be going into scientific journals, • and will be promptly reported to MUFON.

FAMOUS UFOLOGISTS ATTEND RECENT "ALIEN IMPLANT" REMOVAL

        Leir said that three more "implant• surgical procedures had been performed, the most
recent on May lJ, which "were witnessed by a real Who's Who in UFOiogy. • These included
Whitley Strieber, 1J-FO lecturers Michael Lindeman and Robert Dean, a Japanese UFOiogist and
a reporter froui Border.land magazine, representatives from the entertainment industry as well
as some doctors and MUFON members. Former astronaut Gordon Cooper, who has publicly
expressed an interest in UFOs, was invited but unable to attend, Lei~: said.

       One of the recent removals was from the jaw of a male pat~. ent and two others were
removed from the legs of two female subjects. Leir noted that the objects removed from the
two women's legs were in proximity to "typical abduction scoop marks. • [SUN Comment: Clearly
the scars left behind indicate these implants were inserted by ETs with less surgicai skill than ·
those who made implants ;fithout leaving scars oo the two earlier subjects.]

        Dr. Leir said that "over the 32 years of my [medical] practice I've had occasion to speak
to various medical groups across the country and I think it's really safe to say that the nicest
DUdiences, the nicest groups that I have presented work to, are tbe MUFON groups. • Not
surprisingly, the audience responded y\th loud applause.

        A remarkable, if true, discovery reported in the printed version of Leir's paper, published
in the conference proceedings, is that when persons are abducted from their homes the incident
apparently causes deterioration of the bouse. According to Leir, "We have found that there have
been numerous elements of structural change in the involved building, both internally and externally.
Metallic nails have worked th'ei~wdy' out of the wood and rain gutters have been ripped asunder.
Internal sea~s have come apart and screws have backed out of walls. There may also be permanent
changes in the electric structure of the home."

SUN SUGGESTS THAT YOU SEARCH FOR SUCH DETERIORATION EFFECTS IN YOUR
OWN HOME TO DETERMINE IF YOU YOURSELF ARE AN ABDUCTEE WHOSE MEMOR-
IES OF THE INCIDENT "HAVE BEEN SUPPRESSED BY THE ETs.


         ,..
                                                                                                             .. ~ 1_.


Skeptics UPO Newsletter                         -4-                                             Sept. 1996


Brazilian Government Reportedly Captures Two Uve ETs

        Brazil, which provided some of the wildest UFO tales in the 1950s and 1960s, has once
again attracted the attention of UFOiogists with the claim that its government captured two
live ETs on the night of Jan. 20-21 in the vicinity of the city of Varginha. A report on the
incident was provided at the recent MUFON conference by A.J. Gevaerd, who heads Brazil's
largest UFO organization: The Brazilian Center for Flying Saucer Research.

          Gevaerd said the incident started around 3:30p.m. local time when three girls- ·whose
  ages ranged from 12 to 16- -reported seeing a strange-looking creature with dark brown skin,
  large RED eyes, a small nose and mouth, and three short protrubances (horns) on its large bald
  head. [While most ETs are said to have large BLACK eyes, perhaps the eyes of the Brazilian
  ET were bloodshot from staying up too late.] The creature, reportedly, was kneeling as if it was
  injured. The girls said that because the creature had red eyes and horns they assumed it was
  the devil, and so they ran away. The inc.ident did not achieve notoriety until three months
  later, on April 21, via an article in the Varginha newspaper. The article quoted another woman
. w~o c!~·i:ned that she had seen a similar-looking creature whkh was wearing •a helmet with
  some sort of golden device. • according to Gevaerd.

        The article triggered an Investigation by Brazilian UFOlogists which, Gevaerd said,
revealed that:

*        The Brazilian army captured TWO ETs which were then taken to a local hospital.

*       ETs have been attacking Brazilian natives, resulting In a few deaths. In the 1950s, ETs
who visited Brazil were more benevolent. According to one report published in the Sept./ Oct.
1967 issue of the British Flying Saucer Review magazine, a young Brazilian girl dying of cancer
was completely cured as a result of surgery performed by two small ET surgeons. The article
did not say whether or not the ET surgeons left any scars.

        Gevaerd said, •we know for sure that two creatures have been captured, • and are being held
in an underground facility. •we have indications that other creatures have been captured.... Our
estimates are 100% certified. •

 BRAZILIAN       ET-CAPTURE TALE ENDORSED                BY SOME AMERICAN UFOLOGISTS

        Several well- known American UFOiogists, who were in Brazil to speak at a major UFO
conference In early June when the story achieved International fame (Including an article on
the !rc:1t pag~ of tho. Jtne Z& ·issue of WaH Street Journai), offered strong endorsements of the .
reported incident. For example:

•       John S. Carpenter, a leading abductologist: •Jt's a darned good case. I'd say it may be
equal to Roswell. •

•       Stanton T. Friedman, UFO lecturer: •we talked to many people.... The case looks very good
indeed, although not all the pieces have been sorted out. •

         Later, at MUFON's July conference, when abductologist Dr. John E. Mack spoke, he
 said: •J also was in Brazil and interviewed the three young women. I am very impressed by the
 research that Brazilian UFOlog,ilts Jzrrve done on that case. It is an extraordinary case. •


          Brazilian military and government officials flatly deny the whole ET capture tale. But
 this is to be expected, Gevaerd explained, because the Brazilian government is responding to
 directions from the U.S. government for its global UFO cover-up. B~t Gevaerd predicted that
 this would not impede Brazilian UFOiogists: •we are going to have some fantastic surprises by
 October or November. • [SUN's Advice: Don't hold your breath.]


         ,..
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                          -5-                                         Sept. 1996


Friedman Reveals Secret Of His Success As A UFO Lecturer

         In the first chapter of Stanton Friedman's new book, "TOP SECRET/MAJIC," which
promotes the authenticity of the discredited ·MJ -12 papers, he unwittingly reveals the secret of
his success as a pro- UFO lecturer. Friedman briefly describes his career as what he calls "an
itinerant nuclear physicist," in which he worked for four different companies during the 10
years after receiving his Masters degree. In the mid-1960s, while employed by Westinghouse,
Friedman began giving pro- UFO lectures for pay. According to Friedman, "As I gave more
lectures, I found that I enjoyed speaking and that people believed me no matter what I said. A (ter
all. I was a nuclear physicist (or Westinghouse ... " [Emphasis added .]

        The author's "cover- blurb" on the
jacket of Friedman's new book begins:
"TOP SECRET I MAliC is the result of
nuclear physicist Stanton T. Friedman's
eleven year search for the truth about the
mysterious Operation Majestic 12... " [Em-
phasis added .] It bas been more than a
quarter century since Friedman last en-
joyed full-time employment as a nuclear
physicist in industry.

        In the book, Friedman reveals he
was employed briefly in 1969 by MeDon-
nell Douglas because of his "UFO exper-
tise." He was hired by Dr. Robert Wood,
then an official in the company's astro-
nautics division, who had a long-standing
interest in UFOs. Friedman says he was hired "to work on trying to back-engineer flying saucers
using some Blue Sky (far-out thinking) funds available through the Manned Orbiting Laboratory
[MOL) program at McDonnell." By the time that Friedman arrived in California to try to
"reverse-engineer" a flying saucer, the MOL program had been terminated, partially because of
heavy cost overruns. However, the company honored the contract and employed Friedman for
three months. Friedman then found a job at TRW which lasted only six months. Since 1970,
Friedman admits, he has been "the only space scientist known to be devoting full time to ufology."

       If a crashed saucer had been recovered in New Mexico in 1947, surely it would not have
taken the nation's top scientists 22 years to determine if it used some type of nuclear propulsion
system. If it did, a large team or the nation's . top nuClear experts, including many wlio had
developed the world's first A- bomb, would be working to "reverse engineer" the propulsion
system, and there would be no need to hire an "itinerant nuclear physicist."

FRIEDMAN PRAISES BATELLE REPORT BUT COVERS UP ITS CONCLUSIONS

         Friedman has high praise for the Project Blue Book Special Report #14, prepared by the
highly respected Battelle Memorial Institute in 1955, in which Battelle scientists attempted a
statistical analysis of more than 2,000 UFO reports. In Friedman's new book, he writes:
"Perhaps the most telling revelation of the Battelle independent analysis can be found in a set of pie
charts illustrating the relationship between the technical qualifications and reliability of the
witnesses, and the unexplained , ~asls."

        Friedman never mentions the Battelle report's conclusions which deny MJ -12 claims of
two crashed UFOs: "All available data were included in this study .... lt is considered to be highly
improbable that the reports of unidentified aerial objects examined in this study represent
observations of technological developments outside of the range of present- day scientific knowledge.
It is emphasized that there has been a COMPLETE LACK of ANY VALID EVIDENCE OF
PHYSICAL MATTER in any case of a reported unidentified aerial object. • [Emphasis added.]


        ,..
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                 -6-                                                 Sept. 1996


Travis Walton "Speaks With Forked Tongue"

       In 1978, when Travis Walton published his first book describing his alleged UFO
abduction in 1975, titled "The Walton Experi~nce," his account of his troubles with the law
was as follows: "Before I grew out of that rebellious phase I got in_to only one instance of what I
would call serious trouble. I was arrested for my involvement with others in writing bad checks. I
paid for that one stupid mistake in jail. I also voluntarily made restitution by paying everything
back. Charges _were dropped and I was never actually convicted. I was put on probation and the
case was suppose41y closed." [Emphasis added .]

        But In Walton's new book, •Fire In The Sky; he offers a different version: "I had a few
isolated brushes with the law, mostly traffic offenses, but nothing that left me with any record. It
was a small part of my life, a brief phase I went through, but I paid the prices [sic] and really
learned my lesson, and had not so much as a traffic ticket (or a number o( years before the UFO
incident." [Emphasis added .]

        Contrast Walton's 1978 and 1996 accounts with the true facts. On May 5, 1971, less than
five years before Travis' UFO abduction incident, he and Charles Rogers appeared in the
Navajo County Superior Court and pleaded guilty to the following charge: "On or about the night
of February 18, 1971, they broke into the office of the Western Molding Company with intent to steal
and did steal therefrom a quantity of Western Molding checks, and on the 19th day of February
filled out said checks to a fictitious person and signed the name of Robert W. Gonsalves, thereby to
cheat and defraud."

       After Travis Walton and Charles Rogers agreed to make restitution of the funds, they
were placed on a two-year probation. On August 3, 1973 , having lived up to the terms of
probation, they were allowed under Arizona law to "cleanse the record" by appearing in court
and pleading "not guilty " to the original charge. (Charles Rogers is the brother of Mike Rogers,
whom SUN's editor believes was the "architect" of the Walton "abduction" incident, as detailed
in my book "UFOs: The Public Deceived. ")

Hopkins Unveils "New Witness" To Linda "Beam-Me-Up-Scotty" Case

        At the recent MUFON conference, abductologist Budd Hopkins reported he had
discovered a new witness to the alleged UFO abduction of Linda Napolitano who claims she was
•beamed np• to a giant UFO hovering over her Manhattan apartment at about 3:15 a.m. on the
night or Nov. 30, 1989.
                      . . . The
                      ~      ... . . new.
                                      .
                                          witness
                                             .
                                                  died two
                                                        .  years..:JY:.Q:
                                                               -. . .
                                                                          Hopkins'
                                                                            ... ·' .. . first !l.'""lic. . r.~'lort
                                                                                                              '     .on
Linda'S claims was given at the· 1992 MUFON conference In Albuquerque, · where he character-
                                                                                                    "


Ized it as the "most Important" UFO-abduction case in history [SUN #17 /Sept. 1992].

       Because Hopkins said that Linda wanted anonymity, he used the pseudonym "Cortile"
for her last name. Linda seemed quite happy to appear on the podium with Hopkins and to
speak at length to the MUFON audience. Two years later, Linda was a featured speaker at the
1994 MUFON conference in Austin, Tex., and three months later at a conference on "New Age,
Alien Agenda and Cosmic Conspiracies" held in Mesa, Ariz. [SUN #29/Sept. 1994]. She also
shared the podium with Hopkins at the recent MUFON conference. [SUN Comment: Curious
behavior for a person who claims she wants to hide her identity.]
                                        r,
         In Linda's talk in Austin, she reported: "Through hypnosis, I found out why I've had a
lifelong fear of dogs. Screen lET-implanted] memories of dogs chasing me as a small child were
not, in fact, dogs. They were aliens." [Emphasis added .] Linda also reported that she (allegedly)
had been kidnapped orr the streets of New York on two occasions by two government agents
who had witnessed ber UFO abduction and who once tried to kill her. Near the end of Linda's
1994 MUFON presentat!on, she briefly mentioned the then-recently discovered •new witness•
that Hopkins would first describe two years later at the recent MUFON conference.


      ,. .
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                          -7-                                             Sept. 1996

HOPKINS' IMPRESSIVE "NEW WITNESS"

        According to Hopkins, the "new witness• to Linda's 1989 abduction- -named Cathy
Turner- -whom he describes as •an ailing, middle-aged bookkeeper, • first reported the incident
to her nephew in mid-1993. She said she was unsure or the year that it happened, let alone the
exact date. "She said it was years ago but it had to be at least after 1988 because she remembers
the car she was in and didn't have it prior to 1988, • 'the nephew told Hopkins. "She says it was
early in the morning, 1-2 a.m., maybe later. She's also not sure of what bridge she was on. She first
said the Brooklyn Bridge, but when questioned further she said it could have been the Manhattan
[another East River bridge, a few blocks north of the Brooklyn Bridge] or even one of the bridges
going into Queens [located further north on the East River]."

          Ms. Tomer told Hopkins that she and a male friend (whom Hopkins identifies only as
  Robert) had driven Into Manhattan "to see the Christmas decorations. • To explain the after-
. midnight visit, she said "they always came [to Manhattan] very late to avoid the traffic. • [SUN
  Comment: Apparently Ms. Turner and Robert were not aware that most Manhattan stores . turn
  orr their Christmas decorations by midnig;ht to save electricity.] Hopkins said Ms; Turner
  reported that while driving home to Brooklyn "on some kind of highway.... / noticed the end of the
  bridge had no poles. • She said she saw what resembled "a big Christmas ball....all glowy and
  shiny" near the windows of an apartment building. Initially, Ms. Turner said the object was
  "spinning" but later changed that to "pulsating." [SUN Comment: It would be difficult for ETs
  to take Linda inside a spinning UFO.]

        Quoting directly from Hopkins' paper published in the MUFON conference Proceedings,
Ms. Turner told Hopkins: "Then i said to Robert, 'LOOK!' and he said 'Don't bother me while I'm
driving!' So I said, 'F.. k you!' I looked up at the thing and that was it... that was the end. • Unlike
other "witnesses, • who claim to have seen Linda and three ETs being beamed up into the UFO,
Ms. Turner did not report any such observation. Hopkins offers an exotic explanation: An
"electromagnetic force• emitted by the UFO which put Ms. Turner and Robert "in a state of
suspended animation• so they did not see Linda and the ETs being beamed up into the UFO.

 A FEW MINOR DISCREPANCIES

         Hopkins does acknowledge a couple of small discrepancies in Ms. Turner's story. "First,
there was her assertion that she saw the UFO 'out of the passenger window on the way back to
Brooklyn.' Had their car been on the bridge at the time, Cathy's view would have been in the wrong
direction ...awav from Linda's building.... Second, she described the craft's apparent position as over
the East River. • To get aroun_d the first discrepancy, Hopkins _a ssumes that Ms. Turner was not
driving . 9Yer ll bri,d ge to ~!"ooklyn !!~t l.fcs driving ~-uth aloug·· the . ::'DR. 'parkwliy. The second
                                a
discrepancy is explain·e d as misunderstanding by the nephew or what Ms. Turner told him.

         Curiously, Ms. Turner told her nephew that while she does not believe in "flying saucers,"
 she does believe in "UFOs." She explained: "A UFO could be a missile from Cuba. It could be
 somebody shooting balls up in the sky.... / really think that the Navy and the Air Force do tests that
 they don't tell us about... • This prompted Turner's nephew to ask: "Jthy would they test something
 like that over New York?" She replied: "Maybe they shot off something and a piece fell off, and
 they don't want u.s to know about it...yQ# know, secret tests and stuff.... Maybe Russia's sending
 something in ... • Ms. Turner died of diabetes in July 1994.

        Although Turner's ma~e !ri~d Robert is still alive, Hopkins reports that "he will only
 admit, now, that he saw something over a building that reminded him of the rising sun. • Again,
 Hopkins has a ready explanation for this limited recall: "Robert has for some time been suffering
 from acute emotional problems dating back to trauma suffered in the Vietnam War.... Sadly,Robert's
 emotional condition has deteriorated and he is unwilling to say anything more about that night. •

        Ms. Turner and Rob~rt will be among the "witnesses" cited in Hopkins' new book on the
 Linda case, titled: "WITNESSED: The True Story or the Brooklyn · Bridge UFO Abduction. •


           ,..
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                 -8-                                                    Sept. 1996

Short Shrift

•       Here's a brief status report on the interview with the (alleged) • Allen Autopsy•
cameraman (AAC), which Ray Santilli promised many months ago to UTange for Robert Kiviat
(who produced the Foz TV show) and Bob Shell (editor or Shutterbug magazine) (SUN
#38/Mar. 1996]. According to Shell, Kiviat was asked to submit written questions which AAC
would answer while sitting in front of a home video camera operated by his son. In July, Kiviat
and Santilli met in a New York hotel room with AAC's son to watch the video. Because no
effort was made to obscure AAC's face, Santilli reportedly refused to give a copy to Kiviat until
AAC's facial features could be •electronically disguised. • Shell says he recently was invited by
Santilli to visit London to see the •unaltered• video and hopes to do so during a business trip
to Europe in September. According to what Shell says he was told, AAC refused to answer some
or Kiviat's questions and provided DO new information beyond that contained in AAC's year-old
writteu statement. When SUN asked Shell if recent events had increased his confidence or
skepticism about the authenticity of Santilli's Controversial Autopsy Film (SCAM), Shell
replied: "Definitely in the direction of skepticism. •

=       in a paper presented at the recent MUJ<'ON conference, Dr. John Mack, Harvard
psychiatrist-turned-abductologist, candidly admitted that many of his fellow psychiatrists have
been critical of his work in the UFO-abduction field. Mack cited a review published in the
journal of the American Psychoanalytic Assn. which characterized his UFO-abduction book
as •a subversive assault on psychoanalysis as a science. • In Mack's talk he reported on his trip to
South Africa to investigate UFO-abduction cases. Mack showed portions of a video interview
with a 74-year-old South African Zulu "medicine man" named Credo Mutwa. Mack said that
36 years ago Mutwa "had a classic abduction experience.... He was mounted by an alien female and
sperm was taken. It was humiliating to him. He thinks his first wife may have left him because of
the hurt [sic] to his penis. • In the video, Mutwa described his ET experience in the following
words: "When you make love to a real woman, you feel the beat of her veins, you feel the warmth and
the smell. But this creature had none of these things .... She had no bones. •


• Don Addis, talented car-
toonist for the St. Petersburg
JFia.J Times, suspects that
the recent TWA flight 800
tragedy may introduce some
delays in future UFO abduc-
tions.

"' i"enthouse magazine's Sep-
tember issue features what it
claims is the "World's First
Authentic Photograph • of an
ET and it accuses the govern-
ment of UFO cover-up. SUN
wonders if Penthouse will
cover up the fact that its .
photo really shows the ET .
model in the Roswell lnter-
natioual UFO Museum.                     •·•
------------------------~~;-~~~-----------------------------------------------------------
NOTE: Opinions expressed in SUN are those oC its Editor--unlessotberwise noted- -and do not necessarily represent the views
oC any organization wit~ which be is affiliated--or bis spouse. We thank Dr. Gary Posner for help in proofreading.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------·---
SKEPTICS UFO NEWSLETTER (SUN) IS PUBLISHED BIMONTHLY. SUBSCRIPTION
RATE (SIX ISSUES) IS $15/YEAR FOR U.S./CANADA. OVERSEAS RATE (AIRMAIL) IS
$20/YEAR. (PLEASE M_AKE CHECK/MONEY ORDER PAYABLE TO PHILIP J. KLASS.


        ,   .   0
