{"created_utc": "2026-09-18T14:21:49Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 463430, "source_ctime_ns": 1788572541557401868, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-75-Spring-2003-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788572541541792361, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-75-Spring-2003-.pdf", "source_sha256": "21e10cd6e02c4e1c1a1635e70aec68cdaac7fce6b8779f5f4b8266f3238c23ec"}

Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                                           SUN#75
                Bv Philip J. Klass                                                Spring 2003
404 "N" St. Southwest, Washington DC 20024                                        Copyright 2003


Spielberg's "Taken" TV Mini-series Boosts Sci-Fi Audience
But Its Slow Pace Disappoints Manv Pro-UFOiogists

         UFO-abduction guru Budd Hopkins summed it up in the following words: "Steven Spielberg's
'Taken,' a 20-hour epic concerning the effects ofthe UFO phenomenon on the lives ofthree generations
ofAmericans, received somewhat mixed reviews from believers and skeptics alike, as well as from actual
abductees and UFO researchers. Despite the varied appraisals, the show was, however, extremely
successful in building a larger audience for the subject." The Sci-Fi Channel averaged 838,000 view-
ing households, which put it into a 10m place tie among all basic cable networks-nearly double the
viewers it bad a year earlier. (ESPN was top with an average of 2.1 million households, thanks to two
Na~;.:,ual FooihaB Le&gta playoff game5;.j


         A much more critical review in "Slate Magazine Online," authored by Chris Mooney, began
as follows: "Suppose that the truth is really 'out there' as The X-Files postulated, but not exactly where
you might expect. In other words, rather than a vast government conspiracy to conceal proof that aliens
have visited Earth. Perhaps the real plot lies elsewhere. The entertainment industry, for instance, is
constantly putting out films, TV shows and pseudo-documentaries suggesting that Americans are being
visited or even abducted in droves by gray-skinned, strangely kinky spacemen-and that the government
wants to keep it all quiet. 'Dark Skies,' 'Roswell,' Fox's 'Alien Autopsy Special'-Could the conspiracy
be on the part of the mass media and designed to make people believe in UFOs because it helps
ratings? If such a plot exists, Steven Spielberg would have to be the ringleader. After all, Spielberg
planted the seeds of modern UFO obsessions with 1977's 'Close Encounters of the Third Kind,' which
he quickly followed up in 1982 with 'E.T. "'

        In an interview with United Press International, Spielberg said be was thrilled over the
reponse to "Taken," but added that "I don't personally believe anyone has ever been abducted by
Aliens. This is a nice mythology. I think the reason 'Taken' clicked with the public was it was not 20
hours of special effects. It was 20 hours offamily dynamics and trauma. .. that is all to the credit of one
man, Leslie Bohem, who wrote every single hour of that show."


        Although SUN's Editor is not a typical viewer, we felt that "Taken" was much too long and
should have been shortened by 75% to five one-hour segments. (But that would have slashed its
potential advertising revenue and profit for Sci-Fi and Hollywood's DreamWorks, created in 1994
by Spielberg and two other principal partners.) For viewers who missed any previous segment, Sci-
Fi broadcast that segment just prior to the new segment but four hours viewing was tiring. UFOs
were portrayed as small glowing-white circles in the sky which sometimes merged to form gigantic
multi-colored cbandliers, similar to the UFO in Spielberg's 1977 movie "Close Encounters."
In one sequence in which Army soldiers entered the UFO, it was shown with "Hollywood-style"
                              ...
construction and illumination. r ,

       In response to a SUN request, Paul Davids (who co-authored the 1994 TV-movie "Roswell"
for which be was the executive producer) offered the following assessment: "By the standards of the
media business, it was a raging success: popular and palatable as mass merchandising of cosmic


...
 Skeptics UFO Newsletter                              -2-                                               Spring 2003

  paranoia, a huge boostfor the Sci-Fi ChanneL... If anyone just swallows what they've seen as a coded version ofthe
  UFO gospel, then they've been 'Taken.' But if any inquiring minds are stimulated by this now to begin
  delving into the vast UFO literature ofthe last 50 years,from Ruppelt, Keyhoe, Vallee, Randle, Friedman, Good and
. Klass to Jacobs, Strieber, Hopkins and Mack, then they've been done a good turn.... Regarding the story as a whole,
  I admired what it attempted to accomplish-but the style was a bit more cut-and-dried. .. than the storytelling
  techniques I prefer. /like ambiguity... "

 Dr. Greer Claims "Free-Energy Machine" Has Been Demonstrated

         On Jan. 30-31, on the Coast-to-Coast AM radio show hosted by George Noory (the new bQst
 of the former Art Bell show), Dr, Steven Greer (whose Project Disclosure presses the government to
 make public information about [alleged] extraterrestrial visitors) CLAIMED THAT HE HAD
 RECENTLY WITNESSED A DEMONSTRATION OF A"FREE-ENERGY MACHINE," similar to
 what be assumes are used by UFOs for propulsion. But he emphasized that it was created by an
 ingenious inventer (whom be did not identifv) rather than government-funded UFO research.

         "We have an agreement with the inventor to have a more robust version ofthis device built in the
coming month or two," Greer said. "It will then go through research, development and reproducibility
studies, meaning that we must be able to independently reproduce the effects. It will then be tested in at
least three independent government and university laboratories, which we have already preselected for
their honesty and cooperation.... When we are certain of what we have... it will then be massively dis-
closed to the world in what has to be regarded as one of the most important scientific announcements in
our time." [SUN Comment: We presume that Greer-who is a medical doctor-will next seek a
single pill that will cure ALL human ailments.]

          Greer described the demonstration that so impressed him, his science advisor (Dr. Ted
Loder-a science professor at New Hampshire University) and several members of the Board of
Directors of his recently created Space Energy Access Svstems (SEAS). "It's not very big-you can
pick it up with one hand. Took it out actually on a sidewalk. This device gathered, very passively, less
than one watt o[power from the environment-] won't say how this was done. I'm not allowed to at
this point-and the machine started up. It generated hundreds of watts ofpower in usable form. ... We
hooked this up ourselves.... We even selected the things to hook up to this machine. It ran a 300 watt light-
bulb, a 100-watt light bulb, a stereo and an oscillating fan with an electric motor-all at the same time with
literal(~· no artificial, manmade input of power. So this is of course an extraordinary scientific
breakthrough." (Emphasis added.)

Greer Thanks SEAS Investors

        As of mid-February, Greer bad not yet updated the Web-site for Space Energy Access Systems
to report the "sidewalk demonstration." However, the SEAS Web-site did inform readers that "the
Phase-1 investment is now closed. We thank everyone who participated in this very successful stock
offering.... SEAS defines success as the widespread adoption of these new, non-polluting energy and
propulsion systems so the use of oil, gas, coal, nuclear power and other earth-damaging sources of
energy are effectively replaced. ... Once a bona fide energy generation system is identified and triple tested,
and is under license to the company, Phase-2 begins. It is during Phase-2 that the technology must be
secured, intellectually protect~d, jurther developed and disclosed. .. the culmination of which is the
massive public disclosure ofthe technology." [SUN's Advice: Don't bold your breath.]

       "This phase is estimated to cost between $2 million and $20 million, depending on the technol-
ogy. Public figures in business and politics have assured SEAS that the necessary funds for Phase-2
 Skeptics UFO Newslener                                -3-                                              Spring2003


 will be available upon presentation of a tested device. At the completion of the public disclosure of the
 technology, SEAS will quickly move to Phase-3, during which an Initial Public [stock) Offering and horizontal and
 vertical licensing activities will occur.... It is during this phase that the device will enter mass production... "

 Key Roswell "Crashed-Saucer Witness" Kaufmann Exposed As Hoaxer

        Frank Kaufmann, a pivotal "witness" in the second Roswell incident book by Kevin Randle and
Don Schmitt ("The Truth About The UFO Crash At Roswell'?, was a teller of tall tales and created hoax
government documents to substantiate these tales. In the book Kaufmann was frequently referred to
as Steve MacKenzie-at his request for anonymity. (MacKenzie's identity was revealed in the May 1994
issue of "Skeptics UFO Newsletter," along with my skepticism about his claims after my March 25
interview with Kaufmann in Roswell.) Kaufmann died of cancer in February of 2001 and his wife
agreed to allow his personal papers to be examined by representatives of the Center for UFO Studies
(CUFOS) whose former chief editor, Jerrv Clark, bad once characterized the Roswell Incident as "the
most important UFO case of all." An analvsis of these papers revealed that Kaufmann had created
hoax documents to substatiate his wild claims. Highlights were revealed on the CUFOS Web-site on
Dec. 9, 2002, under the headline "FRANK KAUFMANN EXPOSED." The sub-bead included: "Kevin
Randle publicly announced that he no longer has any confidence in the stories told by Frank Kaufmann."

        During Randle/Schmitt's early research for their first Roswell book, Kaufmann seemed to be
a minor player in the incident, but that changed drastically during their research for their second
Roswell book. According to Kaufmann he had received a telephone call on July 2, 1947, from Brig. Gen.
Martin F. Scanlon, Deputy Commander of the Air Defense Command, ordering Kaufmann to hurry to
the White Sands Missile Range (about I 00 miles southwest of Roswell) whose radar had detected a large
UFO. Kaufmann said he was to report the UFO's movements directly to Gen. Scanlon. According to
the Randle/Schmitt book, Kaufmann claimed that he "set up a system of mirrors so that he could see the
radar screen even when he needed to use the latrine." When I interviewed Kaufmann on Mar. 25, 1994,
be admitted that he had no expertise in radar systems-makine me suspicious of this part of his story.
When I mentioned a "person referred to as MacKenzie" in the then-new Randle/Schmitt book,
Kaufmann responded,"/ don't know MacKenzie."

Kaufmann Claims He Was Selected For ET Vehicle Recovery Team

         Although Kaufmann admitted that he had only been a Master Sergeant while stationed at the
Roswell base until late 1945, and bad then obtained a position as a clerk in the personnel department
until be departed in late 1947, he claimed be bad been selected as a member of a nine-man team created
to recover the crashed ET craft and its occupants from a NEW site only 35 miles northwest of
Roswell--more than 20 miles south of the ranch where Brazel had found the debris . The new site was
"unveiled" on Mar. 25, 1994, following a large press conference associated with publication of the
second Randle/Schmitt Roswell book. But curiously, the nine-man team did not include Maj. Jesse
Marcel, the chief of intellieence at the Roswell base, or Capt. Sheridan Cavitt, chief of counter-
intellieence. The new crashed-saucer recovery site seemingly was confirmed by another (alleged)
witness-Jim Raesdale. (Ragsdale subsequently changed his story to locate the crash site at a completely
different location, some 55 miles west of Roswell. He also added details that made his story more
                                    f •
suspect.)                       ..

         By late 1995, Randle had split with his former partner-Schmitt-after Schmitt had been exposed
for falsifying his educational and employment background. Eventually, Schmitt resigned as CUFOS's
Director of Special Investigations.


      '.
                                                                                                             -
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                          -4-                                        Spring 2003


         After detailing Schmitt's transgressions in my book, "The REAL Roswell Crashed-Saucer
Coverup" (published in late 1997), I wrote (p, 159): "The fact that Randle could be 'taken in' by the tall
tales of a person with whom he had worked so closely for seven years should have alerted him to the
possibility that he might also have been 'taken in' by alleged witnesses he knew only casually." Kaufmann
was a key"witness" because of his claim of having seen a bat-shaped craft and four dead ETs at the new
crash site-seemingly substantiated by documents that Kaufmann would show to Roswell researchers,
but be NEVER let them make nor keep a photocopy.

        Randle/Schmitt ignored logical discrepancies in Kaufmann's accounts. For example, he
claimed that two photographers bad been flown in from Washington to take pictures of the craft and
ETs, but earlier be said the pictures bad been taken by a local base photographer. If an ET craft and
its occupants bad been pboto2rapbed, there would be no need for Kaufm~nn to have made sketches.

        Randle somehow learned that the USAF report to be made public in mid-1994 would identify
the debris found by ranr..her · Brazel liS the remaius f1om several aiur.Auum radar targets used on a
Project Mogul flight that bad been launched fr-om near Alamogordo on June 4 and had been tracked
by radar to within approximately 20 miles of Brazel's ranch. The first public mention ofProject Mogul
balloons came in a 189-page interim report by UFO researcher Karl Pflock, titled "Roswell In
Perspective," published in mid-1994. (Several years earlier, the Project Mogul connection to the Roswell
Incident had been discovered by UFO researcher Robert G. Todd. He learned that in mid-1946, the
USAF decided to investigate the idea that a "sound duct" at around 45,000 ft. altitude might be used to
detect when the Soviet Union detonated its first nuclear weapon-if balloon-borne microphones could
maintain such altitude for extended periods of time-and if the technique were kept secret from the
USSR. New York University was awarded an unclassified contract to investi2ate whether existin2
technologv was feasible and in mid-1947 it shifted its flight tests to New Mexico. The end objective of
Project Mogul was classified Top Secret but never was deploved operationallv.)

        Pflock, who began his multi-year Roswell investigation with suspicions of a government
coverup, suggested in his initial report that the debris found by Brazel had come from Project Mogul
balloon-borne radar targets, which might have collided with an ET craft. (Pflock then still accepted
as true the story told by former mortician Glenn Dennis that a nurse-friend based at RAAF bad been
involved in a covert autopsy of three ET crew mem hers and she had provided sketches of them which
he showed to Roswell researchers.) But Pflock was not impressed with the Kaufmann or Ragsdale
c:iaims and by early 1997 he had lost all confidence in Dennis's tales when several record searches
showed that the nurse-friend was _a figment of Dt;>nni~'s imagination_.

Easley Memo Proves Bogus
        Randle believed there was a fourth key witness--Major Edwin Easley--who bad been Provost
Marshal at the Roswell Army Air Field during the summer of 194 7. During several telephone interviews
with the aging, terminalJy-ill Easley, he responded to a number ofRandle's questions with "I can't talk
about it." When Randle said "We've talked to one of the counterintelligence agents who told us that the
Provost Marshal was on the crash site," Easley responded, "He doesn't know what he's talking about."
Despite the foregoing, Randle decided that Easley had been at the crash/recovery site and had seen both
the craft and dead extraterr~strials. Possibly Randle's beliefs stemmed from a counterfeit Easley
memo, dated July 30, 1947, found among Kaufmann's personal papers after his death. (Kaufmann had
allowed Randle a brief glimpse at the bogus memo.) The Easley memo, detailing recovery of an ET
craft, allegedly was sent to the Armed Forces Security Agency (AFSA). But as UFO researcher Brad
Sparks later pointed out, AFSA was not established until nearly two years after the Easlev memo
allegedlv was written-showing that the document was bogus .


...
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                           -5-                                       Spring 2003


       The authenticity of the new Kaufmann crash-recovery site was challenged in early 1997 by Jim
McKnight whose Aunt Florence owned the ranch near the site. In a sworn statement dated Feb. 3,1997,
McKnight said, "No one in my family had heard of such a UFO crash or military retrieval." Yet
ifKaufmann 'stale were true a large military convoy-including a large crane-would have passed within
a hundred yards of his Aunt Florence's ranch bouse. Although the Ragsdale crash-recovery site was
endorsed by Friedman without any investigation, when Ragsdale revised and embellished his tale (by
claiming the extraterrestrials wore silver helmets), his story lost all credibility.

 New Randle Book Challenges Original MJ-12 Documents' Authenticity

         Although Kevin Randle and Stan Friedman agree that an extraterrestrial craft crashed in New
Mexico in mid-1947, and that the U.S. government bas conspired to withhold the truth about
UFOs from the public for more than half a century, they sharply d~sagree over the authenticity of the
three original "MJ-12 documents" made public in mid-19R7 hy WilHam Moore, J!!ime Sbander~ and
Friedman. Randle's views on MJ-12 are contained in his newest book, titled "CASE MJ-12: The True
Story Behind The Government's UFO Conspiracies," published in late 2002 by Harper Torch (311
pages, paperback: $7.50). Randle told SUN that the book's manuscript was submitted to the publisher
more than a year before Kaufmann was exposed as a hoaxer. But its numerous references to
Kaufmann's testimony typically are preceded by "If what Kaufmann said was true... " Randle admits
that an "oversight committee" would have been created but he adds that ''no oversight committee
existed under that name, and the documents released claiming as much are faked. "

        In Friedman's book "TOP SECRETIMAJIC," published in 1996, which strongly defends the
authenticity of the three original MJ-12 documents, be charges that "much of Randle's new [Roswell]
scenario depends on the word of a strange character named Frank J. Kaufmann.... When I finally met with
Kaufmann on July 3, 1995, thanks to the efforts of Don Schmitt, Kaufmann wouldn't allow me to record
the conversation although both Schmitt and Randle were present."

Gerald Anderson Exoosed
                  ....                    .
                        As Document Counterfeiter

        Friedman's attack on the credibility of Randle's star witness was hardly surprising because
Randle had played a key role in exposing Friedman's star witness-GERALD F. ANDERSON-AS A
HOAXER SHORTLY AFTER FRIEDMAN'S "CRASH AT CORONA" BOOK [co-authored with
Dvn Berliner] WAS PUCLISIIED IN MID-1992. Aiidersou ilad viewed an U usolved Mysteries TV show
and bad called in to claim that be bad firsthand experience with the recovery of a crashed ET craft on
the Plains of San Agustin-rougbly 150 miles west of the Brazel ranch. This resulted in telephone inter-
views with Randle and Friedman. While Anderson's tale seemed to confirm another Plains of San
Agustin story that Friedman wanted to believe, Randle found Anderson's tale suspicious.

        Anderson claimed that members of his family on a July 4tb vacation bad stumbled across a
crashed ET craft shortly before same was discovered by a team of archeological students under a
professor named Dr. Buskirk. Because no members of Anderson's family were still alive to confirm his
story, he provided a copy ofbis Uncle Ted's diary, which appeared to confirm Anderson's story. But
when the diary was submitted1orfanalysis of the ink used, it was found that the ink bad a chemical
composition introduced around 197~o the diary could not have been written in 1947 as claimed.
Anderson offered the explanation that his Uncle Ted bad made a longhand copy of his diary after 1970
rather than use a Xerox-type copier. Friedman accepted this explanation.


     '.
                                                                                                                  --
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                              -6-                                          Spring 2003


        But Anderson's aptitude in making hoax documents was proven when he and Randle
disagreed over the duration of their early long-distance telephone conversation which Anderson had
initiated. Anderson claimed he had terminated the conversation in less than one hour, but Randle, who
had tape recorded the interview, said he had more than one hour of taped conversation. Anderson sent
Randle a long-distance telephone bill which showed the conversation lasted less than one hour. When
Friedman decided to obtain a copv of the bill from the telephone companv, it showed that Anderson's
version was a clever counterfeit. Dr. Buskirk was located and turned out to have been Anderson's high-
school teacher. Buskirk flatly denied Anderson's crashed-ET-craft tale and had photographic proof
he had been far from the Plains of San Agustin in early July of 1947.


Lt. Gen. Twining's Revealing Letter Of -Sept. 23. 1947
         P~ndle and Fried:nan agree that many-if not aH-oftbc "new MJ-12 d(>>:uments" aectiltly made .
public by Dr. Robert Wood and son Ryan, obtained from Timothy Cooper, are bogus [SUN #74/Wioter
2002-03]. But no one has ever questioned the authenticity of the letter of Sept. 23, 1947, written by Lt.
Gen. Nathan Twining in response to a query by Brig. Gen. George Schulgen (a top Air Force intelligence
official in the Pentagon) who had sought an assessment of what the Commander of the Air Materiel
Command thought UFOs might be. (The Twining letter, originally classified Secret, was declassified
and published in 1969 in the Condon/University of Colorado report.) A very limited portion of
Twining's letter was quoted in the Roswell Incident books by Berlitz/Moore, by Friedman!Berliner and
in the first book by Randle/Schmitt. They all quoted Twining's letter as saying "the [UFO]phenomenon
reported is something real and not visionary or fictitous." But all three books omitted a subsequent
remark which the Twining letter emphasized "the lack of physical evidence in the shape of crash
recovered exhibits which would undeniably prove the existence ofsuch objects."

       On Dec. 10, 1948 (more than a year after the Roswell Incident), a Top Secret Air Intelligence
Report #203 was prepared on UFOs which stated: "The origin of the devices is not ascertainable.
There are two reasonable possibilities: (1) The objects are domestic (U.S) devices.... (2) Objects are foreign,
and if so, it would seem most logical to assume that they are from a Soviet source. The Soviets possess
information on a number of German flying-wing type aircraft .. " This Top Secret report was declassified
on March 5, 1985, and the report's highlights were published in the July 1985 issue of the "MUFON
UFO Journal." This was several vears before publication of the two Roswell books by Randle/Schmitt
and before publication of the book by Friedman!Berliner. But their books do NOT even mention this
important Air Intelligence Report. (Emphasis added.) [Other authentic, once highly classified USAF
and CIA documents which challenge MJ-12's authenticity are discussed in Chapter #28 of my book.]

        SUN's editor authored a 2-part series which was published less than a year after the MJ-12
papers were made public (Winter 1987-88/Spring 1988 issues of "Skeptical Inguirer" magazine.) The
first installment was headlined: "The MJ-12 Crashed Saucer Documents: Numerous flaws and
inconsistencies reveal that Top Secret papers, including one allegedly found in the National Archives, are
fraudulent." Among the flaws, the article noted that every date cited in the Eisenhower Briefing
Document (EBD) was typed using a military format but with an unnecessary comma, i.e., "18
November~ 1952." As reported in my article, a check of my file of many letters from William Moore
revealed that he regularly employed the same unusual date format with the unnecessary comma as
used in the EBD. Another unusual feature of the EBD, allegedly written in late 1952, was that for
every single-digit date, the single digit was preceded by a zero, i.e., 01 August 1950. My file ofletters
from Moore revealed that he had began to type single-digit dates with an added zero in late
1983-roughly a vear before Shandera received the EBD with the same format for single-digit date.


    '.
 ke tics UFO Newsletter                            -7-                                           S rin 2003

                                               olitics"Pa er Reveals Extreme Creduli
          Ac,:ademic Dr. Michael E. Salla bas recently released the results of his two -year study of four
. popular conspiracy theories of (all~ed) extraterrestrial presence and clandestine government efforts
   o repress news of such presence. His paper is titled "T he Need for Exopolitics: Implications of
    xtraterrestrial Conspiracy Theories for Policy Makers & Global Peace." Salla, an Australian, has
    Ph.D. in Government from the University of Queensland and for five years was an academic mem-
   er of American University's School of International Service. He is currently a researcher at the
    enter for Global Peace. Salla's views appear to closely resemble those of Dr. Stephen Greer (SUN
   73, #74) and Stephen Bassett, who promotes Greer's Project Disclosure.

UFOlo ists Critici e CFI's Choice 0                        Kecksbur         Incident

        Some pro-UFOiogists have criticized the choice by the Coalition for Freedom of Information
'CFI) -of tlie Kecksuurg (FA.) UFO incident oiDec. 9, 1965, as a key-case in what CFI claims is a U.S.
 overnment coverup of evidence that some UFOs are ET craft [SUN #74/Winter 2002-03]. CFI was
 reated last fall by the Sci-Fi TV channel to promote its 20-bour mini-series "Taken," which aired in
 arly December. Leslie Kean, a very pro-UFO free-lance writer who was named CFI's Research
  irector, offered the following explanation on the Internet for the choice of the Kecksburg UFO
'ncident: "Last September, Larry (Landsman, Director of Sci-Fi Channel's Special Projects) asked me
 o suggest a FOIA (Freedom Of Information Act) UFO case that would be suitable for CFI to address
  nd for Sci-Fi to support. We were looking for a case that satisfied a list of criteria, which would ensure
 hat the selected case contained quantifiable, forensic aspects. The FOIA action could raise the visibility
 if the UFO issue in the national media. We felt that if the case allowed for the possibility of an on-air
 omponent by the Sci-Fi Channel, this could help make a FOIA even stronger and further a national
  iscussion of the phenomenon. These criteia needed to be satisfied:

(1)     "Physical evidence-preferably a crash, or something with debris or trace evidence suitable for
        analysis by a lab. This ties in with CFI's efforts to make the case for scientists being provided the
        physical evidence that is now classified.

(2)     "Access to the site for forensic expeditions by archeologists, radiologists or other scientists.

(3)     "A range of living eyewitnesses. (A huge community desiring answers also exists here.)

(4)    -"A compelling narrative.

(5)     "Government involvement in the incident and then withholding of information about it."


 OTHING. One of Gordon's "im ressive witnesses" is a convicted bank robber accordin to Youn . He
 oubts that Gordon showe~ Ms. Kean all the evidence in his possession--some of which Young provided.)
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                      -8-                                                  Spring2003

Short Shrift
         "'

* Broadcast Riehts To Woods' Movie "The Secret" Sold To Canadian Cable TV Channel: A press
release issued in early January by Dr. Robert Wood and son Rvan reported that the Canadian
Discovery Channel would broadcast their TV movie on Jan. 16., titled "The Secret Evidence: We Are
Not Alone." According to the press release the movie ''provides evidence for Government coverup of
extraterrestrials-further exposing the Top Secret operation Majestic 12." The press release
further claimed, "The public is hungry for genuine UFO information, and they are not getting it
from the governments of the world." The Woods' TV movie claims that the first ET craft recovered
was in 1941, near Cape Girardeau, MO-a claim that has been debunked [SUN #69/Fall2001]. The
Woods are trying to find a U.S. cable channel that is interested in showing "The Secret."

 * Woods' Press Release Confirms Their Split With Joe Firmaee: Originally, the authenticity of the
 "new" MJ-12 documents obtained by the Woods from Timothy Cooper was strongly endorsed by
 Silicon Valley's once-wealthy Joe Firma~, who initially fund~d the movie effort and planned to fund
 a giant book titled "The Secret." (The split was first reported by SUN #58/Mar. 1999.) The recent
 Woods' press release does not mention Firmage. The press release claims ~hat the TV show includes
 "some distinguished advocates taking compelling supportive positions" and cites UFO researchers
 Stanton Fl'iedman and Timothy Good as examples. Friedman issued an Internet posting on Jan. 13,
 telling of his upcoming appearance on the show. He added: "This is not an endorsemen.t of the
film, as I suspect it will say that some of the Tim Cooper documents are genuine, although I
am convinced they are not." Britain's Timothy Good, who first made public the original MJ-12
 documents in the belief they were authentic, has since changed his opinion. Also, he was one of the
 first to spot that some of Tim Cooper's "new" MJ-12 documents were written on Cooper's own
 personal typewriter (SUN #60/Nov. 1999].

 * CUFOS Researcher Predicts Global UFO Flap: On Jan. 8, an important prediction was issued on
 the Internet by Dr. Donald A. Johnson, archivist for the Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS): "Based
 upon a careful analysis of trends in historical UFO reports in the UFOCAT data base, I am making the
following prediction. There will be a worldwide UFO wave in the month of March 2003 that
 will reach its maximum between March 15 and March 25. I am reasonably confident that this
 wave will involve Northern Europe. Another likely region is the Pacific Ocean, including Japan
and the Hawaiian Islands, and possibly including the Alaskan Aleutian Islands." (Emphasis
added.) (SUN Comment: Don't be surprised if the news media focuses its attention on non-UFO
events in Iraq and North Korea.]

* Classified Documents Increase Bv 44% In Fisca12001: Total security classification actions during
the first year of the Bush Administration totaled 33,020,887, but a total of slightly more than 100
million pages were declassified-a 34% increase over the previous year- according to the Information
Security Oversight Office (ISOO).

* Friedman Criticizes Randle For His Gulibility: Stan Friedman's "Perceptions"column in the
February issue of the "MUFON UFO Journal" ridicules Kevin Randle for his credulity in accepting
the "tall tales" of Frank Kaufmann. Naturally, Friedman glosses over his own credulity in believing
the tall tales told by his own favorite witness-Gerald Anderson. Both men were too eaeer to believe.
------------------------------....,.. ;,..---~,·- --------------------------------------
NOTE: Opinions expressed in SUN are those of its editor (unless otherwise noted) and do NOT necessarily represent the views of any
organization with which he is affiliated. WE DEEPLY THA.NK DR. GARY POSNER FOR HIS HELP IN PROOFREADING.
SKEPTICS UFO NEWSLETTER (SUN) IS NOW PUBLISHED QUARTERLY (four issues/year)
Annual subscription rate is $10/year for U.S./Canada. Overseas rate (airmail) is $15/year.
Please make check or money-order payable to PHILIP J. KLASS.
