{"created_utc": "2026-09-18T01:02:22Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 447247, "source_ctime_ns": 1788534537709666901, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-14-Mar-1992-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788534537695306135, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-14-Mar-1992-.pdf", "source_sha256": "7b7fdfa17e105f6801eb39f26deca3c9a2086fd31b167157f47fd1c406968eff"}

•..JI..--   -   .~

-   ·.                                                                                                         1
                                                                                                               I


S        KEPTICS
         By Philip J. Klass
                              UFO NEWSLE I I ER
                                              404 'YV" Sl SW Washtngton CC 2())24
                                                                                         ~    114
                                                                                         MNDI 1992
                                                                                         CDPYR!Gfl' 1992


           FRIEDMAN CONTINUES TO ENDORSE "CRASHED-SAUCER WITNESS" ANDERSON
           DESPITE HIS UNWILLINGNESS TO ALLOW INDEPENDENT CHECK OF A KEY CLAIM:

                   Gerald Anderson, whose claims will form the cornerstone of the new crashed- saucer
           book by Stanton T. Fri~dman and Don Berliner (slated for publication in July), bas declined
           to allow an independent examination of bard evidence that could demonstrate beyond all 'doubt
           whether one of Anderson's claims is true.

                   Anderson's claims partially confirm but partiallv contradict claims made in the first
           crashed-saucer book, "The Roswell Incident," published in 1980 by Charles Berlitz (who
           popularized the "Bermuda Triangle") and William L. Moore. Their book focused primarily on
           the claim that a flying saucer had crashed in early July, 1947, on the ranch of "Mac" Brazel,
           roughly 80 miles north west of Roswell. The book briefly discussed a second- hand' report from
           Mr./Mrs. L.W. Malthais that some 30 years earlier their friend Grady L. (Barney) Barnett· ·now
           deceased- -told them he had stumbled on a crashed saucer and several ET bodies roughly 180
           miles west of the Brazel ranch near the Plains of San Agustin . According to the Malthais,
           Barnett said that shortly after he arrived at the scene, he was joined by an archeological
           research team from the University of Pennsylvania.

                   At the 1985 MUFON Conference, in St. Louis, Moore reported on his efforts to confirm
           the Barnett/Plains of San Agustin crashed-saucer tale . He said he had confirmed the presence
           of Univ. of Pennsylvania archaeological teams in the area in 1947, but added that "exhaustive
           efforts to identify the students in question have been essentially fruitless." Moore added that
           "the Barnett investigation seems to have reached an unsurmountable impasse from which
           nothing in the way of new evidence seems likely to emerge in the near future."

                   Moore underestimated the power of TV "pseudo-documentaries.• On Sept. 20, 1989, the
           Roswell/San Agustin crashed saucer tales were featured on the "Unsolved Mysteries" network
           TV show, seen by an estimated 28 million persons. Th'! show was televised again on Jan. 24,
           1990, and viewed by an even larger audience-- which included Gerald Anderson, of Springfield,
           Mo. Anderson promptly called an 800 number used to poll the audience and informed the
           operator that there were major errors in the TV account. This led to Anderson making contact
           with Friedman and with Kevin Randle who was then working with Don Schmitt on their new
           book, "UFO Crash at Roswell."

                   According to Anderson, he and four other members of his family (now all deceased)- -not
           Barnett- -first discovered the crashed-saucer on the Plains of San Agustin. Further, Anderson
           claimed that one of the four ETs was ali-ve. Anderson said that a University of Pennysylvania
           archaeology professor and five students arrived and Anderson claimed the professor tried--
           unsuccessfully- -to communicate in several different languages with the live ET. Regressive
           hypnosis administered by John S. Carpenter, MUFON state section director for southwest
           Missouri, was used to enhance Anderson's recollections, enabling him to remember that the
           professor's name was Dr:" BJs'kirk. With the aid of "ldentikit" techniques employed by police
           to obtain a physical likeness of a criminal's face, Anderson was able to develop a sketch of Dr.
           Buskirk's appearance.

                     Pro- UFOiogist Thomas J. Carey, who lives near the University of Philadelphia, volun-
            teered to assist Friedman in trying to locate Dr. Buskirk, as he describes in a most interesting
            account published in th_e Nov ./Dec. 1991 issue of International UFO Reporter OUR). Thanks
            to a lot of hard w9rk, and a book published by Dr. Winfred Buskirk, Carey managed to locate
            him in Albuquerque.

           ,..
           Skeptics UFO Newsletter                        -2-                                       Mareb1992


                   Buskirk flatly denied Anderson's tale. But he closely resembles the ldentikit sketch
           which Anderson helped prepare, which might seem to confirm Anderson's story. Carey learned
           that Dr. Buskirk joined the faculty of the Albuquerque high school in 1950 and remained there
           until he retired in 1969. He taught American history and anthropology.             By a curious
           coincidence, in the late.19SOs, Gerald Anderson was a student at the same high school where
           Dr. Buskirk was teaching. When Kevin Randle, who was suspicious of Anderson's tale, tried
           to obtain a transcript of Anderson's high school records to see if he had taken an anthropology
           course under Buskirk, Anderson cautioned school authorities not to release the information.

                  However, Anderson himself obtained a transcript and provided what he purported to
           be a photocopy to John Carpenter- -one or his staunchest supporters. In response to my query,
           Carpenter indicated that the photocopy he received from Anderson indicated that he had taken
           a course in sociology, not anthropology which Buskirk taught. But Anderson conceded that
           there was possible ambiguity in trying to read the photocopy made from microfilm.

                   On Oct. 7, I wrote Carpenter pointing out that "much hinges on the question of whether
           Gerald Anderson took a course in anthropology under Buskirk in 1957 or whether it was a
           course in sociology from another teacher." I then asked if Anderson would be willing "to
           authorize the current frincipal or the Albuquerque High School to carefully examine the
           original microfilm transcript and issue a public statement as to whether Anderson did, or did
           not, take a course in anthropology in 1957. • When Carpenter failed to respond, I wrote him
           agam on Nov. 27 but my second query also went unanswered.

                  On Jan . 5, 1992- -nearly three months after I first wrote Carpenter- -I wrote again to ask
           if he had passed along my Oct. 7 suggestion to Anderson and, if so, what was Anderson's
           response. Carpenter replied saying that my suggestion also had been made by Stan Friedman,
           Mark Rodeghier [of the Hynek Center for UFO Studies]. and Fred Whiting [of the Fund for
           UFO Research) "even before you suggested this." ("Great minds run in similar channels.")

                  What was Anderson's reaction to this suggestion? He would think it over before
           deciding. Carpenter explained: "Gerald doesn't care what anybody thinks at the present time."
           I responded on Jan. 13, and asked Carpenter: "If Anderson sought your advice, would you
           suggest that he ought to agree to the proposal to prove his veracity?" Carpenter replied: "He
           did, and I did."

                WHY IS ANDERSON SO RELUCTANT TO LET AN INDEPENDENT AUTHORITY
           EXAMINE HIS HIGH SCHOOL TRANSCRIPT TO DETERMINE WHETHER OR NOT HE TOOK
           A COURSE UNDER DR. BUSKIRK? AND WHY DOES FRIEDMAN CONTINUE TO ENDORSE
           THE VERACITY OF ANDERSON'S CRASHED SAUCER TALE?


           FRIEDMAN/BERLINER          BOOK REPORTEDLY WILL INCLUDE MJ-12 PAPERS:

                   The MJ -12 "Top Secret/ Eyes Only" papers released by Moore, Friedman and Jaime
           Shandera in the spring of 1987, which have been denounced as counterfeit by many leading pro·
           U FOiogists, reportedly will be featured and endorsed in the new Friedman/ Berliner book·-£!!!!.
           though the papers flatiJe cdlrtradict Anderson's tale. The MJ -12 papers include what purports
           to be a Nov. 18, 1952, briefing for President-elect Eisenhower, which cites recovery of four
           badly decomposed ET bodies from vicinity of Brazel's ranch, not the Plains of San Agustin.
           Further, there is no mention of the live ET described by Anderson. Friedman offers a si~ple
           explanation for this significant discrepancy [which bas come to be known as Friedman's First
           Law]: • ABSENCE OF EVIDENCE IS NOT EVIDENCE OF ABSENCE." [Friedman's Second
           Law: The differente between intelligence and stupidity is that there is a limit to intelligence.]

,,;·


       il' •.
                                                                                                          --l

Skeptics UFO Newsletter                          -3-                                         Man:b1992


USAF CONCLUDES: MJ-12 .. NOT U.S. GOVERNMENT DOCUMENT ...
       The copy of the Operation Majestic-12 [MJ -121 briefing document in the files of the
Dept. of the Air Force public affairs office In tbe Pentagon no longer bears the "TOP
SECRET I EYES ONLY" classification m.U.kiogs it bad when released by Moore, Sbaodera and
Friedman. Instead, the document Is marked: "NOT A U.S. GOVERNMENT DOCUMENT."

        According to Maj. Richard M. Cole, "the document was so marked after inquiries to the
Defense Dept., the White House, the National Security Council, and other Federal Agencies
could not establish the authenticity of the document or the existence of MJ -12." According to
Cole, the chief of the research division in the USAF 's Historical Research Center at Maxwell
AFB, Ala., believes the "document is a forgery."


BELGIAN PRO-UFOLOGIST •DEFLATES• BELGIUM'S 1989-90 UFO-FLAP:

        J.Vim van Utrecht, director of Belgium's Group for the Study of Strange Aerial Phenomena,
provides valuable insights into the widely publicized Belgian UFO- flap of 1989-90 which was
featured last fall on NBC's "Unsolved Mysteries" TV show. Van Utrecht's revealing paper was first
published in the November I December 1991 issue of Orbiter, a bi-monthly newsletter published by
pro- UFOlogist Jim Melesciuc, and more recently in the Feb. 1992 issue of the MUFON UFO Journal.

          Mark Rodeghier, President and Scientific Director of the Hynek Center for UFO Studies
(CUFOS) explained why he was impressed by the Belgian UFO flap in an editorial published in the
Jan . / Feb . 1991 issue of International UFO Reporter (!UR ): "First, many of the sightings were mass
events, witnessed by hundreds of people at widespread locations. This happened a number of times
during the wave, which was most intense from late November 1989 to May 1990. Second, the same
UFO was seen repeatedly, a triangular-shaped object that often flew low and slow over Belgium,
making observation of it that much easier. Third, because of this behavior, at least 20 videotapes
were taken during the wave, many with remarkable detail. And most significantly, the Belgian
government, through the air force, took a very serious attitude toward the reports and entered into
an agreement with SOBEPS, the leading Belgian UFO group, to investigate the sightings." (Emphasis
added.)

         Van Utrecht reports that because of the widespread publicity given the initial Belgian UFO
reports, "it did not take long before almost any light in the sky which could not be readily identified
was labeled a UFO. People who had never made a habit of looking skywards were now surprised
by the variety of luminous phenomena that could be seen in the course of a single night ... Twenty
years ago, a similar situation had occurred when the publicity following the initial creation of
SOBEPS set fire to a local outburst of UFO reports."

        Last October 17, SOBEPS released a 500+ page report on the Belgian UFO-flap, with an
introduction written by Dr. Jean-Pierre Petit, a scientist employed by France's National Center for
Space Studies (CNRS). Other cqnt~ibU~ors included physics professor Auguste Meessen and Maj.
Gen. J.Vilfried de Brouwer of the Belgian Air Force. Van Utrecht said the authors "almost
unanimously concluded that, in view of the evidence, the extraterrestrial hypothesis seemed the most
likely solution." But the credibility of the SOBEPS report- -especially the papers by Meessen and
Petit-- was attacked in an article in the Oct. 26 edition of the newspaper La Wollonie based on a
statement by 10 respected Belgian scientists.

        For American and non-Belgian UFOiogists not familiar with Meessen and Petit, van Utrecht
said that Meessen's previously published UFO papers were "almost entirely based on unverified
witnes·i accounts published in dubious UFO magazines." As for Petit, van Utrecht said that with
publication of his latest UFO book, "Petit has lost his last grain of credibility. In this book, 'In
           tt' •.                            .
            ._.


Skeptic:& UFO Newsletter
                                                   -·-                                      Marcb 1992


Search of Extraterrestrials Who Are Among Us-- The Mystery of the Ummites,' Petit reveals that
his scientific work at CNRS was in reality dictated to him by the inhabitants of Ummo, a planet far
beyond our own solar system."

        Because of the long duration of the Belgian UFO flap and numerous eyewitness reports, one
might expect there would be numerous good photos. But according to van Utrecht, there was "only
one good slide, a copy of which is'printed on the cover of the SOBEPS report. On page 418 we are
told that an in-depth investigation of this slide has yet to take place; but the absence of background
details in the picture, together with the f~ct that the young photographer threw away a second
photograph which he had taken during the sighting, create doubts about the lllllhenticity of the
~ideiiCe," according to van Utrecht. (Emphasis added.)


        He noted that in addition to reports of triangular-shaped UFOs, others were reported as being
rectangular, trapezoid, diamond and boomerang-shaped, adding that "position and color of lights
[reported] are rarely identical." Van Utrecht concludes that "some kind of flying machine did
indeed manifest itself over our country on several occasions between November 1989 and June 1991."
He speculates that the craft might have been a balloon or giant glider, possibly self -propelled, or
possibly an experimental airplane such as the USAF's delta-shaped F-117A stealth fighter-bomber.
However, the U.S . categcnically denied flying the F-117A over Belgium.

         [A representative of a U.S. company which supplies systems used by the Belgian Air Force
has informed SUN that some BAF officials now suspect that the •triangular shaped UFO• which
triggered the (lap was a home-made ·ultra-Light Aircraft• (a small glider-like craft powered by
a small engine) outfitted with special lights on the wing-tips and tail to generate UFO reports.
SUN's source, who insisted on anony mity, said that top BAF officials were embarrassed over a lower-
level decision to dispatch two F -16 interceptors on the night of March 30, 1990, to investigate a UFO
sighted on a ground-based radar at Otan. Although the ground -based radar UFO was moving very
slowly - -roughly 30 mph.- -the F -16 radar showed the UFO was moving at roughly 1,000 mph.,
suggesting a malfunction in the F -16radar's computer. This was BAF's last UFO-intercept mission.]


        MUFON UFO Journal editor Dennis Stacy probablv will be criticized by some MUFON
members (or publishing van Utrecht's paper. Petit and I or Meessen can be expected to accuse van
Utrecht of "sour grapes " because SOBEPS (a competitor to van Utrecht 's group} achieved world-wide
fame as a result of the Belgian flap.

         Petit, who was scheduled to speak at MUFON's annual conference in Chicago last summer,
did not show up. In his prepared paper, published in the conference proceedings, Petit sharply
criticized the French government's UFO-investigation effort, called GEPAN. In Petit's paper he said:
•we know now that GEPAN was nothing more than a debunking operation. •
                                                •••
        According to The New Republic (Feb. 10 Issue), "The most diverting part of the new
book Secret Life: Firsthand Accounts of UFO Abductions by David M. Jacobs (forthcoming
from Simon and Schuster) is the foreword by Pulitzer Prize- winning author and Harvard
psychiatry professor John E . Mack. Mack, once known for his touchy- feely approach to
assuaging nuclear anxiety .... warns ~~ 'a huge, strange interspecies or interbeing breeding
program that has invaded our ~ysical reality and is affecting the lives of hundreds of
thousands, if not millions, of people and perhaps in some way the consciousness of the entire
planet.' Although such a scenario is at variance with 'prevailing notions of reality,' Mack
implies that our ignorance may be due in part to media distortion. Oliver Stone, call your
office." (For benefit of non-U .S. readers, Oliver Stone produced recent movie "JFK" which
claims that assassination of President Kennedy was carried out by group of CIA, military and
industrial conspirators.)    -

       ·'
      "'
              ,..
      Skeptics UFO Newsletter                          -S-                                     Man:lll992


      FUFOR HOPES TO CONVINCE CONGRESS, NEWS MEDIA OF
      CRASHED-SAUCER COVERUP WITH NEW TWO-HOUR VIDEO:
              Fund for UFO Research is finishing up its latest video production, "Recollections of
      Roswell: Part II," containing interviews with what FUFOR describes as "more than 30 witnesses
      to the recovery of both alien craft and bodies in New Mexico in July 1947." FUFOR says its
      objective is "to bring the Roswell case to the attention of the American people." (At l~ast 60
      million persons already have viewed a dramatic presentation or the alleged Incident . on the
      "Unsolved Mysteries" TV show.)

              FUFOR, which admits that its earlier video and lobbying efforts failed to generate a
      Congressional investigation (See SUN #13, p. 8) already has spent $50,000 to support research
      into the alleged crashed-saucer(s) in New Mexico incident, and recently received an additional
      $7,000 in contributions to support its crashed-saucer efforts.

              FUFOR prefers to spend most or its resources on "ancient history" rather than try to get
      close-up photos or UFO which shows up rreguently In the vicinity or Gulf Breeze. Fla. [See
      SUN #12, p. 1) During the past year, there have been more than 120 appearances of the Gulf-
      Breeze UFO [GUFO], according to FUFOR chairman Bruce Maccabee, who has strongly
      rejected the possibility that GUFOs might be balloon - borne road flares or balloons outfitted
      with battery operated mini-Xmas tree lamps.

              SUN wonders why FUFOR does not use its funds to hire a small aircraft or helicopter pilot
      to stand by nightly at tht!-nearby Pensacola airport. Pilot could be alerted by radio when the GUFO
      appears and could take off and be vectored by radio to the sometimes-hovering or slow-moving
      GUFO for close-up inspection and photos. If the GUFO is really an ET craft and not a balloon-
      borne road (lare, this could provide hard evidence which Congress would find far more impressive.


      SHORT SHRIFT:
             •   Mark Rodeghier, who heads the Hynek Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS), has
      challenged the report in SUN #13 (p. 3) that while MUFON's membership has more than
      doubled to over 3,000 in the last couple years, CUFOS "which formerly had nearly as many
      members/subscribers as MUFON, reportedly has droppped below 1,000 .. ." According to
      Rodeghier, "Our subscriptions are above 1,000, though much closer to that figure than to 2,000.
      Moreover, the number or subscribers has been stable ror about rive or six years. •

             • Number or subscribers to Skeptics UFO Newsletter <SUN>, DOW entering Its third
      year or publication, has doubled during the past year and Is approaching 250. SUN goes to
      overseas subscribers In Australia, England, Germany, Italy and Japan, as well as Canada.

              •  Linda Moulton Howe, who will be the keynote speaker at this year's MUFON
      conference in Albuquerque, N.M. (July 10-12), is famed in the UFO Movement for her claims
      that UFOs are responsible for killing and mutilating livestock. She first achieved fame in 1963
      for her beauty and ·charm' when she was selected as Miss Idaho, and was a runner- up in the Miss
      America contest.

              • Don Ecker, Research Director for UFO magazine, will host a new weekly on.e-hour
      radio talk-show devoted to UFOs, which makes its debut Sunday, March 8, at 9 p.m. Pacific
      Standard Time. Show will be carried by the Cable Radio Network and will be available
      directly for those with their own satellite dish, according to Ecker .


•..
                                                                                                       ,,


   Skeptics UPO Newsletter                         -6-                                     Ma~b1992


    HOPKINS CHALLENGES DRUFFEL/CIFARELLI "MISSING-FETUS" CASE EXPLANATION:

           Budd Hopkins, chid promoter of "UFO-abduction" tales who claims ETs impregnate
   young Earthling females and then return to remove their unborn fetuses, bas challenged the
   prosaic explanation emerging from a rigorous investigation Into a "missing fetus" case conducted
   by long-time pro- UFOiogist Ann Druffel and Georgeanne Cifarelli, published in the Nov. 1991
   issue of the MUFON UFO Journal. [See SUN #13, p. 1.]

            In a Letter-to-the-Editor published in the Feb. 1992 issue of the same journal, Hopkins
   puts down the hard evidence turned up by the Druffel/Cifarelli discussions with the subject's
   doctors, preferring to rely on claims by the woman and her husband ·that they saw strange
   "entities in their bedrooms." Even if Druffel/Cifarelli have found a prosaic explanation for
   this case, Hopkins claims that "many other missing fetus cases remain truly inexplicable."

           Druffel responded to Hopkins, whom she refers to as "my friend and colleague." As for
   Hopkins' claim that "many other missing fetus cases remain truly inexplicable," pruffel said
   that while Hopkins accepts such reports as fact, "there is no case in the literature where a true
   'missing fetus' has been verified ...Only when such claims are proven, can they be accepted as
   fact. • (Emphasis added".)


           After reading SUN's summary of the "missing fetus" investigation, Druffel wrote to
   clarify our statement that the subject had joined "one of Hopkins' self- help for abductees
   groups" in Los Angeles. Druffel said this self- help group was one that she, Dr. Richard Neal
   and others had formed in the hope it might help people "who feel they have experienced
   traumatic abduction by unidentified entities." But "the group, as well as others started in this
   area, fell apart because of internal dissension," Druffel wrote. This "dissension [was] caused
   by 'contactees' who report benign experiences with 'ETs' and who attempt to proselytize
   witnesses who feel they have experienced non-benign intt;rference."

            In Druffel's letter to SUN she concludes: "I truly don't know what the 'abduction
   syndrome' is all about, though I hypothesize it is caused by some type of intradimensional
   intelligence which is, at best, mischievous and, at worst, malevolent."


   CROP CIRCLES MYSTERY EXPERTS IN DISARRAY:

             Latest upsettin& developments in the Crop Circles Mystery are reported in the Winter
   1991-92 issue of respected British publication-- The Cerealo&ist! "At the Cerealogist's First
   Annual Conference over the weekend of the 7 and 8 September, the atmosphere was upbeat and
   triumphalist. Yet amid the euphoria several speakers introduced a sombre note, warning about
   a 'campaign of disinformation' which would inevitably be launched to counteract the
   sensational effects of the 1991 pictogram formations. The very next morning the tabloid
   'newspaper' Today published the story of the circle hoaxers, Doug & Dave. Despite its dubious
   origin ...the story was broadcast all over the world ...
                            . ... r,
             "The Doug & Dave story, as shown on television everywhere, featured the cruel but
   enjoyable spectacle of a high- flying expert brought to earth and made foolish. The victim in
   this case was poor old Pat Delgado. With Colin Andrews, Terence Meaden and Busty Taylor, be
   is one of the founding fathers of cerealogy- -those who have studied crop circles since the early
   1980s. These experts have previously claimed to be infallible in distinguishing real circles from
   fakes. So it came as a shock to their trusting followers when Meaden and Taylor fell into the
   same trap as Delgado, and publicly insisted that a recently manufactured group of circles was
   the real thing ...

it' •.
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                            -7-                                        Marcla199Z


        "Pat Delgado fell into an ambush of his making. Led on by the Today team, he
identified a Doug-&-Dave insectogram as absolutely genuine ... when the Today reporter brought
Doug & Dave to his house to demonstrate how they had tricked him, he totally collapsed .. .lt
took some time, but eventually his partner, Colin Andrews, put him together again. He
withdrew his admissions and now he is just as he was before- -one of the staunchest and most
knowledgeable of the veteran crop circle researchers.

         "Next it was the turn of Terence Meaden and Busty Taylor. A group of young scientists
from Southampton, calling themselves the Wessex Sceptics, paid a Wiltshire farmer 100 [British)
pounds and crushed out a formation of circles in one of his wheatfields. Their primary target
was Terence Meaden, and they created just the very sort of rough effect which would best
illustrate Meaden's theories of whirlwinds and vortices [being responsible for crop circles.)
Meaden walked into the trap and identified the rough circles as undoubtedly genuine and                    ,.
undoubtedly caused by his hypothetical 'plasma vortex' agency.

          "Busty Taylor dowsed the Sceptics circles. His rods duly twitched, he shook his head in
the sagacious manner affected by dowsers and proclaimed: 'There's an awful lot going on
here ... an awful lot.' ... The result of all this has been to throw the world of cerealogy Into a state
of total confusion. All of its previous certainties have been demolished ... the common-sense
belief that the crop circle phenomenon is nothing but an elaborate hoax, Is now established as
the official doctrine." (Emphasis added.)

       Crop Circles were featured at last summer's MUFON conference In Chicago and
generated keen interest among attendees. One speaker was Colin Andrews. Two other speakers
were British dowsers Busty Taylor and Richard Andrews, who described mysterious emanations
which (allegedly) caused dowsing rods to react when they stood ncar a crop circle. MUFON
UFO Journal editor Dennis Stacy has devoted considerable journal space to the subject.


ATTENTION MUFON, CUFOS:
        "Most ambitious investigation of UFO phenomenon ~er conducted by a privately funded
organization" has been announced by MPI Home Video, of Oak Forest, Ill. According to MPI's press
release, "working with thousands of academics, private investigators, scientists, psychotherapists,
retired intelligence officials, and field eyewitnesses, MPI HOME VIDEO will provide the necessary
resources to uncover and-evaluate the most compelling evidence regarding UFOs. The results of their
investigations will be made known through a quarterly series of thematic video programs entitled
CONTACT UFO. • (MPI hopes its UFO movies will be available in your neighborhood video shop.)

       First MPI video, slated to be shipped in late May, is titled "CONTACT UFO: ALIEN
ABDUCTIONS, • and its suggested retail price is $19.98. Those featured will include: Mark
Rodeghier, CUFOS president; Budd Hopkins; Dr. John Mack of Harvard Medical School [Seep. 4 ];
Betty Hill ("abductee"); Ann Druffel; MUFON's Walter Webb; Michael Grosso; Eddie Bullard and
Michael Swords, both active in CUFOS.

       Although most UFOlogists ctmclde that the number of new UFO sightings is near an all-time
low (except over Gulf Breeze), Matthew White, who is producing the video series, claims "We are right
now engaged in a new flap of UFO sightings." He further claims "we now have the tools to evaluate
what we see- -indeed, much of the evidence that's being gathered would hold up as evidence in a
court of law." According to White, "the world's best minds and a few curious governments are
providing the impetus to get the process moving, and it looks like we're going to, finally, get some
answers. By the year 2000, who knows? We may just know what's out there. •
Skeptics UFO NewiJetter                           -8-                                      Man:ll1992


THE Q.OUDV CRYSTAL BALL:
May/June 1957: {Flying Saucer Review) • All this lends credence to the possibility that
authorities may shortly announce that saucers exist and that they consider them hostile. •

Aug. 15. 1974: (The National Tattler) Quoting A PRO's James Lorenzen: • A program bas been
undertaken that will over the next few months make it obvious that the government bas
reversed its position ... My information Is that the government will release all its [UFO]
information within the next three years. •

Dec. 9, 1974:   (National Examiner) "Insiders at the nation's capital feel that the government
is almost ready to release some of the information it bas reportedly withheld from the public
for 25 years concerning ~xtraterrestrial life ... The super coverup- -concerning UFOs- -makes the
White House's Watergate mess look like a high school affair.•

April 1974:    ("Beyond Earth: Man's Contact with UFOs" by Ralph and Judy Blum): ,"We
predict that by 1975 the government will release definite proof that extraterrestrials are
watching us. •

Oct. 27, 1975:  (Midnight) Quoting Robert Barry, head of The 20th Century UFO Bureau:
"The government will tell us what's been going on, in a series of television documentaries over
a period of months .... The entire story is slated to be disclosed by the 200th anniversary of
Independence on July 4, 1976."

Sept. 14, 1976: (National Enquirer) "Jeane Dixon, the world's most phenomenal seer, says a
UFO carrying super- advanced humans from a hidden planet will land on Earth within a year-·
and will help us overcome all disease, starvation and war. •

April 18, 1977: (U .S. News & World Report) "Before the year is out, the Government· -perhaps
the President·· is expected to make what are described as 'unsettling disclosures' about UFOs- •
unidentified flying objects."

May 9, 1977:     (U .S. News & World Report) Philip J. Klass Letter-to-the-Editor: "Your April
18 Washington Whispers page said that 'before the year is out, the Government- -perhaps the
President- -is expected to make what are described as "unsettling disclosures" about UFOs- •
unidentified flying objects.' I offer odds of 100:1 this will not come true ... The truth Is that the
Government has no 'unsettlinsz disclosures' to make on UFOs, unless President Carter is about
to reveal that he really hails from Mars and not from Georxia." [NOTE: My letter and 100:1
odds prompted no takers· -even from the reporter who bad written the prediction.]

July 1983: {MUFON UFO JOURNAL) Walter Andrus: "I am predicting that the forthcom-
ing book titled "Clear Intent," authored by Larry Fawcett and Barry J, Greenwood .•• will force
the Pentagon and our government intelligence agencies to reveal why they have conducted a
'Cosmic Watergate' or coverup with respect to their Involvement with UFOs. •

March 1992:       SUN predicts that such Government action could not, and will not, ever occur.
                                 " .... r ,


                          (Please •ake daecu payable
