{"created_utc": "2026-09-19T11:18:20Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 502910, "source_ctime_ns": 1788550790887545471, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-32-Mar-1995-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788550790872746194, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-32-Mar-1995-.pdf", "source_sha256": "57d2c0109bb69cd51114a6c44faac2a1dec3ed4f8cf730221c376d4331559d44"}

--
·   S
        ---


    KEPTICS
              ..

        By Philip J. Klass
                             uco   ~~
                                              NEWSLETTER
                                              404 'lV" St. SW Washif;gton DC 20024
                                                                                                         SUN #32

                                                                                                         March 1995

                                                                                                         Copyright
                                                                                                         (1995)


        ROSWBL RESEARCHER SCHMITT CAUGHT TBLING TAU.. TALES

             Don Schmitt, co-author with Kevin Randle of two Roswell crashed-saucer books and
      Director of Special Investigations for the Hynek Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS), knowingly
      provided spurious information for a feature article on Schmitt published in the Febrnary issue
      of Milwaukee magazine. The article, authored by Gillian Sender, canied the headline: "OUT
      OF THIS WORLD; with a sub-head that read: "Can a man who stretches the truth about
    . himself be trnsted to report accurately about UFOs and extrateJTestrial life?"

                The article quoted a 1990 biography, which Schmitt himself wrote, which claims "that
        he has attended the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee [UWM} and Marquette University, taking
        classes in criminology, theology and sociology. During an interview- -with his parents and fiancee
        present- -he said he is currently 'pursuing his doctorate in criminology (rom Concordia College.'
        Schmitt also said he received a master's degree from UWM and a bachelor of arts degree from
        Concordia College.

                "However, an investigation by Lisa Soik of the Franklin Information Group of Milwaukee,
        a company that specializes in background checks, found several discrepancies in his claims. Schmitt
        has never been a student at UWM or Marquette and .. . Concordia doesn't o((er doctorate programs.
        Schmitt was enrolled at Concordia for two and a half years ... but has yet to earn a bachelor's degree,
        according to Carolyn Stephens, liberal arts program director .... Schmitt has not returned phone calls
        about his educational background." [Emphasis added.]

                 Later in the article, Ms. Sender wrote: "In addition to his false statements about his
        educational background, Schmitt embellishes reality. He constantly refers to his books _as
        'bestsellers,' but that is certainly stretching the facts since the books have never appeared on any
        bestseller lists." The article acknowledges that the first Randle/Schmitt book, "UFO Crash At
        Roswell," sold 160,000 copies in its paperback edition, according to a spokesman for Avon Books
        who characterized this as "a very good showing." The article notes that the second R/ S book,
        "The Truth About the UFO Crash at Roswell," has sold more than 10,000 copies in its initial
        hardcover edition. Late last year Avon printed 50,000 paperback copies.

        SCHMITT CHARACTERIZES "Ml1f0N PEOPLE" AS "KOOKS"

               When Ms. Sender sought an appraisal of the R/S crashed-saucer books from Walter H.
        Andrus, International Director of the Mutual UFO Network [MUFON], Andrus was quoted as
        saying: "They selected the word 'Truth' [in the title of the second book} because they had to
        compensate for errors they made in the first book.            Just because they say it's the truth doesn't
        ultimately make it the truth."

                 Schmitt's response to Andrus, according to the article, was: "You have to understand.
        (J+'hen you're talking about) MUFON people, you are talking about kooks .... Kevin (Randle 1 and I a~e
        the only two professionals in the field . The rest are all amateurs ... " [Emphasis added.]
                                       . . r,
                   Author Sender comment~: "At first glance, the cumulative evidence in Schmitt's books- -the
        testimony, the documentation- -looks convincing .... But a closer look begs questions. Since some of the
        key witnesses aren't identified and most of the documentation refers to personal interviews, readers
        must rely on the authors' credibility. And that may be a problem. •

                   Aud embarrassing _for CUFOS, where Schmitt is Director of Special Investigations.


                   I ' •·
S kcpt ics UPO Newsletter                         -2-                                           March I 'J 'j )


RANDLE/SCHMITT'S                    11
                                         MISSING 11 RRST -HAND WITNESS
                                                                                                                  ·\
        Randle and Schmitt boast about how many (alleged) ftfirst- hand witnessesft they have
interviewed, but when a key witness challenges their crashed-saucer scenario, he/she turns up
"missing." For example, Bessie Brazel Schrieber, the daughter of rancher "Macft Brazel who
first discovered the unfamiliar debris in 1947. In an interview conducted on the night of July
8, 1947 in the offices of the Roswell Daily Record (and published in the July 9 edition), Brazel
reported that he had first discovered the debris on June 14. Further, that on July 4 he, his
wife, with son Vernon and daughter Bessie wwent back to the spot and gathered up quite a bit of
the debris. • Bessie was age 14 at th e time.

        Of these four key first- band witnesses, only daughter Bessie (Brazel) Schrieber is alive
today, so it is not surprising that Randle/ Schmitt interviewed her twice by telephone in March
and July, 1989, according to the first R/S book, ftUFO Crash At Roswell" (R/S #1). Although
Bessie Schrieber is mentioned in three places in R/S #1, the book fails to quote a single word
from either of the two interviews with her! And in R/S #2, Schrieber is cited only once- -again
without a single quotation from the two R/ S interviews with her.

        Roswell researcher Karl Pflock also interviewed Bessie Schrieber for his report ftRoswell
In Perspectiveft [RIP], published by the Fund for UFO Research [SUN #29/Sept. 1994]. Pflock
included a two-page affidavit in which Brazel's daughter offered her recollections of the
material which she helped to recover. Her recollections include the following:

        wThe debris looked like pieces of a large balloon which had burst. The pieces were small, the
largest I remember measuring about the same as the diam eter of a basketball. Most of it was a kind
of double-sided material, (oil-likeon one side and robb er-like on the other.... Sticks, like kite sticks,
were attached to some o( the pieces with a whitish tape. The tape was about two or three inches wide
and had [lower-like designs on it . Th e '[lowers' were faint, a variety o( pastel colors .... "

        (The recent USAF inve stigation, which concluded that the Brazel ranch debris came
from a then Top Secret Project Mogul project to u se balloon· borne sensors to detect Soviet
nuclear tests , r eported that the radar t a rget-reflectors were made by a company that also
produced children's to ys. Plastic tape wa s used to strengthen the kite-like radar reflector, and
the tape sometime s had colored flowers and geometric designs imprinted on it if the tape had
originally been acquired for use on toys.) [SUN #30 / Nov. 1994]

        Mrs. Schrieber's affidavit noted: "The foil-robb er material could not be torn like ordinary
aluminum foil.. . .!do not recall anything else about the strength or other properties of what we picked
up. We spent several hours collecting the debris and putting it into sacks. I believe we filled about
three sacks .... We speculated a bit about what the material could be. I remember dad saying. 'Oh,
it's just a bunch o( garbag e.'" f Emphasis added.]                                                     ·


"ONE PICTURE IS WORTH TEN THOUSAND WORDSft

        Respected Roswell researcher Robert G. Todd wrote to Mrs. Schrieber and sent her a
photocopy of an article by Randle/Schmitt which bad been published by CUFOS in the
Nov. /Dec. 1990 edition of its International UFO Reporter l!.!lRJ. The article contained six
photos taken in the office of Brig. Gen. Roger Ramey, in Ft. Worth, Tex., on the late afternoon
of July 8, 1947, which purport to show the debris recovered on the Brazel ranch but which R/ S
claim is ftbogus" debris substit~edr ·for the original. Todd asked Mrs. Schrieber if the debris in
the photos resembled what she recalled collecting.        Rrazel's daughter responded in writing:
"The debris shown does look like th e debris we picked up."


        t ' •.
I   Skeptics UFO Newsletter                      -3-                                        March 1995

            In Mrs. Schrieber's affidavit she said she did not remember "seeing gouges on the ground
    or any other signs that anything may have hit the ground hard. • Her recollections confirm those
    of Mai. Jesse Marcel, the intelligence officer from the Roswell Army Air Field who visited the
    Brazel ranch to collect the debris. When Marcel was interviewed April 7, 1978, on a Chicago
    radio station, he said: "No fresh impact depressions were found in the sand. •

           The recollections of these two first- hand witnesses contradict the tale of one of R/ S's
    star witnesses, retired Brig. Gen. Arthur Exon, who claims he later overflew two UFO crash
    sites where he reported seeing "obvious gouges in the terrain. • Could this possibly explain why
    R/ S opted not to quote either Mrs. Schrieber's or Marcel's recollections on this issue?

    If The Debris In Ramey's Office Was Bogus. Where Did It Come From?

            On April 23, 1994, SUN wrote to Randle, with a copy to Schmitt, posing the following
    question: "If the weather balloon and corner reflector debris photographed in Gen. Ramey's office
    did not come from the Brazel ranch, where did Ramey obtain such debris on such short notice?
    Recall that [Warrant Officer J Newton claims he was the only one at the Weather Office when Ramey
    called him to come over, and Newton has never claimed--to my knowledge--that Ramey told him
    to bring along a weather balloon with a corner re(/ector."

            When two months had elapsed without a response from Randle, I repeated the question
    in my letter of June 29 but phrased it in multiple-choice format to facilitate his reply: "I( the
    debris photographed in Ramey's o((ice was NOT that recovered on the Brazel ranch. Ramey probably
    obtained it (rom:

    (A)     The Base PX.
    (B)     The Officers Club.
    (C)     The Engine Maintenance Shop.
    (D)     The Base Hospital.
    (E)     Local Radio Shack store.
    (F)     Base Meteorological Office
    (G)     Other: _________________________

            In mid-1947, not too many air bases were outfitted with Met tracking radars. For example,
    there was none at Roswell AAF. Have you determined whether there was a tracking radar installed
    at the Ft. Worth AAF?"

         NEARLY A YEAR HAS PASSED SINCE I FIRST POSED THIS KEY QUESTION TO
    RANDLE. I HAVE YET TO RECEIVE A REPLY.

            Prof. Charles B. Moore, who headed the Project Mogul team operating at Alamogordo
    Army Air Field during June-July 1947, believes that the debris discovered by rancher Brazel
    came from a train of neoprene balloons carrying several radar targets, launched on June 4 to
    test the Project Mogul tracking radar. According to Moore, the June 4 launch was tracked to
    within 17 miles of where Brazel found the debris when contact was lost. By the time it was
    recovered by the Brazel family in early Jul)' , it would have been exposed to sunlight for nearly
    a month, which would result in deterioration of the neoprene material. After Moore examined
    the neoprene balloon remains visibler,in the photos taken in Ramey's office, he informed Roswell
    researcher Todd that its appear~nce was consistent with having been exposed to sunlight for
    about a month.

         IF THE DEBRIS PHOTOGRAPHED IN RAMEY'S OFFICE WAS BOGUS, AS
    RANDLE / SCHMITT CLAIM, WHERE COULD RAMEY HAVE OBTAINED "SUNLIGHT
    AGED" BALLOON MATERIAL ON SUCH SHORT NOTICE?


              il' •·
Skeptics UPO Newsletter                             -4-


Canadian UFOiogists Expose UFO Case Endorsed By U.S... Expert ..

         The case of a "UFO landing" in the back. yard of a dentist on the outskirts of Carp,
                                                                                                       March 1995


                                                                                                                     \
.Ontario- -30 miles west of Ottawa- -captured on video tape by an anonymous cameraman and
 featured on NBC-TV's "Unsolved Mysteries" and Fox-TV's "Sigbtings" in early 1993, bas been
 exposed as a hoax by the Canadian UFO Research Network (CUFORN) in the March/ April
 issue of UFO magazine. The anonymous cameraman called himself "Guardian. • The case bad
 earlier been investigated and endorsed by Bob Oechsler, with a more qualified endorsement by
 Dr. Bruce Maccabee, despite the fact that the video was accompanied by obviously hoax
 Canadian government documents and still photos of "ETs." [SUN #20/March 1993]

        The article, jointly authored by Tom Theofanous, Errol Bruce- Knapp and Graham
Lightfoot, noted that "evidence that Oechs/er has presented suggests that he and Bruce Maccabee
had conducted an elaborate analysis of Guardian's video which proved that the object beside the
flares on the ground was an 'extraordinary craft.'... Anybody who owns a decent video recorder with
a steady freeze- frame function would have been able to see ... it [UFO J looks exactly like a pick-up
truck. Another clue: the last few frames of the Guardian video show a windshield with the wipers
in the upright position .... "

       The principal (alleged) witness to the incident was the dentist's wife who initially
claimed that she did not know who had made the video tape. But later, according to the
CUFORN investigators, she "admitted that Bobby Charlebois, a UFO buff who had called himself
Guardian for many years, was, in fact, a family friend and would visit them several times a week!"

SUN WONDERS: WlLL NRC-TV AND/OR FOX-TV PRODUCE A SEQUEL REVEALING
THAT THE CANADIAN VIDEO IS A HOAX? DON'T HOLD YOUR BREATH ....

          The article concludes: "From th e fo regoin g it sh ould be apparent to th e reader that Oechsler
and Ma ccab ee are eith er ve ry ba d in ves ti gators and an alyst s or th eir m oti1•es in the field of ufolog y
ar e highly qu estionable .. .. lf we cann ot rrust th e elhi cs of our senior and resp ec ted hi gh profile
research ers and inves ti gators, how can we continue to fun ction and push to wards our stated goal of
solving th e UFO enigma ? We don't nee d the li kes o[ Philip Kla ss to ma k e us look bad. Bv ignoring
th e [a cts we look bad." [Emphasis a dd e d .]

        Oechsler, like Maccabee, strongly endorsed the UFO photos taken by Ed Walters, of Gulf
Breeze, Fla., and maintained a close friendship with Walters. For several years, Oechsler
offered his services as a consultant to TV crews who planned to visit Gulf Breeze hoping to film
a "Red-light UFO " [RUFO] which resembled a balloon-borne road flare. When Oechsler served /
as a consultant, the R UFO usually appeared. On Sept. 1, 1994, Oechsler announced that he was .
retiring from the UFO field. SUN has learned that Oechsler has become a real estate salesman.

SUN SCOOP: Pentagon Is Launching UFOs Into Earth Orbit

        SUN has learned that the Pentagon has launched four UFOs, each weighing nearly 3,000
pounds, into geosynchronous orbit. The first UFO was launched on Sept. 3, 1993, and the most
recent on Jan. 29 using an Atlas-2 booster. These UFOs are the UHF [Ultra- High Frequency]
follow-On satellites, intended to replace the Navy's aging Fleet Satellite Communications
(FLTSATCOM) spacecraft which provide reliable ship-to-ship and ship-to-shore communi-
cations for the U.S. Navy. They
                            .  .,. '~e also used by the USAF and Army .
                                    __


        Although the llFOs , built by Hughes Aircraft, carry solar cell panels which extend to
60ft. in length , they are not likel y to generate any UFO reports. The reason is that they "fly"
at an altitude of 22,300 miles in equatorial orbit at the same velocity as the earth turns, causing
them to appear to "hover" in a fixed location .


   ....

          .
          .
                                                                                                             -
I   Skeptics UFO Newsletter                         -5-


    Mack's Harvard Tenure Reportedly Threatened By Faculty Investigation
                                                                                                March 1995


            Dr. John Mack, the Hanard psychiatry professor who emerged a year ago as a leading
    guro in the UFO-abduction movement with publication of his book • Abduction: Human
    Encounters With Aliens, • is under fire from his colleagues, according to a Feb. 9 letter from
    Daniel Sheehan which says be bas been retained as legal counsel by Mack. The letter, sent to
    Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) consultants, says "Harvard University has secretly convened a
    'Special Faculty Committee' to investigate Dr. Mack's work" in the UFO-abduction field.

           "This Special Faculty Committee is Chaired by Dr. ArnoldS. Reiman, the former Editor of
    The New England Journal o( Medicine, and a recent appointee to the Massachusetts State Board of
    Medical Examiners, • according to Sheehan. Other panel members include Harvard's Legal
    Counsel and the Associate Dean of the Medical School. According to Sheehan, the Committee
    "has written its Draft Report of its Findings of Fact against Dr. Mack before Dr. Mack was ever
    informed of any specific accusations of misconduct ... "

            Although Sheehan's letter does not provide verbatim quotes, he says the Draft Report
    "finds that it is professionally irresponsible for any academic, scholar or practicing psychiatrist to
    give any credence whatsoever to any personal report of a direct personal contact between a human
    being and an Extraterrestrial Being until a(ter the person ... has been subjected to every possible
    available battery of standard psychological tests which might conceivably explain the report as the
    product of some known form of clinical psychosis . ~·· To communicate, in any way whatsoever, to a
    person who has reported a 'close encounter' with an Extraterrestrial life form that this experience
    might well have been real ... is professionally irresponsible."

            Sheehan said: "The Committee makes a specific Finding that such conduct on the part of
    Dr. John Mack was 'in violation of the standards of conduct expected of a member of the faculty
    of Harvard University'. • Sheehan noted that unless the report is changed it might be used to
    file a formal complaint of malpractice with the State Board of Medical Examiners. He urged
    recipients of his letter to write letters in support of Mack by the March 15 deadline.

    Disney World Exhibit To .. Educate .. Kids On UFOs, Abductions

            • Alien Encounters and ExtraTERRORestrial Experience" will be the feature attraction
    at the new "Tomorrowland" exhibit area at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Fla., now slated -to
    open this summer. The new UFO/ET exhibit was scheduled to open in January but when Disney
    Chairman Michael Eisner visited the exhibit and found it "disappointing," be ordered it closed
    down for drastic changes.

            However, Disney World decided to proceed with its planned "UFO Summit, " to enable
    the hundreds of already invited news media to meet with and interview leading UFO!ogists--
    selected by UFO magazine's research director, Don Ecker. These included UFO-abduction guru
    Budd Hopkins, Roswell crashed-saucer expert KHin Randle, Russian UFO specialist George
    Knapp, hypnotherapist Yvonne Smith and a number of "UFO-abductees." Another panelist was
    Bruce Cornet, who claims to have discovered a creature-made structure on the moon which
    stands more than five miles tall· -25times the height of the Empire State Building. To provide
    "balance," Ecker invited movie-producer Russ Estes, a one-time "UFO-believer" who has grown
    increasingly skeptical as a re~~lt of his first- hand investigations.

          ECKER REPORTS THAT DISNEY IS PRODUCING A UFO DOCUMENTARY CALLED
    "ALIEN ENCOUNTERS." IF IT DOES WELL, SUN PREDICTS THERE WILL BE SEQUELS
    INCLUDING: "SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN ETs," "PINOCCHIO- -THE ET HYBRID,"
    AND "BAMBI'S Ml!TILATION BY A UFO."


            ..   '
                                                                                                                     -
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                             -6-                                                March 1995


More Raws In Mortician's Tale of (Alleged) Nurse, ET Bodies
 (Sharp controversy rages among crashed-saucer researchers Kevin Randle, Don Schmitt, Stanton Friedman, Don
 Berliner and Karl Pnock over the credibility of their respective "key witnesses" who claim knowledge of ET bodies
.(allegedly) recovered ncar Roswell in 1947. But ALL five endorse the talc told by former mortician GLENN DENNIS
 who claims a friend who was a nurse at the Roswell Army Air Field--NAOMI MARIA SELFF--participated in an
 autopsy on ET bodies. Numerous naws and inconsistencies in the Dennis tale were reported in SUN #31. Additional
 naws arc detailed below.)

        Dennis told SUN in a Dec. 9, 1991, interview that he gave his "sacred oath" to the
(alleged) nurse that he would keep secret the information and the sketch of an ET body which
Dennis said she drew for him while both were sitting in the Officers Club. But instead of
putting the ET sketch in a bank safe- deposit box or hiding it in his apartment, Dennis said he
put the sketch in his personal files at the Ballard Funeral Home. In 1962, when he left Ballard
to go into business for himself, he left the ET sketch behind.

        In August of 1989, Dennis revealed the nurse's tale to Stanton Friedman in a lengthy,
tape-recorded interview, and Friedman asked to see a copy of the (alleged) ET sketch. Dennis
agreed and the two men went to the Ballard Funeral Home to look for the ET sketch. Dennis
told SUN that all of the old files were there--EXCEPT FOR THOSE OF 1947 CONTAINING
THE (ALLEGED) ET SKETCH.            At that point, Dennis might have remembered his "sacred
oath" and have decided to drop the matter.

        But instead, Dennis decided to reconstmct the ET sketch from a!!.iDI! memory and gave
it to an artist friend--Walter Henn--torefine it. In July, 1991, Henn's version of Dennis' ET
sketch which Dennis (allegedlv) had given his "sacred oath" to keep secret, was published in the
Randle / Schmitt book "UFO Crash At Roswell." When SUN asked Dennis whether he had
provided the ET sketch to Randle/ Schmitt, he replied: "No, I did not give it to Schmitt and
Randle. " When SlJN asked how the ET sketch ended up in the R/S book, Dennis replied: "That's
what I'd like to know, because I gave it to {only] ONE person. • Dennis declined to identify that
person. When we discussed this issue with Randle, he said that Dennis himself supplied the
sketch used in R/ S #1.

        Randle/Schmitt were not the only ones to receive a copy of the ET sketch that Dennis
had promised to keep secret. On July 6, 1991, Stanton Friedman showed the same ET sketch
as a slide during his talk at the MUFON conference in Chicago.

Dennis' Blinding- Rash Recollection Of All-Important Date
                   II                 II


        Until late March of 1994, Dennis bad consistently said that be did not recall the specific ·
date in early July of 1947 when he (allegedly) took a slightly injured airman to the RAAF base
hospital, encountered nurse Selff, and was brusquely treated by military personnel . But while
attending lectures by Randle/ Schmitt in Roswell on March 27, Dennis suddenly had a "blinding
flash of recall," as be reported three days later to Karl Pflock.

       Dennis suddenly recalled that after he arrived back from meeting the nurse in the
Officers Club, the Roswell Daily Record arrived bearing the headline: "RAAF CAPTURES
FLYING SAUCER ON RANCH IN ROSWELL REGION." The date: Tuesday, July 8, 1947.

        Karl Pflock describes Dennis' "blinding- flash recall" in his report "Roswell In
Perspective, " published last si.Jrrt'\nc~ 'by the Fund for UFO Research [FUFOR]. Although Pflock
knew that a reprint of the front page of the July 8 newspaper is prominently displayed in
Roswell's International UFO Museum which Dennis frequently visits, Pflock did not question
why Dennis had completely forgotten until he heard the R/ S lectures. Pflock aptly char-
acterizes it as an "important new development," but f'<~ils to discuss its implications.


         tl'· •·
I   Skeptics UFO Newsletter


    Dennis' Rawed Chronology
                                                      -7-                                       March 1995


             In an interview early this year with Associated Press reporter Tim Korte, Dennis said
    that shortly after noon [Monday, July 7], he had received several phone calls from the RAAF
    Mortuary Officer. "He also wanted to know about procedures for picking up bodies that had been
    left in the elements for several days, possibly mutilated by predators," Dennis was quoted as telling
    the reporter. Yet, according to Dennis' "flash-recall," wb.en he went out to the base hospital
    several hours later, the autopsy already was under way on the ET bodies.

           In the same interview, Dennis was quoted as saying: "She [nurse] said there were two
    pathologists from Walter Reed Hospital" who were performing the autopsy. If two pathologists
    had been brought to Roswell from the Army's Walter Reed Hospital in Washington D.C. to
    perform the autopsy, there would have been no need for the Mortuary Officer to ask Dennis
    about the effects of embalming fluid on body tissue since the autopsy would precede burial.

            With aircraft available in 1947, if pathologists were performing the ET autopsy in
    Roswell in the late afternoon of July 7, they would have bad to depart Washington by roughly
    9 a.m. This means that RAAF officials must have discovered the crashed-saucer and ET bodies
    no later than early morning of July 7- -several hours BEFORE rancher Mac Brazel arrived at
    Sheriff Wilcox's office in Roswell. WHERE WERE THE BODIES FOUND?

    *       If found on the Brazel ranch, there would have been no need for rancher Mac Brazel to
    drive all the way to Roswell that Monday morning to report the unusual debris he had earlier
    discovered. Certainly Intelligence Officer Maj. Jesse Marcel and Counter-Intelligence Officer
    Capt. Sheridan Cavitt would already have visited the Brazel ranch. Yet it is known that Marcel
    and Cavitt did not visit the Brazel ranch until very late afternoon on July 7.

    *      If found at the "Randle/Schmitt crash site" 35 miles north of Roswell, Marcel and Cavitt
    would have gone to that location to conduct a detailed investigation and would been much tuo
    busy to respond to Sheriff Wilcox's call around noon to meet with Brazel and return with him
    to examine and gather the non-descript debris. Marcel never mentioned the "R/ S crash site"
    to family or friends, and it is not mentioned in Cavitt's recent sworn statement.

           In either event, Brig. Gen. Roger Ramey would not bother to ask that the Brazel ranch
    debris be flown to Ft. Worth for examination. Instead he would immediately have flown to
    Roswell to examine the crashed saucer and look at the ET bodies. But we know he did not!

                                  11             11
    Friedman Resorts to Cover-up

            In an effort to determine significant changes in the tale told by Glenn Dennis. SUN has
    attempted to obtain a copy or transcript of Stanton Friedman's first taped interview with
    Dennis in early August of 1989. When SUN learned that Pflock had a transcript, we requested
    a copy. He agreed to provide a copy if Friedman granted permission. On Dec. 7, SUN wrote
    Friedman to request his approval. To motivate his favorable response, we offered to pay him
    $25.00 for giving permission to Pflock, or to pay Friedman $75.00 if he himself would provide
    the transcript.
                                 .     r,
           When more than a mont'tl had elapsed without a response, SUN again wrote Friedman
    on Jan. 15, enclosing a copy of our original offer. Our letter noted: "Rather than conclude that
    you are intentionally trying to withhold that transcript and thus resorting to 'cover-up,' I'm writing
    again." Nearly two months have elapsed since SUN's first letter without any response.

         WHAT IS FRIEDMAN TRYING TO HIDE?   REMEMBER THIS THE NEXT TIME
    YOU SEE/HEAR FRIEDMAN ACCUSE THE U.S. GOVERNMENT OF "COVER-UP."


             it' •.
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                  -8-                                                      March 199~
                                                                                                                                  -
SHORT SHRIFT

*       If you'd like to interview former Roswell mortician Glenn Dennis, contact Karl Pnock.
When Ms. Dava Sobel, who is working on a story for Omni magazine on the Roswell incident,
tried to contact Dennis to arrange an interview when she visited Roswell, she receind a call
from Pflock saying that Dennis was no longer
granting interviews and that Pflock "is now acting
as Dennis' spokesman," according to Sobel. Pnock
denies that be is DOW Dennis' "official spokesman. w
He explains: "Glenn is no longer talking to media
researchers et a/. When he gets such calls and queries,
he refers them to me as the Roswell researcher he
considers to be the 'best'."

•       The late Sgt. Melvin E. Brown , who was
based at Roswell Army Air Field in July of 1947,
is a key Randle/Schmitt ''witness" because of his
daughter's claim that he said he was dispatched to
the crash site for guard duty and personally saw
the ET bodies. She said her father reported the skin
of the ETs was "yellowish· orange" and rescm bled
that of a lizard .. SllN doubts that Sgt. Brown was
involved in recoverv of anY ET bodies- -unless
RAAF planned to EAT them. Brown's military
record shows he sernd as a COOK.

*      The last issue of SUN reported that Kevin
                                                                                                   Journal-Bullet•n lllustrauon
Randle, after reading Karl Pflock's report "Roswell
In Perspective," bad w1itten Prtock on July 6, 1994,
to say that RIP was "an impressi~·e work ... [which Z                  Otherworldly offense
certainly supports the theory that a Mogull>alloon was                      Professional football faces an uncertain
responsible (or the Brazel ranch (ind .... The arr.!£L!2.1             future- if you, believe new revelations made by
testimony and evidence does seem to lead to that                       a UFO expert during a Florida conference on
                                                                       space aliens.      -
conclusion." In Randle's letter of Jan. 26 to SUN,                          UFOlogist Budd Hopkins- who has spent
be does not question the accuracy of the quote but                     years promoting stories of humans being
he uplaioed: "/have never endorsed the idea that a                     abducted (and their eggs and sperm being
Project Mogul balloon caused the debris field found                    removed) by extraterrestrials- told a Pensacola
                                                                       audience,that he has "ev·ery reason to believe"
by Mac Brazel in July 1947."                                           that human-alien hybrids live among us. and that
                                                                       they "can do all of the things the aliens can do.
*       Leading gurus in the "UFO-abduction cult"                      They can pass tt)rough walls. They are
claim that "abductees" are perfectly normal folks.                     telepathic."     ·
One of Dr. John Mack's "abductees," a hypnothera·                           The news has prompted UFO critic Philip
                                                                       Klass, publisher of the Skeptics UFO Newsletter,
pist who treats other "abductees," is Sharon Filip.
                                                                       to warn that if Hopkins is right, football will
During an inten:iew on Seattle TV station KOMO                         never b€ the same. Not onlv could an alien-
on April 25, 1994, Filip said that when she was a                      human defensive back "read" every play before
child, "My mom used to have to cover the mirror. I                     the shap. says Klass, "imagine what a Hybrid
used to see faces and people coming into my room .... !                running back who can penetrate walls could do
                                                                       to the best defensive line."
saw things that other people didn't see."

NOTE: Opinions expressed in SUN are those of its Editor--unlessotberwise noted'--and do not necessarily represent the views
of any organization with which be is affi,!i,iltecf-~orhis spouse , We thank Dr. Gary P6sner for help in proofreading,


SKEPTICS UFO NEWSLETTER (SUN) IS PUBLISHED BIMONTHLY. SUBSCRIPTION
RATE (SIX ISSUES) IS $15/YEAR FOR U.S./CANADA. OVERSEAS RATE (AIRMAIL) IS
$20/YEAR. (Please make check/money order payable to Philip J. Klass)


         ,.. ..
