{"created_utc": "2026-09-21T13:12:52Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 547464, "source_ctime_ns": 1788537949745468529, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-49-Jan-1998-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788537949730370505, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-49-Jan-1998-.pdf", "source_sha256": "682b64fed2090a465840062fd38ac947e68390256a0704debdc5b9fc7adf3e53"}

S   KEPTICS
    By Philip J. Klass
                         UFO NEWSLETTER 404 'N"St. SWWash;ngtonDC 20024
                                                                                        SUN #49

                                                                                        Jan. 1998

                                                                                         Copyright
                                                                                         (1998)


    Philip J. Corso's Roswell Book Is Riddled With Factual Errors As Well
    As Ridiculous Claim That Army Couldn·'t Figure Out How To Exploit
    (Alleged) ET Technology For 14 Years Until Corso Was Given The Task

            "The Day After Roswell," by former Lt. Col. Philip J. Corso (USA, Ret.), co-authored
    by William J. Birues, which has been strongly endorsed by MUFON's director of research and
    briefly made the best-seller list of the New York Times last summer, is the most factually
    flawed and self- contradictory book on the subject ever published- -in ,S.Ufi's opinion. The many
    factual errors might be attributed to the aging recollections of the 80-plus-year-oldCorso. But
    in the book's acknowledgements, Corso thanks "eighteen various U.S. Army installations from
    which I requested historical and background information on details of projects and studies in which
    I participated." Yet the book is riddled with factual errors, many of which are inexcusable.

            For example, Corso states that the Roswell debris was "shipped to Fort Bliss, Texas,
    headquarters of the 8th Army Air Force ... " [p . 23 , 56) [Emphasis added.] Every other book ever
    published on the Roswell Incident has correctly located the 8th Air Force headquarters at the
    Fort Worth Army Air Field; Fort Bliss is located more than 500 miles to the west, near El Paso,
    as Corso should know since he was based there in late 1956. All other Roswell books correctly
    report that Lt. Walter Haut distributed his press release announcing recovery of a flying disk
    around noon on July 8 and that Gen. Ramey's balloon-borne radar target explanation was not
    made until that evening. But according to Corso: "By the next morning, July 8, ihe suppression
    of the crash story was in full operation." [Emphasis added .]

               Even on military matters with which Corso should have had firsthand knowledge he
    goofs badl y. For example, on page 234 he wrote that the Pentagon's Advanced Research
    Projects Agency "was founded in 1958." On the facing page Corso wrote: "In 1958, when it was
    developing the concepts behind the particle-beam weapon, ARPA was only a year old. It was formed
    in 1957." On page 197, Corso- -who served as a commander of an Army anti-aircraft missile
    contingent in Germany- -says that the Army's Hawk anti-aircraft weapon is a "heat-seeking
    mis... ile" for its terminal guidance . The H Rwk is a radar-g!lidetl. missile. The book claims that
    "the American public first heard about the existence of Stealth [aircraft] technology in President
    Jimmy Carter's campaign against President Ford in 1976." The first limited disclosure of the new
    B-2 stealth bomber did not come until four years later during the Carter-Reagan campaign.

    Corso Claims U - 2 Flights Over USSR Were To Test Air Defenses And To Spot Crashed UFOs

            Corso' s book says that during the mid-1950s, he served as an Army intelligence officer
    for the White House's National Security Council. He claims that Top Secret photos of the
    USSR taken by high- flying U -2 aircraft routinely crossed his desk but the very first U -2 flight
    over the USSR occurred on July 4, 1956, and Corso was transferred to Ft. Bliss less than . four
    months later. Corso makes the ridiculousf '
                                                   claim that the U -2 overflights. had
                                                                                     ..
                                                                                        other
                                                                                         .
                                                                                               objectives
    beyond monitoring the Soviet's missile program progress. "We wanted to know how accurately
    their radars could track the U-2 and whether any of their missiles could bring it down. So we
    deliberately provoked them by making our presence known when we wanted them to fire at us."
    Corso also claims, the U -2 flights were intended to "search for any evidence of extraterrestrial
    spacecraft landings or crashes .... We also wanted to see whether the Soviets were harvesting any of
    the alien aircraft [sic] technology (or themselves." [Emphasis added.]
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                               -2-

       Corso erroneously claims that the Discover satellite program, which served to develop
                                                                                                          Jan. 1998


techniques for reco v.- ring film cap!~:u Jcs from reconnaissance sa tel I ' 1 •: s, originally '"' as a NASA
                                                                                                                       \
(National Aer o n.>~•'· ·      -'~ Space A d ~. . ;, , istntli on) llrogram. }"rom it: iuception in the late ·t950s,
the Discover 1' " -'t-;r:. . )'( ii.S a joint C IA/USAl<' effort wbid~ OJ> c ratl' · ~· under the then Top Secret
code name of l'roj t · . ' Corona.

CORSO CLAIMS · -\ \~ ;\ fY REVEALED                TOP SECRET          SATELl . ITES · TO SOVIETS

       According t · ... ,, rso , "We kn,;w that the Soviets wou ld very qu ickly find out about the [U.S.
reconnaissance sat .:   ' J program ... J! iven the CIA's penetration by the r r;B .... Weadded an additional
incentive for th e S n• · : to discoura r •: them fr om getting o .. ir f rien ... . in the CIA to leak th e story
to friendly jourrwli ~, ... u fld blow th e r-nvcr on the whole oper.; tion. We · ncouraged them [Soviets] to
participate with us in the hidden ag enda of Corona : survt·i .'l unce of ! '" tential alien crash landings.
Army Intelligence, ur•on Eisenhower's and N S C's expu •1· approvol, let it be known to their
counterparts in th e ,\'uviet military that any aerial intel/igcn. ·c... that r·· · •:aled the presence of aliens
on Soviet territory ~ ould be shared with their m i litary .. .. Our inu ·•tive worked and the KGB
encouraged the CIA ... not to leak the story."

       If Corso h a d ·•p t:nt a few mi nu ft~s readin ~; my book "S{·cret ~" ntries In Space," published
in 1971, be could h :. , r. learned that the "cat w a s out of the bag" h .' t he late 1950s although the
CIA did not reveal .. .. y details on th e Coron a program t11 di l 199 .' .

•      The O ct. J -1 ' 'i 51 , issue of '\v iation \~'f ek magazi nt' carried a feature article reporting
that Lockheed h a u · •:en selected to develop a photo reconnaissat1 r e satellite.

•       During open Senate hearings in early February of 195_8; U~AF; . Chief of Staff Gen.
Thomas Powers pr• " ; cl cd that plHJto reconnai ssance would be onr of the Ci~t applications for
military satellites. 'l u is aod relatr <f testimony by USAF officials "''as contained in proceedings
published by th e 1 ·: . l.overnment l'rintiug Office.                                ·;

•      On Aug. 11 , 1 ') 60, after m:• ny earlier unsuccessful attemp t ·. the capsule from Discover
13 was recovered. l' i • ulos showing President Eisenhower and top 1· ·~ AF orricials examining the
capsule in the Wl•i ,,· House were widely publi shed.

•       Duriog 196 1 - 62 , Soviet representatives at the United Nati ,. us publicly urged the UN to
bao the use of "s(• )' ~a tcllites." B y mid-1963, when the USSR ba d succeeded in developing its
own reconnaissanc .-. satellites, the USSR terminated its call t .. r a bao. Premier Nikita
Khrushchev, in an interview with a N ew Yor-k Times repo:-t~r pu ! >~ · .hed July 15,1963, s~d that
reconnaissance sa tt:ll ites bad eliminated the need for on-site i .. ·.. pection for strategic arins .
control. Kbrushch n ' added: "May be !'//let you see my photograp h                   Seemingly, the USSR
bad decided to co ~; ,',, r f. its own Sl'af'(:_h for cra shed sauc ers rat ~y t_b an depend on the U.S.

Corso's .. Genh.- :7 " Solves Army's 14- Year Dilemrrla
       The corner:'J<:J nr of Corso 's book is his ridiculou s claim t h_:•t debris recovered from the
Roswell cra shed s:· __ , er included such advanced extrat errestrial l !· chnology as semiconductor
microcircuits, la st · -~ · fi b cr-optir ~ , night-vi sion devic es __ and ev rn particle-beam accelerator
weapons, which th 1· Army stored in a Pent a gon file cabin et for 1 4 ' ears because it didn't know
how to exploit th t' ·n with out revt·;tJing the Ro swell sec n· t, until ( orso was given the task .
                                     - ~


       This despi1•~ tl•e fact that Corso endorses the Claim- -now rejected by · most UFO
researchers--that Pr(~~ id e nt Truman bad created a special top-level working group (MJ-12)in
September of 194 7 t o investigate and exploit the Roswell tccbno!ogy. However Corso claims
that MJ -12 was handicapped because "the group didn't have thl" one thing most government
committees had, the ability_ to draw upon other areas of the government for more resources. •
I   Skeptics UFO Newsletter                        -3-                                          Jan. 1998

            Shortly after Corso returned from duty in Germany, he was assigned to the staff of the
    Army's director of research and development (R&D), Lt. Gen. Arthur Trudeau, in the Pentagon.
    Corso claims [p. 1] that "for two incredible years ... [he was] heading up the Foreign Technology
    desk." This claim is challenged by Corso's military record which shows that ·he served only one
    year in the Foreign Technology div. (July 20, 1961 ·until July 18, 1962) and headed that
    operation only for the last three months before being transfeJTed to another assignment. Corso
    retired less than a year later, on Mar•. 1, 1963, with the rank. of Lt. Colonel- -a rank. he had held
    for approximately 10 years. In view of Corso's claim in the closing pages of his book. that "what
    General Trudeau and I did helped change the course of history," it is snrprising that Corso's           v'
    military career ended so soon after his Roswell debris effort and without any increase in rank..

            Although Corso had not previously worked directly for Trudeau, Corso claims that on
    his first day in the Pentagon Trudeau called him to come to his office where Trudeau
    (allegedly) revealed the "Army's deepest and most closely guarded secret: the Roswell files"
    containing debris recovered from the Roswell crashed saucer [p. 2). Corso claims. that for
    nearly 14 years, the debris with its advanced ET technology had been sitting in an Army file ~
    cabinet in the Pentagon because the Army could not figure out how to exploit the ET \
    technology without revealing that its source wa;; an ET craft thatnad been recovered near
    Roswell. According to Corso, Trudeau said: "I need a plan from you. Not simply what this
    property [Roswell debris] is, but what we can do with it. Something that keeps it out of play until
    we know what we have and what use we can make of it" [p. 43).

           Trudeau's (alleged) choice of Corso for this task. is surprising because Corso did not have
    even a bachelor's degree in science or engineering. (He had majored in Industrial Arts at a
    teachers college prior to being drafted in 1942.) One would expect Trudeau, or one of his
    predecessors, to have thought of turning the Roswell debris over to some of the many very
    competent scientists with Top Secret clearances then employed in · Army research and
    development laboratories.

             Corso said Trudeau warned him: "The Air Force wants it [the Roswell debris] because they
    think it belongs to them. The Navy wants it because they want anything the Air Force wants. The
    CIA wants it so they can give it to the Russians." (p. 43) Corso offers another motivation for Navy
    interest on p. 54: "The Navy was struggling with its own problem of figuring out what to do about
    USOs--UnidentifiedSubmerged Objects ... [which] could plunge right into the ocean... and surface
    half way around the world without leaving so much. as an underwater signature we could pick up.
    Were these UFOs building bases on the oceanic basins?" According to Corso, each of the services
    ha.dbeen extremely s~cretive about its.own each~ of_R9swel_l cra~h debris [p. S 1] while actively
    seeking to enlarge its cache. Trudeau promptly arranged for the four-drawer file cabinet of
    Roswell debris to be transferred to Corso's office. On p. 40 of the book, Corso says the transfer
    was accomplished by "(our enlisted men," but on p. 64 Corso claims the file cabinet was brought
    to his office by "two of the biggest enlisted men I'd ever seen." [Emphasis added.)

    CORSO'S INGENIOUS STRATEGY TO COVERTLY EXPLOIT ET TECHNOLOGY

            After approximately a month of study of the Roswell debris and deep contemplation,
    Corso came up with an ingenious plan to exploit the ET technology without revealing the
    Roswell crashed-saucer secret: covertly provide pieces of the Roswell debris to defense
    contractors' scientists or to Army laboratories for analysis and •reverse-engineering, • under the
    guise that the material was "Foreig• , Technology• which had been covertly obtained from the
    USSR or other countries--including our NATO allies. Curiously, Corso claims that 14 years
    earlier a similar strategy had been proposed by Lt. Gen. Nathan Twining and adopted by the
    USAF as a cover for its exploitation of ET technology. As a resnlt, according to Corso, "by the
    late 1950s at Norton Air Force Base, at least two prototypes of alien craft had been fabricated, but
    neither had the power source of the craft that had crashed." [p. 107) If true, the USAF had been
    rapidly exploiting its Rosw:_ell debris while the Army's sat in a Pentagon file cabinet.
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                          -4-

        To assist in selecting companies capable of analyzing and reverse-engineering different
                                                                                                Jan. 1998        \
pieces of Roswell debris, Corso camt: up wilh auvlher ingcni11 S ide ;, · consult with top scientists,
"like the rocket scientists from Germany then still working at Alamogor .to and White Sands. • [p. 105]
Corso's list includ rd Humann Obc1·th and Werner von Braun. [N t·ither was then at either of
1 : . ; ·: ~ w Mexico ra ,·ilitil's: Oberth had since returned to Germany a11d von· Braun was now based

in J ••fltsville, Ala., as director of NASA's Marshall Space Flight ·Ct:nter. Corso claims that "von
Braun had gone ort record in 1959 by announcing that the U.S. military had acquired a new
technology as a rcwlt of top-secret research in unidentified flying objects," but Corso offers no
references to subslantiate this clai111.]

THE (ALLEGED} ROSWELL SEMICONDUCTOR MICROCIRCUIT

       One piece of ET technology which Corso claims be found in the Roswell debris file
cabinet was a 2-inch-diameter wafer containing a mass of conductors etched on its surface. "It
was a circuit- -anyone could figure that out by 1961, especially when you put it under a magnifying
glass - -but from the way these wafers were stacked on each other, this was a circuitry unlike any
other I'd ever seen. • fp . 45] Corso claimed be learned from rocket scientist Obertb that be and
von Braun had firsl st·cn tbe wafers in July of 1947 when they had flown to Roswell to examine              ~-
the crash debris. Corso claims thai von Braun promptly recognized the wafer to be a semicon-
ductor device and su~gt~ stcd it be shown to Bell Lahoratori•·~ scientists. In mid-1947 Bell Labs'
solid-state re~carch was stiJI under wraps for patent l" ··lc:ction and the first successful
operation of a tnm .~i-~1 or would not occur until Dec 23, I '1_:17 .

        "In effect, th e rcyerse-engincrring of solid-state integrated circuitry began in the weeks and
months after the cru.1h .... ln the summer of 1947, the scientists at Alamr>gordo were only aware of the
solid-state research under way at Bell Labs and Motorola," according to Corso. In reality,
Motorola would n ot enter the semiconductor field until the early 19.50s. More importantly,
neither Bell Labs nor Motorola were pioneers in developing an integrated ci~cuit chip. The
pioneers were Tcx as I ostruments, which filed for a patent on Feb. 6, 1959, and Fairchild
Semiconductor, wh o.st patent appli<:ation was filed on July 30,1959. These patent applications
were filed two yea rs be rore Corso claims be introduced tbe Roswell microchip to industry.

Corso's Dubiovs Account Of His "Non- Roswell Debris" Pentagon Duties

       After Corso was transferred out of the Army's Foreign Technology division, he served
as a staff office r in Trudeau's Plans div. for eight months until he retired. There his
responsibiiities in cluded monitoring the Nike Z eus anti-ballistic missile (ABM) program then
under development hy Bell Laborato ries. In Corso's book he quotes from a memo he allegedly
wrote to Gen. Trud cau --no date given--which cited alleged deficiencies in the Zeus design.

         "In recent m onths it has com e to our attention that th r Snviets can change the trajectory of
an ICBM after launch once it is on its way to a target.... Th o •I ore a technical proposal must be
drawn up as soon us possible for an antimissile missile [All i\1 1 that will be able to lock onto an
incoming ICBM and stay locked on through all evasive man<~U\'O s and destroy it before it reaches
its target .... Present systems cannot remain locked onto an incoming ICBM or find the target to
destroy if it changes trajectory .... Our spy satellites will be able to locate the Soviet. warheads once
they are launched but the Soviets are also developing the capability to disable . our surveillance
satellites ... "                        f '

         Corso was dead wrong in claiming that our photo reconnaissance or early warning
satellites, then under development, could "locate Soviet warheads once they are launched."
Corso also erred in claiming that the Nike Zeus radar could not track a Soviet maneuvering
ICBM war-head. More than a year earlier, on Dec. 14, 1961, a versatile new phased-BJTay radar
had demonstrated such capability at the Army's White Sands Proving Ground in New Mexico •


    ...
I   Skeptics UFO Newsletter                        -5-                                          Jan. 1998

           Corso also claims he recommended a major redesign_ of the guidance systems used in our
    own ICBMs- -apparently forgetting that responsibility for all ICBMs and their guidance systems
    had earlier been assigned to the USAF. Corso proposed that the ICBM guidance computer be
    divided into two halves, each performing a different guidance function, and that the two be
    connected .via a low-frequency radio link inst.e ad of being "hard-wired" together. If Corso's
    proposed design had been adopted, it would have made our ICBMs vulnerable to being jammed
    by high-power radio signals.

            Corso claims [p. 127, 2681 that in May of 1974 the U.S. shot down "an alien craft over
    Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany, • using an anti-aircraft missile. "The craft was retrieved and
    flown back to Nellis Air Force base in Nevada." Corso offers no further details. Although such
    an act could be expected to trigger a hostile ET response, it was not until nine years later that
    President Reagan launched his Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI)- -whose major objective was
    to defend against UFO attack, not Soviet ICBM attack- -according to Corso. He claims [p. 273]
    that "we can knock these guys [ETs] down tomorrow with high-energy lasers [HELs] and directed
    particle-beam weapons .... These missile-launched .HELs ... are a direct result of President Reagan's
    courage in pushing for the Strategic Defense Initiative... .And that SDI was a direct result of the
    work General Trudeau and I did at Army R&D in 1962." [Emphasis added.] CONTRARY TO
    CORSO'S CLAIM, THE U.S. HAS NO MISSILE-LAUNCHED HIGH-ENERGY LASERS NOR
    ANY DIRECTED PARTICLE-BEAM WEAPONS.

    A LITTLE BIT PARANOID?

            The source of Corso's strong dislike for the CIA, which is quite evident from his book,
    is not known. Beyond his frequent claims that the CIA had been infiltrated by Soviet "moles"
    and that CIA officials knowingly cooperated · with the Soviet KGB, Corso claims that CIA
    agents monitored his movements during his .four-year assignment in the mid-1950s on the
    National Security Council, and did the same when he returned to the Pentagon C\uring the early
    1960s. He offers no possible reason for this (alleged) CIA monitoring. But on p!70 of his book,
    Corso briefly mentions his friendship with a Soviet KGB agent- -a strange relationship for an
    Army officer dealing with highly classified matters.

             Instead of reporting the (alleged) CIA "tailing" to Gen. Trudeau and requesting top level
    Pentagon intervention, Corso says he visited the CIA's director of covert operations- -Frank
    Wiesner, whom Corso characterized as "one of the best friends the KGB ever had." Corso says he
    threw a pistol on Wiesner's desk and said that unless CIA agents stopped tailing him "they'd find
    him [the agent] in the Potomac the next day with two bloody holes for eyes." (Corso says Wiesner
    subsequently committed suicide.) Corso claims ·one o(Wiesner's associates later explained that
    the tailing was "part of an elaborate recruitment process to get me into the CIA after I retired from ·
    the Army." Instead, Corso went to work on the staff of Sen. Strom Thurmond (R- SC).

            (At Corso's request, Thurmond agreed to write an introduction for Corso's new book,               1/
    which was tentatively titled "I Walk With Giants. • When his book was published last June,
    Thormond's office issued a harsh denunciation of the book and withdrew permission to nse
    Thurmond's foreward in subsequent printings. Thurmond said that in the original outline for
    the book's contents submitted by Corso, "there was absolutely no mention, suggestion, or indication
    that any of the chapters and subjects listed dealt with Unidentified Flying Objects and government
    conspiracies to cover-up the existence of such space vehicles.") [SUN #47 I Sept. 1997]
                                  •      f   I


            Despite the foregoing- -which cites but a few of many factual flaws in Corso's book- -Dr.
    Robert M. Wood, MUFON's director of research, strongly endorsed the book in his review
    published in the August 1997 issue of the MUFON UFO Journal. Wood's lengthy review
    concluded: "I predict this book will wind its way into the list of very important books on UFOs in
    the next few years. No U.S. history or UFO library should be without it, since it is the first to
    describe a very believable r;everse engineering process for alien parts." (Emphasis added.)


        ...

              '.
     Skeptics UFO Newsletter                        -6-

     Leading Japanese UFOiogist, Who Discovered More Evidence
                                                                                                 Jan. 1998   \
     That MJ-12 Document Was Typed By Bill Moore, Dies .

            Jun-Ichi Takanashi, director of the Japan UFO Science Socieiy and whose rigorous
    investigations often turned up prosaic explanations- -most recently for home-video camera shots
    of UFOs- -died on Oct. 18 at the age of 74. SUN's editor spent several · interesting hours with
    Takanashi in Osaka during our lecture trip to Japan last April. One of Takanashi's little-
    known contributions to UFOiogy was his eagle-eyed discovery of additional evidence that the
  { •Eisenhower Briefing Document• of the MJ -12 papers- -released in mid-1987 by William L.
 ( Moore, Stanton Friedman and Jaime Shandera- -had been typed by Moore himself.

             The very unusual format of dates used in the MJ -12 Eisenhower Briefing Document
     (EBD) was first brought to my attention by British UFOiogist Christoper Allan shortly after
     the documents were made public. While the traditional civil format, for example, is • June 24.
     1947, • the standard military format is "24 June 1947. • Because the day of the month is
     separated from the year, no comma is needed or used. But EVERY date that appeared in the
     EBD has an unsual hybrid combination of civil-military with a •superfluous comma•- -"24June,
     1947 .• Allan's letter prompted me to recall that this unusual civil-military date format was one
     I had seen in numerous letters from Moore which were retained in my files.

             Another unusual aspect of the format used in EBI> . which allegedly had been written
     in late 1952,was that a zero was used with every single-di~:•l date--•o7July, 1947.• My Exam-
     ination of numerous military aud CIA documents of the 19 Sus era revealed that it was not then
     the practice (as it is today) to precede a single- digit date .,., i lh a zero. Turning to my file of
     letters received from Moore, I discovered that he had started adding the zero before a single
     digit date in late 1983- -roughly a year before he claims that Shand era received the MJ -12
     papers oil a roll of undeveloped film. This "curious coincidence" was reported by me in late
     1987 in an article in Skeptical Inquirer, published by the Committee for' the Scientific
     Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (CSICOP). However, the article did not flatly accuse
     Moore of typing the document himself.

             If someone else had typed EBD and used Moore's unusual date format style in an effort
     to try to incriminate him, Moore could be expected to write and thank me for calling this to
     his attention. Moore did not. But he did promptly change the date format he used in his letters,
     eliminating the superfluous comma or at other times he used the traditional civil format.

     MOORE UNWITTINGLY PROVIDES MORE INCRIMINATING EVIDENCE
-)
             In 1983, Moore offered for sale a lengthy report rntitled "The Mystery of The Green
     Fireballs," containing declassified documents dealing with 1 h ~ many unusual fireballs reported
     in the southwest in the late 1940s. Because some docum ent s were poor-quality carbon copies,
     Moore retyped portions for improved legibility . Takanashi, who purchased a copy of the report
     and had read my Skeptical Inquirer article about EBD's unusual date format, noted that the
     same unusual date format appeared in several of the Moore-retyped documents. Takanashi was
     curious to know whether this unusual date format had been used in the originals.

             Takanashi wrote to Barry Greenwood, editor of the Just Cause UFO newsletter on May
     8, 1990, enclosing photocopies of the Moore- retyped documents. Greenwood painstakingly
     searched his microfilm copy o~allr of the USAF's Project Blue Book UFO files to finally locate
     the original documents. As Greenwood later reported in the June 1990 issue of his newletter:
     "In all (our cases where the documents were retyped. Moore had changed dates from the proper
     standard format to his own style by adding not only an extra comma to the dates but, in the case of
     the 9 February 1949 memo, a preceding zero before a single digit date where none had existed
     before!" [Emphasis added.] Takanashi will be sorely missed.
I   Skeptics UFO Newsletter                      -7-                                        Jan. 1998

    UFO Group Leader, Accused Of Plan To Kill Local Government Officials,
    Sent To Mental Institution After His Two Partners Plead Guilty

            John Ford, the 49-year-old founder of the Long Island (N.Y.) U).?O Network. (LIUFON),
    who in mid-1996 was charged with plotting to kill several local government officials because
    be believed they were covering up three crashed- saucer incidents on · Long Island, · bas been
    found to be •delusional• and bas been sent to a New Yoi-k. state psychiatric center. If/when
    Ford is judged competent to stand trial, be faces the prospect of a 25-75 year jail term. Two
    of Ford's partners in the plot to poison Suffolk county officials by inserting radium into their
    food and toothpaste earlier pleaded guilty to participating in the plan=. Joseph Mazzuchelli
    was sentenced to 3-9 years. Edward Zabo, a Defense Dept. employee who obtained the radium,
    is slated to be sentenced in early March [SUN #40/ July 1996]. The evidence included a tape
    recording of Ford and associates discussing their plan which was covertly recorded by a person
    who had been asked to participate but who instead gave the tape to law enforcement officials.

           Ford claimed that in 1989, the U.S. had forced down and recovered an ET craft near
    Moriches Bay, L.I., that in 1992 an alien craft had crashed in Southaven Park, and that a third
    had crashed later near the Pine Barrens area. He accused local government officials were
    collaborating with the federal government to cover up the incidents.

            In an article in the November 1996 issue of the MUFON UFO Journal, Ms. Elaine
    Douglas charged that Ford was the "first UFO investigator to be seriously persecuted by the
    authorities." (Douglas is MUFON's state director for the District of Columbia and co-director
    of •operation Right To Know." The latter, which periodically stages public demonstrations,
    describes itself as "the only UFO organization with guts." It has scheduled a march on the White
    House to "End UFO Secrecy" for July 5, 1999.) In her MUFON article, Douglas announced the
    formation of the John Ford Defense Committee and sought contributions. SUN ,J!agerly awaits
    the reactions of Douglas and MUFON to recent events.                              '

            Some of Ford's own comments, contained in a 102-page handwritten "Statement to the
    Media," were quoted in a lengthy feature article recently published in the Jan. 11 issue of The
    Washington Post. Ford claims he had been a CIA agent for the last 30 years, but was not paid
    so there would be no record of his employment in the agency's files. Further, that Mazzuchelli
    was an officer of Israel's Massad intelligence agency . Another Ford claim is that the AIDS and
    Ebola viruses were brought by ETs to kill off peoples of sub-Sahara Africa. In a letter to
    LIUFON vice president Steve Iavarone, Ford predicted that after a few months at the Mid-
    Hudson Psychiatric Center he would return and· that ali charges against him would be dropped .
    Ford concluded his letter with UFOlogy 's popular slogan: •THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE.... "

    Book By President's Friend Makes Dubious Claim About UFO Request

            The recent book by Webb Hubbell, long-time friend of President Bill Clinton, who
    recently emerged from jail after pleading guilty to bilking his Arkansas law clients out of
    $482,000 and resigning from his high post in the Justic Department, claims that when Clinton
    earlier named him Associate Attorney General he asked Hubbell to find out the truth about
    UFOs and the assassination of President Kennedy. Hubbell claims the President said he had
    "looked into both but wasn't satisfied with the answers [he] was getting. •
                                   . ~
                                         f '

            Hubbell's claim is very dubious. It may have been suggested by his publisher as a means
    of attracting media attention to an otherwise rather dull book. If there were an ultra-top-
    secret government UFO cover-up- -so covert that even the President could not be informed- -the
    Justice Dept. would have no need- to- know. If the President was really seeking "the truth "
    about UFOs, he should have given the task to Deputy Defense Secretary John Deutch when
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                -8-                                                   Jan. 1998

Clinton appointed him Director of Central Intelligence in 1995. Deutch was in the unique
position of having access both to Pentagon secrets and those of all U.S. intelligence agencies.

        If Hubbell's claim is trne, Roswell researcher Kent Jeffrey provided the President with
a great "window of opportunity" last July- -on the 50th anniversary of the •uFO era.• Jeffrey
delivered to the White House his International Roswell Initiative document, signed by more
than 20,000 persons. It called on the President to issne "an Executive Order declassifying any
information regarding UFOs or extraterrestrial intelligence." If Clinton · had done so he could have
resolved the UFO question as well as greatly boosted his popularity. BUT CLINTON DID NOT,
PERHAPS FEARFUL THAT HE WOULD BE ASSASSINATED BY AGENTS OF MJ-12.

SHORT SHRIFT:

•        Philip Corso And Son Sued By Hollywood Film Producer: A lawsnit filed in Los Angeles
Superior Court in November in behalf of producer Neil Rossell alleges that Philip Corso. Jr.
"demanded extraordinary amounts of money" from Russell for rights to produce a movie based on
his father's book, "The Day After Roswell," shortly before it was published by Simon & Schuster's
Pocket Books in June. Rossell claims he had acquired film rights to Corso's story in 1992.
Russell alleges that Corso's son "interfered with interviews. assaulted Russell and a Simon &
Schuster publicist. and threatened Russell's life- -all at the colonel's behest." according to an
article published in the Nov. 16 edition of the Los Angeles Times. The article said that Rossell
is seeking unspecified damages as well as a restraining order "preventing the Corsos from calling
or threatening Russell and his family." Recent SUN efforts to obtain an update on the situation
from attornies representing Russell and the Corsos were onsnccessful bot we'll keep trying.

*       Guess What Recently Landed Near The Brazel Ranch In New Mexico: Dick Rutan and
Dave Melton . - seeking to be the first to circumnavigate the globe in a high- flying balloon-- opted
to parachute down shortly after taking off from Albuquerque, N.M., wheiJ their balloon
developed a serious tear. Ironically, Rutan · and Melton landed not far from where rancher
Brazel discovered unusual debris some 50 years earlier that in spired the famous "Roswell
Incident." The Rutan/Melton balloon later touched down, knocking off some of its payload,
and then became airborne, finally crash -landing in some trees near Dallas, Tex. A similar thing
is believed to have occurred in 1947 when a Project Mogul train of 23 weather balloons and
several radar targets touched down on the Brazel ranch, with cactus tearing off one or two of
the radar targets and balloons. Balloonist Rutan suffered severe cactus wounds on his face .

*       "The Best UFO Video On The Planet": Several frames from a videotape, which seems
to show a giant saucer-shaped craft in broad daylight flying near and then disappearing behind
tall apartment buildings in Mexico City, were featured in the November issne of the MUFON ·
UFO Journal. Although Tom King, director of Arizona Skywatch, was quoted as characterizing
the video as the "Best UFO video on the planet," outgoing Journal editor Dennis Stacy included
words of caution. SUN predicts that the Mexico City UFO video will torn out to be a hoax,
created to show how easily such videotapes can be produced with today's PCs and software.
The Mexico City video may have been inspired by a Fox TV network show entitled "UFOs- -The
Best Evidence Ever (Caught on Tape)," broadcast nine days earlier. It was produced by Robert
Kiviat, who achieved UFO- fame with his • Alien Autopsy• TV show in 1995. His most recent
show carried a curious disclaimer: "The following program is based on speculation and conjecture.
Viewers should explore all sources of information before reaching their own conclusions."
-----------------------------r~-----------------------------------------------------------
NOTE: Opinions expressed in SUN are those of its editor--unless otherwise noted--and do NOT necessarily represent the
views of any organization with which be is affiliated- -or his spouse. We thank Dr. Gary Posner for help in proofreading

SKEPTICS UFO NEWSLETTER (SUN) IS PUBLISHED BIMONTHLY. SUBSCRIPTION
RATE (SIX ISSUES) IS $15/YEAR FOR U.S./CANADA. OVERSEAS RATE (AIRMAIL) IS
$20/YEAR. (PLEASE MAKE CHECK/MONEY ORDER PAYABLE TO PHILIP J. KLASS.)
