{"created_utc": "2026-09-22T05:56:58Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 558844, "source_ctime_ns": 1788562528117708696, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-63-May-2000-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788562528101974252, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-63-May-2000-.pdf", "source_sha256": "fbd79c71b451b56f94962002eed7729c6944e89fbb0c086ccd8b5947d956c19a"}

S   KEPTICS
    By Philip J. Klass
                         UFO             NEWSLElTER
                                         404 'W" St. SW. Washington DC 20024
                                                                                          SUN #63

                                                                                          May 2000

                                                                                          Copyright 2000


    Robert/Ryan Wood Split With Joe Firmage Over MJ-12 Documents

            Less than a year after Silicon Valley multi-millionaire Joe Firmage revealed his belief
    that at least some UFOs are extraterrestrial visitors, citing as evidence a recent batch of MJ -12
    (purportedly) Top Secret documents obtained from Tim Cooper (whose authenticity had been
    strongly endorsed by Dr. Robert Wood and son Ryan), Firmage has •parted company• with the
    Woods over the MJ -12 documents [SUN #58/Mar. 1999].
                                                    '
            The first indication of a possible ~chism came late last year when the Website of the
    International Space Sciences Organization, created by Firmage to pursue his UFO interests,
    carried a commentary by Firmage which was followed by an ISSO assessment of the MJ -12
    documents [SUN #61/ Jan. 2000]. Highlight of the ISSO assessment: •ongoing research indicates
    that many. possibly all. the so-called MJ -12 UFO documents were officially fabricated as
    instruments of U.S. covert psychological warfare.... Intriguing questions arise from the realization
    that the so-called MJ -12 documents, both the earlier and the later ones, were or well may have been
    contrived to mislead foreign, inimical (usually Communist or once-Communist) governments. For
    instance, were some or all UFO crash recoveries staged for the same purpose, augmented by
    subsequent foisting of clever but deceptive, official-appearing documents to persuade adversaries
    that the U.S. and its allies might enjoy certain unique advantages gotten from recovering and
    studying crashed UFOs?" (Emphasis added.)

     Ryan Wood Sharply Challenges ISSO's View That MJ-12 Documents
     Were ·Created As Disinformation By U.S. Government Specialists

            In mid-March, ISSO's conclusion was sharply challenged in a paper authored by Ryan
     Wood which was posted on several Websites, including the Majestic Documents Website operated
     by the Woods. Early in Wood's challenge he stated: •Jf we are intellectually honest, we cannot
     discard the possibility that the documents are genuine [i.e., not intended as disinformation for
     psychological warfare]... even with their misspelling.';, c~trrently 11nresolved 'anachronisms' c:nd
     occasional errors. To date there is not a single anachronism or other error that has been raised and
     then thoroughly researched that clearly shows the documents to be false. An error may be
     misleading or it may be incomplete, but the examples are not lRJtside the scope of reasonable error
     in human bureaucracies. (Emphasis added.)

              •How do these documents serve a valid, officially authorized Cold War purpose, assuming
     they were US -produced [as disinformation]?.... Wou/d they mask some terrestrial but overwhelming
     American super-technology? This would stimulate greater espionage to acquire it, clearly
     undesirable. Or do the document.r c!reate a 'firebreak' against learning an even deeper secret?.•. Is
     the current Majestic discussion of crashed extraterrestrial discs and technology a smokescreen for
     live ETs and fully functional lines of communication and technology transfer?... Is it credible that
     a crack Psy-War disinformation team ... would try to hide some super-secret, or divert the enemy's
     attention by taking an existing highly secure project (MJ-12), use its actual name. subject
     matter...then change presumably key details .... One of the most highly protected super secrets of our
     time was intentionally revealed.... [This] would draw attention to the general nature of the UFO and
     ET matter... and would certainly prompt more intensive and sophisticated targeting -by foreign
     intelljgence assets, • according to , Wood. (Emphasis added.)
         ~
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                        -2-                                           May2000

        Ryan Wood's statement claims •The ISSO paper, titled 'Deceptive UFO Documents' provides
no detailed evidence of deception in the Majestic documents. Take this statement for example,
'Ongoing research indicates that many, possibly all, of the so-called MJ -12 UFO documents were
officially fabricated as instruments of U.S. covert psychological warfare•. .' Jnaose research? Jnaat
specifics are being alluded to? Without clear answers, this statement is simply argument-by-assertion
by an unknown author. • (Emphasis added.)

WHO IS •uNKNOWN AUTHOR• OF ISSO's'
                              I
                                   MJ-12 DOCUMENTS ASSESSMENT

        SUN's curiosity was aroused by Wood's use of the term •unknown author• of the ISSO
assessment. On Mar. 18., we sent the ·following e-mail query to Robert Wood: •Jnaen you/ Ryan
refer to the 'unknown author' of the earlier ISSO posting, do you mean that the author's identity is
unknown to ISSO officials or that they decline to provide you with the author's identity. • Wood
promptly replied: •The author of the paper is unidentified and not stated, although the foreword is
from [written by] Joe Firmage. I'm sure Joe knows who wrote the balance of the paper. •

        Wood's response indicates either that his curTent relations with Firmage discouraged him
from asking Firmage for the author's identification, or that Wood asked but Firmage refused.
SUN suspects that the ISSO assessment posted on its Website was authored by Creon Levit who
is ISSO's director of science research. In any event, the •unknown author• updated ISSO's
original assessment on Mar. 25 in response to Ryan Wood's critical comments.

ISSO .Responds To Wood's MJ-12 Challenge

      A comparison of the original ISSO assessment with the updated version reveals that
ISSO was not convinced by Ryan Wood's logic:

•     Original: •ongoing res~arch indicates that many, possibly all, of the so-called MJ -12 UFO
documents were officially fabricated as instruments of U.S. covert psychological warfare... •
(Emphasis added.)

•       Updated: •once it becomes even more obvious that all of the so-called MJ-12 documents
were officially fabricated as instruments of U.S. covert psychological warfare•••. Intriguing questions
stem from a realization that the_ ,MJ -12 documents, both th~ earlier ones and the later ones, were or
may have been contrived to mislead foreign .... (Emphasis added.)

       IS SO and the Woods agree that the MJ -12 documents were prepared by U.S. Government
offida!5/ernp~_vces.  B~Jtb a\dversarie8 enioy .. considerable latitude Ia deyising explanations for .... __
factual •anomalies• and erTors found in the Majestic documents. ISSO's explanation: inten-
tional disinformation to deceive potential enemies. The Woods' explanation: unintentional
human errors by the writer or typist. (For example, in one of Tim Cooper's Majestic documents,
which purports to have been authored by Albert Einstein and Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer, the
word •celestial• is repeatedly misspelled as •celestrial. •)

        ISSO dismisses any possibility that the MJ -12 papers could have been created by anyone
other than government Psy-War specialists. According to ISSO, •The MJ-12 documents are
professionally, artfully crafted, 1ooll'enough to fool informed, perceptive analysts. In that quality,
the documents are not the work of amateurs or casual hoaxers.•..Amateur fakers do not have the
means and knowledge to fabricate documents as convincing as are most of the MJ -12 documents. •
(Emphasis added.) ISSO does not identify which of the Majestic documents it believes are
•unconvincing• or offer a possible explanation. But presumably these documents were prepared
by incompetent U.S. governm~nt Psy~War specialists! Robert Wood claims these factual
discrepancies "tend to indicate authentidty....Hoaxers generally try to make sure they are perfect•
[SUN #55/ Jan. 1999]. _Wood's explanation implies that government specialists who prepare
disiqformation documents to fool enemy intelligence experts are not similarly motivated.

          '.
                                                                                                       ---
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                       -3-                                         May2000


Cooper (Unwittingly) Shows His Disinformation Skills On Internet

        Tim Cooper recently demonstrated his aptitnde for inserting UFO/MJ -12 disinformation
in his recent Internet posting on the career of Allen W. Dulles, Director of Central Intelligence
from early 1953 until late 1961. Cooper acknowledges his Information on Dulles's long career
in intelligence is drawn from several boob and (purportedly) from •other sources.• After
mentioning •speculation• that CIA was involved in President Kennedy's assassination in Dallas,
Cooper claims that •Dulles had a secret running dispute with Kennedy over disclosure of classified
UFO intelligence collected by the CIA and Kennedy threatened to make such disclosure at
Dallas....Lately his [Dulles] name has been associated with a secret intelligence cabal known as MJ-
12 who (sic) has steered UFO policy and deception for over 50 years ....He did acknowledge that
UFOs were top secret and he did authorize the Domestic Collection Division to interview UFO
witnesses and assumed the responsibility from his predecessor, Gen. Walter B. Smith, as DCI to
coordinate all UFO intelligence within the U.S. intelligence community. •

        All of these •uFO links• are Cooper-invented disinfoni.ation intended to help •authenti-
cate• some of his Maiestic documents. One of these. purports to be a brief Kennedy memo to the
Director of Central Intelligence, dated June 28,1961, requesting a brief summary-review on the
subjec' of •MJ -12 Intelligence Operations as they relate to Cold War Psychological Plans. • Another
from Kennedy to DCI, dated Nov. 12, 1963- -shortly before the President's assassination- -deals
with •classification review of all UFO intelligence files affecting National Security. • Cooper's
suggestion that the CIA might have been involved In Kennedy's death gives credence to another
of Cooper's documents which purports to be a one-page memo from the CIA's director of
counter-intelligence, James J.' Angleton. This memo indicates that movie star Marilyn Monroe
had learned of crashed-saocer/ET-body recoveries and U.S. plans to kill Cuba's Fidel Castro
from President Kennedy and was threatening to reveal same. The memo was dated Aug.. 3,1962,
the day before Monroe was found dead- -doe to an overdose of sleeping pills, according to the
official autopsy. Bot the (purported) Angleton memo suggests the possibility that Marilyn
Monroe was killed by the CIA to silence her disclosure of UFO secrets.

 Authentic CIA Documents Reveal Agency's True UFO Involvement

        Once-Secret CIA documents released in late 1960s and early 1970s, In response to a
Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA) request, reveal that in late 1952 the Agency considered .
seeking approval to launch its own UFO investigation. But CIA Director Gen. Smith decided
in early 1953 not to do so, largely as a result of the Robertson Panel_'s assessment that there was
no credible evidence that any UFOs were ET     or tommlinfst                             monltorlng"
                                                               (.+iitt> Ifespo'ns'ibmff-J~r
the UFO situation was then assigned to CIA's Physics & Electronics (P&E) Div. On Aug. 8,
1955- -more than two years after Dulles had become CIA director- -the head of the P&E Div.
wrote a memo to his boss which said,        :11•  view of the fact that no positive intelligence of
significance has been produced under the subject [UFO] project, it is recommended that the project
be terminated and the files thereof be placed in dead storage. • Another of the CIA documents is
an internal memo dated Jnly 29, 1910, from the Deputy Director for Scientific Intelligence to
the Deputy Director for Science & Technology, which provides a more recent statement on the
Agency's UFO activities: •A reyiew ·Of the files on the last two decades shows the following. The
only formal CIA involvement in a UFO investigation was in the one conducted by the Robertson Panel
in 1953.... This was the high point in CIA involvement in the UFO matter. • (Emphasis added.)


      ISSO AND THE WOODS HAVE SO FAR NOT COMMENTED PUBLICLY ON THE
 HARD EVIDENCE THAT THE TYPEWRITER USED TO CREATE ONE OF COOPER'S
 MAJESTIC DOCUMENTS--ALLEGEDLY IN 1952--HAS AN IDENTICAL MECHANICAL
 FLAW AS THE TYPEWRITER COOPER USED TO WRITE TWO LETTERS TO BRITISH
 UFOLOGIST TIMOTHY GOOD ON OCT. 7 AND OCT. 14, 1991 [SUN #60/Nov. 1999].
         '.
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                            -4-                                              May2000        \
New Roswell Witness Claims .He Saw Crashed Craft And ETs

        Roswell researchers Tom Caret ud Don Schmitt are favorably Impressed with a
recently discovered 83 -year- old mu, now living in El Paso, Tn., who claims to have stumbled
npon the crashed UFO on Jnly 3, 1947, with two live ETa ud one dead one. Carey ud Schmitt
visited El Paso on Mar. 10 to Interview •Tex: following u earlier telephone lntenlew by Carey.
Michael Lindemann, whose CNI News biweekly Internet journal featured the story on April 1,
asked Carey whether be bad been able to verify Tex's involvement at Roswell AFB. Carey
replied: •we have been able to verify that the activities that he claimed that he was engaged in,
[which] placed him at the crash scene at the time of the incident, actually took place. •

        According to Carey, in mid-1947 Tex was an electrical technician with a high security
clearance assigned to an air base in Texas where be was working on a drone-type of jet
aircraft. One of the drones; (a'Iiegedly) launched on July 3, 1947, was tracked by a radar at the
base until it ran out of fuel or malfunctioned, at which time it automatically parachuted to
earth. Tex says that be and several non-commissioned officers (NCOs) were sent to recover the
drone. •This is what they were engaged in when they came upon the crashed alien craft and crew, •
according to Carey.
        I


         When SUN sent an e-mail request to Carey to identify the air base from which the jet-
aircraft drone was launched, be refused to provide same. Carey explained: •Jf we give you
something which you then check and it turns out to be correct... the world will never hear about it.
More likely. however, is that you will find out that Tex. after 50 years ...has left an 'i' undotted or a
't' uncrossed and you will then ... declare to the world that his entire testimony is fraudulent. • Carey
added: •we have more confidence in Tex's honesty than yours. •

         As Tex and the NCOs approached the crash site, they reported seeing pieces of •silvery-
like metal on the ground. It was light and very hard. On one of the pieces Tex noticed strange
symbols like hieroglyphics, • according to Carey. Tex said that the craft •was teardrop-shaped
with stubby curved-back wings .... It was small, about 20 feet long by about 12-14 feet wide. In the
canopy were two 'beings.' One was slumped•over but still alive, and the other was standing up in the
canopy looking at us as we approached. There was a third one, dead, which was curled up on its side
at the base of a small hill that the craft had hit..,./ did not get a close look at them, iu I was about
15 feet from them. One of the NCOs in my group had gone ahead...and shouted back 'to us, 'They're
aliens,' and we knew he wasn't talking about Mexicans. They were small with grayish- greenish skin,
large heads, small noses and ears ....had about 11 one-two.inch -slit for...D....IIJOillh-Ihe..J!..yu were_dark.
not black, and slanted but not like those big black eyes that you see on book covers and in pictures.

        •we left shortly after the recovery [by a team from Roswell AAF] began. I noticed that the
two 'beings' that were still alive were also placed in body-bags, as was the one dead one... .After
returning to base, we were told not to talk about what we had seen and made to sign a non-disclosure
form of some sort. By my calculation, the non-disclosure agreement ran out a few years ago. That's
why I am talking now. •

A CURIOUS COINCIDENCE? ,.                r·

        Tex's description of the craft and the ETs' appearance Is remarkably similar to that
offered several years ago by Frank Kaufmann. In 1947. Kaufmann was a civil-service employee
at RAAF but claims that he was a member of a top-level RAAF UFO recovery team. Based on
Kaufmann's descriptions, Schmitt made sketches of the (alleged) craft and ETs. which were
published In 1994 In the book "The Truth About the UFO Crash at Roswell," co-authored by
Schmitt and Kevin D. Randle.        Schmitt's sketches also are displayed at the Roswell
International UFO Museum whfcb Tex visited some months ago. During this visit Tex first
disclosed his involvement to Mosenm officials who then informed Carey and Schmitt.
I   Skeptics UFO Newsletter

    Carey. Schmitt Ignore. Raws In Tex's Tale
                                                     -S-                                            May 2000


            Perhaps it is because Carey aud Schmitt hope to publish a book on the Roswell Iucident,
    which features their •new witnesses, • that they opt to ignore flagrant flaws in Te:s:'s tale. For
    example, his claim that he lllld his NCO compiUlions- -sent to recover a drone-aircraft lannched
    on Job 3, 1947, from a base in Te:s:as--chiUlced to discover the crashed ET craft more thllll 40
    miles north of Roswell shortly before a Roswell Army Air Field recovery team aurlved at the
    site. Althongh Carey's accoiuii does 'not provide the daie for this (alleged) event, presumably
    it ocCDJTed within a day or two of the drone being launched, I.e., no later thllll July 5. II true,
    this would mean that by July 5, top level RAAF officials would have known that an unusual
    craft with non-human-looking crew had been recovered. Certainly top level Air Force officials
    in Washington and Brig. Gen. Roger Ramey at 8th AAF Headquarters in Fort Worth would have
    been informed and they would promptly have fiowu to RAAF to view the remarkable discovery.
    There would have been no need on July 8 for MaJ. Jesse Marcel to fiy the Brazel ranch debris
    to FWAAF to be inspected by Ramey. In all probability, Ramey would already have been at
    RAAF, to examine the rec~vered craft and its ET oc~upant~.

             Tex's claim that he was involved in the flight tests of a "drone-type of jet aircraft"
    conducted from a base in Texas also is suspect. Although the U.S. developed and used small
    remotely piloted propeller-type drone-aircraft during World War II, the first Jet-engine-powered
    drone, , Firebee I, was developed by Ryan Aeronautical in San Diego. Firebee I flight tests did
    not begin until 1951--fouryears after Te:s:'s alleged flight test.


    Illinois Case Shows Variability Of Celestial-Body Type UFO Reports

            The great variation in witness descriptions of •ugbts · in the night sky• type UFOs
    generated by bright stars and planets, as reported by Allan Hendry in his •uFO Handbook: is
    evident in a more detailed analysis of the UFO reports by several geographically separated
    witnesses in west-central Illinois in the pre-dawn hours of Jllll. 5. Hendry's observations were
    based on his investigation of 1,024 "nocturnal lights" type UFO reports during his tenure as
    director of the Hynek Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS). More than 35% of these UFOs turned
    out to be bright planets or stars [SUN #62/March 2000].

              Whereas the National Institute for Discovery Science (NIDS), which sent two Investi-
    gators to Illinois to interview the multiple witnesses, largely ignores the significllllt differences
    ill witness descriptions of the •uFo• ill the NIDS incident summary, tills nriabillty attracted
    the attention of David . B. Marler, MUFON's- IIIinois State Director, wtict laYestigated ~the'       case:
    Marlers initial report appears in the MUFON UFO Journal's March iSSDe. In the concluding
    part of Marler's report be noted •the obvious differences in the descriptions given by the
    witnesses.... the largest difference being the description provided by [Melvern] Noll [Witness #1] as
    compared to the police officers. Noll describes 11 large rectangular-shaped object. Less than 15
    minutes later Officer [Ed] Barton [Witness #2] reports seeing an elongated triangle. The other
    officers reported seeing objects that are roughly triangular.... Wealsohave radical differences in the
    lighting configuration. • [SUN Comment: For example, Witness #1/Noll reported •a lot of red
    lights .... Big red light bulbs shining ffJWn. • Witness #2/Barton: •Two gigantic lights ... white light. •
    Witness #3/0fficer David Martin: •Three huge white lights. • Officer Craig Stevens [Witness #4]
    took. a photo of the UFO with a Polaroid camera. His photo shows five bright white lights.]

            Marler offered several possible explanations for these dilfereaces, including the
    following: "One of the major problem·s relating to this is the issue of perspective.... Some witnesses
    were stationary, while oth~rs were driving at the time of their sighting. In particular, Officer
    Barton's descriptions vary as he views the object from different [perceived] distances and angles.
    To compound matters, th.e object was moving at various speeds and directions in relation to the
    obs.nvers. • [SUN Comment: Seemed to be moving ...]

            '.
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                         -6-                                           May 2000
                                                                                                            \
Georgia Law- Enforcement Officers Mistake Venus For UFO

         It was at 4:36 a.m. (EDT) on Oct. 20, 1967, that a police lientenant In Milledgerille, Ga.,
while on patrol duty, spotted low on the horizon what he first thought was a new streetlight.
But then it appeared to move away and seemed to change Into a "bright red, football-shaped
light. • He, accompanied by another officer, pursued the strange object Into the country for
about eight miles, until they lost sight of the "UFO, • prompting them to head back to town. But
as they neared Milledgeville the second officer chanced to look back and discovered that the
UFO had reappeared and seemed to be following them. The UFO's Illumination was so bright
that the officers said that they could read the hands of their watches Inside their car. When
they decided to stop and get out of their car to have a better look at the UFO, the object
appeared to "veer away and disappear behind some trees. • The two officers returned to police
headquarters and picked up a third officer. By this time, they noted, the UFO "had started
climbing. • The three men watched for about 30 minutes as the UFO changed color from bright
red to orange and then to white.

        Meanwhile, the Milledgeville dispatcher had alerted the police in nearby towns and soon
they called back to say that they too .bad spotted the UFO. Within several days, thanks to local
media coverage, a "mini UFO- flap" had developed in central Georgia. Because the Georgia
police reported that the UFO was returning on subsequent nights, the University of Colorado
(then conducting its UFO study) dispatched two scientists to Milledgeville to investigate. Their
conclusion: the UFO was the very bright planet Venus, with a quite bright Jupiter accounting
for some reports of a second UFO. (A summary of the University of Colorado investigation,
Case #37, can be found on pages 368-375 of the "Condon/Colorado Rep~rt.•

         Dr. J. Allen Hynek offered the following comment on the University of Colorado's
findings in his book "The UFO Experience": "This case should be read by all UFO investigators.
It is a fantastic example of how persUIUive the planet Venus can be as 11 UFO. Police officers in
11 counties were 'taken in' by this planet."

        Veteran UFO researcher Richard Hall expressed resenatioas about the Jan. 5 Illinois
UFO incident in his regular column, "Perspective,• in the April Issue of the MUFON UFO
Journal and complimented Marler on his report. Hall, noting that a very bright planet Venus
was rising to the southeast around 4:30 a.m., commented: "Jf1aat does that tell us about the likely
explanation for Lebanon officer's sighting of •a very bright white light east of town'... ? A very
common occurrence is for people other than an original witness to hear about 11 sighting in progress,
look up at the sky and see a brilliant Venus (or =orne other light ·aource-01' stimulus) and assume that
is what the witnesses are talking about.... The witnesses' guestimates of altitude are almost worthless."

 Which Illinois UFO Reports Were .Triggered By Venus Is Uncertain

        Becanse the Jan. S Illinois UFO incident was triggered by Witness #l's initial report of
a "bright star very low• on the horizon, and because a very bright Venus was about to rise, SUN
#62 suggested that the planet might explain Noll's "UFO.• The Highland, 01., police log
indicates that Noll visited the station to report his UFO sighting around 04:10 (CST) whea
Venus wonld be 2.4 deg. below,. th~ · horizon for an obsener In that locatioa. Very bright
celestial objects up to several degrees below the horizon may be visible depending on the
magnitude of the atmospheric refraction at the time. Venus was then at an azimuth of
approximately 112 deg.--SOUTREAST of Highland. But Noll reported that when he nrst
spotted the UFO it was in the NORTHEAST. moving slowb to the SOUTHWEST. IF Noll's
directions are correct, this would rule out V enos as a possible uplanation for his UFO. (The
Colorado report on its Georgia investigation noted that police from one town reported that the
UFO was traveling south, while police from two other towns reported the UFO was traveling
east, ~d police reports from tw~ other towns said the UFO was traveling nn.)
      ...
       Skeptics UFO Newsletter                            -7-                                            May 2000


       NIDS Conclusion: One Triangular Craft, Nearly Nine-Hour Flight

               Because NIDS investigators assume that all the UFO reports were triggered by the~
       object, NIDS concludes that •the eyewitness testimony suggests that the total [UFO] flight time of
       the object was just under nine hours. • This includes a report from a man who said he had sighted
       a giant craft around 10:30 on the previous night (Jan. 4) north or Chicago's O'Hare airport.
       Because he reported that the UFO was beaded southwest, NIDS assumed that this was the same
       UFO reported more than five hours later in west- central Illinois. NIDS also concludes that a
       bright-light type UFO ·in the southwest sky, reported by another witness near Dupo, Ill., who
       was driving to work around 6:50 a.m., was the same object reportedly seen nearly nine hours
       earlier near Chicago, roughly 300 miles to the north. More likely. the Dupo UFO was Venus.

                    So far as is known, NIDS investigators have not attempted to correlate the reported
           UFO bearing angle and direction of movement reported by the six primary witnesses (Noll and
.. - - - --the l'iVe -police officers) to" trf-io aeferminelrth-ey ·were viewing "lb--e--nmrubtm~· :-Durtng---ttre- .
           coming weeks, SUN hopes to conduct such a correlation analysis to better assess if there were
           multiple trigger-mechanisms. Interestingly, none of the officers who reported seeing the bright
           lights of the UFO in the night sky reported seeing a very bright planet Venus which would have
           been vlsible to some of them low in the sky to the southeast.

        CAUS Loses FOIA Lawsuit But Gains Much Publicity

               Nearly two years ago, on July 23, 1998, attorney Peter Gersten, who heads Citizens
        Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS), filed a Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA) request with the
        Defense Department to obtain all of its documents pertaining to •unidentifiable and unique aerial
        objects... described by eyewitnesses as either delta, boomerang, triangular or V-shaped; ranging in
        size from a house to a football field; moving very slowly or apparently fiOIIIing; little or no sound;
        and with many lights including, on occasion, 11 red trailing light. • Gerstea Included 33 affidavits
        from persons who claimed to have seen such craft. The Defense Dept. responded on Aug. 17,
        1998, suggesting that CAUS direct its FOIA query to the U.S. Air Force and to the National
        Archives & Records Administration (NARA). Gersten responded on Aug. 26, asking that the
        Defense Dept. forward the FOIA request •to the proper parties. •

                Following a similar fruitless exchange, Gersten responded on Jan. 22, 1999, charging
        that the Defense Department had failed to conduct a •reasonable• search for the requested
        records, as required by FOIA. The Defense- Dept: responMa on JiiWl."il·, Clescribliigtlie search
        procedures used and requesting the U.S. District Court In Arizona to Issue a Summary
        Judgement rejecting CAUS's charges. Last Feb. 7, Chief Federal District Judge Stephen M.
        McNamee heard opposing arguments, including a lengthy presentation by Gersten. On Feb. 16,
        Judge MeN amee ruled in favor of CA US and ordered the Defense Dept. to provide •supplemental
        affidavits setting forth the specific search terms used... [and) 11 reasonable description of the
        electronic mail message used in performing the records query of DARPA (Defense Advanced
        Research Projects Agency)." Not surprisingly. Gersten praised Judge McNamee's ruling.
                                          ...   f .
                But when the Defense Dept. provided affidavits on March 17 which detailed its records
        search and which bad used many of the same UFO descriptions contained In the original CAUS
        request, Judge McNamee granted the Defense Dept. request for a Summary Judgement in Its
        favor on Mar. 30. Judge McNamee's formal decision concluded: •This case is rwt one over the
        existence or non-existence of UFOs, but whether the government has conduct 11 reasonable
        search .... Defendant [Defense Dept.] has met its burden by providing sufficiently detailed affidavits
        for the Court to conclude that a reasonable search was conducted in responding to the Plaintiff's
        FOIA request for documents. Plaintiff [CA US) has failed to demonstrate substantial doubt
        regtirding the reasonableness of ~he search. •
                '.
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                               -8-                                                May 2000

GERSTEN SEEKS SlOoOOO TO APPEAL McNAMEE's DECISION

        After the Court's final (March 30) decision, Gersten announced that be would appeal
McNamee's ruling if CAUS was able to raise $10,000 in contributions by May 31 to fiuance such
action. Gersten's subsequent complaint on CAUS's Website about the paucity of contributions
prompted a reader to question why $10,000 was needed, assuming that Gersten provided his
legal services •pro bono: i.e., without charge. Gersten responded: •1 nua CA.US seven days a
week and at least 10 hours a day ...pro bono. I send out daily CA. US e-mails•.•pro bono. I post three
articles a day on the CA. US Website ...pro bono. But I refuse to do Appeals pro bono..• •

         Immediately after the Feb. 7 bearing in Pboeub:, where Judge McNamee allowed Gersten
to make a 20-minute impassioned oral argument, Gersten was iuterriewed by the local media.
In one interview, Gersten said: •Part of this lawsuit is to get information. And the other part is to
br,ing attention to our contact with this other [ET] intelligence. •

SHORT SHRIFT::

•       Firmage issues new •Position Paper•:      A lengthy · treatise by Silicon Valley multi-
millionaire Joe Firmage, recently distributed via the Internet, suggests that his focus may have
shifted from UFOs to trying to eliminate all nuclear weapons and generating greater public
concern over the earth's ecology. The only brief mention of UFOs in Firmage's 6,000-word
treatise is his praise of the four-part TV show •uFOs: Then and Now?• recently broadcast on
The History Channel. Firm age said this TV show (and · another on The Learning Channel)
•provided probing examinations .of parts of the long-ignored evidence for genuinely unidentifiable
aerospatial phenomena in our midst. • (The TV show included ancient cave-dweller art that is
faintly suggestive of flying saucers, which seemingly confirms Firmage's view that ET visits
date back thousands of years.) Firmage made no mention of the Robert/Ryan Wood MaJestic
Documents which were featured in Firmage's earlier •The Truth• (SUN #56/March 1999].

•       FBI files reveal Corso bad poor credibility:       Recently released Federal Bureau of
Investigation files on the late Philip J. Corso, whose popular book •The Day After Roswell•
made wild claims about his role as au Army intelligence specialist In the .(alleged) Roswell
crashed-saucer incident (SUN #47/Sept. 1997], reveal that Corso was held in ven low regard
by the FBI on non- UFO issues. (A candid summary of the FBI files on Corso was recently
published by pro- UFOiogist Larry W. Bryant on his Website. Bryant made his FOIA request
to the FBI shortly after Corso's death in mid-1998.) The FBI files reveal that Corso admitted
he had created a letter which falsely accused the FBI of eavesdropping on telephone calls made
from Sen. Strom Tourmooci's office, where Corso was then empioyed. Corso claimed that he
had created the letter only as a •joke • A 1965 memo to FBI director J. Edgar Hoover from an
agency official stated: "As previously indicated in [the] referenced memorandum, Corso is a self-
styled intelligence expert who retired from the military approximately three years ago, and he has
been working as one of Sen. Thurmond's ,mimy assistants. He has been a thorn in our side becawe
of self-initiated rumors, idle gossip and downright lies he has spread to more or less perpetuate his
own reputation as an intelligence expert. • Corso's book confirms the FBI's assessment.

•      Stan Friedman also debunkp, some Corso claims: In a sworn statement for use by Peter
Gersten to support CAUS's claftns, Corso said one of his Army assignments was with the Nat-
ional Security Council during the Eisenhower Administration and that be attended NSC
meetings. When Friedman checked the Eisenhower Library, be was told these claims were false.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------·
NOTE: Opinions expressed in SUN are those of its editor--unlessothenvise noted--and do NOT neceuarily repraent the
vicwa; or any organizations with which he is afrtliated. We deeply thank DR. GARY POSNER for his help in proofreading.

----------------------~------------------------------------------------------------------·
SKEPTICS UFO NEWSLETTER (SUN) IS PUBLISHED BIMONTHLY. SUBSCRIPTION
RAT~ (SIX ISSUES) IS $15/YEAR FOR U.S./CANADA. OVERSEAS RATE (AIRMAIL) IS
$20!'YEAR. (Please make check/money order payable to PHILIP J. KLASS.)
