{"created_utc": "2026-09-14T01:08:26Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 327127, "source_ctime_ns": 1788569855633976964, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-04-July-1990-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788569855622124495, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-04-July-1990-.pdf", "source_sha256": "7becf42adce83a2872389f80ee8133b27c56253d47486acf6c3148fb43b75926"}

S KEPTICS
          By Philip J. Klass
                               UFO NEWSLETTER
                                    4().1 'W" Sl SW Washtnglon fX 2CKJ24
                                                                           JULY 1990
                                                                           SUN H4
                                                                           COPYRIGHT 1990


       ED WALTERS, of Gulf Breeze, Fla., CHARGES THAT SMALL UFO-MODEL
       FOUND IN HIS FORMER HOME BY ITS NEW OWNER WAS MADE BY "DEBUNKERS"
       WHO PLANTED IT TO "DISC EDIT THE UFO PHENOMENON." Walters'
        ebunker l1st includes Dr . . illy Smith, Zan Overall and Bob Boyd-
       -all longtime pro-UFOlogists who call the Walters UFO photos a
       hoax but who are still "UFO-believers." Plus me, naturally.

            If the small UFO model was built by a "debunker,"     he/she
       stupidly planted it where it would never · have been found if the
       man who bought Ed's former residence had not decided to modify
       its cooling system.    This required him to trace plumbing in the
       cramped attic over the garage where he found the small model UFO
       hidden under some insulation.
            The small model was constructed from plastic picnic plates
       and drafting paper which Walters (a building contractor) had used
       to prepare a house plan. How did this Walters house plan find its
       way into the UFO-model?   Ed explained that the "debunkers" had
       stolen it from his garbage. More importantly, Walters claimed he
       had "sworn statements" to prove the house plan used in the UFO
       model had not been prepared until Sept. 6/7, 1989--nearly two
       years AFTER his first UFO photos were taken. If ~s claim were
       true, it would implicate others.

            However, recent investigation by Gulf Breeze city officials,
       including Mayor Ed Gray and police chief Jerry Brown--both of
       whom have publicly denounced Walters UFO claims as a hoax--
       reveals that Walters made the house plan IN THE SPRING OF 1987--
       AT LEAST SIX MONTHS BEFORE HE TOOK HIS FIRST UFO PHOTOS--AND NOT
       TWO YEARS AFTERWARDS, AS WALTERS CLAIMS.     MAYOR GRAY R 'ENTLY
       INFORMED MUFON OF THESE FINDINGS WHICH HAVE NOT YET BE       MADE
       PUBLIC IN THE NEWS MEDIA. So far, no public response from MUFON.
            Public disclosure of the small UFO model's discovery came in
       the Pensacola News Journal on June 10--less than a month before
       MUFON's 1990 convention in Pensacola.       This proved a mixed
       blessing for MUFON and Walt Andrus, its international director,
       who earlier called the Walters' case "one of the most important
       UFO cases in the past 40 years."          Ed Walters and his wife
       Frances, and UFO-abductionist Budd Hopkins who has strongly
       endorsed the Walters's case--were scheduled to be (and were) the
       featured speakers at MUFON's Saturday nite        session.    Not
       surprisingly, there was a large turnout of print and TV media
       coverage for the MUFON conference as well as about 700 attendees.
            However· , . ~ ah'other "shoe dropped" , on June 17, when the
       Pensacola News Journal carried a feature story based on testimony
       by Tom Smith, Jr., son of a Gulf Breeze lawyer. Young Smith said
       he had participated with Ed in making hoax UFO photos.

                                                                           --Over-:-

,,·'
                                   -2-


      Young Smith said Ed asked him to take these 35 mm. hoax UFO
 photos to the Gulf Breeze Sentinel newspaper and to claim that he
 (Tom, Jr.) had taken the ictures. The oun        man's father had
 adv sed him not to do so. Young Smith retained the 35 mm.
 negatives of the "UFO".   (Walters later took other UFO photos to
 the newspaper, first claiming they had been taken by a "Mr. X.")
      Walters promptly challenged Tom Jr.'s story, claiming that
 the young man himself had really photographed a "genuine" UFO,
 but had concocted the "hoax" story becaus~ of his family's
 "religious convictions."

      Two days later HUFON held a press conference at which it
 announced it was reopening its investigation into the Ed Walters
 case. But HUFON's Andrus emphasized that the new investigation
 would be based on the presumption that Walters "is innocent until
 proven guilty." [On this basis, the famous daylight UFO photos of
 George Adamski from the 1950s and more recent ones by Swiss
 farmer Billy Heier should be considered authentic because nobody
 has ever proved they are hoaxes.]
      HUFON's Bob Oechsler, who earlier endorsed the Ed Walters
 UFO photos, after a brief examination of the UFO photos which
 young Smith says he got from Walters, was quoted as saying: "It's
 clearly the same object that Ed photographed ••• In some ways these
 are even better than Ed's (UFO photos)."

       The model, now in the possession of the current resident
 (who requested his name not be made public), has not yet been
 disassembled and examined for internal fingerprints. Hopefully
 that will be done.      If Ed's fingerprints are found inside,
 undoubtedly he will claim they too w~re planted by "debunkers."


'         Gulf Breeze Mayor Ed Gray recently revealed that Ed Walters
     talked to him about his (alleged)  UFO sightings even before the
     photos were published in late 1987 in the local newspaper. Gray
     says he told Walters that "because of the extraordinary nature"
     of his UFO claims, he ought to have qther witnesses. "I asked
     him to call me anytime, day or night, the next time he had a
     sighting. He never called", the Mayor said.
          During the MUFON conference, Stanton T. Friedman gave an
     unqualified endorsement of both the Ed Walters photos and his
     tale of abduction and being zapped with blue/white beams from the
     UFO. Friedman recently was named to HUFON's Board and Director of
     Special Investigations. Quid Pro Quo?                      ·
          Another endorsement came from Jim Moseley in the July issue
     of his newslet~~r:·saucer Smear, shortly after he visited Gulf
     Breeze to investigate the latest developments. Moseley said if
     Ed built the UFO model, it was "extremely unlikely" that he
     would forget and leave it behind. Thus h~ doubt~ that Walters,
     with whom Moseley has a close friendship, built the UFO model.


".
                                        -3-


          IF it                     unlike! " that Ed Walters could for et
     to recover


          WRONG! On page 47 of the Walters• book       ("The Gulf Breeze
     Sightings")  Ed wrote that on the night of Nov. 20, 1987: "I
     LOADED MY SHOTGUN. I LOADED THE .32 CALIBER PISTOL.        I LOADED
     THE .22 RIFLE ••• ! BEGAN TO CARRY THE SHOTGUN IN MY PICKUP TRUCK."
     (On Mar. 14, 1990, the Florida Office of Executive Clemency,
     "after making a thorough investigation"-~which obviously did not
     include reading the Walters book--granted Walters a full pardon
     with the right to possess firearms.)

          Another example: When Ed appeared on a radio talk-show on
     June 16, he was asked "Are UFOs benevolent to people." Ed
     replied: "They're fairly benevolent. If they realize you are an
     avid UFO watcher, they really won't harass you." Ed forgot what
     dreadful thin s he claims the UFO did to him: For example: "The
      UFO's blue beam had hit me like compression- ••• the right Side
     of my forehead felt like it had a knife piercing through to the
     back of my eye socket." (p. 29 of his book). PERHAPS ED DOESN'T
     KNOW THE MEANING OF THE WORD "BENEVOLENT"??

          Bruce Maccabee, who says he decided the Walters photos were
     not a hoax before Ed offered him $20,000 to write a chapter for
     the Walters book, continues to support every Walters claim and
     explanation.   Maccabee believes that the small UFO model was the
     work of debunkers.    Maccabee sees no "conflict-of-interest" in
     his abilit   to ob'ectivel assess new evidence and his financial
     1nvo vement w1t Wa ters.     W en E   Wa ters turne   to Maccabee
     for help at one point in Ed's MUFON lecture, the man sitting next
     to me leaned over, motioned toward Ed and Bruce and mumbled: "the
     gold dust twins."
          While Andrus, Friedman, Maccabee and Moseley endorse/support
     Ed Walters, growing numbers of long-time UFOlogists who are "UFO-
     believers" have denounced the case as a hoax. [See .SUN-1, p.S.]
     Most recent 1s Marge Christensen, who has resigned from MUFON's
     Board and as MUFON's Director of Education in protest against its
     "unscientific" handling and endorsement of the Gulf Br.eeze case.

          Another Gulf Breeze skeptic is Don Schmitt, Director of
     Special Investigations for the Hynek Center for UFO Studies
     (CUFOS). A new report, published by CUFOS and sold at the recent
     MUFON conference, indicates that Ed Walters used his old Polaroid
     camera to take double-exposure trick photographs at parties more
     than a year beforer . he told Bruce Maccabee that he did not know
     that double expos~res could easily be made--simply by not pulling
     down the photo after the first exposure.

          The     44-page   CUFOS   report,   authored   by pro-UFOlogist Zan


"'
                                   -4-


     overall deals with a trick photo taken by Ed Walters with his old
     Polaroid camera at a teen-age party held for friends of his
     children at which they would sit around in a circle and tell
     ghost stories.    According to several of the teen-agers who
     participated, Ed Walters predicted that a ghost-demon would
     appear to be hovering over the shoulder of one girl.       Lo and
     behold, when he snapped her picture and pulled out the Polaroid
     print, there was a ghost-like image hovering over her shoulder.

          Walters and Maccabee claim the ghost-like image is simply a
     chance reflection of camera flash illumination off of a glass
     door in the North wall of the recreation room where the picture
     was taken.     But enhanced prints made by Dr. Willy Smith show
     pictures known to be hanging on the South wall where there were
     no glass doors to produce chance reflections.

           More recently, Walters has admitted that he knew how to take
     trick-photographs with his old Polaroid by defocusing its lens--
     but still claims he never once accidentally made a double-
     exposure with his camera during the 17 years he used it.

          Copy of the report, entitled "Gulf Breeze Double Exposed, is
     available for $8.00 from CUFOS, 2457 w. Peterson, Chicago, Ill.
     60659.

          It will be interesting to see what Jerry Clark--editor of
     the CUFOS International UFO Reporter       (IUR)--has to say about
     Overall's report.  In Clark's editorial in the March/April 1990
     issue of IUR he wrote: "In my opinion •.. Gulf Breeze so far looks
     like a legitimate and significant UFO case ... the photos--unlike
     those associated with George Adamski and other flim-flammers to
     whom Ed Walters was early and unfairly compared--give every
     appearance of authenticity •.. "


          Another respected pro-UFOlogist, Jim Speiser, several weeks
     before the recent MUFON conference sent an "open letter" to Ed
     Walters which urged him to come clean, i.e.     to explain how he
     had "pull(ed) off one of the greatest hoaxes in [UFO] history"
     and fooled "some of the brightest scientific minds in the field."

          That seems unlikely with book royalties rolling in, foreign
     editions of the Walters book in Germany and soon in Japan. And,
     according to Ed, filming is to begin this fall     for an ABC-TV
     mini-series, expected to air early next year.
                                   * * *

          PJK PSYCHIC PREDICTION: If Ed Walters should ever confess
     that his UFO ph~t6s and tales were only a hoax,  I predict that
     Walt Andrus, Bruce Maccabee, Bob Oeschsler and Stanton Friedman
     will charge that Walters has been brainwashed or bought off by
     the CIA.


"'
                               -5-


ET FEMALES ARE SEXUALLY ACTIVE WITH ABDUCTEES--BUT NOT ET MALES:
     According to Budd Hopkins, there are a number of cases in
which male "abductees" report having sexual intercourse with
alien females, but only "one or two marginal cases" where female
abductees report having sex with an ET male.     (Hopkins forgets
"Andrea," discussed at some length in his book "Intruders", who
told him she became pregnant after she dreamed she was having sex
with a "funny looking" bald-headed man. Hopkins concluded it was
no dream and her sex partner was an ET.)

     Hopkins discussion of the sexual mores of ETs came during a
question-answer session at the recent MUFON conference. He
revealed that ETs now seem to exhibit voyeuristic tendencies.
Hopkins said "there are a number of cases--which seem very, very
reliable--where a male and a female human abductee--who do not
know one another--[are forced into] •.• an act of sex ..• We have no
idea how people are able to accomplish this.     Almost impossible
to imagine.   And yet there are entirely too many cases of that
being reported to dispute it," Hopkins said.

      In response to a question as to whether ETs reported by
abductees are a single species, Hopkins said that in about 85% of
the cases, the ETs are described as being short, bald, with large
eyes.    But for the other 15%, descriptions of the ETs are "wide
ranging," including some said to be "lizard-like." Hopkins added
that "in many, many cases, we have two or three [different] types
together on the same ship [UFO] ..• They all seem to be cooperating
with one another."

     Hopkins' biography, published in the 1990 MUFON conference
proceedings, says a film version of his book "Intruders," is
scheduled to be produced by Larry Gordon, who produced "Field of
Dreams." [How very appropriate.] Hopkins' book is now available
in Italian, Spanish and Dutch editions and is to be published in
Portugese, Swedish and Japanese.

     PJK PSYCHIC PREDICTION: Although reports of UFO abductions
have been rare outside the U.S. and Canada, I predict that ETs
will soon start abducting persons in Portugal/Brazil, in Spain
and other Spanish speaking countries,      in Sweden, Holland and
Japan. But there will not be many reports of UFO-abductions in
Bulgaria, Poland, Rumania or China--until Hopkins' book is
translated and published in those countries.

     Hopkins is writing new book, being co-authored with Penelope
Franklin, which is tentatively titled: "A Crack in the Universe-
- The Psychological Impact of UFO Encounters." Will the new book
reveal that Hopkins himself is a "UFO-abductee"--a fate that
seems to befall thooe ' who work as "abductionists"?
     First it was Dr. Leo Sprinkle--a pioneer in the field--who
discovered in 1980, under hypnosis, that he had been abducted as
a child by a tall, thin and very benevolent ET.   More recently,
                                     -6-


     long-time pro-UFOlogist Ray Fowler--who authored two books on
     "abductee" Betty Andreassen -reports that he too has discovered
     he is an abductee. C'est La Vie!
          During the three days I spent in Pensacola during the MUFON
     conference--and especially during the bus tour of Gulf Breeze's
     "UFOlogically Hot"    areas where Walters reportedly had his
     encounters--! silently prayed that I too might be abducted--
     becoming rich and famous like Whitley Strieber and Ed Walters.  I
     even went out after midnight, alone.  But alas, seemingly the ETs
     consider me too old to be of use in their breeding experiments.
     If/when I am abducted, my book will be titled: "Lucky Me".
                                     * * *
     SURPRISE, SURPRISE, SURPRISE!
          Report by Stanton Friedman      on his   $16,000 year-long
     investigation into the authenticity of the "MJ-12" documents has
     recently been published and you'll never be able to guess his
     conclusions. Not in a million years!
          "NONE OF THE ARGUMENTS [that the MJ-12 papers are counter-
     feit] PASSES A SCIENTIFIC SCREENING AS TO THEIR WORTHWHILNESS.
     THE BOTTOM LINE IS THAT THE DOCUMENTS MUST THEREFORE BE CON-
     SIDERED GENUINE ••• "
          Who could have guessed that Friedman's year-long investiga-
     tion would lead him to conclude that the papers are genuine--as
     he had been insisting from the moment the papers were released in
     May, 1987, until he began his "scientific investigation." Select-
     ing Friedman to conduct such a study is a bit like hiring a fox
     to determine whether the chickens need protection from predators.

          Friedman's report challenges my claim that the "Harry
     Truman" signature on the MJ-12 Truman letter of Sept. 24, 1947,
     with accidental scratch marks alongside one leg of the "H" is
     "suspiciously like" the signature on a genuine Truman letter of
     Oct. 7, 1947 with similar scratch marks. And this indicates that
     the MJ-12 signature is a counterfeit photocopy ("Xerox") of the
     genuine Oct. 7 signature~-as confirmed by a respected New York
     City Document Examiner.
           Friedman "forgets" to mention that he himself earlier noted
     the "match" between the two signatures. But he then erroneously
     concluded that this showed that the MJ-12 signature was authen-
     tic--when it showed quite the opposite.

          Friedman chal~~nges the handwriting forgery expert I cited--
     Albert S. Osbbrh--because he died before the Xerox machine was
     invented and his "suspiciously      like" comments    applied to
     signatures that were traced rather than photocopied. Friedman
     dismisses Osborn's expertise on "suspiciously like" signatures by
     commenting: "Clearly, none of this has anything to do with Xerox
     machines, or signatures by people who sign loads of documents


'"
                               -7-


every working day."
     In assessing whether the MJ-12 documents are authentic,
Friedman says, "I have adopted the approach taken by one of the
world's most authoritative linguistic experts, Dr. Roger Wescott,
that with regard to Questioned Documents, the burden of proof is
on those who would claim the documents are forged."

      In October, 1988, I interviewed by telephone the man whom
 Friedman characterizes as "one of the world's most authoritative
 linguistic experts."   When I asked Wescott how many documents of
 questionab'le authenticity he had analyzed during       his long
 career, he replied: "A small number ..• several." Wescottt told me
 that authentication "isn't something I usually do."       He added
·that "the Hillenkoetter [MJ-12] documents are the first in which
 I was asked to do anything official."        In the several other
 instances, Wescott explained, he was simply asked for his
 "impressions" as to the document's authenticity.    Wescott added:
 "This [authentication] is not my specialty."
     Friedman'~ basic  report runs 61 pages plus another 39 pages
of appendices, including the MJ-12 papers and some of his/my
correspondence.   The amount of new and germane material in the
report--that has not appeared in earlier Friedman MUFON/IUR
papers--is minimal. If the Fund for UFO Research (FUFOR) opted
to sue Friedman on the grounds of obtaining money under false
pretenses using Friedman's report as evidence, I suspect they
would win.

     Copy of "Final Report on Operation Majestic 12," can be
purchased for $12.50 from FUFOR, P.O.Box 277, Mt. Rainier, Md.
20712. Friedman also is selling copies, but considering that
FUFOR put up the $16K, if you want to waste your money on
Friedman polemics, better it should go into FUFOR's coffers.


MORE MOORE MJ-12 "FINGERPRINTS" DISCOVERED:

     When Japanese UFOlogist Jun-Ichi Takanashi, chairman of the
Japan UFO Science Society, ordered a copy of William L. Moore's
paper "The Mystery of the Green Fireballs" he never dreamed the
paper would provide new clues as to who typed the MJ-12 Hil-
lenkoetter briefing document.

     Because some of the original government documents were hard
to read, Moore thoughtfully retyped them. Takanashi had read my
MJ-12 article which pointed out the unusual hybrid civil-military
date format with superfluous comma used throughout the Hil-
lenkoetter briefing document--the same unusual date format long
used by Moore in ~i~ ' personal letters. Also, that the person who
had typed the Hillenkoetter document had inserted a zero in front
of a single-dig i t date--as Moore does.    This was not normally
done in 1952 when the Hillenkoetter documents allegedly were
typed.
                                         -8-
                                                                                I
                                                                                '/.
                 Takanashi noted that this same unusual "Moore/Hillenkoetter
            date format" was used 1n documents that Moore had retyped for h1s
            Green Fireballs paper.    Also, that one 1949 document that Moore
            retyped, showed a zero in front of a single-digit date. But he
            did not know whether this unusual       "Moore/Hillenkoetter date
            format" was used in the original documents or whether Moore had
            unconsciously changed the format while retyping the documents.
                 On May 8, 1990, the Japanese UFOlogist wrote Barry Green-
            wood, editor of the Just Cause newsletter, bringing the matter to
            h1s attention.   Fortunately, Greenwood's microfilm copy of the
            Project Blue Book UFO files included the letters that Moore had
            retyped.   The original report showed the date "9 February 1949"
            but Moore typed it as "09 February, 1949".    In other dual-digit
            dates, Moore had unconsciously added the "superfluous comma"
            after the month!   (Photo-copies of originals and Moore's retyped
            copy can be found in the June, 1990, issue of Just Cause.)


            NEW BOOK BY FORMER N.Y. TIMES REPORTER CLAIMS DEFENSE INTEL-
            LIGENCE AGENCY LAUNCHED TOP-SECRET UFO STUDY IN 1987.
                 The book, titled "Out There: The Government's Secret Quest
            for Extraterrestrials," authored by Howard Blum and published by
            Simon & Schuster, is due in September.      Blum earlier authored
            best seller on the Walker spy family.   His publisher says rights
            have been sold for a four-hour TV mini-series on NBC, that it has
            TV commitments from "60 Minutes" and "Oprah," and that Blum will
            make a 10-city author tour for talk-shows and interviews.

                 Blum assures his readers that "this is a true story.     I
            verified every name, incident, date and conversation." In one
            chapter Blum describes my career as a technical  journalist and
            skeptical UFO investigator in not-
            unflattering terms.   In those five    Jr;re yov
            pages I found 25 factual errors.           a
            Although we only talked by phone,     tfeteor.'l
            he   describes   me    as "jaunty,         \
            pencil-thin."       I've not been
            "pencil thin" for 40 years.

                 Even   if   Blum    had  more
            honestly labelled     his book as
            fiction,  it deserves low marks
            because it is so riddled with
            errors on matters which are so
            easy to check. (More detailed              Courtesy of Tim Ayres
            review in next issue)

                       '   (~
                                f•
            --------------------------------------------------------------
            The views expressed
            necessarily represent
            he is affiliated.


"'
     ,, .
