{"created_utc": "2026-09-19T11:45:15Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 503965, "source_ctime_ns": 1788576285803648526, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-38-Mar-1996-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788576285789056360, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-38-Mar-1996-.pdf", "source_sha256": "881806abc108b708916fe80fcdcfd028798d7ffdcd5a939ab40353f427e475e7"}

S   KEPTICS
    By Philip J. Klass
                         UFO            NEWSLETTER
                                       404 'N" St. SW Washtngton DC 20024
                                                                                          SUN #38

                                                                                          March 1996

                                                                                          Copyright
                                                                                          (1996)


    NOVA's TV DOCUMENTA'RY ON UFO ABDUCTIONS EVOKES
    HARSH CRITICISM FROM 11 ABDUCTION GURU 11 HOPKINS

           •Kidnapped By UFOs?"--anhonr-long NOVA TV documentary which aired on the Public
    Broadcasting System network on Feb. 27-- was the first of many TV shows on this subject to
    take a skeptical stance and offer prosaic alternative explanations. The documentary was
    produced for PBS by its Boston affiliate, WGBH, after more than a year of research.

           Although nearly half the program was devoted to liFO-abduction gurus Budd Hopkins
    and Harvard psychiatrist Dr. John Mack, as well as some of their "abductees," NOVA/WGBH
    also included respected psychologists with expertise in "false memories" and hypnosis who
    offered ~rosaic explanations for abduction tal~s. This prra:npted Hnpkin!': tv issue a vitriolic
    denunciation of the NOV A program several days before it aired. And Dr. Mack reportedly
    made a last-minute attempt to get NOVA to delete one segment showing how he had been
    "taken in" by a hoaxer. [Hopkins is easily angered by those who challenge . his views. After
    SUN's editor appeared briefly with Hopkins and two of his "abductees" ..on the Oprah Winfrey
    TV talk show on May 22, 1987, Hopkins vehemently declared he would never again appear with
    me on a radio/TV talk show, or communicate with me-- a "pled~e" he has kept.]

            In Hopkins' sharp attack on the PBS program, he accused NOV A of "manv svstematic
    deceptions, distortions, and omissions [and 1 the denigration of thousands of decent, mentally sound
    people who have reported UFO abductions. • Hopkins charged that abductees who agreed to
    appear on the NOV A program were "rewarded [for] their bravery and generous spirit of
    cooperation by NOVA's implication that all of them were either deluded, hallucinating, or simply
    weak-minded... • In troth, not one of the subjects was ridiculed by the NOV A naJTator or by any
    of the skeptical experts who offered possible prosaic explanations. (But NOV A did question
    the views of Hopkins and Mack.)

             Dr. Michael Persinger, a Canadian neuro-scientist, said that his studies of "abductees"


I
    indicates they are "individuals who are more creative. They are individuals who have a problem and
    think that somehow they are different .... Fundamentally they're normal except they have unusual
    creativity, and that also means suggestibility. • Persinger described experiments with "normal
    people" who were put into a darkened chamber in which they could see a Christ-like cross and
    heard Gregorian Chant music, and we:-e en:.:ou!·aged to _verbalize th'!ir thoughts. "The themes
    of their narratives were primarily religious, • Persinger said. But when the cross was was replaced ·
    with an image of earth and music from the movie "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" was
    played, "suddenly the themes ·changed to spaceships and alien encounters, • Persinger said.

    Hopkins Falsely Accuses NOV A Of Falsehood

             Hopkins charged that "people who trust NOVA wil/alsounknowingly accept falsehoods such
    as the following as true: NOVA said that after the film 'Close Encounters' appeared [in late 1977],
    the number of UFO sightings increased, an example of the media's generating 'false reports.' But
    in fact, during that time, the number of new sightings eventually decreased. • [Emphasis added.]
    NOV A, which made .!!.!! menti&n ~·f media generating "false reports, • said thai "in the year
    following its release, UFO encounter reports surged." The facts are that in 1978, the Hynek
    Center for UFO Studies received 1,669 UFO sighting reports, an 85% increase over the number
    of UFO reports CUFOS received in 1977, the year before the movie was released. (SUN's data
    are from a 1981 letter from Allan Hendry, who was then chief investigator for CUFOS.)


         .
        "'
             ;•   ..
    Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                 -2-                                                   March 1996

    HOPKINS DEMONSTRATES HIS .. INVESTIGATIVE TECHNIQUES ..

             NOVA accompanied Hopkins to Florida to investigate a potential abduction case
     involving a young, upper- middle- class · woman (J ody), her four- year- old son and (roughly) two-
    year- old daughter. Hopkins said he was happy to demonstrate his investigative protocol on
     camera for NOV A wso the process can be made available to other investigators, scientists and mental
    health people. w NOVA reported that wlody first began to (ear (or her son and daughter !J!ree
    !ears agorJilier.she reiii?Hopkins' best-selling book 'lntruders"f" J ody said: wI don't want to believe
    my kids are being abducted. I'd rather believe that there is something wrong with my mind. w

    SUN Comment: If Jody heeds NOVA's skeptical experts, she need not fear either for her
    children or about her own mental health, but SUN doubts that she will do so.

            NOVA filmed Hopkins sitting down with four-year-old Ryan and showing him sketches
    of Santa Claus, Batman and atraditional bald-headed ET with large black eyes. When Hopkins
    asked Ryan if he hud "ever seen anything !ike that [ET] before, • the child shook his bead to
    indicate he had not. But Hopkins persists and asks the four-year-old boy to make up a story
    about the ET. Ryan complies and says: wHe comes upstairs and sees a person sleeping with his
    eyes closed and he walks him down the stairs .... Then he usually leads him up another step and then
    he makes him land .... / bet someone took me." Hopkins says: "I bet somebody took me, that's right. •
    Hopkins concludes: "It may be a coincidence, of course, it may not mean anything. But also it may
    mean if there is (sic) some abduction events going on in his life that there's a kind of unconscious
    memory coming through.w Later, when Hopkins asks two-year-old Paula if she has ever seen
    someone resembling his ET sketch, she respon'ds: "Yuh, uh, eyes. w When Hopkins asks where she
    has seen him, Paula answers: wya see um outside. •

    PERHAPS YOUR ELBOW WILL REMEMBER

            Later, when Hopkins used hypnosis on the mother to obtain her recollections of UFO
    abduction, NOVA shows Hopkins telling Jody: "/want you to tell me how your body feels. It has
    its own memories and they're almost separate from the memories of your mind. The body
    remembers how it (eels. w Dr. Elizabeth Loftus, an internationally recognized researcher in the
    "false memory syndrome," after being shown NOV A's videotape of this Hopkins hypnosis
    session, commented: wone of the obvious things is that he's ressing_'!£!_ [or mor~g_ils .....Jjj_an
    e_!!Couragement to ela~orate, to i11JE..Kf.!J..~,....... Later..J1 '.Lg!ling.JQ help her }_f!!ere.ret th!!_l!_.."1!!!.!.al
    products as_i[ theYJ!!e actu_E!_~xp_erienc_es. w As for Hopkins' claim that a person's body "has its
    own memories, w Loftus said: wThere is no good scientific support ...that our bodies are remembering
\   things that our mind does not. • After viewing Hopkins' session with young Ryan , Loftus
    commented: wit's the first few steps ... to the creation of a false memory of being abducted. w

           As Hopkins leaves Jody's house, he sums up his assessment of the case: "/think it's a very,
    very good case.... four different people.... each one talking about experiences which suggest abductions
    from very different points of view."

            Dr. Robert Baker, retired University of Kentucky professor of psychology, recalled for
    NOV A that during the Middle Ages people told similar tales of nocturnal visits and sexual
    molestation but the visitors were then said to be small demons or devils rather than today's ETs.
    Baker noted that persons under hypnosis are especially suggestible and provided a demonstra-
    tion for NOV A to show ho.wJea~i.ly a subject seemingly can "recall" details of a spurious tale.

             John Velez, a graphic artist and one of Hopkins' "abductees," described his own
    harrowing experience with a USO (Unidentified Submerged Object): w/ was taken to some
    underwater (acilitv .... a huge dome, underwater dome .... You could probably fit 10 football fields
    into this thing .... They removed my eye completely; they allowed it to hang off on the right side of my
    face like this .... this probe that they had came from the ceiling and they inserted the probe. •
                                                                                                                                             ---
     Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                    -3-                                                     March 1996


     Mack Tries To Censor NOV A Documentary

             According to an article in the Feb. 27 edition of The Boston Herald, Dr.John Mack
     characterized the NOVA documentary as "unconscionable" and charged that "the effect of this
     program is to try to discourage anybody from taking the reality of this phenomenon seriously."
     According to the article, wMack has demanded that NOVA cut out a four-minute interview with
     {Donna] Bassett, a demand that a NOVA producer yesterday said had been denied. w Donna
     Bassett, posing as an •abductee, • under regressive hypnosis by Mack on Nov. 19, 1992, described
     bow she bad been abducted during the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis and found herself with
     President John F. Kennedy and Premier Nikita Khrushchev aboard a flying saucer [SUN
     #28/ July 1994]. She described bow she bad sat on Khrushchev's lap, trying to reassure the
     crying Soviet leader that nuclear war would not occur. At this point in the hypnosis session
     Mack commented: wYou know, a lot of people believe that this whole abduction business is some form
     of divine intervention. And what better way to do it than to pull Kennedy and Khrushchev. w Mack
     then asked Donna: wwas [Defense Secretary] McNamara there?w

            Donna Bassett's account of the hoax was revealed by Time magazine in its April 25,
     1994, issue. Shortly afterward, when Mack (and SUN's editor) appeared on Cable News
     Network's "Crossfire" TV show, Mack indicated be was unsure whether Donna's story of
     meeting Kennedy and Khrushchev aboard a flying saucer was true or not. In the segment which
     Mack tried to get NOV A to delete. he reveals that he remains ambivalent as to whether Donna's
     abduction story Is true. But in the interview with The Boston Herald, Mack dismisses Donna
     Bassett as a "wacko."

            EVEN IF MACK'S HARSH CHARACTERIZATION WERE TRUE (and SUN--having 1 /
     since met Donna--believes it is not), THE INCIDENT PROVES THAT THE EXPERIENCED K
     HARVARD PSYCHIATRIST IS UNABLE TO DISTINGUISH A wTRUE ABDUCTEE" FROM
     A wWACKOw OR A HOAXER. No wonder Mack demanded that NOVA delete this segment.

            Mack told NOVA: "We're dealing with a phenomenon which ... operates in this gray area
     between the physical world and the subjective or mytlzic ... where we're being asked to prove this by
     the methods of physical science alone. But those methods, in my view, will not yield its secrets."

             The NOV A documentary concluded with Dr. Carl Sagan expressing concern about "the
     absence of !~!J!.lic:__qL_tfz.iJ.!ls.Lr;g=-.-JIQ.L_j_ust. ..._by____ !~L. §.Q:.S:.a.lle.Labduc;tees.. -.Jmt--on--lhe--par+-o-f-lh~~~J

    cne
     therapists_;j Sagan added that to abandon scientific methodology wwith its skeptical protocols is
         pathway to a dark age. w                                            -- - -                        -                 --


     Media Reaction

                As this issue of SUN is being written, we have few news media reviews of the NOV A
     documentary. However, \the Wall Street fournai·;S) TV reviewer, Dorothy Rabinowitz, offered
     the following preview commentary· in the Feb. 22 edition: wNOVA looks into the fantasies of
     alleged abductees now finding a wide audience for their stories of victimization by rampaging
     aliens. The film begins, seductively enough, with respectfully reported introductions to the principals
     trafficking in these hallucinations- -people like the graphic artist John, whose busy abductors took
     semen from his genitals and also, we learn, removed John's eye. Here, too, is the self -styled therapist
     Budd Hopkins, who has made a bundle flogging books of gibberish about alien visitors and their
     victims. We meet, not least, HaryrJrdrUniversity psychiatrist ~ M_lf_ck, TJQ."'!....ff!.!!!Ql4SJ.or_hi.t..ef/Jlrts
     tt;J_!!.4YPace the c.a use of irrationality in QUI• .l.i111..es. Dr. Mack, who gives credence to the alien-
     encounter experience, will likely not be pleased with this film, which proceeds to demolish the claims
     of the various hucksters, charlatans, assorted exhibitionists and garden-variety nitwits immersed in
     humbug about alien abductors- -and does so with quietly killing authority. On hand to help out are
     Carl Sagan, sociologist Richard Ofshe, memory expert Elizabeth Loftus and psychologist Robert
I    Baker- -dead shots, all. w


               ft' •·
                                                                                                        -
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                       -4 -                                         March 1996

        The New York Times review of Feb. 27 was .favorable if less caustic. It said the new
NOV A documentary wmakes a companion piece to the memorable 'Frontline' reports of how so-
called repressed memories of childhood sexual abuse have been elicited or produced under pressure."
The Washington Post did not review or preview .tbe NOVA documentary. However, two years
ago The Post did feature a lengthy preview of the CBS mini-series "lntroders: promoting belief
in UFO abductions. Tom Sbales, who authored the May 16, 1992, preview wrote: "CBS says the
film is based on 600 'actual accounts' by folks who think it happened to them. Sound too incredible
to be true? Nothing is too incredible to be true .... Results of a recent Roper poll indicate that 2
percent of the population think they might be abductees. • [Emphasis added.)

Hopkins, Mack Should Consult "Original Abductee" Betty Hill

         Hopkins and Mack criticize the NOVA documentary on the grounds that some of its
skeptical experts lack extensive first- hand familiarity with "the abduction experience."' That
criticism can NOT be leveled against BETTY HILL whose own (alleged) abduction, along with
husband Barnev, was the first to achieve international fame three decades ago . Betty Hill
offered · her sage views in an interview published in the Feb. 4 edition of The Boston Globe.

         "If you see a UFO, don't panic. Just relax. Don't be afraid, they don't hurt anybody. But
just because you think you might have been abducted is no guarantee you have been. A lot of people
have come to me in hysterics because of something they heard somewhere. They couldn't eat, couldn't
sleep, they were seeing doctors for their nerves because they said they'd seen a UFO. They were
terrified that the aliens were going to come back, walk through the walls and kidnap them. So I
began explaining that there are two UFO fields: the commercial UFO field in which anything
that sells goes, and the real UFO field. Actually, UFOs avoid us if possible. [Emphasis added.)

        "There have been very few real abductions. You have to separate the real (rom the unreal.
These tales can be lies. hallucinations. fantasies, or memories of things they've seen at the movies.
Most of your so-called abductees nowadays say 'I just suddenly remembered that 50 years ago this
happened.' Or, 'my children were abducted.' To me, this is in the same class as the monster in the
closet. As (or alien insemination, forget it. I call that the Virgin Mary syndrome ... " [Emphasis
added.)     Although Betty Hill appeared briefly in the opening segment of the NOV A
documentary to describe her 1961 encounter, if she voiced sim.ilar views during her interview,
they ended up won the cutting room floor."


NEW REVEALING REPORT RAISES MORE DOUBTS ABOUT
SANTILLI'S CONTROVERSIAL AUTOPSY MOViE (SCAM)
        A comprehensive and devastating expose of Ray Santilli's "Alien Autopsy" movie will be
published in the upcoming (March) issue of the MUFON UFO Journal under the title w~antilli's
Controversial Autopsy Movie: whose acronym SCAM was coined by author Kent Jeffrey. He
earlier created the "International Roswell Initiative: which seeks to get the President to issue
an Executive Order declassifying any still classified information on "Roswell, UFOs, or
extraterrestrial intelligence." Jeffrey, who was one of the earliest critics of SCAM, is a pilot
with a major international airline.

        According to Santilli, the (alleged) SCAM cameraman was in the Army Air Force in
early June, 1947, when be ~a!i#di!fl)atcbed from Washington D.C. to New Mexico to film the
(alleged) crashed saucer and, 'a bout a month later to Texas to film the autopsies of two dead
ETs. Jeffrey's article reports highlights or his interviews with retired Lt. Col. Daniel A.
McGovern, a former Air Force movie cameraman who was stationed in Washington in June 1947
and who bad no knowledge of the alleged SCAM cameraman or his special assignment.

         Jeffrey reports that "McGovern, who filmed a number of autopsies, was very positive that


    "'
                                                                                                       ---
   Skeptics UFO Newsletter                      -5-                                        March 1


  all medical procedures were shot in color. w [SCAM was shot with monochrome film.] Jeffrey also
  interviewed two other former military movie cameramen, Joe Longo and Bill Gibson. wOur three
  cameramen pointed out that a motion picture cameraman would almost always be accompanied by
  a 'still' photographer.... During an autopsy, every step of the procedure would be carefully
  photographed by the 'still' photographer, who would invariably be visible in the motion picture. w
  Jeffrey noted that no wstillw photographer is ever seen in SCAM.

           When this curious anomaly. first noted in SUN #35 (Sept. 1995). was brought to Santilli's
   attention, he (allegedly) checked with the cameraman and said he learned that a "still" camera
   photographer also took autopsy pictures. But he was allowed into the autopsy room only when
   the movie cameraman had to step outside the autopsy room to change film and departed when
   the movie cameraman returned. As SUN #35 pointed out, still photos could have provided far
   higher resolution, better focused imagery.

         If the AAF. needed to film a crashed saucer ~n New Mexico, McGovern, Gibson and
   L~ngo agreed that there were qua!ified cameramen wi~h Top Secret clearances stationed at
   numerous military bases and facilities in New Mexico. There was no need to transport one from
   Washington, delaying by many hours the filming of the (alleged) ETs and "crashed saucer."


> Long-Awaited Interviews With SCAM Cameraman
           Santilli has never publicly disclosed the identity of the (alleged) SCAM cameraman on
   the grounds that he insists on anonymity. On June 22, 1995, Santilli informed Philip Mantle
   of the British UFO Research Association (BUFORA), that he would receive a telephone call
   from the SCAM cameraman. Shortly afterwards a person claiming to be the cameraman did
   call and they talked for about 15 minutes, according to Mantle who says he intentionally
   avoided being "aggressive." Since last June, so far as is known. no UFOiogist has talked
   directly with the (alleged) cameraman-· except via Santilli serving as an intermediary.

           Bob Shell, editor of Shutterbug magazine, wbo bas characterized himself as "the
   photographic expert that Ray Santilli has asked to work on verification of the so-called Roswell
   footage, • bas long been promised an in-person interview with tbe cameraman. During a talk
   show on Sept. 2, when Shell was asked if be bad met tbe cameraman, Shell replied: "J have not
   met him face to face yet. I'm supposed to do so in a matter of a week or so. w (Emphasis added.]
   In Shell's Dec. 11 letter- fax to SUN, be said that be was "scheduled to interview the cameraman
   face to face within the next three months, • i.e., by mid-March. [SUN responded by proposing a
   modest wager of $100 against Shell's $50 that a face-to-face meeting .with the cameraman
   would never occur. Shell declined the offer.]

           In early February, reports circulated that Robert Kiviat, who produced the • Alien
   Autopsy: Fact or Fiction?" TV show last year on the Fox network, was readying a new
   installment which would include a videotaped interview with the SCAM cameraman, arranged
   by Santilli. (The cameraman's appearance and voice would be disguised electronically.) SUN
   learned that Santilli bad told Shell tbat be would be able to sit in on tbe Kiviat interview.
   When SUN queried Shell in late Febnary as to tbe status of bis promised interview witb tbe
   cameraman, Shell replied that it "has not happened yet. Promised to happen soon. •

         IF THAT OLD ADAGE . .IS fRUE THAT "PATIENCE IS A VIRTUE," THEN CLEARLY
    BOB SHELL IS ONE OF THE WORLD'S MOST VIRTUOUS INVESTIGATORS.

           One possible explanation for Shell's patience is that be bas a business agreement with
   Santilli for a soon-to-be-published book titled: "Alien Autopsy: Tbe Open File." Santilli is
   providing photos for use in Shell's book and will receive a share of tbe publisher's cash advance
   as well as a share of the book's royalties.


            ; • •·
   Skeptics UFO Newsletter                             -6-                                        March 1996


           When SUN asked Shell if he planned to hold up publication of his book until hP
   interviewed the cameraman and until after Santilli provided film samples for Eastman Kodak
   authentication tests, Shell replied that he would not because his publisher "wants an open-ended
   book which leaves the matter open .... This book is to leave all essential questions unanswered."
                                                                                         ·,..        He
   nplained that the publisher wants to , "save it (or ·the second book."
                                                '

x· UFOiogy .Has Benefitted From SCAM
           Ray Santilli recently responded on the CompuServe network to criticism about having
   profited from SCAM. Santilli claimed others had also profited, including the following:
                                           .! ~-..~:


   *       "Skeptical UFO publications that found their readership had almost doubled as a result
   of the story and the debate." [SUN is the only "skeptical UFO publication" in the world and its
   circulation · has not increased significantly.]

   *     · "UFO researchers ihat suddenly found themsel~es being offered money to appear on talk
   shows worldwide." · [Talk shows, typically, do not pay their guests.]

   *     "Experts that suddenly found themselves being offered money to write for publications"
   [UFO publications, typically, do not pay for articles.]

           Although SCAM has "lined the pocket._s" of a few, SUN believes it has made a useful
   contribution to UFOiogy by enhancing the skeptical instincts of some Pro- UFOiogists. In this
   respect, SCAM has served to "separate the meo from the boys," i.e., the credulous UFOiogists
   from those with at least a modicum of skepticism and common sense. For those who in the past
   have criticized skeptics for failing to prove that a UFO cas.e is a hoax, SCAM has shown the
   intrinsic difficulty of obtaining "100% proof. • Because perpetrating a UFO hoax is not a crime,
   a suspected perpetrator does not have to testify in court under oath, sub)ect to crosss-
   namination and the penalty for perjury.

           SUN compliments those Pro- UFOiogists who have invested much effort- -and money- -in
   investigating SCAM and for having made public the anomalies and inconsistencies they have
   uncovered, despite criticism from some of their more credulous peers.

   Court Endorses Withdrawal Of Boylan's Psychotherapist License

                      Superior Court Judge Thomas ' NI. Cecil recently rt:jeci.:d an appeai by Dr.
                    C~ifornia
   Richard J. Boylan that the Court overturn the decision of the California Board of Psychology
   to terminate Boylan's license as a psychotherapist. (Boylan is a leading "abductologist" and
   claims that he himself has experienced a UFO abduction.)             The Psychology Board charged
   Boylan with "gross negligence" in using "nude hot tubbing" and massage in treating three female
   patients and of "imposing views on the existence of extraterrestrials into the dreams and memories"
   of several female patients [SUN #37 I Jan. 1996]. In Judge Cecil's Feb. 8 decision he said that
   Boylan "continues to assert that this case is aborlt his belief in alien encounters. It is not .... Peti-
   tioner's conduct was outrageous, especially in the light of the underlying reasons for treating these
   particular patients. His conduct fell well below the standard of care expected of his profession and
   constituted gross negligence."
                                       r,
            Boylan, who claims    he is a victim of a government effort to suppress the truth about
   UFOs, posted an E·mail network message which said that he had "data from a remote viewer
   [i.e., "psychic"] "that the judge received telephone calls from intelligence officials in Washington
   D.C., influencing a negative decision on my Appeal. • Boylan further charged that "therapy which
   was perfectly valid 20 years ago is forbidden by them [Psychology Board) now because it might
   jeopardize their continued political appointments ... under the conservative current Governor. •

       ,.r~


              ft.' •.
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                              -7-                                          March 1996

Boylan's Views On UFOs And Their Possible Relationship To Jesus

       Useful insights into whether the California Psychology Board acted wisely in
terminating Boylan's license as a psychotherapist can be gained from a memorandum be posted
on Internet on Jan. 12, shortly before his appeal was beard by Judge Cecil. Highlights of this
Boylan memo follow:

         •An often-reliable source, who shall be called Beltway Throat, is in dialogue with a number
of members of The Aviary, a shadowy group of defense industry scientists and current I former
military and intelligence officials who have complete access to closely-held UFO information,
technology and hardware, which not even the President knows o(. There is reportedly some overlap
in membership between the historical, formerly-authorized UFO information control group 'Ml-12'
and The Aviary. Beltway Throat (BT) alleges that several members of The Aviary have access to the
Yellow Book and the Red Book. The Yellow Book is reported to be a physical record of the communi-
cations from an extraterrestrial who was recovered from a downed UFO and kept in custody by MJ-
12, before he died several years later. The extraterrestrial was called EBE-1. A second extra-
terrestrial is reportedly currently in residen-:;y under M I .,.12, tind she is called EBE -2, but .TJT calls
her Charlene. She is the actual author of the Yellow Book.

        "The Yellow Book is reported to be actually a sort of holographic compact disk, which can
project images of the information it contains. It is alleged to contain references to Biblical events,
even including a holographic depiction of the crucifixion of Christ. The Red Book is a human
compendium of information derived from extraterrestrials. It contains future predictions, among
other things. One of the predictions is that there will be a very large rift in human society, as a
result of ET contact becoming publicly known. This is supposed to happen in 1997. Another alleged
prediction is that the ETs will return in a formal, preplanned landing on April 24, 1997 on public
land in the Southwest U.S.,probably in the vicinity of 'White Sands Missile Range, N.M.

        "The Red and Yellow Books are also supposed to contain the prediction that there is one
Horseman of the Apocalypse left to arrive .... The remaining Horseman is the 'White Rider wearing the
Crown, which is interpreted to be Second Coming (of Christ). This raises profound questions and
concerns for The Aviary .... Will the UFOs be bearing an ET with ,Christ Consciousness? Or will the
ETs be misunderstood as Christ?... " At the end of Boylan's memo he posted the following
disclaimer: •The above 'leaks' may contain some or a great deai of disinformation."

UFO Movement Leaders Issue Best Available Evidence'' Report
                                                11


        A 171-page "Unidentified Flying Objects Briefing Document; reportedly being sent to
•t,OOO world leaden" including Henry Kissinger, Colin Powell and Franc~'s Jacques Cbirac, ·
•presents the best available evidence (or the existence of UFOs," according to the beads of
America's three principal UFO groups: The Hynek Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS), Mutual
UFO Network (MUFON) and the Fund for UFO Research (FUFOR). The report was authored
by Don Berliner, assisted by Marie Galbraith and Antonio Huneeus.             Its publication and
distribution were funded by philanthropist Laurance S. Rockefeller, who has become interested
in UFOs in his later years. The report states: •The case for UFO reality rests on the accumulation
of reports which cannot be _explained as 'normal phenomena.'" Cases described include:

* Socorro, N.M. "Landing" Case (1964): As reported in my book "UFOs Explained" (Chapter
12), my on-site investigation indicates this incident is a hoax.
                             '     ..
                                   r,
* USAF Air Base UFO Alert (1975): Prosaic explanations for these reports are supplied in my
book "UFOs: The Public Deceived" (Chapter 12).

* UFO Dogfight Over Tehran (1976): Prosaic explanations, including a bright planet Jupiter,
are also provided in "UFOs: The Public Deceived" (Chapter 14).


    ,;"
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                  -8-                                                    March 1996

* Japan Air Lines 747 Over Alaska (1986): My investigation indicates that one of the reported
UFOs was the very bright planet Jupiter. An earlier UFO is believed to have been moonlight
or light from oil pumping stations reflecting orr clouds.

          The report's end· summary states: • These cases are among the most detailed, best
authenticated and most puzzling of the many thousands of unexplained UFO reports .... When studied
as a group, these case histories exhibit clear patterns which strongly suggest that they belong to a
distinct new class of phenomena. rather than being a formless collection of disparate observational
errors .... It is this large quantity of evidence of the-existence of something completely baffling which
motivates many of us to urge the governments of the world to release all they know about UFOs so
that the people of the world, and especially scientists. can begin to come to grips with a mystery that
has for too long been subjected to secrecy and ridicule. • [Emphasis added.] SUN COMMENT: IF
THESE CASES "EXHIBIT CLEAR PATTERNS," THESE PATTER-NS WERE NOT LISTED IN
THE REPORT.               [The Recommended Reading list did not include .!!!!Y of my four books on
UFOs, but did include Timothy Good's "Above Top Secret," characterized as "well documented."]

SHORT SHRIFT

•       Major gurus of the UFO-abduction cult-- Budd Hopkins, John Mack, John S. Carpenter
and Whitley Strieber- -are scheduled to speak at MUFON's 1996 international UFO symposium,
to be held Jnly S-7 in Greensboro, N.C. Although Mack and Hopkins disagree over whether
ET objectives are benevolent or malevolent, SUN expects they will.,submerge these differences
to attack the NOV A documentary.                                   -

•       Stanton T. Friedman, who long ago discovered he can make more money as a UFO lec-
turer than as a nuclear physicist, will soon publish his second book which endorses the
authenticity of the MJ -12 papers, made public in 1987 by Friedman, William L. Moore and
Jaime Shandera. The book is titled: "Top Secret- Majic." The Pentagon earlier characterized
the MJ -12 papers as phony. More recently, a General Accounting Office (GAO) investigation--
at the request of Congressman Steven Schiff·· concluded that the MJ -12 papers are bogus.

•         The Commandinl! Officer who evaluated Mai. Jesse Marcel, nine months after the
Roswell Army Air Field officer recovered the unusual debris from the Brazel ranch and
authorized the •nying disk" press release, noted that "his only known weakness is an inclination
to magnify problems. • Thirty years later, when Marcel emerged from obscurity as a result of
media interest in the "Roswell Incident," he tended to "magnify" his military record, according
to researcher Robert G. Todd [SUN #37 I Jan. 1996]. In Marcel ' s "Efficiency Report," RAAF
Base Commander Col. William H. Blanchard also characterized Marcel as: "A quiet, mature field
g,.,,;,; uftice;. Excepiiunaily well quaii(jed in his duty assignment. Superior morai qualities.'

•       The U.S. Government is helping fund Dr. Mack's UFO abduction research, according to
an article by Michael Logan in the Dec. 16 edition of The Boston Globe. • For almost two years
the Federal Work Study ( FWS) program has compensated [college J students employed at Program
for Extraordinary Experience Research (PEER), a research and education group Mack created to
study the alien abduction 'phenomenon,'" according to Logan. "The job description at the financial
aid office asks the ideal candidates to have experience with the UFO field or anomalous phenomena-
-and PEER has found such individuals attending Emerson College, Harvard University, Simmons
College, Tufts University and the University of Massachusetts .... PEER pays its staff of college
students 25 percent of their salary, and the government subsidizes the remainder."
-----------------------~~;~-~~-----------··-·-----·-·-------·--·-·----··-----·--·--------
NOTE: Opinions expressed in SUN are those of its Editor- -unless otherwise noted- -and do not necessarily represent the views
of any organization with which he is affiliated--or ·his spouse. We thank Dr. Gary Posner for help in proofreading.


SKEPTICS UFO NEWSLETTER (SUN) IS PUBLISHED BIMONTHLY. SUBSCRIPTION
RATE (SIX ISSUES) IS $15/YEAR FOR U.S./CANADA. OVERSEAS RATE (AIRMAIL) IS
$20/YEAR. (Please m~ke check/money order payable to Pbili2 J. Klass.)


      ,, -
