{"created_utc": "2026-09-20T23:32:36Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 542270, "source_ctime_ns": 1788590966615569556, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-08-Mar-1991-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788590966600086058, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-08-Mar-1991-.pdf", "source_sha256": "84d911bd91478ffe799e3a8f21495d8fb3b1a7943c107825ec5dd57bbe35a90d"}

-
S   KEPTICS
    By Philip J. Klass
                            ur:::o
                              r      1
                                            NEWSLE I I ER
                                            404 "N" St. SW Wasllmgton DC 20024
                                                                                                          Md.rch 1991
                                                                                                          9...111   IUJ
                                                                                                          COPYIHGHI' l'J'II


     MOORE/SHAN OEk.A             MJ ·12 REPORT DEMONSTRATES                     PHOTOCOPY         "HANKY PAN K y·

            The integrity and intellectual hone s ty o f the recent William L. Moore and Jaime H .
    Shandera analysis of the "Top Secret / Eyes Only" MJ-12documents which they and their formc:r
    associate Stanton T. Friedman had released in the spring of 1987, can be judged by their
    treatment of the Harry Truman signature which appears on one of the MJ -12 documents·· what
    purports to be a mcmorilnJum, JiitcJ Sept. 24, l'.J47, from Prc~idcnl TruJu<~n lu Ddcu~~·
    Secretary James Forrc~tal, creating lhe Majc~tic 12 (MJ-12) cummitlcc . (L'ullllliCilb uu utll~·1
    aspects of the Moore/Shandera MJ -12 report can be found in SUN #7.)

            In the Winter 1990 issue of Skeptical Inquirer, I revealed the this MJ- 12 Truman
    signature is "suspiciously like" the one on an authentic letter which Truman wrote to Dr.
    Vannevar Bush on Oct. 1, 19 47. According to the book "Questioned Documents," by Albert S.
    Osborn, originally written before the advent of "signature machines" and the Xerox type of
    photocopier, "suspicio us ly alike " signatures are "very strong evidence of forgery ." (Friedman
    had earlier noted the similarity of the two signatures in an article published in the fall of 1987
    in International UFO Rep o rter, but erroneously claimed that this showed that the MJ -12
    Truman si~nature was apth c n!ic!) When Truman signed the letter to Bush, the pen skidded
    slightly as he was writing the right-hand vertical stroke of the "H." A ~ i111 i liH ~kiJ n1.ark 1~
    found on the MJ ·12 signature!

            When I sent copies of the MJ -12 and genuine Oct. 1 Truman signatures to a highly
     respected document examiner in New York, who had earlier worked with Friedman and Moore
     on the MJ -12 papers, he said there was no doubt that the MJ -12 signature was a photocopy
     forgery. (I refer to this examiner as P.T. beca use he does not wish his name made public.)

                  PI's ppcrjcnccd pc spotted addjti onitl    jocrjminijljn~       c:vi~h:ncc   of 11 photocopy for~ny ,
     In the genuine '(Oct.l) letter, the top of the "T" cut through the bottom of the "s" and top of the
     comma in the "Sincerely yours ,". This required the counterfeiter to usc "white-out" correction
     fluid to "paint out" the "s" and comma because the typewriter used by the counterfeiter to type
     the contents of the bogus lt:tter did not match the one used in the genuine (Oct. 1) letter. In
     performing this operation, the forger thinned down slightly that part o f the top of the "T" that
     had cut across the "s" and comma . Fig . 1 (below) shows the genuine Oct. 1, 1947 Truman
     signature while Fig. 2 shows the MJ ·12 signature, with arrows pointing to the "thinning" of the
     top of the "T".


                                           r,
     Fig. 1 (Authenlic)                                       Fig. 2 (MJ - 12)


           But the Moore I Shanderu MJ - 12 report resorts to "misdirection ." THE ARROW THEY USE
     TO POINT OUT THE THINNING IS AIMED AT A DIFFERENT PART OF THE TOP OF THE "T"
     Wl/ERE NO Tll/NNING' t:S IS l'S.' (S" fi._ J. lt'J/ uf nat uu,,·,I

      II/


            ,..
    Fig. 3             (I) Hook               -- - . -   ·- ·--   ---
                                                                        -2-
                                                                         - ·- ·- -·-- -


        (L) Glitch ,

                Blot    ·

                                /         /
     ( K "H" and " a" /
         )      touch       /
                                    /
                                                          (l\1)     (Enlarged 41%)
                                                          Blot
                    (J) Gap
     Moore/Shandera arrows claim to poi nt t o suspicio us " thinning" but they do not.


             Moorc/Shandtra W.illl. lhitt the genuine (Oct. 1) Truman signature was written with a
     "finer pen" than the one used for the MJ -12 signature and the two illustrations used in their
     report (shown below) would seem to confirm this claim . But appearances can be deceiving.


                                                                                s ;ce
                                                                                   '0
                                                                                       · your~
                                                                                     rely
                                                                                                        '-..

                                                                                                                                       ---
                                                                                                    l
                ILLUSTRATION 44 E"                                                                       ILLUSTRATION "F"
     Signature from Truman Memorandum                                                              Signature from Truman-Bush Letter
                    !"TM"J                                                                                          !"T-B"J
Note wider pen point produces heavier lines with                                   Note finer pen point produces thinner lin~.:::; &
      ... .....  no skipping.                                                           .... .... frequent skips.

                The ~~:ouiu~: (Qn, 1} TruulLLO ~ia.n~l..ur ~ _.u_\L]ili ~ h~d by_,Mvvrd Sl:wPJn\1 .G..~.lllllli.Ll~.i:
     v~;rsion      of a "diirkyr"       vcr~ion      knvwn lObs: iu Moore's ROS~e~:\ivn (which murc dy!?dy roymbk~
     the ori&inal in the Library of Congress) . Thi s is known because M oo re earlier sent me a darker
     version. which is rcproduced lower left (Fig . 4) . IT IS EASY ENOUGH TO MAKE THE
     HEAVIER VERSION APPEAR FAINTER. WITH "SKIPPING"· -SIMPLY BY SETTING THE
     XEROX MACHINE FOR "LIGHT CONTRAST." Fi&. 5 shows a light- contrast version of the
     copy Moore sent me.


                                                                                              ..
                                                                                          I
     Fig. 4: Copy iCDI me by Moore _                                    F ig. 5: Light-contrast photocopy of Fig. 4


             ,..
                                                                                                                 --
                                                     -3-


        Naturally the revers e process can bt' used to increase the darkness and hea viness of linp in
the signature. and thereby {ill in gaps. such as in the "skid marks " in the Oct . I signature.


        Moore / Shandera admit th at the MJ - 12 signature bears a "m a r ked similarity" to the
genuine signature o n Trum an's Oc t. 1, 1947, letter to Dr . Bush. But the y at te m pt to prove the
two signatures are not quite identical b y s ho wing that the le ngth s of c e rt <.~i n fe atures, su ch Js
the top of the "T ", is 2-3 % la rger o n the MJ - 12 signature th a n on the ge nuine le tter to Bush. Bu t
this is to be expected becau se the "origin a l MJ - 12" documents (allegedl y) Jrri ved on 35 mm .
film, which had to be enlarged Juring printing , and underwent unknown number~ uf IJhuto ·
copying operations each of which res ults in a slight enlargement which can be larger in the
horizontal direction than in the v e rtic<.~!, o r vice ve rsa.

        This sho rtcoming is ac knowledged in a "Pos tscriptum " in the Moo re/ Shandera report,
authored by Dr. Bruce Macca bee who he ads the Fund for UFO Research (FUFOR) and has
strongly endorsed th e auth e n ticity of Ed Walt ers' Gulf Breeze UFO pho tos. To overcome this
weakness, Maccabee argu es that one should calculate the ratio of a spec ific feature length in
the MJ-12~ignaturc (() tl;lc ~\llllC r~· aturc in the !-\Cnuine Truman signature . Mac cabee states that
"if the signatures were th e same and one [i .e. MJ -12] is magnified non· unifor mly with respect
to the other (e .g. vertical magnification slightl y different from horizontal magnification) then
all predominantly vertical ra ti os should equ al or be very close to one valu e !i .e. the same) and
all predominantly horizonta l ra tios should equal or be close to another value ."

        Using this approach , Maccabee's own measurements (which dirler slightly froru ones he
made earlier) he calculates that the horizontal ratios vary from 1.012 to 1.036- -a variation
of less th an 3%, while verti cal ratios var y from 0.98 to 1.092- -about 11 %. THIS PROMPTS
MACCABEE TO CONCLUDE : "THE DATA DO NOT SUPPORT THE C LAIM THAT THE
SIGNATURES ARE IDENTI CAL. "

       But Maccabee's basic approa ch is challenged by Dr. Willy Smith , a long-time pro-
UFOlogist who earlier challenged Maccabee's strong endorsement of the Walters' Gulf Breeze
UFO photos.    Smith notes that many of the feature dimensions used by Maccabee are .!!Q1
completely horizontal or vertical and that "slanted lines will be affected .. .(b y) unknown vertical
and horizontal magnifications, " in turn dependent on their angle s rclaLi v~: Lo the horizontal.

         Instead, Smith suggests one should calculate the horizontal and verti ca l comvon ents of key
feature dimensions and then culwlate the ratios of one spt:cific f.:utur.: lu Ulluthc:r feature ON TJI/:.'
SAME SIGNATURE. Smith 's rationale is that whatever magnifications / d is tortions exist in the
signature being analy ze d. th e ~· arn e magni [ications I distortions occurred to A LL ho rizontal/ vertical
 features of the same specim
                          0
                                en .

      BA S ED ON THI S M O RE SC I EN TIFI C A PPROACH, SMITH CON CLUDES THAT THE
M/·12 TRUMdN SlGNti TUBL. -·1ND Ttff...QJiLQ.J:iill.L.!:if.lli!f NF .TBJ..!.f..LLNLE.I.IEJLLQ R {!S fl
HAVE "A COMMON ANCESTRY." IN OTHER WORDS. THE MJ -12 TRUMA N MJ:..'MQ IS A t/UAX.

       After devoting many pages to explaining away sucb criticisms of tbe MJ -12 Tnamao
memo· -some of which have c;<!me from skeptical pro· U FOlogists-- at the end of the
Moore/ Sbandera report they,. ADMIT THAT THEY NOW BELl EVE THERE IS A BETTER
THAN 50 % PROBABILITY THAT THE MJ -12 TRUMAN MEMO IS A ~- RAUO. BUT IF SO.
MOORE/SHANOERA STATE IT "VERY PROBABLY (IS] OFFICIAL OISINFQRMATION. "
TilE POSSIIHLIIY TIIAT TilE COUNTEKft:IT ()OCUMENJS WERE CHEATED UY
PERSON(S) TRYING TO PROMOTE PUBLIC BELIEF IN CMASH EO SAUCERS IS NOT
EVEN MENTIONED. SEEMINGLY THAT WOULD BE TOO FAR-FETCHED!


 "'

      t' •
                                                                                                           ·-
                                                   -4-


       The other MJ - 12 document-- which purports to be a briefing paper by Rear Adm . R.H .
Hillenkoetler intended for President-elect Eisenhower- -specifically refers to the Truman memo
of Sept. 24 which Moore I Shandera now admit may be a counterfeit . Does this shake their
confidence in the authenticity of the Hillenkoetter briefing document? NOT REALLY. If the
Truman memo is a counterfeit, then obviously it was "substituted" for the uwhentic Trumun m emo
a.r part of the Government's UFO diJinformation <'[fort.

       Moore / Shandera conclude on pag e 70 of their report that tht!re is a oO- 65% probabilit y
that the MJ-12 Trum a n mem o is counterfeit, but only 25% that the Hilknkoetter briding
document is the same genre. In mid-1987, Shand<:>ra was quoting lJO % pr o bability that b ot h
documents were authentic. and Stanton Friedman was quoting 95 %.

                                                 .. .
       Recall the reaction to th e Mo o re / Shandcra MJ -12 report by Jerry C lark, editor of the
Hynek Center for UFO Studies (CU FOS) publi ca ti o n, International UFO Reporter : "i t look s us
if Moore, Shandera and their associates have all but obliterated every skepticul argument todate ."
(Did Clark read page 70 ? )

       Rumor has it that Clark is suffering "mixed emotions" over recent developments in the
"Roswell crashed-saucer busine ss ." (Recall th e old definition of "mixed ..:motions": Watching
your mother-in-law drive ov~.:r a ~lt.:ep cliff in your new Cadillac convcrt•ulc.) Clark h.~~ lung
had close relationship with Moore, but open warfare has broken out bctwecn Moore/Shandera
uuJ Ouu Schmill / Kcviu Ruudh.: uvcr the lutlcr'o upwtuiug ucw IJUuk uu tho.: "1\u:.wcll ll·l'lhl· J ·
saucer" incident.   Schmill is director of special investigations   for CUFOS, which has
financially supported the Schmill/ Randle investigation. But Schmitt is sharply critical of the
Ed Walters/Gulf Breeze phows, which Clark ea rlier embraced .

        Adding to the confusing internecine crashed- saucer warfare, Stanton Friedman- - Moore's
long -time partner in the Ro~wcll case-- not only has broken with Moor dS handera over their
sharp criticism of Schmitt / Randle [See SUN # 6 ], but Friedman rep o rtedly has decided to write
his own Roswell crashed-saucer boo k, in collaboration with Don Berliner . Berliner is a longr
time hard-line pro-UFOlogist who was active in NICAP during the 1960s .

                                                •••
UFOLOGICAL RIDDLE: What's the differen ce between Iraq 's Saddam Hu ssein and MUFON's
Walt Andrus (who continues to endorse the Gulf Brca.c / Walters ca:-.c) 'l T h\· iU! SW t;r ; Sj,,ld ,,m
is not :?0 stubbvrn as to forcclos~; thli pv:)sibility thill ht; mi~h\ ~omc tby ;td mi! hi$ Gulf Gvvf!

                                                ...
                                                  ,


BUDD HOPKI NS DISCOVERS THA 1~ __ET's ARE OBSESSED WITH SEXUA L ORGANS

        Afte r a dec a de of r es e arch into "UFO -abductions," Budd H v pkins has made a
remarkable    discovery .        Despite many decades of (alleged) abductions and physical
examinations, ET's continu~ ~o Qc, interested only in the genitals of their subjects aqd ibow
absolutely no i t: •.e rest in the human heart which we dum-dum Earthling§. consider to btt one of
the key organs . Hopkins reveals his discovery in the second issue of his "Intruders Foundation"
newsletter IF. {When Hopkins so licited sub scriptio ns for the newslette r in mid-1989, he said
it would be published quarterl y. But during the intervening 18 months, only two issues have
appeared . Hopkins explains the delay was .:aused by his "lack of computer literacy.")


       ;•   ..
                                                                  -5-


       The fact that none of the "abductees" report that the ETs showed any interest in
examining "the organ (i .e . heart] we universally consider to be of s upreme importance,"
according to Hopkins, "effectively demolishes the skeptics' mundane 'fantasy explanation' for
the UFO abduction phenomenon ." This obsessive ET interest in the genital areas of abduct.:cs
seemingly shows that former Vice President Spiro Agnew 's Law (slightly paraphrased) does not
apply to ETs: "WHEN YOU'VE SEEN ONE GENITAL AREA YOU 'V E SEEN THEM ALL." (A
few SUN readers may have reason to t<Jke exception to Agnew's Law .)

        Having thus demolish e d !!l!.Y prosa ic explanation for UFO-abduction tales, Hopkins
lashes out at skeptics for "clinging to th~ir debunking theory at any cost (they) are doing
violence not only to the truth itself hut also to thl: psychological wL:II - h~?in~ of those who h;m:
suffered from these traum<Jtic L:xperiences ... the skeptic's behavior to his l.:llow man may now
truly dcservl: to bl: thought uf as ' hl:<trtkss, "' Jccording to Hopkin~. (We Illspt:ct thut Hupkins
t:UIIsiJcrs     UFU·uiJJlldlon .\At'JIII!" .I t/ .\ /Jt ' l/16 tTOI 111urc ilt'uttlns tliun Sudc/11111 1111 .\.\Clll.)

         Hopkin s' new s letter reports highlight s of his discussions with some of his suhjects
during a meeting of what hl: calls a "s upport grtlup. " One suhject comrn.:nted: "I feel basically
like thc!>C guys [L:T~I ruineJ IllY lile ... l was a ve1 y bright, VL:IY siu.:e1c icllt~,lous ~1J, .111d I
turned iuto a juvenile delinquent, und evcntuJIIy a drug aJdii:t." [If Fd W,d!q~, the f.111wu~
Gulf Breeze UFO photo.,grapher reads this, he will have a convenient explanation for why he
was convicted and jailed for forgery and car theft in his youth.]

        Edward Bullard, whose Ph .D . is in folklore, is quite certain that UFO-abduction tales
are not folklore / fantasy,  as he explains in the same issue of !..L. "If abductions were
hypnotically enhanced fantasies, the products of fantasy- prone people, or yarns stitched
together out of images borrowed from movies, the handiwork of imagination would be evident.
In fact it is not. Instead of a kaleidoscopic variety of creative fantasy, we see the stubborn
consistency more characteristic of accual experience." (Emphasis added .)

        Bullard's .. claim is contradicted in the newsletter's opening article by Hopkins who
describes "John's" tale of childhood abduction: "The beings were white, with glowing blue eyes.
f ET's are typically described as ha~·ing gray-colorskins and large black eyes . j They did wear those
cloaks, like black Halloween costumes I ETs more typically are reported to wear aviator type
jumpsuits or astronaut type spacesuits.}, not high-tech but loose-weave, so flimsy I could see their
white surface through them . They (ETs] were streamlined, beautiful 1no mention of their being
extremely shore or having large bald heads J. ..l thought they were soldiers." Hopkins accepts
"John's" story despite it being so very atypical? Bullard 1gnores it, and others like it.


UNIVERSITY OF KANSAS TO SPONSOR "UFO-ABDUCTION" CONFERENCE

       Third conference on "Treatment and Research of Experienced Anomalous Trauma"
(TREAT-III) will be herd in Kansas City, Mar . 7-10, with a two-day pre-conference workshop
on Mar. 5-6. Conference arranger is Dr. Rima E . Laibow, a Dobbs Ferry, N .Y. psychiatrist who
was a close associate [dare we say "bosom buddy"] of Budd Hopkins until they split in late 1989
over whether "abduction victims" should be treated by trained psychotherapists (who would be
paid for their services) or by "more understanding and experienced" U FO-abductionists like
Hopkins and Jacobs, who w9~ld f not charge for their services-- but could use case files for 11
book. (Saucer Smear editor lim Moseley has reported that Laibow believes she herself is a UFO-
abduction victim and when I sought Laibow's response she did !1QL categorically deny his claim.l

      For Laibow's earlier TREAT-II conference, . held Feb . 1-4, llJlJO, she invited s1x oro-
UFOlogists, including Stanton Friedman, to speak but no experienced U FO-skeptic . Possibly


  ,,..

         ' ..
,
                                                            -6-


    Laibow feared that having a single UFO-skeptic on the podium might make a conference on
    UFO-abductions seem a "bit kookie" or that it might poison the mind s of the aud ienc.: .
    Although Laibow and I have a cordial relationship, I ' ve not been invitcd to speak at TREAT.
    III. (But then would you invite a skunk to a/lend your garden party!)

           The upcoming pre-conference workshop will have two sessions: one "for clinicians" will
    offer an "intensive course in the manifestations,      diagnosis, treatment and course of
    Experienced Anomalous Trauma ."       Completion of this course "will serve as pan of tho:,
    requirement for certification in the treatment of Experienced Anomalous Trauma."

            For "non-dini<.:iuns"· · a l..'uphcmistic rdcr~:u<.:c to UFOiogislS, abductl:l' S and the curiuu~· ·
    the preconference workshop will offer an "intensive course in the full spectrum of Experienced
    Anomalous Trauma as seen within, and outside , our culture."
                                                          •••
    HOPKINS, JACOBS HOLD OWN UFO-ABDUCTION CONFERENCE

            In an effort to promote the U FOlogist's approach to dealing with "abductees," Hopkins
    and his principal disciple, David Jacob s , a history professor at Temple University, scheduled
    their own National Conference on Anomalous Experience, a "private, invitation-only event,"
    for Jan. 18-20, near Philadelphia . According to a flyer promoting the event, the conference
    would feature "leading researchers from around the country," including Hopkins, Jacobs,
    Bullard, pro- U FOlogist Michael Swords and Dr. John Mack, professor of psychiatry at Harvard
    University.

           Slightly more than 40 persons attended, including psychologist Richard Haines, a long-
    time pro- UFOlogist who has become a practicing "UFO-abductionist," and sociologist Roo
    Westrum, another pro- UFOlogist. Nine physicians who attended included Dr. David Gotlib,
    of Toronto, whose practice focuses on depression and anxiety disorders. Gotlib was a feature
    speaker at last summer's MUFON conference in Pensacola .

            According to one p;1rLicipant, during th~: conference Budd Hopkin ~ warned that when
    children tell their parents tales of UFO abduction , the parents should not tell the children that
    the jncjdegt   Willi   only il d(l.'il!ll!


    WHITLEY STRI£ilER               S EE ~S      TO WITHDH. Ah' F ROM UFOLOGY--IF ETs WILL LET HIM

            Whitle y Striebt:r rej e cted an in vitation to speak to an "Adult Continuing Education"
    course on UFOs , s ponsored by the Mount Vernon (N.Y.) Public Schools, responding that "A UFO
    symposium is a complete waste of time.             All you will do is aid the spread of lies and
    misinforrn<.tion."   Strieber noted that he had produced two books and a movie on his "visitor"
    cxpcrictH.:cl) auJ muJc uuuJ~<.:J~ uf 111<.:Jia o.pcricu~:o. "Tht.: ul:l toull vf 1111 lUi~ i~ llh!.l l illll
    a ~ublic lswg,hingstock, il d~ s pi ~ d out s idt.!r both to the UFO and sci..:ntific <.:ommuniti~;s, and
    still facing the visitors alone in the middle of th~ n ight with hardly a clue. " (Emphasis added.)

            Strieber, who earlier. b~o k;t . with his UFO-abduction mentor Budd Hopkins, adds: "The
    truth is, nobody knows the u'rigin of the visitor perception, and few of the present 'experts'
    have anything approaching the combination of intelligence, imugioation and education that
    will be necessary if under s tanding is ever to be advanced."      (These actributes are ones that
    Strieber believes he himself has in very abundant supply.) Strieber said he "no longer make(~)
    public appearances" on UFOs


           t' •
                                                        -7-


BLUM'S BOOK "OUT THERE" GENERATES NEW BOOK CATEGORY

          Bookrak, a Jefferson City, Mo ., mail-order house found it difficult to categori Le H r•wMd
Blum's book "Out There" as either "fiction" or "non-fiction," though Blum and his publi~her
in~i11t il is "non-fi~:tion.'' In ittl <tdvcrti:-.c1ncnl fllr an iludio-ril:-.:.cttc vl·r ~. i,,n of "Out ThL·tc ,·
Buukrak chara~:lcriLcs il as "Nuu-l·kltuul".

        Blum's book (reviewed in SUN #5) claim s the CIA and Pentagon s ucce~sfully u ~ cJ
"psychics" to pinpoint the locations of submerged U.S. and Soviet submarines . Why didn ' t the
Pentagon consult the se ps ychi cs when they were trying to locate Iraq's mobile Scud tactic.ll
mi~~ilc IJutH.:hcr~'! Nur JiJ Uri ljcllcr, Jll biJl·li, vuluutccr hi:;, ,tllq.;,L·d l' \ )dt i, l''mL' I \ ,,, h,·lp
defend his homeland by pinpointing the mi ssile launchers? (One possible explanation for Geller
is that not only did his psychic powers fail to alert him to the upcoming Gulf war, but he was
unaware that his homeland was under attack.)
                                                      •••
MUFON OFFICIAL OFFERS NEW THEORY TO EXPLAIN "UFO ABDUCTIONS"

        Don Ware, a key MUFON investigator on the Ed Walters Gulf Breeze case, has a novel
theory to explain why ETs are abducting Earthlings and why some ETs are reported to resemble
Earthlings. During a panel discussion at the MUFON conference in Pensacola last July 8, Ware
said: "I have recently acquired the view that we're not going to be able to figure out what's
going on until we can learn to accept the idea of reincarnation."

        Ware went on to say: "I suspect there are some beings that have been referred to in the
literature as 'watk-ins'- -that is a more highly evolved soul that has been reincarnated in <1
human body. I am starting to speculate ... tbat the (ET] hybridization program has a definite
purpose and that purpose may involve providing a suitable body, or vehicle. to bouse our souls
tn a future incarnation ." Did the audience gasp? No, it applauded .

       Later, in response to a question from the audience, Ware said: "There is indication that
two different government agents have told us that 6.000.000 Americans have been on board [a
UFO! whether they realize it or not." [How sad to be privileged to go aboard an ET craft without
being able to remember the remarkable event! j

                                                      •••
NEW CRASHED SAUCER "WITNESS" IS HAILED BY STANTON FRIEDMAN

       Gentld Ander;~oo, a Springfield, Mo., resident who claims th11t 11s 11 child he and four
other family members discovered a crashed saucer and four aliens 75 miles southwest or
Albuquerque In early July, 1947, bas been characterized as "potentially the most Important"
crashed-sllucer witness yet uncovered, by Stanton Friedman. The Dec. 9, 1990, edition or the
Springfield News- Luder quotes Friedman as saying: "There's no way he could know some or
tbeu tbiggs uuless be bad been there ut the time,"

        Anderson's account seems-- at least to Friedman- ·to con firm the less well known of two
crashed- saucer tales, describe .'! irr the book "The Roswell Incident," co· authored by William L.
Moore and Charles Berlitz. This is the alleged crashed saucer, discovered on the San Agustin
Plains, west of Socorro, by Barney Barnett· -long deceased· ·according to Barnett's friend L.W.
Maltais. According to Maltais, while Barnett was viewing the crashed-saucer, be was joined by
a party of archaeologist! from au eastern university. Later, miliary personnel arrived, ordered
them to depart and swore them to secrecy.
                                                    -a-


        According to the Springfield newspaper account, "Anderson says be was unaware of
ongoing fascination and controversy over the strange episode from his childhood" until he
chanced to see the TV program "Unsolved Mysteries" which featured the two alleged crashed·
saucer Incidents in New Mexico in mid-1947. According to Anderson, there were numerous
errors in the TV account. He said "I figured that if people were still interested in this thing
they might as well get it straight," so be called an 800 number that was shown on the screen and
informed the operator of the errors.

          Soon Anderson received a call from Friedman, who had been an advisor for the TV show.
According to the newspaper, Friedman "was struck by correlations between Anderson's
recollections and obscure ddllils Friedman uncovered while sleuthing for a book to be published
next year lliJIJ lj." According to Anderson, be was a child of five at the lime and wa~
&al'(lllllpltnlrd hy hi~ fnlhrr, uu\'1,·, hrolhrr 111111 ruu ., in. Rr~trrllilhly, idl of lhr ulhn wilno~n
are now deceased. Anderson duim~ that two of the ETs were dead, oue wu~ dyin~ and one wa!l
not injured.

        One obvious discrepancy (which does not appear to bother Friedman). According to the
Burnell account, he was the first to discover the crushed saucer and was soon joined by a ~roup
of archaeologists from an eastern university before the military arrived .     H~troett did out
mention seeing the five member Anderson family group. And Anderson's account· -as reported
in the Springfield newspaper·· claims his family v.roup was the first to discover the crashed
saucer, and were soon joined by the archaeologists and later the military arrived. No mention
of hyvlng >un Bl!rn~:!t. 'who n;portedly rest:mhled Pr~:ijd~nt Trumau.

       One possible explunullun (ur this seeminJ! discrevuncy ts thut the Andasun (umlly llltstuyk.
Barne:t for a surviving ET. and Barnett in turn concluded that the Andersons were an ET family.


UFO POTPOURRI:

 •      Gulf Breeze UFO photographer Ed Walters, who earlier announced plans to publish a UFO
newsletter, failed to attract sufficient subscribers and has decided to abandon the project. But
"Honest Ed" reports he is making refunds to those who sent him checks.

 •      Forecast of articles-to-come in the most recent issue (Autumn, 1990) of Whitley Strieber'S,
newsletter ("The Communion Leuer") included : "Tales of mysterious airships over Whitley Strieber's
hometown in the 1890s ." Were ETs looking [or Whitley even before he wus born?

  •     Dr. David Cotlib , Torontu M .D . who spuke on his work with "UFO-abductees" at last
summer's MUFON conference in Pensacola, publishes a monthly newsleuer titled "Bulletin of
Anomalous Experience."        The September issue, describing his experiences at the MUFON
conference, reported on our brief corridor conversation after I complimented him on his talk. Gotlib
commented that our discussion enabled him to "understand why people dislike him [Klass J so much."
He added: "If integrity were money, he would be one of the truly needy." Clearly Gotlib is a very
perceptive man.

THE VIEWS EXPRESSED ABOVEf'1.RE THOSE OF THE EDITOR AND DO NOT NECESSARILY
REPRESENT THOSE OF AN'fOTHER ORGANIZATION WITH WHICH HE IS AFFILIATED
(OR HIS SPOUSE).

SKEPTICS UFO NEWSLETTER <SUN) IS PUBLISHED BIMONTHLY. SUBSCRIPTION
RATE (SIX ISSUES) IS $15,000,000 FOR "UFO· BEL.EVERS" OR $15 FOR "UFO-SKEPTICS".
(Those seeking lower rat~ need no longer pass four Polygraph Tests. One will suffice.)


       ;.'   ..
