{"created_utc": "2026-09-22T11:04:37Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 567299, "source_ctime_ns": 1788587720949692583, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-27-May-1994-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788587720933242138, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-27-May-1994-.pdf", "source_sha256": "e40cf6619cfc12359c0eaa5b2d3d2d61492de4a4ab05474eaa1c432c2a274c5f"}

·-
     S     KEPTICS
           By Phthp J. Klass
                 •   •
                               UFO              NEWSLETTER
                                                ~,,~
                                                1 :" J   '             (: iJ          , ,, ,.,.., :;.. ..... ,..('/'A ,I
                                                             , Si ~·1r. , ;as~. ~·:-·'; iA .:~vt-
                                                               0   •           /i ,
                                                                                                                           SUN #27

                                                                                                                           May 1994

                                                                                                                           COPYRIGHT
                                                                                                                           (1994)


           RANDLE/SCHMITT UNVEIL NEW ROSWELl.. .. CRASHED SAUCER"
           SCENARIO BASED ON DUBIOUS "NEW WITNESS.. TALES

                   IF the new Roswell "crashed saucer" scenario proposed by Kevin Randle and Don
           Schmitt in their new book "The Truth About The UFO Crash At Roswell" is really true, much
           of what you've read about the incident in previously published articles and books, including
           their own book "UFO Crash At Roswell" published in 1991, is seriously in error. But don't
           throw out the first R/ S book yet. It is educational to compare different claims attributed to
           the same person in the two books. For example, in the new book (p. 12): "Kaufmann said that
           he knew what was in the crate: the fETJ bodies recovered at the impact site. " But on p. 166 of their
           first book (R/S #1) they wrote: "He f Kaufmann] didn't know what was in the crate."

                    To better understand the drastic change in the nl'w R / S Roswt'll scenario, it is u seful
           to ncall the "time-line" originally ginn by rancher "Mac" Brazel, who discovered the debris
           that triggered the "Roswell Incident."          Brazel was interviewed in the offices of the Roswell
           Daily Record on the enning of Tuesday, July 8, 19-t7 and the resulting article was published
           in its July 9 edition. ".... Brazel related that on June 14 he and an 8-yearold son, Vernon, were about
           7 or 8 miles from the ranch house of the J.B. Foster ranch, which he operates, when they came upon
           a large area of bright wreckage made up on (sic) rubber strips, tinfoil, a rather tough paper and
           sticks. (Emphasis added . ) [In R/S #1, it was claimed that Brazel first discovered the debris on
           July 3 but this changes to~ in R/S #2. According to Brazel himself, it was June 14.)

                   "At the time Brazel was in a hurry to get his round (sicj made and he did not p ay m uch
           attention to it. But he did remark about what he had seen and on July 4 he, his wife, Vernon and a
           daughter Betty, age 14, went back to the spot and gathered up quite a bit of the debris. The next day
           [July 5) he first heard about the flying disks, and he wondered if what he had found might be the
           remnants of one of these. [SUN Note: Because Brazel did not have a radio in the ranch house,
           he had not previously heard of Kenneth Arnold's June 24 sighting.]

                   "Monday [July 7] he came to town [Roswell] to sell some wool and while here he went to see
           sheriff George Wilcox and 'whispered kinda confidential like' that he mighl have found a flying
           disk. Wilcox got in touch with the Roswell Army Air Field, and Maj. Jesse A. Marcel and a man in
           plain clothes accompanied him home, where they picked up the rest of the pieces of the 'disk' and
           went to his home to try to reconstruct it .... Then Major Marcel brought it to Rosweil... • [SUN Note:
           R/S #2, like R/S #1 and the book "Crash At Corona," by Stanton T. Friedman and Don Ber-
           liner, claims that Brazel came to Roswell on Sunday, July 6. His primary purpose for the trip
           was to arrange to sell wool, and dealers would be closed for the three-day holiday.)

           New Scenario Claims Crashed Saucer and ET Bodies Were Recovered
           Near Roswell BEFORE Brazel Ca~m, Yet Nobody Told Marcel

                   According to Jim Ragsdale, one of R/ S's new "first- band witnesses," the flying saucer
           crashed shortly before midnight on Friday ~--NOT on the Brazel ranch near Corona as
           claimed in R/S #1, biJt,f'oufhly 40 miles south, only 35 miles from Roswell. Ragsdale, who
           claims be and his girl friend were out camping in the desert despite the danger of rattlesnakes,
           says they got into their jeep and managed to find a ravine where they saw the crashed craft
           which they assumed was an aircraft. But because or faltering flashlight batteries, according
           to Ragsdale, they did not go down for a closer look and returned to their campsite. Apparently
           it never occurred to Ragsdale to drive to nearby Roswell to report the crash and ask that an
           ambulance be sent lo the site. At dawn the next morning, Ragsdale says be and his girl friend
           returned to the site and noted "bodies," but offered no count of how many.
      ·'
     "'
                                                                                                                    - .. - ..    ...
                                                                                       ·- .. - ·· - - · -··· -··--·- - ------- ··- ---
                                                                                                                          -~ -

                                                                                                                                         ··-·~····   · ·--·


Skcpt ics UT'O News letter                      -2-                                                  May 1994


        R/ S report on p. 6 of their new book that a group of archaeologists, headed by Dr. W.
Curry Holden, "stumbled upon the (crashed saucer] site about dawn on the mornin{! of July 5. "
Curiously, Ragsdale does not mention seeing the group of archaeologists, nor did Holden recall
seeing Ragsdale and his girl friend. Not until page 108 do R/S inform their readers that
Holden was 96 years old when be was first "discovered" and interviewed: "Holden, when inter-
viewed in 1992, said that he had been there. He could remember nothing about the event, other than
that he had been there and seen it aii .... Later, both his wife and daughter said that he was easily
confused. Memories from his life were jumbled and reordered, and he had never mentioned to
either one, that he had been involved in a flying saucer crash." But never mind, according to R/ S
#2, "Holden sent one of the students back to the main highway with orders to find a phone and alert
the local authorities, either the sheriff or the police, that they had found an aircraft accident."

         Meanwhile, according to Ragsdale, shortly after dawn on July 5, a large military
contingent arrived at the Impact Site and quickly threw up a cordon of military police. Under
the direction of the base provost marshall, Maj. Edwin Easley (now deceased), "complete access
to the impact site, the immediate area where the object had crashed, was restricted to those with the
highest clearance and a real need to know," acc ording to R / S #2 . Yet according to Ragsdale,
none of Easley's MPs spotted him and his girl friend or their jeep in the barren desert area.

        Mrs. Frankie Rowe, who R/S (erroneously) refer to as a "first-band witness," claims that
her late father (a city fireman), after receiving a call from sheriff Wilcox, was dispatched to
the Impact Site where he was joined by city and state police. According to Rowe, her father
not only got close enough to see the craft but also the ET bodies. Several years later, according
to Rowe, a local civilian contractor told her father that he bad been painting the base hospital
on the afternoon of July 5 when he saw a live ET walk into the hospital- -unescorted.

      BY NOON ON SATURDAY, JULY 5--ACCORDING TO THE NEW R/S SCENARIO--
MANY ROSWELL CIVILIANS AND DOZENS OF MILITARY PERSONNEL WHO HAD BEEN
INVOLVED IN RECOVERY OPERATIONS KNEW ABOUT THE CRASHED SAUCER ONLY
35 MILES NORTHWEST OF ROSWELL. APPARENTLY NOBODY THOUGHT TO INFORM
BASE INTELLIGENCE OFFICER MAJOR JESSE MARCEL, OR BASE COMMANDER COL.
WILLIAM BLANCHARD.

        But two days later (or one day later by R/S's time-line), when rancher Brazel arrived
at sheriff Wilcox's office to report the curious debris be had found, Wilcox did think to call,
which resulted in Marcel coming to the sherifrs office and his making a 3+ hour drive to the
Brazel ranch to pick up a modest amount of debris. Thus Mar: el, who bas been the principal
witness in previous accounts of the "Roswell Incident," now becomes a secondary figure in the ·
new R/S scenario. Although R/S #2 now claims that many of Roswell' s civilians, with no need-
to-know, either visited the "Impact Site" or subsequently were told of the crashed saucer by
friends or family members who bad been to the site, apparently word of this startling discovery
never reached Maj. Marcel through official or unofficial channels. Nor did word leak to either
of Roswtll's two newspapers or two radio stations.

Frank J. Kaufmann Emerges As A Principal First- Hand Witness Under
                                                              II                                II


Pseudonym Steve MacKenzie" In New R IS Scenario
                      II


        Probably the most import~nt "newly discovered first- hand witness" on which the new
R/ S scenario is based is really an old "witness" cited in R/ S #1 who bas come up with many oe"·
exciting details: Frank J. Kaufmann, whose new revelations are attributed to "Steve
MacKenzie." R IS claim that at the last minute this key witness requested anonymity because
"of a former CIA employee who in November 1922, injected himself into the Roswell case. He
traveled to Roswell to interview witnesses .... and has made a number of negative statements about th e
witnesses he did interview. • This R/ S statement might easily prompt readers to conclude that
this person was acting in behalf of the CIA to discredit a key R/S witness. But this is false.
  ·'
 "'
       f'.
      Skeptics UFO Newsletter                         -3-                                          May 1994

              The person to whom R/S refer is Karl Pflock, a long-time pro- UFOiogist who did work
      for the CIA after graduating from college and who also was actin in the Washington chapter
      of NICAP, then the nation's largest pro- UFO group- -which had its headquarters in Washington.
      Pflock served as a Special Assistant for Defense, Space, and Science and Technology to then-
      Congressman Ken Kramer, a ranking member of the House Committee on Armed Services.
      Later Pflock served as a Deputy Asst. Secretary of Defense from 1985-89. Now retired and
      living in Albuquerque, Pflock bas been researching the Roswell incident, partially funded by
      the Fund for UFO Research (FUFOR), which earlier funded some of R/S's Roswell efforts. In
      a closing chapter of R/S #2, the authors write: "But the real damage done by this man and his
      supporters at the Fund ffor UFO Research] concerns the eyewitness testimony. Because of his
      intervention, we lost permission to use one man's name in the text of this work. •

              Pflock is married to Marv Martinek, a senior member of the staff of C ongressman Steve
      Schiff, who instigated the present GAO investigation into the Roswell Incident. [See SUN
      #26 / March 1994.) FUFOR, reportedly, will soon publish a \\' hite Paper based on the results of
      Pflock's investigation, which will raise doubts about the credibility of Ragsdale's story.

                   Despite the use of the pseudonym "Steve MacKenzie" to try to cloak the identity of their
      "new first- band witness, • R/S unwittingly leave too many clues wbicb identify him as Frank
      J. Kaufmann. For example, in R/S #1, Kaufmann reported that his friend, Warrant Officer
       Robert Thomas, bad come to Roswell on a "special flight from Washington" on the morning of
      .JJ!.!..y_!. In R/ S #2, Warrant Officer Thomas reportedly called "MacKenzie" to say be was flying
      into Roswell from Washington, and be arrived in Roswell on ~--some hours before the
       UFO allegedly crashed. (Apparently Thomas was "clairvoyant" and knew in advance that the
      UFO would crash near Roswell.)

      SUN Visits Roswell For R IS Press Conference And Interviews Kaufmann

              SUN's Editor visited Roswell on March 25 to cover an R / S press conference for their new
      book. in the hope of hearing some of the new "first / second-hand witnesses" describe their
      (alleged) experiences and respond to questions. But none did so, although Schmitt later told
      SUN that three of the new witnesse s were present at the conference. However , SUN had the
      opportunity to talk with Kaufmann before the conference and to drive out to the Impact Site
      with Mrs. Frankie Rowe- -daughter of the Roswell fireman who (allegedly) \o'isited the Impact
      Site.

              According to Kaufmann. before leaving the military service in 1945 he had been based
      at Ro swell. When Sll N asked whether he was enlisted or a commissioned officer, Kaufmann
      replied: "my rank fit the occasion. • After leaving the service, Kaufmann said he worked at- the
      base "on special assignment under the command of General Scanlon. • [At tbe time of the "Roswell
      Incident," Brig. Gen. Scanlon was the public relations officer for the Air Defense Command.)
      When Kaufmann was asked the nature of his work 47 years ago at Roswell, be refused to say.
      But be did say: "/didn 't work on radar, I wasn 't a mechanic. I wasn 't a pilot. •

            When SUN mentioned a mao "referred to as MacKenzie" io the new Randle/Schmitt book,
      Kaufmann quickly responded: "/ don't know MacKenzie . • When SUN said: "You don't know
      MacKenzie, • be replied: "No, my name is Kaufmann."

              According to ~IS #f., "MacKenzie" played a vitally important role io the "Roswell
      Incident." On July 2, ··J(1acKeozie" (allegedly) "received a call from Brigadier General Martin
      F. Scanlon of the Air Defense Command, ordering him to report to the radar sites at White Sands"
      [Army Base, roughly 11111 miles southwest of Roswell]. The reason was that a mysteriously
      acting unidentified craft reportedly had been dett'cted on its radar. "MacKenzie was to monitor
      the object's movements and report them directly to the general. MacKenzie could not leave the scope
      unattended [or even the shortest o[ times. In (act, once his watch had been established, he set up a
      system o[ mirrors so that he could see the screen even when he needed to use the latrine. • (Emphasis
      added .) [SUN Comment: Obviously "MacKenzie" is a very inventive fellow.)
...
      ,...
                                                                                                    ... .. .... --. ·- --····· _... _. ..... ..
                                                                                                                                              ~=~--.


Skeptics UFO Newsletter                         -4-                                                Mav 1994

        "MacKenzie" (allegedly) was lold by
Gen. Scanlon to abandon his 24- hour radar
watch on July 4 and return to Roswell. Ac-
cording to R/ S, only nine men "with the
highest clearance and real need to know" were
allowed full access to the Impact Site.
Naturally, VIP "MacKenzie" was one of
them. He told R/S be saw one live ET with
a "damned serene look on its face ... like it was
at peace with the world."

        "MacKenzie" claims he also accom-
panied one shipment of bodies in a C- 54
which left "at two or three in the morning"
for Andrews Army Air Field near Washing-
ton D.C. When the C- 54 arrived, "the crate
was unloaded, again under the cover of dark-
                                                      Frank J . Kaufmann (1.) denies he is star witness "Steve
ness." [SUN Note: The C-54could not possi-            MacKenzie" wbo reportedly saw crashed saucer and five ET
bly have flown that distance in time to               bodies. Don Schmitt (r.) is co-author of new book .
reach Andrews before daylight.]

       According to R/S #2, the pilot who flew the ET bodies to Washington was Capt. Oliver
W. ("Pappy") Henderson. But according to R/S #1, "Captain 0. W. 'Puppy' Henderson flew a
C-54 load of wreckage on to Wright Field."

        According to R/ S #1, Master Sergeant Lewis S. Rickett was dispatched to the Brazel
ranch on the morning of July 8 to collect more of the debris. But in R/S #2, Rickett goes
instead t.o the impact Silt·- -three days after it bad been "cleaned and secured." On p. 139 of
R/S #2, the authors write: "By the time Rickett urri~·ed fat the Impact Site] on July 8, the vast
majority of the debris had been collected, but there were still some pieces scattered around. • Yet
on p. 9, R/S report that Rickett "said that the craft had a curved front and a wide wing with a
bat/ike trailing edge. There was a rip or hole in the left side." Rickett is widely guoted in R/S #1,
but there is no mention anvwhere in the first book that be (allegedly) had seen the crashed
saucer. (Perhaps his memory was sparked by R/S's search for more "first-band witnesses.")

         In the first book. based on information obtained from Benrly Bean , daughter of the late
Sergeant Meh·in E. Brown who had been based at Roswell , R / S reported that ET bodies found
on the Brazel ranch "were ioaded into the back of one of the trucks ... .About dusk, Sergeant Melvin
E. Brown and one other soldier were stationed in the truck with orders not to look under the tarp."
(Empha sis add.:d .) But this version 11as at odds with the tale of mortician Glenn Dennis, that
the bodies were brought to the ba~e hospital in old military ambulances. So, in R / S #'2. !.!!..f.
script is convenientlv changed: "The bodies were placed fin body bags] in the rear of old box-type
ambulances to be driven to the base hospital. Sergeant Melvin E. Brown was ordered to climb into
one of the ambulance:; but to /cave the body bags alone." (Emphasi s added.)

        R / S seem intentionally vague about the relationship of the debris found by ranchrr
Brazel and the ET craft (allegedly) found -tO miles to the south. If the material found on the
Brazel ranch had the remarkable strength claimed b) Marcel in his later years, the large
number of small fragmt·nt~ found
                               . . .,. 'f'<.JUid suggest that they resulted from a horrendous explosion
on board the craft. If so, presulnably the pilot would immediately have attempted an emergency
landing near the Brazel ranch. Instead the (dum· dum) ET opted to fly the bad I~ disabled craft
for 4(1 miles O\er large)~ l'lat turain onl~ to crash into a high cliff.

        If a crashed saucer bad been found 40 miles south of the debris field on the Brazel
ranch, tbe "retrieval teaqt" surely would have spent many days searching along the 40-mile
flight patb between the two sites, looking for more debris and perhaps even an ET who might
have parachuted to safety. Yet no such search effort is reported by R/S's "witnesses.•
  ...
        ..
     Skeptics UFO Newsletter                            -5-                                            May 1994


             According to "MacKenzie," who emerges as R/S's most important "first-band witness,"
     there were fin ET bodies (p. 10). But according to Mrs. Frankie Rowe, her late father (the
     fireman) told her be saw one lin ET and two ET bodies at the Impact Site (p. 17). According
     to the brother of Mary Bush, secretary to the base hospital administrator, she and her boss saw
     only one ET body (p. 18). However, Roswell mortician Glenn Dennis says a nurse friend told him
     she had assisted in autopsies on three ETs (p. 22). According to another R/ S witness, there
     were "(our little men ... one was alive. • But his wife recalled "just two" (p. 19).

             At the recent press conference, Schmitt said that "none [of the witnesses] referred to this
     as an Alien spacecraft. None referred to the bodies as being Aliens, or beings from outer space. •
     But a few minutes later, Kevin Randle said: "The people who were on the site said the bodies were
     not human. They were Aliens." Later Randle said that (now-deceased) base provost marshall
     "Edwin Easley told me personally it was extraterrestrial." At another point Randle said Easley
     "said he couldn't talk much about it because he had promised the President he would never reveal
     what he had learned. •

             Randle noted that descriptions of ETs gh·en by "first-hand witnesses" are significant!)'
     differtnt from those offert>d by "llFO-abductt't's. " Randlt said: "They fETs] do not have the big
     black tear- drop eyes .... The beings were about 4-1 I 2 to 5-1 I 2 feel tall. Their features were close to
     human, but not exactly human. The head was slightly larger than ... on a human body .... The f skin J
     color was described as sort of pasty white or gray-white .... No hair on the head but a sort of peach
     fuzz." Randle said: "We have six first-hand witnesses to the bodies. Their stories are different
     enough that it's obviously not rehearsed testimony. But they corroborate one another. •

           Schmitt, who is director of special investigations for the Hynek Center for UFO Studies
     (CUFOS), characterized the Roswell incident as "the most important, the most significant o( all
     UFO cases o( all rime. "


     SUN's Unified Covert Crashed ET Saucer Scenario (SUCCESS) Explains
     Many Incongruities, Loose Ends In Randle/Schmitt's New Scenario
            Randle and Schmitt admit there are some loose ends in their new scenario, such as why
     nobody (seemingly) ever informed Maj. Marcel about the crashed saucer and ET bodies only 35
     miles north of Roswell. Using "Cover-up Conspiracy Logic" learned from R/S and other
     UFOiogists, SUN bas devised a new scenario which explains (almost) everything.

             If it is assumed that tbe recently disco':ered "first- band witnesses" are being truthful,
     tbl!t an ET craft and ET bodies were discovered and recovered by base personnel on Saturday,
     ~.then Government and Pentagon officials would have been promptly informed. Assuming
     President Harry Truman decided that news of this startling event should be kept secret from
     the public, Col. William Blanchard, Roswell AAF base commander would have been so informed,
     as would his chief intelligence officer- -Maj . Marcel. Afterwards Blanchard and Marcel would
     have discussed the near impossibility of keeping the crashed saucer secret because dozens of
     local civilians and military personnel were "first- hand witnesses."        Even with the use of
     "threats," Blanchard recognized the difficulty of keeping the crashed saucer secret and would
     have encouraged Marcel to see if he could come up with any novel ideas.
                             ' _. .,. f •
             On Monday , July 7, when sht>riff Wilcox callt>d to rt>port that rancher Brazel had
     discovert'd mysterious debris some .tO miles north of the Impact Site, Marcel naturally assumed
     that the debris had come from the crashed saucer at the Impact Sitt, so he drove to the ranch
     to innstigate. Once Marcel examined the dt>bris , he quickly rtcognized that it was only a
     balloon- borne radar- target of a type being launched from the air base at Alamogordo, 1'\ .M.

              But it was then that an ingeniou~ idea occurred to Marcel for keeping the crashed saucer
     secret- -an idea that might be called a "Diversionary Cover-up ."
"'

     1.' •.
Skc p l it:s UFO Ncwslc!lcr                          -6-                                                 May ] 994


A Clever Diversionary Cover- up
                 II                                 II


        Marcel would bring tbe Brazel ranch debris back, and instruct the base's public affairs
officer, Lt. Walter Haut, to put out a news release announcing that a flying disk bad been
recovered "on a ranch near Roswell, • which was literally true. He knew that the news media
would leap to the false conclusion that this was the Brazel ranch because Roswell radio
station's Frank Joyce bad talked with the rancher about the unusual debris when Joyce called
the sheriff's office on Monday, July 7. Thus, without resorting to any falsehoods, the media's
attention would be focused on the Brazel ranch rather than the Impact Site. Then, the Brazel
ranch debris would be flown to Ft. Worth, where a high -ranking AAF official-- Brig. Gen. Roger
Ramey--could truthfully identify the debris as a balloon-borne radar target and even allow it
to be photographed.

        Maj. Marcel must certainly have been proud or himself for devising this "diver·sionary
cover-up," especially when it worked so perfectly. True, Marcel had to suffer ridicule for his
seeming failure to recognize the prosaic nature or the Brazel debris, but he accepted it as the
price of being a patriot. To the very end, "good soldier" Marcel kept up the charade, claiming
that the Brazel ranch debris was "not from this earth," and even convinced his son, Dr. Jesse
Marcel, to perpetuate the same story.

        Later. an equallj ingenious "diversionary cover-up " idea was devi sed which in volved
Gradv (" Barnr\' ") Barnt'tt. a civil en g ineer who lived in Socorr·o and worked f or the
Governmrnt. Barnett agreed to circulate a story that he him self had stumbled upon a crashed
SiiUcer and ET bodie~ on the Plains of San Agustin. The objective was al so to divert attention
away from the real Impact Site near Roswtll. If any word of a cra s hed saucer and ET bodits
ltakt•d out. V FOio:,::isb naturall y would assume this was Barnett 's Plain s of San Agu stin
incidtnt. F or -~ :o re -tha ~1 40 ytars. tht: ru st wod.: td and f ooled ··a -numbtr ·<·1 -prumi iH: nt cra sh ed
sauc er inn stigators , including Stantun Fritdman and William L. Moon.

           As part of thi s "diversionary covtr-up ," the Government encouraged it s di s information
agent s to feed numtrous spuri ous crashtd saucer rtport s to long-time pro· U FOiogi st Leona r d
Stringfirld. Thtse saucer cra shes were said to ha\-·e occurred in man y different part s of the
country over a peri od o f senral decade s. Stringfield's list included the Brazel ranch drbri s.
For nearly half a crntury this "diversionary cover-up " worked well , until R / S discovered a ft'\1
'' first· hand witne ssr s" wh o were willing to reveal "the truth. "

        BUT ARE THEIR TALES REALLY TRUE? Or are they just another part or the
Government's "diversionary cover-up?" Would Government "cover-up experts" be so foolish a s
to select the Brazel ranch which was only 40 miles away from the real Impact Site? Thi s would
bring investigators such a s Randle, Schmitt, Moore and Friedman to Rosweil where they would
talk to many residents- -risking that they might discover the few who could reveal the location
of the REAL Impact Site. It would be foolish to focus attention on the Roswell area UNLESS
the true crashed saucer site were many hundr"!ds of miles away, in a different part of the
country. BUT WHERE?

         Recall that private pilot Kenneth Arnold was flying in the Pacific Northwest on June
24, 1947, when he reported seeing nine strange craft zipping through the mountain ranges. H
one of the Arnold UFOs had cra5f,ed into one or the mountains, it would probably have been
a few days later before th'e /Crashed saucer was spotted, and another few days before the
crashed saucer and ET bodies could be recovered · -during early July. H this occurred in the
Pacific Northwest, a "smart diversionary cover-up" would have sugge sted creating a spurious
crashed saucer incident many hundreds of miles away . New Mexico would have been the logical
choice in view of its numerous mili (ary bases and nuclear weapons facilities. At least some of
their military personnel ~nd Government employees could be drafted to become disinformation
agent s, if only to protect their jobs and veteran's benefits. IT'S REALLY VERY LOGICAL!


       ,..
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                                           -7-                                                           Ma y 1Q9-I


        If tbe Government did indeed devise a "smart diversionary cover-up," then Congressman
Steve Schiff's request that the GAO try to locate tbc Roswell crashed saucer file is doomed to
failure. GAO should be looking for a report on a crashed saucer in tbe Pacific Northwest. Om·
must consider wbetber tbe new R/S "first- band witnesses" might really be Government
disinformation agents. And wbat about Roswell crashed saucer book authors? William L.
Moore, who co-authored tbe first book on tbe Roswell crashed saucer, bas publicly claimed that
be bas carried out UFO disinformation in behalf of a Government agency. And Kevin Randle,
who formerly served in the Army and later the Air Force Reserve, enjoys Government benefits
as a veteran. MORE AND MORE PIECES OF THE PUZZLE FIT TOGETHER.

IF YOU (or a deceased member of your family) WITNESSED THE RECOVERY OF A
CRASHED SAUCER AND ET BODIES IN THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST (or other location far
distant from Roswell) IN EARLY JULY OF 1947, PLEASE CONTACT SUN. (If you wish
anonymity, you may usc the pseudonym "Steve MacKenzie, Jr.")

New Data Debunk Claim That Abduction Tales Are All Very Similar

        Numerous books and many articles on what is called tbe "UFO-Abduction Phenomenon"
bave been published which claim abduction tales must be true because tbey are all so very
similar. But there has been a notable lack of bard data to support this claim- -until recently.
A two-part series in tbe February and March 1994 issues of tbe MUFON UFO JOURNAL offers
tbe first analytical examination of tbe abduction tales told by 95 different subjects: 27 males,
58 females and 10 cases involving botb.

          The raw data come from tramcriph of 317 tape recordings supplied by 13 differe nt
"abduction thera pi sts," in cluding 0 ;1\·id J..i.1..~~- ,l o h.!}~.r!rne nt c r , Richard H all , Richard H aine~.
and J..\Jhn _!\ i~ lkr· . · :v!.D . · -'rh ~· tLi t·a an ai ysi ~ W<! ,. pcrfo·rn:n:: d b y Dari \hitd1.t. n1<111 <1g : r of ~v!L'FO T'\ ·~
Abducti o n Tra nsc ripti o n Project. Finan cial ;. uppon was also prov ided by th e Fund for UFO
R esearc h (FL' FOR) .                 Wright acknowledges that "Abduction cases involve widely varying
descriptions of entities, surroundings, medical and other procedures .... However. similarities among
man)' accounts are striking." (Empha~is add ed.) Considt>r tht following:

        How wtrt tht ET~ drtssed? 37c;{ of tht subjtcts said ETs wort robes , cloaks or capts:
23C:~said they wore jumpsuit~ or coveralls: 11\ C:( said thty wort wetsuits; and 22 9c said tht ET s
wtrt naktd. [Possible txplanation for nakt:'d ETs: LTO's air conditioning systtm brokt down.]

*       What wa~ tht:' color of lht ETs' skin'! -12 t'f( rtportt'd \\hilt-to-gray; 13 9c reported dark
skin: I)Ci( said tht:' skin wa s blut:' while another sc;;. said it wa s green. 10 9c said the skin glowed
or emittt'd an aura; the balance reported assorted colors including stripes.

*       What was the shape of tht t'FO '? 4 7t;( reporttd the traditionai discoid shape; 17 9c said
it was spht'rical, 6 1i( rcportt'd rl'ctanguhu: and 6 C:( said it was triangular. Balance reporttd
miscellant'ous shapt's, including conical.

*       Anv post·ahduction aftt'r-t'fltrt~? Onl~ 3-V( rtporttd scars on the body while 3 7C:{
reported noseblt'cds and l 7c;( rt'portt'd ht'adacht:'s. Hownt:'r, I life of the subjects rcportt'd
miraculous htaling of prt'Viou~ ailmt'nb. [SL'\ Comment: Perhaps ETs could help Hilary
Rodham rt'duct· the cost of    Prt'~i.dent Clinton's propost:'d n e w ht'alth cart' pl a n.]
                         .  .' 1#


         In approximately two-thirds of tht cases . th e subjects rtported that the ETs
commun icalt'd with them, aim ost ah1 ays via "telepat h \"... But wh t'n ETs commu nicatt'd a mong
themseln:~. 20c,( of the subjects n·pm·ted tht·~ Usl·d "audiblt· voict.'' Only 13 <ic of the suhjt·cb
reportt'd that the ETs collected tissue or other samplt'~ such as locks of hair. And barel)· half
of the subjects reportt'fl nenh involving tht'ir sexuaJ.:reproductin systems. [Sl1 N Comment:
It must be very traumatic f(lr an ·· abductet '' if ETs opt ~ to take sperm / ova, indicating that
ET s find tht· subject to bt· gtnt'ticalh ddicit•nt for cross- breeding.]


     c: ..
Skeptics UFO Ncwslctler                        -8-                                           May 1994

        Wright, who formerly served as MUFON's Deputy Director for Investigations, reports
that be now bas acquired tape recordings for roughly 200 new cases. Although be admits that
"a majority" of the 95 initial subjects "bad read at least one or two best-selling books related
to abductions," Wright concludes that "numerous entity types have been visiting our planet with
some regularity. What is not very evident (rom the data herein, but somewhat clearer (rom the
transcripts per se, is that entities are grouped into two or more types working together in the same
cra(t, usually with a strict ranking o( duties." (Emphasis added .)

SHORT SHRIFT:

•       New Roswell Crashed Saucer Newsletter: If you'd like to keep informed of new "first-
band witnesses" and any further revision of the Roswell crashed saucer scenario, you can
subscribe to a new quarterly Randle/ Schmitt newsletter to be edited by Don Schmitt. Schmitt
says R/ S have two more "first- band witnesses" not included in their new book. For more
information on The Roswell Update, write Schmitt: P.O. Box 85, Hartford, Wise. 53027.

*      New Crashed Saucer Movie Based On Old Scenario: The movie "Roswell," slated for
showing in July on "Showtime" cable T\' and which is based largely on R / S #1, reportedly will
portray the crashed saucer and ET bodies as having been found on the Brazel ranch, only a
couple miles from the debris field rather than the new "Impact Site" near Roswell.

•       Loni!-Time Pro-UFOioeist Praises GAO Investigation: Fred Whiting, member of the
Board of Directors of the Fund For UFO Research, describes his own role and that of Karl
Pflock in prompting Congressman Schiff to initiate the GAO investigation, in an article in the
March issue of the M U FON UFO J 0 URN A L. Whiting's article concludes: "Finally, this is the
first known official government investigation into the UFO subject in nearly 25 years. During that
time, there have been Congressional inquiries into the Kennedy assassination, Watergate, the Iran-
Contra affair, reports of American POWs in Southeast Asia and government-sponsored £:xperimenis
involving administration of radioactive substances to unknowing civilians. [SUN Note: The latter
was revealed as a result of a GAO in\'estigation.] Perhaps soon to be added to the list will be the
Roswell Incident." Whiting urged MUFON members to write their Congressional representatives
to muster support for Schiff's efforts.

*       Randlt / Schnlitt Ci1aJiengt (;A() ln\'tstigation: Randle and Schmitt haYe become tht
first pro- UFOiogists to publicly question the value of the GAO investigation into the Roswell
Incident. At their recent press conference in Roswell, Schmitt said: "It appears there's a
misunderstanding by the press as Jar as the GAO 's involvement. • Randle explained: "They're
searching to see if government procedures were violated, that sort of thing, as opposed to finding out
whether or not an Alien spacecraft crashed at Roswell." Schmitt added: "We're following up on this ·
and there will be an announcement in the next couple weeks, if the information is released. "

*       SUN CAN NOW REVEAL THE GAO's "OFFICIAL OBJECTIVE," as stated in a letter
of Feb. 17 to Schiff from Richard Davis, GAO'l! Director, National St:curity Affairs: "This feller
confirms our meeting with you on January 26, 1994, where we discussed the issue of government
accour,tability with regard to the handling, retention, and subsequent disposition of official
government records. In this regard, you asked the GA 0 to review the policies and procedures of the
Department of Defense, the National Archives, and others governing records involving crash incidents
similar to that reported to have occurred at Roswell, N.M. in July 1947. As part of our review, we
plan to examine whether goye'.-nm,TJI agencies adhered to established policies in carrying out their
record stewardship activities . • (SUN Comment: No comment. But stay tuned.]


,,l~


       1.' •.
