{"created_utc": "2026-09-18T03:04:34Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 449250, "source_ctime_ns": 1788551362921508074, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-58-July-1999-.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788551362907834469, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/SUN-58-July-1999-.pdf", "source_sha256": "2cfc1722643524b2a6a3b3166e5719afbee472afd1e299e729ffdc916d118679"}

S   KEPTICS
    By Philip J. Klass
                         UFO           NEWSLETTER
                                       404 'N" S!. SW Washington DC 20024
                                                                                      SUN #58

                                                                                      July 1999

                                                                                      Copyright
                                                                                      1999


    Firmage Holds Secret Meeting Of UFOiogists To Gain Their Support

           Joe Firmage, the multi-millionaire Silicon Valley software expert turned "UFO Messiah,"
    funded a secret meeting of nearly 20 UFOiogists and researchers in Newport Beach, Calif.,
    April 23-25,to discuss the future of UFO research [SUN #56/Mar. 1999]. Another objective was
    to muster support for the authenticity of the "new MJ -12 documents" obtained from Tim Cooper
    which earlier were endorsed by Dr. Robert Wood and son Ryan [SUN #55/#57; Jan./May, 1999].
    Notably, Firmage did not invite prominent UFOiogists who were known to question the
    documents' authenticity, such as Stanton :Friedman and Richard Hall. Also not invited were
    the leaders of the three major UFO organizations:               Walt Andrus (Mutual UFO
    Network/MUFON), Mark Rodeghier (Center for UFO Studies/CUFOS), and Don Berliner (Fund
    for UFO Research/FUFOR).

            Following Firmage's dynamic opening presentation Friday afternoon, he took attendees
    for a cruise and dinner aboard his luxurious yacht. Attendees reportedly included the
    following: Robert Wood, son ~. Tim Cooper, Linda Moulton Howe, Paul Davids (who
    produced the movie "Roswell"), Jim Marrs (author of the book "Alien Agenda"), Jim Westwood
    (who also endorses the authenticity of the Cooper documents), Richard Haines, Dr. Jesse Marcel
    (son of Roswell's Maj. Marcel), Michael Lindemann, and William LaParl. Another attendee was
    Dr. Hal Puthoff- -a physicist whose current research in "Zero Point Energy" prompts Firmage
    to predict space travel at velocities greater than the speed of light. Puthoff's previous research
    was in "psychic phenomena," such as "remote viewing." Another scientist in attendance, name
    unknown to SUN, is an official of Lockheed Martin's space systems division. Firmage provided
    free airline tickets to attendees and paid for their hotel lodging.

           During the long Saturday session, attendees were invited to comment on the UFO
    research activities- -and shortcomings- -of existing UFO organizations, such as MUFON, CUFOS
    and FUFOR. Their generally critical comments are expected to encourage Firmage's recently
    created "International Space Sciences Organization" (ISSO) to focus on "UFO research," as well ·
    as "exotic science." This might explain why Firmage did not invite the leaders of MUFON,
    CUFOS and FUFOR to attend.

    Cooper Rumored To Have Runked His .. Ue Detector .. Test

            Tim Cooper, who claims he received the suspect "new MJ -12 documents" from a Thomas
     Cantwbeel, agreed to undergo a polygraph test when asked by UFOiogist Robert J. Durant
     during a radio talk show on Jan. 24, hosted by Mike Janus. Robert and Ryan Wood appeared
     with Cooper on the show. Durant offered to pay $500 to partially underwrite the cost, and two
     days later he sent a $500 chec~ vi!a· FedEx to Robert Wood- -which Wood promptly cashed.

              During a one-day MUFON "training conference" in San Francisco on April 18, Dr. Wood
     said that Cooper would be tested "this coming Friday" [April 23] by an examiner who is chairman
     of the Polygraph Association of California. • Wood said, "I guarantee we will publish [the test
     result] even if it is negative." As of mid-June, no word from Wood as to whether Cooper took the
     scheduled test, or the results. However, rumor has it that Cooper took the test and FLUNKED
     IT BADLY. If true, the Woods face a difficult choice: either admit their "authentication"
     efforts were flawed, or denigrate the polygraph examiner whom Wood so strongly praised.


            '.
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                            -2 -                                        July 1999


Timothy Good Discovers More Anomalies In Cooper Documents
                                              II               II


        British UFOiogist Timothy Good, wbo first made public tbe original MJ -12 documents
in late May of 1987--sbortly before they were released in tbe U.S. by William L. Moore, and
whose popular book" Above Top Secret" published in mid-1987 implied they were authentic- -has
become more skeptical and is very skeptical about tbe new Cooper documents. Good's doubts
about tbe Cooper documents are based in part on tbe similarity of "anomalies" in the typewriter
used by Cooper to write a letter to Good on Oct. 4, 1991, to those in tbe typewriter used to type
one of Cooper's new MJ -12 documents-- "Project Majestic Twelve's 1st Annual Report," allegedly
written in 1952. Similar anomalies noted by Good's sharp eye include tbe following:

•         Numerals: Tbe "8" is slightly elevated above other numbers .

*     Tbe upper- case (capital) "G" is slightly elevated relative to lower- case letters, as in
"Germany" and "Ground." Also upper-case "N" is slightly elevated, as in tbe word "National."

      Good also spotted another "curious coincidence." One of the Cooper-supplied documents,
marked "Top Secret Ultra," carries tbe identification number "001947122A 1206." 1206 is the
number of Tim Cooper's post office box in Big Bear, Calif.


Dr. Leir- -Podiatrist And 11 Aiien Implant II Specialist- -Admits Negligence

        Dr. Roger K. Leir, Southern California podiatrist wbo achieved international fame for
surgical removal of what he claimed were "Alien [UFO] Implants" placed in tbe bodies of
alleged abductees [SUN #41/Sept. 1996], bas admitted negligence in his m crt i(· al treatment of
a regular patient in 1990- -prior to Leir's Alien Implant efforts. To avoid ba v1:- ;.. .!: is medical
license revoked, Dr. Leir agreed to accept a three-year probation during wbicb bt' mu st undergo
medical training. Tbe disciplinary action was tbe result of a complaint filed July 30, 1998, by
the California Board of Podiatric Medicine. Leir and his Alien Implant research were featured
on the recent NBC-TV two-boor special, "Confirmation: Hard Evidence of Aliens Among Us?,"
which aired on Feb. 17-- the day after Leir signed orr on the terms of his probation.

ARMAGE REVEALS GRANDIOSE PLANS AND THEORIES

       un .May 15, Joe Finnage announced thai his recenuy created international Space
Sciences Organization (ISSO) "will establish a 'global classroom' on the Internet for the
presentation of ideas that arthritic media refuse to present to the public for serious and sober
discussion ... .What I intend to establish is a platform for minds far greater than mine to present their
remarkable concepts in terms comprehensible to the public." Firm age then offered a lengthy (14.
page) "preview of further writings from me."

       On tbe question of the "Roswell Incident" and charges of government coverup, Firmage
said there are only three possible explanations:
                                       f •
•       "First Possibility: Some~physical ET event happened in the 1940s, resulting in official
recovery of material. In this scenario, some small, quasi private but official organization has
learned much from recovered materials and perhaps from direct contact [w ith ETs]. But in the
early days, such a group was so shaken, or otherwise given guidance, that it was motivated to
maintain this great secret, for the reasons you'll hear from me over the next several weeks. The best
evidence I have lending credence to this scenario is that I have indeed had many face-to-face con-
versations with people who nave held positions of great significance within government and science

     ,,
                                                                                                            -

Skeptics UFO Newsletter                          -3-                                            July 1999


who confirm the reality of UFOs. As time goes on, I will share with you what they have said to me
in precise detail, to the extent they have given permission for me to repeat what they have said. Most
of these people have indicated directly or indirectly that we are in possession of recovered [ETJ
materials ... [SUN Question: When    will  Firmage reveal their names?]

•        "Second Possibility: No physical crash or contact event occurred, but the government realized
that this [UFO] phenomenon was indeed quite tangible, as stated by no less a person than a former
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff [i.e. Gen. Nathan Twining in letter of Sept. 23,
1947] ... 'THE PHENOMENON IS REAL, AND NOT VISIONARY OR FICTITIOUS.'.... some
researchers suggest that Roswell was an intelligence disinformation tactic intended to intimidate the
Soviet Union. This is plausible ...

•         "Third Possibility: The institutions of government were so frightened by their fear of the
public reaction to unknown aerial phenomena that they maneuvered out of the vise created by the
growing indications of their own studies before they were convinced of_ the reality underlying the
phenomena. If this is so, then the field of UFO research, as depressingly tattered and disorganized
as it is, is a most unlikely intellectual arrowhead for the revolution of the ages. The best evidence
I have in favor of this scenario is that I find the vision of our present national political and economic
agenda so spectacularly limited as to be irreconcilable with factual knowledge of an extraterrestrial
phenomena .... (Emph as is added .)

        "People who say that there is a fourth possibility-- UFOs do not exist--simply have not
done their homework ... .After extensive and continuing study, spanning history, science, and theology,
I have come to believe in UFOs ... " (Emphasi s add e d .)

SUN Comment: Has Firmage done his homework? We doubt that he has read any of the
handful of books written by skeptical UFO investigators, including those authored · by SUN's
editor.

New Book Confirms Military Satellites Have Spotted .. UFOs ..

        "America's Space Sentinels," the first book to detail the history and capabilities of the
Pentagon's Defense Support Program (DSP) satellites which detect the launch of ballistic
missiles by sensing the infrared radiation emitted by the plumes from their rocket motors,
confirms that the DSP satellites have occasionally detected "unidentified flying objects•-- but
none was believed to have been an ET craft. The book, published by the University Press of
Kansas, was written by-Jeffrey T. Richelson, whose earlier books disclosed details of America's
then Top Secret photo-reconnaissance ("spy") satellite program.

        Richelson reports that the infrared sensors of DSP satellites, first deployed in the early
1970s, have spotted two types of unidentified objects which do not have the characteristic
trajectories of ballistic missiles:

*       •slow- Walkers," which fly at the speed of supersonic aircraft. In the early 1980s, the
U.S. Navy became increasingly cp~cerued about the threat of the Soviet Tu- 22M "Backfire•
long-range, high-altitude bom"ber. The Navy created a small research group to investigate
whether the DSP satellite · could detect the infrared energy radiated by the intense plumes of
the Tu -22M's jet engine's afterburners. The results were sufficiently encouraging that by the
late 1980s, a Slow- Walker Reporting System (SWRS) was established at the DSP ground
stations in Australia and Colorado to automatically detect, track and report "Slow-Walkers" to
Navy operational commanders.

*        "Fast- Walkers," _which fly at hypersonic speeds, such as asteroids, meteors and other
sa~~llites. Richelson notes that , the existence of Fast- Walker incidents was first made public by

        ' 0
-----:=-:--:-==----===----=-__,.,......,.-=------------',                                                      -
      Skeptics UFO Newsletter                        -4-                                           July 1999


      UFOiogist Joe Stefula in 1996 during a TV interview. A source that Stefula declined to
      identify had provided him with information and the plot/track of a Fast- Walker incident that
      had occurred on May 5, 1984. Stefula reported the unknown object had been spotted "coming
      out of deep space and passing within 3 kilometers of the DSP [satellite]. Its star tracking telescope
      first detected the object. The observation lasted nine minutes. A detailed investigation failed to
      explain what caused the sensor reading, other than a real object of some type." Pro- UFOiogists
      hailed the reported inability of the Pentagon to explain the 1984 incident as hard proof that
      some UFOs are ET craft.

              But Richelson's book reports that in fact the 1984 Fast- Walker "was explained. The
      object that came perilously close to Flight 7 [DSP satellite] was not a UFO but a signals intelligence
      spacecraft, probably the VORTEX satellite launched on Jan. 31, 1984, from Cape Canaveral by the
      publicity-shy group of terrestrials who constituted the National Reconnaissance Office. The
      spacecraft in question, had failed to enter its proper geostationary orbit."

       UFOLOGIST/DSP-ENGINEER            REGEHR HfNTS THAT DSP HAS SPOTTED ET CRAFT

              Pro- UFOiogist Ron Regehr- -an engineer with Aerojet El r ctroSystcms which produces
      the infrared sensors used on DSP satellites-- published a 67- page report in 1998 titled: "How To
      Build A $125 Million UFO Detector" which suggests that DSP satellites have detected ET craft.
      Because Regehr has access to classified DSP data, he must necessarily base his speculative and
      vague claims on unclassified data and published information from a variety of sources, ranging
      from an Omni magazine article on (alleged) government UFO coverop to an article on DSP
      detection of meteoroids in The New York Times.

              In reality, most of DSP's infrared sensors that look down from its 22,000-mile-high
      altitude operate at a wavelength of approximately 2.5 microns so that the earth's atmosphere
      will heavily attenuate infrared energy emitted by military aircraft (unless flying at very high
      altitude), forest fires, electric power plants and other hot objects which would otherwise
      generate thousands of false- alarms. (Early experimental DSP satellites were plagued with
      false-alarm problems, some caused by sunlight reflecting off high clouds.)

              If / when ET craft visit Earth, if they use propulsion systems which involve high
       temperatures, then they can be detected by DSP satellites prior to descending to low altitudes
       where the atmosphere heavily attenuates their infrared radiation. However, if ET craft use
       exotic propulsion techniques, such as "Zero Point Energv" as Firmage believes, then they will
       NOT be detected by DSP's infrared sensors.

       Woods Report Techniques Used To Authenticate Cooper Documents
              Robert Wood and son Ryan offered a several- hour short-course on their approach to
       "authenticating" documents at an April 18 MUFON "training conference" in San Francisco,
       using some of the "new MJ -12 documents" provided by Timothy Cooper. One of those selected
       was the "First Annual Report of the Majestic 12 Project" which the Woods find quite impressive.
       Neither Wood even mentioned three of many obvious "anomalies" in the Cooper document:

       *      Although MJ -12 allegedly had been created as a very high priority project by President
       Harry Troman in the fall ' ;,f 1947, seemingly it did not get around to writing its first annual
       report until five years after it was created- -in the fall of 1952.

       *       Rear Admiral R.H. Hillenkoetter reportedly headed MJ -12, according to the Nov. 18,
       1952, "Eisenhower Briefing Document" (first made public in 1987). However, the Cooper-
       supplied "First Annua! Report; allegedly written in the fall of 1952, shows Dr. Vannevar Bush
       as chairman of MJ -12, and does not even list Hillenkoetter as a member of MJ -12.
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                        -5-                                           July 1999

*      Whereas the Eisenhower Briefing Document reports that FOUR ET bodies were
recovered from ONE crash site in New Mexico in mid-1947, the "First Annual Report" says that
FIVE ET bodies were recovered from TWO crash sites in New Mexico in mid-1947.

        Although neither Wood mentioned these discrepancies in their many-hour presentations,
Robert Wood said, "We think there is an excellent possibility that some portion of the Eisenhower
Briefing Document was in fact created by counterintelligence in order to deceive the Soviets that we
had not learned anything from the crash." One example: Whereas the "First Annual Report"
claims that micro-chip technology was recovered from a crashed UFO, the Eisenhower Briefing
Document says "there was no recovery of any of the parts [i.e., ET technology] .. In fact that is
exactly false!" Wood admitted that his good friend Stanton Friedman disagrees on this issue.

       Thus, the Woods believe that the "TOP SECRET/MAJIC: EYES ONLY" document--only
~ of which     allegedly was typed- -and which was used to brief President-elect Eisenhower on
Nov. 18, 1952, intentionally included false information designed to mislead the Soviets if this
very hig·bJy classified document ·fell into Soviet hands. Never mind that spurious information
would also mislead America's trusted military leader who would soon become President.

WHAT RYAN WOOD CONSIDERS TO BE IMPRESSIVE CONFIRMATION

         One of the items reported in the "First Annual Report of the Majestic 12 Project" was
the following: "From 1949 to late 1950, there have been several crashes of B-36bombers on routine
artie (sic ) patrol that bear all the earmarks of the [Capt.] Mantell incident. None of the crews were
found. The atomic bombs were not recovered, thus creating a serious problem for the Air Force when
nuclear weapons are lost over friendly countries." (Emph as is added .)

        Ryan Wood told MUFON conference attendees: "Sure enough I found that fi B-36bomber
was lost. It was lost over Washington. Everybody bailed out. They dumped their nuclear weapon
out. They dumped the plutonium core. Actually then the plane turned around and climbed 3,000 feet
and crashed on land and they mopped it up later. But still there was a checkable (act and it
turned out to be true." (Emphasis added.) Ryan, who seemingly thinks that the state of
Washington is in the "artie," said be obtained his information from a mao who wrote a manual
about B-36s at Travis AFB. Ryan did not give the date of the incident, identify his source, or
provide any other confirming evidence.

        In response to a question about the Woods' disagreement with Stanton Friedman over the .
authenticity of some of Cooper's documents, Ryan said: "We are in agreement that the Interplan-
etary Phenomenon Unit [IPU] is true and real. We are in agreement that the Special Operations
Manual [SOM 1-0 1] is completely authentic and genuine." [For details on SOM 1-01 , and some of
the "anomalies " which challenge its authenticity, see SUN #55 / Jan. 1999.] In Friedman's book
"Top Secret/MAJIC," published in 1996, his chapter on SOM 1-0lindicated that he then held
ambivalent views on the authenticity of the document. The book did not mention or discuss the
(alleged) Interplanetary Phenomenon Unit (IPU).

WOODS DISAGREE WITH FRIEDMAN ON KEY ISSUE: TRUMAN SIGNATURE

        Of all the MJ -12 documertfs, including the "original" documents released in 1987 by
William Moore, Jaime Shandera and Friedman, and the new batch supplied by Timothy Cooper,
the most significant is President Harry Truman's (alleged) Sept. 24, 1947, memorandum to
Defense Secretary James Forrestal which authorized the initiation of Operation Majestic
Twelve. This one-page document is pivotal because if it is a counterfeit then so is the
Eisenhower Briefing Document which refers to the Sept. 24 Truman memo. Stanton Friedman
noted, in an article published in International UFO Reporter, that in an effort to authenticate
the Truman memo, he found that its signature "matched " the signature on a letter Truman
wrote
   ... to Vannevar Bush in October 1947 .
                                                                                                           --
                                                                      .. - ~ . ---- --~·---- ·· . .. .... ... ._~.... .   "'""""' ;   .
                                                                                                                                              -
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                       -6-


        In fact, when two signatures are identical, one of them is almost certainly a forgery--
made easy by the invention of the Xerox machine. When SUN's editor visited the Library of
                                                                                                            July 1999                     \
Congress we found a genuine letter that Truman had written to Vannevar Bush on Oct. 1, 1947,
whose signature was so similar to the MJ -12 memo of Sept. 24 that both had identical pen
"skid-marks" on the right-hand vertical stroke of the "H" in "Harry." When we sent copies of
both signatures to a leading Questioned· Documents Examiner-· Peter Tytell- ·his conclusion was
that the MJ -12 Truman memo s·ignature was a pasted- on photocopy of the genuine Oct. 1 signa-
ture. [Copies of both were shown in SUN #56/Mar. 1999.)

        Although Friedman has strongly denied the two signatures are identical, Robert Wood
disagrees . At the April 18 MUFON conference, Wood said: "If you take the questioned [Sept. 24]
document and carefully lay it on top of the other [Oct. 1] document they are a dead match." Wood
admitted that one possible explanation is that the Sept. 24 Truman letter is a fake. But Wood
favors an alternative explanation: that Truman used an "auto-pen" to sign the Sept. 24 letter
and the Oct. 1 letter. The auto-pen is a pantograph device which consisted of a "master" pen
and four "slave" pens. Wood said the issue could be resolved by finding a third Truman signature
identical to the Oct. 1 and Sept. 24 signatures. So far, no iuck.; Wood admitted.

       Wood's proposed explanation for the identical Sept. 24 and Oct. 1 signatures is denied
by one of the several dozen Truman letters in SUN's file, obtained a decade ago from the Harry
S. Truman Library. This is a letter that Truman wrote- -and signed- -on Sept. 26, 1947, to
Treasury Secretary John W. Snyder. Truman's signature is NOT identical to his authentic
signature of Oct. 1. (Both are shown below.) IF Truman was too tired on Sept. 24 to sign the
important MJ -12 memo to Defense Secretary Forrestal, he could have signed it on Sept. 26 nsing
the auto-pen when he signed the letter to Snyder, which would have made these two signatures
identical- -instead of waiting until Oct. 1, as the Woods would like to believe .


                                                               • Oct. 1, 1947 (Bush)


Five Canary Island UFOs Identified

        Fundacion Anomalia (Anomaly Foundation), Spain's respected UFO· investigation
organization, has announced that it has found prosaic explanations for "the five most important
cases in the UFO history of the Canary Islands." The five "UFO" incidents occurred from late
1974 to early 1979. The most spectacular, which occurred Mar. 5, 1979, according to the
Foundation, involved: "Multicolored concentric rings seen at the horizon. From these a point of light
moved out leaving a luminous jet that began to expand, developing [into) a huge bright dome. Tens
of photos were obtained that were mistakenly considered as UFOs by the most sensationalist Spanish
UFO/ogists," according to the Foundation.

        The five UFO inciden~ w~i-e the result of U.S. Navy tests of unarmed Poseidon ballistic
missiles-- fired from submerged submarines. The Foundation credits the identification to Dr.
Jonathan McDowell, of the Harvard- Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, who was able to
correlate the dates and times of the UFO incidents with those of Poseidon missile test launches
using now-declassified Navy data. McDowell's effort was enlisted by the Spanish Foundation's
Ballester Olmos, a leading Spanish UFOiogist.       [SUN compliments the Spanish Anomaly
Foundation and Ballester Olmos for their effort and for publicizing the prosaic findings.]
Skeptics UFO Newsletter                          -7-                                             July 1999

CAUS's Gersten Demands Pentagon Halt UFO Invasion, Abductions

        If Defense Secretary William Cohen did_ not already face difficult challenges to
successfully resolve the Balkan conflict, in late April he received a letter from wUFO-lawyer•
Peter Gersten, who heads Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS), wdemanding that you take
immediate steps to protect the residents of each of the states against this [UFO] invasion." Gersten's
letter stated: "CAUS has evidence and can prove in a court of law, that an invasion is presently
occurring and affecting citizens in each of the states .... This invasion is continually being ignored by
federal and state authorities due to its strangeness, thereby implicitly allowing the invasion to
continue unimpeded. This overwhelming evidence is in the form of eyewitness reports (affidavits
available on request), videotapes and photographs ....

        "This invasion takes two forms, the second more sinister and invasive than the first. The first
involves the continuous incursions in the skies over each state by aerial craft, which pose a threat
simply by ~heir enormous appearance, low-level operation and techno.logically advanced perform-
ance characteristics. The second and more invasive involves nonconsensual trespasses, assaults, false
imprisonments, sexual abuses, rapes and kidnappings ... w

SUN Comment: Congressional leaders, understandably, have had ambivalent feelings about the
U.S. involvement in the Balkan conflict, as do several potential candidates for the upcoming
Presidential election. But defending U.S. citizens against ET invaders should have great
political appeal-- IF Gersten's evidence is as credible as he claims. Inasmuch as UFOs
(allegedly) are abducting the citizens of many countries, perhaps the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization will launch a campaign against the evil ET invaders. Possibly even Yugoslavia
will join with NATO.

BUT SHOULD THE PENTAGON WAGE WAR ON OUR FUTURE DESCENDANTS?

        If Defense Secretary Cohen should chance to see a copy of a brief E-mail memo that
Gersten sent to CAUS members on June 5 via the Internet, he will discover that Gersten is not
really convinced that UFOs are ET craft! Gersten suspects that UFOs might be "time travelers
(rom our (uture ... As we come closer to time travel becoming a reality ... this intelligence will take the
form of time travelers [rom our future." If Gersten is correct, it would seem immoral to demand
that the Pentagon wage war on our future descendants.

SHORT SHRIFT:

•      Spielberg reportedly plans TV series on UFO abductions: Steven Spielberg, who first
achieved fame as a Hollywood movie producer with his wclose Encounters of the Third Kind"
and wET," before turning to other subjects, plans to produce a series of 10 two-hour shows
on UFO abductions for the Sci- Fi cable TV channel, slated to air late next year. Spielberg's
theme, reportedly, will be that UFO abductions are fact, not fantasy. The miniseries is
budgeted to cost about $40 million and will be titled: wTaken. •

•        Joe Firmage producing .a Ut'O "documentary ": "U FO Messiah " Firmage has hired Gary
Beebe , an award- winning producer of TV documentaries, to produce a video version of
Firmage's treatise "The Truth." Beebe's camera crew was busy interviewing guests at Firmage's
recent covert meeting of UFOiogists in Newport Beach, Calif. [p. 1]. Later, Firmage paid the
travel expenses of Britain's Timothy Good and Canada's Stanton Friedman to fly to Washington
in early May to film interviews. Because of Friedman's strong support for the authenticity of
the original MJ -12 documents, and Good's earlier endorsement, Firm age probably expected both
would endorse the new Cooper- supplied documents. But both Friedman and Good reportedly
challenged Cooper's documents. It will be interesting to see if their challenges end up "on the
cutt'fng room floor." [NOT surp~isingly, no effort was made to interview SUN's editor.]
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------~


Skeptics UFO Newsletter                              -8-                                                 July 1999


*      Firmage "making the rounds" of the UFO-conference circuit: Joe Firmage's effort to
seek recognition as a leader in the UFO movement is prompting him to speak at many UFO
conferences-- big and small. Firmage will be a featured speaker at the upcoming MUFON
meeting in Washington and be also is to speak at the National UFO Conference (NUFOC) in
San Antonio, Sept. 25-26. For some of NUFOC's other prominent speakers, such as Kevin
Randle, Karl Pnock, Patrick Huyge, and Jim Moseley (who publishes the popular Saucer Smear
newsletter), this will be their first opportunity to size up UFOiogy's new would- be leader.
Firmage also spoke at a small conference held Mar. 25-26in Aztec, N.M.,to celebrate the 51st
anniversary of an alleged crashed- saucer incident near Aztec that almost nobody believes
occurred.

*       Federal court dismisses Gersten/CAUS lawsuit against Army: "UFO·Iawyer" Peter
Gersten's lawsuit against the Army in the name of Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS),
seeking documents to confirm the wild claims made by the late Philip Cnrso in his book "The
Day After Roswell " [SUN #49/ Jan. 1998], was dismissed on April 26 by Ft·deral Judge Roslyn
0. Silver. CA US will not aopeal the decision, according to Gersten.

*       Lockheed Martin developing UFO (Unusual Flying Object: Lockheed Martin's "Skunk
Works," which covertly developed the U-2 and SR-71 "spy planes" and the F-117 "stealth"
fighter, is now developing a huge hybrid blimp-aircraft which could easil y be mistaken for a
"flying saucer." [See sketches.] The "Aerocraft," intended as a giant air transport, would be
nearly 800 ft. long and could
carry more than a million
pounds of cargo at a speed of
more than 125 mph. First de-
tails on the Aerocraft were
recently reported by Aviation
Week & Space Technology
magazine. Half the lift would
come from helium gas in the
bulbous fuselage, supplemented
by wings and "tilt-rotor" jet
engines. If Lockheed Martin
begins testing small models,                               -~ ...........,:,.
they could generate        UFO                     IIIII~)
reports.                                        __
                                             . ·"·""~~' -~ ·· '.
                                              -            ~   lLltlli KW   \   ·
*       Wild, se!.)'~~~~~aJ_i_~n ET-encounter tale featured in IUR: More than half of the new
(Spring) issue of International UFO Reporter, published by the Hynek Center for UFO Studies
(CUFOS), is devoted to a tale so wild that the late Dr. J. Allen Hynek must be spinning in his
grave. Authored by Bill Chalker, a prominent Australian UFOiogist, the article reports Peter
Khoury 's (alleged) bedroom encounter in 1992 with two naked female "aliens, " one a beautiful,
buxom blond 6·foot-tall "alien," and her slightly shorter Oriental-looking companion. Khoury
reports that when the blond alien pulled him toward her breast and he bit her nipple, the two
females suddenly disappeared. Later, when Khoury went to the toilet and felt pain in his penis
he discovered a 4. 5 inch long blond hair was tightly coiled around his penis! Khoury carefully
preserved the blond hair which subsequent DNA analysis, by a group of anonymous scientists,
revealed had rare properties : ehalk.er's article is aptly titled: "Strange Evidence. "

NOTE: Opinions expressed in SUN mre those of its editor--unlcssotberwise noted--and do NOT necessarily represent the
views of any organization with which he is affiliated. We thank Dr. Gary Posner for his help in proofreading.


SKEPTICS UFO NEWSLETTER (SUN) IS PUBLISHED BIMONTHLY. SUBSCRIPTION
RATE (SIX ISSUES) IS $15/YEAR FOR U.S./CANADA. OVERSEAS RATE (AIRMAIL) IS
$20/YEAR. (Please make check/money order payable to PHILIP J. KLASS.)

    ...
          ..
