{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T07:43:17Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 112768, "source_ctime_ns": 1790230830315430870, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-17-no-1---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790230830303215361, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-17-no-1---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "6432a1cb3ad19efd5cda43e1c54c569ef73642d3dc69e9dedbe559a7022dd74e"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 17 - No. 1


                                                           Selected articles from
                                                       VOL. 17 NO. 1 SUMMER 2004


                                           Noreen Renier doubly featured on
                                            Court TV documentary series
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      The March 24 and 31 installments of Court TV's criminally credulous documentary series Psychic
      Detectives profiled two crimes for which Noreen Renier has been credited with providing police with
      invaluable "psychic" assistance. The second program dealt with a case that was not entirely
      convincing to the detective. But the first (discussed below) was quite another matter.

      Renier, who lived in Florida for many years before moving back to the rural Charlottesville, Virginia,
      area in January, was described as having "cracked cases for law enforcement agencies around the
      country, including the FBI." I have had occasion to investigate one such claim -- her Williston police
      case, and reached contrary conclusions (see TBS Report, Fall 1996, Winter '96-'97, and Summer '97).
      During a 1986 libel trial involving a skeptic who had accused Renier of "fraudulent activity," now-
      retired supervisory special agent Robert Ressler testified that Renier's FBI-related claims are "not true
      from the standpoint of being a paid employee [or] being on a retainer or being used in any regular
      capacity. She does not work on FBI cases. . . . [We don't use] psychics in our investigative process."

      But the specific case profiled by Court TV on March 24 involved an elderly couple in Colonie, N.Y.,
      near Albany, who had been murdered in their home in 1986. According to the narrator, as the
      detectives begin to formulate a list of suspects, "One family member grabs investigators' attention, the
      . . . grandson," described by lead detective Ray Krolak as a "habitual liar" with a police record who,
      just one day after the murders, demanded to see his grandfather's will. But he had an alibi, as did
      another suspect -- an acquaintance of the grandson's who had an extensive criminal record and was
      contracted to do some tile flooring for the murdered couple.

      With no arrests after two years, at the urging of the son and daughter Krolak consulted Renier by


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v17n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:13]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 17 - No. 1

      phone. At her request, he then sent her some objects belonging to the victims. In their follow-up
      conversation, "Krolak is stunned, as Noreen describes the crime scene to a 'T' even though he has
      given her no background on the case." No background? Krolak: "I didn't give her much information. I
      just told her it was a homicide, a double-homicide, and Jake and Dora's names." Oops! Renier (or an
      associate) could have researched the newspaper coverage of the case, had she so desired. Krolak says
      he obtained Renier's telephone records to see if she had made calls to the Albany area but found none,
      convincing him (if not me) that she had done no such research.

      According to Krolak, during Renier's reading "she felt the killer . . . had eaten [at the house] on a few
      occasions . . . and had done some work or was going to do some work in the . . . house." She also is
      said to have come up with the initials "R.S." -- those of the sleazy grandson's sleazier acquaintance.
      But, again, they had alibis. I suspect she may have learned of these prime suspects by non-psychic
      means, but Krolak believes otherwise.

      Frustrated, Krolak decided to fly to Renier's home (in Orlando at that time), taking with him
      photographs of his top 10 suspects. As reenacted on the Court TV program, he laid out the 10 photos
      (upside down at Renier's request) on a tabletop. Narrator: "Noreen immediately eliminates seven
      photos. . . . Krolak is astounded as Noreen, using only her psychic powers, finally reveals the face
      underneath [the first of the three remaining cards]. . . . It is Robert Skinner, the [R.S.] man who has
      been a suspect all along. . . . Her second pick is . . . Skinner's associate [in past crimes]." We hear
      Renier saying that she believes Skinner to be the shooter.

      But now we get to this case's signature claim. Noreen turns over her third card, revealing the face of
      the grandson. Yes, Renier fingers the grandson, saying, "This man planned it." And at Renier's
      urging, Krolak checked the trio's alibis more carefully, found holes, and all three suspects have now
      been convicted.

      I suspect that most viewers came away with the strong impression that Noreen Renier must be the real
      deal. I doubt that more than a fingerful of viewers had benefit of tapes of the following two television
      programs: Geraldo (syndicated, May 30, 1991) and 48 Hours (CBS, May 13, 1992).

      In the latter, CBS News correspondent Doug Tunnell says, "One of the people Noreen led police to
      was a new suspect, a member of the victims' family . . . the grandson." In this version, not only did
      Renier finger the grandson, but by indisputably "psychic" means, since he had not even been a
      suspect. But the Court TV version makes clear that the police were highly suspicious of the grandson
      from the get-go.

      Now for the smoking gun (if there is one) on Geraldo. With Renier on the stage and both Krolak and
      the grandson's mother -- who had encouraged that Renier be brought in on the case -- in the studio
      audience, Geraldo asks the mother, "Marge, are you confronted now with the incredible dilemma that
      the psychic has apparently fingered, or helped to accuse, your own flesh and blood of killing your
      parents, his grandparents?" Marge's reply: "She did not do that. She did not finger my son. She did
      finger the other two."

      The camera cuts to Renier, who merely smiles. She had earlier told Geraldo that she retains little
      memory of her "psychic" readings once they are over. Nor did Krolak contest Marge's statement,
      although he did say immediately thereafter, "During the session . . . Noreen had mentioned that a


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v17n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:13]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 17 - No. 1

      family member [unspecified, it would seem] had brought the killer to the house." Yes, the grandson
      had brought his acquaintance to the house on some previous occasion to arrange for the tiling job, but
      Krolak made clear on the Court TV show that the grandson was definitely not in the vicinity of the
      house on the night of the murders. (Once again, I suspect that Renier may have learned about the
      prime suspects via newspaper accounts or by other prosaic means.) Moments earlier, Krolak did tell
      Geraldo that "I presented [Renier] with 10 photographs and she picked out the killer's picture." But
      there was no mention of Noreen picking out the grandson's picture and fingering him as the
      mastermind.

      So, is Noreen for real? We now know that the CBS News claim of Renier fingering the grandson as a
      new suspect was false. Contained within Geraldo's question to Marge was that, new suspect or not,
      Noreen had nonetheless fingered the grandson. But Marge stated unequivocally, and uncontradicted,
      that even that was false. And the sensational small-town double homicide must have received
      considerable press coverage over the two intervening years. Given all this, it would seem a leap of
      faith to conclude, as Detective Krolak has done, that genuine "psychic" power was required to obtain
      the sort of information that Renier provided. Krolak had even acknowledged on Geraldo that "she
      more or less reaffirmed what we knew previously."

      Upon his discovery (several years after its 1994 publication) of my chapter about Renier in Psychic
      Sleuths, in which I discussed the Geraldo and 48 Hours programs, Krolak sent me an e-mail in
      November 1999:

              . . . In your quest to debunk Noreen you had mentioned my name several times [here and
              here]. . . . You quoted newspaper articles and Geraldo Rivera who, by the way, I had no
              conversation with prior to the show or backstage. As a journalist or reporter or whatever it
              is you do, you would think that a professional like yourself would only deal in facts. You
              made no attempt to contact me before doing your article.

      My reply of the same date, which went unanswered:

              Thank you for your note. . . . I presented your very positive comments, as elicited by
              professional interviewers, regarding Noreen's assistance in the case. It's hard to imagine
              how you could have been any more glowing in your praise of her had I interviewed you
              personally, and I am confident that my readers understand your point of view re: Noreen's
              role in the case.

              Your note implies that I may have conveyed false, inaccurate, and/or misleading
              information to my readers. Your comment in this regard seems related to the matter of
              whether or not you had told Geraldo, prior to his show, that Noreen had fingered the
              grandson as a suspect. Thank you for clarifying this peripheral issue about which I
              included a parenthetical aside in my chapter (I did not state as a certainty that you had
              been Geraldo's source for this information). But your clarification begs the following
              questions:

                      1) Even if you didn't tell Geraldo "prior to the show or backstage," were you
                      still the one who told Geraldo (or his staff) that Noreen fingered the grandson?


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v17n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:13]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 17 - No. 1

                      2) Were you the one who told Doug Tunnell (or his staff) that Noreen fingered
                      the grandson?

                      3) If you weren't the one who told Geraldo and Tunnell, who else could have
                      told them? It wasn't the daughter (she adamantly denied on Geraldo's show that
                      Noreen had fingered her son, and you -- sitting next to her -- did not contest her
                      denial, nor did Noreen). The only other obvious source would seem to be
                      Noreen.

                      4) Was the daughter telling the truth when she adamantly contested Geraldo's
                      statement? If so, whoever fed Geraldo and Tunnell this claim was not being
                      truthful.

                      5) If Noreen did not finger the grandson, and if Noreen is the source of
                      untruthful information about this to two (at least) national TV shows, have you
                      written to her to complain?

      One would think that Court TV's Psychic Detectives staff has watched at least a few hours of the
      station's daytime programming. If so, they must have encountered a cross-examination or two. How
      could they be unaware that the best way to get to the truth of a controversial claim -- especially if it
      involves supernatural powers -- is to present both sides of the issue and subject the claim to intense
      critical scrutiny?

      One would also think that the staff would be aware of this "Psychic Detectives" section of Court TV's
      website, in which James Randi and I are quoted and my chapter about Renier in Psychic Sleuths is
      mentioned -- there are even photos of Randi, me, and the book cover (see chapters 7 and 11 of the
      site's section). To turn the tables on Detective Krolak, why did he not have the staff interview me --
      or, better yet, the daughter -- for the March 24 program?

      I won't even charge Court TV for my idea for a new series, Under Oath, loosely patterned after F. Lee
      Bailey's 1983 show Lie Detector but kicked up a notch: a judge would preside over a mock mini-trial
      with the witnesses strapped to a polygraph, and would have discretion to dispense community service
      sentences to anyone he concludes is deceptive. I'd even pay to have Renier, Krolak and the daughter
      flown to Hollywood.

      Epilogue: I have managed to revive my dialogue with Det. Krolak (see here).


                                              As Jesus is re-crucified on film,
                                               Mary is decapitated in glass
                                                               By Gary P. Posner


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v17n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:13]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 17 - No. 1


      Just days after the opening of Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ, depicting the crucifixion of
      Jesus in excruciatingly gruesome detail, the major local news story was the destruction of three
      window panes (upper right photo) containing the image of Mary on a building in Clearwater.

      By that March 1 afternoon, virtually every local media website was erroneously reporting that the
      image had first appeared in December 1996, shortly before Christmas.

      The St. Petersburg Times, in its March 2 front-page headline story "For Mary's faithful, a shattering
      loss," ignored its own previous reporting about when the image was first known to exist. The article
      included a chronology sidebar titled "History of Mary Image," which began with the December 17,
      1996, sighting. However, as the Times had reported on December 20, 1996, a 1994 Florida
      Department of Transportation photograph showed that the stain had been present even then, though at
      the time it was largely obscured by the palm trees that helped create it -- and which had been removed
      shortly before the 1996 sighting.

      In light of the ubiquitously erroneous reporting, by the evening of March 1 I had sent the following
      information to numerous local media outlets including Channels 8, 10, 13, 28, and Bay News 9, plus
      the Times and the Tampa Tribune:

              Please be reminded (or made aware) that the "Virgin Mary" stains were present in the
              windows for years before they were first noticed in December 1996 shortly after the palm
              trees that helped form them were removed. For details, see here and be sure to follow the
              story's link to the 1994 Florida Department of Transportation photograph of the building,
              which can also be seen [in color] at www.takingvalue.com/VirginMary.html.

      The Clearwater office building was later obtained by the Shepherds of Christ Ministries in 1998 and
      converted into a shrine that they call Our Lady of Clearwater. And while hundreds of thousands of
      people (including myself) have made the pilgrimage to witness the once-resplendent windows, some
      have become obsessed. The March 2 Times article begins: "Nearly every day for the last eight years,
      Sam and Jean Meo have sat beneath the image of the Virgin Mary that adorned the glass windows
      . . ."

      From later in the article: "Ministry leaders said they planned to board up the broken windows . . . then
      possibly install new ones. Though some visitors expressed hope that God would redraw the Virgin
      Mary image on the windows, ministry leaders said they don't expect that to happen."

      The ministry leaders exhibited admirable insight. If their eyesight is comparably acute, they should
      realize that all their problems might be solved simply by removing a few trees from the building's

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v17n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:13]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 17 - No. 1

      west wall, to reveal a similar palm-related stain. Because the foliage is so much denser there today
      than in 1996 when TBS member Guss Wilder took this photo, it is difficult to say whether this image
      is still more reminiscent of the Buddha than of Mary -- as it seemed in 1996 -- or if it has become
      taller and more elegant in the interim.

      Of the individual or individuals responsible for the vandalism (he would later be identified as a
      troubled youth with no intent to commit a "hate crime"), the March 2 Times article quotes one devout
      visitor as saying, "I hope God forgives them." I am not a Catholic, but I couldn't help but wonder at
      the time if the shattering event was not a loving act of God. After all, what better way of conveying
      the heavenly message, to people like the Meos, that there may be more productive pursuits in this
      wondrous world than to obsess on mineral-and-tree-sap-stained window panes?


                                                                     Snippets


      Las Vegas is where the hot action is in terms of debunking the paranormal in all its forms -- in the
      work of the bad boys of magic, Penn & Teller. So hot, in fact, that the newspaper was too timid to
      print the entire name of their TV series: Penn & Teller: Bullshit! Because of Penn Jillette's liberal use
      of profanity when describing the [maternal fornicationists] who are deceiving and sometimes harming
      the public, the show, currently in its second year, is confined to the Showtime channel. But Penn
      reports that a school district has asked for a version of the show with the obscenities bleeped out, for
      use in classrooms. And TBS Report has heard elsewhere that, some day, a redubbed, profanity-free
      version of the entire series will be available for more widespread TV airing.

      (Knight-Ridder via St. Pete Times, April 3)


      Fortunately, for practitioners such as Largo's Deborah Dienstbier, most people don't get enough
      Bullshit! So they seek it out in other forms, such as, in this case, Shusta card readings. A self-
      described "spiritual counselor," Dienstbier uses Shusta, apparently a hybrid of astrology and Tarot, to
      contact literal "spirits" who then impart their wisdom through the cards. Her more fortunate clients
      have been able to take advantage of her special rates at the Largo Spiritual Center Church's monthly
      "ESP Festival," the profits from which are in turn donated to the church.

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v17n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:13]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 17 - No. 1


      (Tampa Tribune [Pasco edition], April 4)


      And "pet psychics," beware. It seems to me that it is only a matter of time before multi-species
      versions of the following item become available. Clearwater mom Cara Thornton has invented a baby
      pacifier that, when sucked, turns a particular color depending upon whether the child is happy,
      anxious, or otherwise stressed. "Green is good. Royal blue may mean . . . a fever," says Thornton. But
      she knows the limitations of her non-scientific breakthrough: "This isn't a medical pacifier, just a
      novelty gift." Yet, it has been deemed so unique that Thornton is among the 100 finalists in the
      inaugural "Invent Now America" contest sponsored by the National Inventors Hall of Fame.

      (St. Pete Times, April 8)


                                                           TBS in the Media
      Gary Posner was quoted in The Record (northern New Jersey) in Bob Ivrey's article about prayer and
      healing, as well as in Reed Williams' article in the Charlottesville Daily Progress about Noreen
      Renier and her move back to Virginia from Florida (also see Posner's unpublished letter to the Daily
      Progress).

      On May 4, Posner was one of Kathy Fountain's guests on Your Turn, along with Donna Jean Guerra
      of Tampa's Harmony Metaphysical Church, and "Quantum Touch" promoter Richard Gordon.


                                                          Letter to the Editor
      Editor: After reading the Daily Progress article about Noreen Renier in which you were quoted [see
      above], I reread your chapter on Renier in Psychic Sleuths and, for the first time, your follow-up
      articles on the web. I am very impressed, indeed overwhelmed, by the time and effort you have put
      into investigating Renier's claims. Your analyses are very effective and compelling. We all owe you
      many, many thanks for so arduously pursuing these investigations.

      --Bruce Martin, Ph.D.
        Prof. Emeritus of Chemistry
        University of Virginia, Charlottesville
        rbm4t@virginia.edu


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v17n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:13]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 17 - No. 1


                                                       A Creepy Coincidence
      I am still a dyed-in-the-wool skeptic, but on May 20 I got a taste of the kind of coincidence that is so
      rare it fuels non-skeptical beliefs. Two days earlier, I had dreamed about an old high school friend of
      mine, someone I hadn't thought about in years and years. I even went to our yearbook the next day to
      look up his picture. Just one day after that, I received an e-mail from another classmate, telling me
      that our old friend, who lived in Austin, Texas, had died a few days earlier. (Cue the Twilight Zone
      theme, but then read John Allen Paulos' writings about coincidences.)

      --Terry A. Smiljanich
        TBS Chairman


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                        © 2004 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v17n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:13]
