{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T13:12:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 72024, "source_ctime_ns": 1790241429354947595, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-10-no-1---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790241429343287239, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-10-no-1---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "62a98e92774ebc73f842152b77b0e3eb3d6f930df0ae61d0d8998e7f7157b2e4"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 10 - No. 1


                                                           Selected articles from
                                                       VOL. 10 NO. 1 SUMMER 1997


                   Noreen Renier / Williston "psychic detective" case follow-up report

                                                               by Gary P. Posner

      Subsequent to the publication of our two-part report on Florida "psychic detective" Noreen Renier's
      involvement in the Williston, Florida, case of missing person Norman Lewis (see Fall '96 and Winter
      '96-97 issues), several additional items remain in need of attention.

      In stark contrast to A&E's coverage of the case on the January 9 edition of The Unexplained (rerun
      several times since), which was appropriately balanced due to my own participation on the program,
      the Sci-Fi Channel's November 15th Sightings included no skeptical input. The Sightings narrator
      asks, but is unable to answer, the question, "Why did Norman disappear?" No mention is made of
      Investigator Brian Hewitt's May 12, 1995, report (two months prior to Renier's reading) in which he
      had detailed Lewis' "rock pit" suicide scenario, as related to him by a friend of Lewis (see Winter
      issue). But in fairness to Sightings, this information had also been withheld by the police from the
      A&E producer.

      Renier performed a re-creation, for the Sightings cameras, of her original "psychic" reading. In doing
      so, she appears to have strayed from her reading with regard to her "21" clue, so as to now associate
      the number "21" with "miles." (After Lewis' body was found, the police credited the "21" clue as
      remarkably accurate because the body was recovered exactly "2.1 miles" from Lewis' home.) Says
      Renier on Sightings, eyes closed, feigning a trance-like state, "Numbers -- 21. I feel miles."

      But as previously reported (Winter), an edited audiotape of Renier's reading, obtained from the police
      file, contains only the following reference to mileage: "Speedometer is zero in front of the house. . . .
      Maybe 4, maybe 5. If it's 45 miles, if it's 4.5 miles. . . ." On that edited tape, there is no mention of
      "21" in any context, but there is the following: "One point, or one-one point two. I see two-two-I [the
      letter 'I']." Neither is there a "21" clue on the edited videotape (to be discussed later). But Hewitt's
      five-page, handwritten summary of Renier's reading includes a string of numbers and letters


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v10n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:09]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 10 - No. 1

      resembling a "stream of consciousness" clue, with no particular regard to mileage, in the midst of
      which the number "21" appears: "221 22 21 2I H EML E 11.2."

      The "45 miles" clue is puzzling, as Renier has been credited with correctly determining that Lewis
      would be found a short distance from his home. From her Sightings re-creation: "I'm driving for a
      short distance, and then something happens, and I see him in the air, going downward." And from the
      videotape of her original reading:

              Norman's house is here [gesturing to the right with her right arm]. Here's the road
              [gesturing straight ahead with her left arm]. We go this way [pointing straight ahead with
              her left hand]. . . . But we don't go very far that way, we're going to veer off here [pointing
              left with her left hand] . . . towards the river. And for some reason the river is down below
              [as if describing Lewis' arrival at the pit/quarry's sheer cliff].

      This passage on the videotape appears to be a "smoking gun" with regard to the body of water to
      which Renier's directions actually lead. As I postulated in the Fall TBS Report -- before we had
      received any of the police reports or tapes -- Renier's clues (as I then understood them to be) seemed
      to lead not to the Whitehurst pit (located just a few degrees east of due north of Lewis' home) where
      the body was ultimately found, but rather to another rock pit much closer to, and just a few degrees
      south of due east of, his home.

      During two visits to Williston in regard to this case (accompanied both times by fellow TBS member
      Glenn Thompson, who videotaped them), I viewed the Lewis residence, located at 752-A N.W. 7th
      Blvd. With the home on the right side of the street, proceeding straight ahead (as per Renier's
      "psychic" vision) leads southeasterly for approx. one-third mile, at which time the road curves left to
      a due east bearing, until N.W. 7th Blvd. ends at its intersection with U.S. 41, approx. one-half mile
      from the Lewis home. Another quarter-mile or so due east, dead ahead (no pun intended), is a massive
      rock quarry, the most prominent feature on my Williston roadmap.

      Summarizing Renier's role, the Sightings narrator says, "Investigator Hewitt put all of Renier's clues
      together, used some gut instinct of his own, and came up with one word -- 'Quarry.'" As alluded to
      earlier (and as reported upon more fully in our Winter issue), Hewitt had actually learned two weeks
      earlier of Lewis' plans for ending his life in a quarry. In the video of Renier's actual reading for the
      police, she refers to the body of water as a "river" (although she seems puzzled as to why it goes
      "down" such a sheer cliff). But the word "quarry" is uttered once on the video, not after Hewitt has a
      chance to digest all of Renier's clues and apply his "gut instinct," but in the midst of the session by an
      unidentified male questioner present with Hewitt in Renier's living room: "Now look at that quarry.
      As you're looking at it and looking at it from the entrance there . . . "

      Following Renier's reading, did the police zero-in on one quarry to which Noreen's directions
      pointed? Hewitt says on Sightings that he "walked around probably 30 quarries" before deciding that
      the Whitehurst pit most closely matched the totality of Renier's clues. That may indeed have been his
      reason for calling in the Navy divers to scour that one pit, which did result in Lewis' body and truck
      being recovered. But his initial rationale for concentrating on the Whitehurst pit was described this
      way in his 7/21/95 report, six days after Renier's reading: " . . . the Whitehurst pits are an obvious first
      impression because of there [sic] location, being the closest and the most accessible from the Lewis
      residence." [The pit to the east is actually about twice as close.]

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v10n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:09]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 10 - No. 1


      As for this "eastern" pit to which Renier's directions actually seem to point, a person with some inside
      knowledge about the police investigation (who allowed me to tape our conversation but requests
      anonymity) has told me that the police had planned to do, and may have done, some "exploratory
      diving" in this pit. "This was the prime target for the investigation after the [reading]," says my
      source. "They didn't know there was a [railroad] track" at the Whitehurst pit ("railroad tracks" was
      one of Renier's clues, as detailed in our Fall issue). At the eastern pit "the water drops straight off . . .
      40-50 feet [deep]."

      At the conclusion of the Sightings report, the narrator explained how Renier's "22" clue had also been
      remarkably accurate: When Lewis' body was recovered, it was noted that "the calendar date on
      Norman's diving watch was stopped on the number 22." For the record, he had disappeared and
      presumably committed suicide on the 24th of March, 1994. [I suspect that the "22" really represented
      the number of barnacles affixed to the truck.]

      How the Renier police tapes (albeit edited) were obtained is an intriguing story in itself. On July 17,
      1996, a Tampa attorney (who desires no publicity) made a Public Records Request of the Williston
      Police Department (pursuant to Chapter 119 of the Florida Statutes) requesting their complete file on
      the case, explicitly mentioning "all videotapes [and] audiotapes." When a copy of the file arrived in
      late August, there was no video or audiotape, even though the press had reported that the session had
      been recorded in both manners. During subsequent conversations with Hewitt, the attorney reiterated
      his request for the tapes, and was belatedly advised that an audiotape did in fact exist in the file and
      would be provided. As for a videotape, on September 3 Hewitt wrote: "As I have advised you in
      several telephone conversations, the only [video]tape contained in the requested file . . . is of the
      recovery, which you indicated you did not want."

      When even the promised audiotape failed to arrive, the attorney wrote to Hewitt again on October 28,
      threatening to file a lawsuit "if a copy of the [audio]tape is not presented to us within seven (7) days."
      It was apparently the Police Department's position that the video of Renier's reading was the private
      property of the Lewis family (who paid for her services) rather than part of the official police file, and
      thus was not covered by the Public Records Act. The audiotape was finally mailed by Hewitt on
      October 30.

      Because the edited tape runs for less than six minutes, the attorney wrote back on December 9
      requesting "a complete copy of the audiotape." Hewitt responded with a letter explaining that the tape
      "is the only audio tape I have regarding Noreen Renier's session [and] was expressly made [from a
      more lengthy original] for field use with regard to the location of Mr. Lewis." Most curiously, the
      letter continued: "You are requesting additional material. . . . We are under no obligation to provide
      you with any material without prepayment. Therefore, with your payment of [an additional $14.00] . .
      . I will forward to you the only remaining tape I have regarding this case."

      Although assuming that the "only remaining tape" was a video of the recovery of the truck and body
      (as Hewitt previously contended), the attorney nonetheless forked over the $14.00. Incredibly, on
      January 27 he received from Hewitt a videotape of Renier's reading which, despite having been
      crudely edited down to about 14 minutes, still contained the "smoking gun" sequence.

      In an accompanying letter dated January 14, Hewitt informed the attorney that he had "filed for


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v10n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:09]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 10 - No. 1

      mediation with the State Attorney General's office . . . to assure you [that] we are in full compliance
      under the Florida Public Records Act." Through the mediator, the attorney has since posed several
      questions, including these: "Why did the police department initially deny having a videotape and
      thereafter send us one?" "One map . . . depicts an area labeled 'Noreen's quadrant.' Who drew this
      quadrant on the map?" [As reported in our Winter issue, on the tapes Renier describes a "quadrant
      from 9 to 12" (which would not encompass either of the two pertinent rock pits), yet the map's
      quadrant runs from 11:00 to 2:00, with the Whitehurst pit right in the middle.] "What is the personal
      relationship, if any, between Detective Hewitt and Noreen Renier?"

      This third question was prompted by two peculiar circumstances -- the apparent initial withholding of
      information by Hewitt, and a stunning move by Renier: After living in Orlando for more than 20
      years, she has now packed her bags and relocated to Williston!

      Additionally, an item contained in an undated police report, filed by Hewitt sometime after his
      session with Renier, does not appear to comport at all with her reading, at least as it is excerpted on
      the tapes. Writes Hewitt, "She picked out CR 501 on local map which I provided, indicating it was the
      road Lewis had traveled after leaving his residence, in a northerly direction." The attorney has
      amended his question list to include one about this item.

      But we will probably have to do without the answers to these questions. The mediator has written
      back informing the attorney that the Public Records Act does not compel Hewitt to respond. And the
      attorney has now also heard from the Williston City Attorney: "[Y]ou have [already] received all
      public records in possession of the City relating to [this] investigation."


                                                      CHAIRMAN'S CORNER

                                                            by Terry A. Smiljanich

                                                                 High-Tech Toys

      When the 39 bodies were found at Rancho Santa Fe, each person had spending cash and a carefully
      packed bag of extra clothes and personal belongings. They each fully expected that the UFO
      following Comet Hale-Bopp would pick them up and carry them away to Paradise. Their work here
      on Earth, creating web pages for internet sites, was over. Thus ended the story of Heaven's Gate, the
      "cybercult" darling of the media. A made-for-TV movie, The 40th Victim, is already in the works.
      Check your local listings, as they say, for time and station.

      The New Yorker, meanwhile, reported on a camera shop in Southern California that had sold an
      expensive 3 1/2" Questar Maksutov-Cassegrain telescope (a favorite of amateur astronomers for
      decades) to two of the Heaven's Gate cult members, who said that they wanted to see the UFO
      following Hale-Bopp. They came back weeks later to return the telescope, disappointed that it could
      not reveal the UFO and was thus obviously a defective instrument.

      All of this nonsense about Hale-Bopp (a lovely gossamer sight in the Northwestern skies throughout
      April and May) started when Chuck Shramek, an amateur astronomer in Houston, took a CCD image


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v10n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:09]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 10 - No. 1

      of the comet last November when it was still far from the Sun (a CCD camera uses video technology
      to capture digital images of astronomical objects). He saw what he thought was a "Saturn-like object"
      near the comet which he could not find on his star chart software, and immediately informed the
      national Art Bell radio talk show. Art Bell broadcast the exciting news and touted it on his World
      Wide Web page, where it was picked up by, among others, the gullible members of Heaven's Gate.
      Little did it matter to this crowd that the strange object was nothing more than an insignificant eighth-
      magnitude star with typical diffraction patterns creating spikes.

      Isn't it amazing how far our technology has come and how little we as humans have progressed? We
      are surrounded by the products of 20th century physics. These products allow us to watch on live TV
      as astronauts fix the Hubble Space Telescope, and allow us to access scientific data from around the
      world via the Net. Yet how many people have even a vague idea of how a television set works, or
      how it even creates the illusion of moving pictures? How many people think of their computers as
      magical black boxes? We are indeed surrounded by incredible technological marvels, but we treat
      them as toys. Television becomes a way to waste an evening watching mindless sitcoms or, worse,
      viewing a pseudoscientific show about the extraterrestrials who built the Great Pyramids. The Internet
      becomes a vast marketplace of nonsense, pornography, chat rooms, and miracle cures. I assure you
      that for every website such as the Tampa Bay Skeptics, there are five psychic network sites, UFO
      sites, etc.

      Our ability to probe the depths of quantum behavior or explore the vastness of the universe is far
      exceeded by our tendency to succumb to our fear of death or an indifferent universe. So we turn our
      technology into a means to satisfy our "spiritual" needs. Three hundred years of the Scientific
      Revolution, and we are still groping for supernatural answers to the tough questions posed by life.

      20,000 years ago, in Italy, a Paleolithic man was buried with ivory pendants, bracelets, a pet dog, and
      assorted other possessions, presumably to accompany him in his journey to the hereafter. Even older
      Neandertal burials indicate similar evidence of ritual and burial artifacts. The 39 members of
      Heaven's Gate, with their packed bags and spending money, show us that technology's toys are in the
      hands of Stone Age minds.


                                  Randi on cult suicide, UFOs, and media complicity

      We've recently seen another example of organized madness, with the mass suicide of thirty-nine
      Heaven's Gate cult members in California. . . . Certainly, the need to "belong" drives cult members
      together, but the bizarre ideas that then separate them from society needed to have been encouraged
      and cemented into place.

      How to do that? Judging from other "successful" cults such as Jim Jones and his Peoples' Temple --
      another such suicide crowd -- and from the recent Solar Temple suicides, heavy preaching of nuttery
      does the job. And any support that can be obtained through the media is eagerly sought and embraced.
      The strange notion that media and media personalities would not give attention to worthless ideas
      seems to persist; exactly the opposite is true.

      We're told that the Heaven's Gate cult embraced the stupid assertion that comet Hale-Bopp is

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v10n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:09]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 10 - No. 1

      accompanied by a huge UFO, to which these dupes thought they could migrate by killing themselves.
      Strange, weird notion. But it was invented, promoted, and encouraged by two men who I believe
      should now be confronted with the result of their callous "joke." Ed Dames, a would-be "remote
      viewer" who has peppered the media with outright lies about my long-standing challenge to "psychic"
      powers, and who has said that I've refused to test his wondrous powers, came up with the Hale-
      Bopp/UFO farce, and may have given the deluded Heaven's Gate people the final item they needed to
      convince them that suicide would deliver them to Nirvana. Behind Dames, feeding off his nutty
      notions, is radio personality Art Bell. Bell proudly claims that he's heard nightly on 400 stations
      across the USA. And to hold onto that audience, he unconscionably promotes every sort of stupidity
      that he can attract.

      I've been advised by a colleague that it was actually a Chuck Shramek who first came up with the
      absurd claim of a "Saturn-like object" supposedly following Comet Hale-Bopp around. Not to our
      surprise, he was quickly put on the air by Art Bell to spin his fantasies. Bell knows how to pander to
      silly folks.

      And a former "student" of Ed Dames, Courtney Brown, of the Farsight Institute (maybe that should
      be Farside"?), says he dispatched a team of Remote Viewers to go off into space and see this Hale-
      Bopp companion close-up. Had we watched, we might have seen the Tooth Fairy and Easter Bunny in
      that giddy group.

      I understand that Brown and Dames aren't speaking now. Brown had the nerve to offer remote-
      viewing videotapes for sale, the same as his mentor is doing. A nut breaking off from the tree.

      Dames and Bell, j'accuse. You've giggled at those who have been terrified by the lies, and you've
      chosen to ignore the possibilty that suggestible people would accept those lies, and might act on them.
      And I'm sure you have no trouble sleeping.

      --James Randi (via e-mail "Hotline")


                                                                     Snippets


      According to cult expert Janja Lalich, Heaven's Gate is just the tip of the iceberg. "It's not a question
      of what's out there, but what isn't out there," says the 52-year-old escapee from a 1970s San Francisco


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v10n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:09]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 10 - No. 1

      commune. Members of the Garbage Eaters Brotherhood, led by Jim Roberts, wander the west coast
      rummaging for sustenance, while blaming their tummyaches on Satan rather than on Brother Jim. A
      former French race-car driver, now known as Rael, preaches to his flock that humans were created in
      alien laboratories. Just outside San Diego, a 76-year-old retired psychology professor named Charles
      Spiegel, who believes he was Cardinal Richelieu in a former life, heads the Unarius Academy of
      Science, which has determined (scientifically, no doubt) that 1,000 humanoids from the planet Myton
      will arrive on earth in the year 2001 (give or take), landing their 33 spaceships upon Atlantis (which
      will simultaneously arise from the Carribean) and bringing with them a cure for cancer. And
      followers of Dorothy Martin, who before her death channeled messages from Commander Sananda,
      are still waiting patiently for Sananda to pick them up in his/her/its spaceship.

      (St. Petersburg Times, April 4)


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                                  Copyright (c) 1997 by Tampa Bay Skeptics.


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v10n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:09]
