{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T00:06:50Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 36864, "source_ctime_ns": 1790212530903113818, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-15-no-2---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790212530893852747, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-15-no-2---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "ca435cffef822af39612baa2730b618e215edfa252597d4e40041e7193362b6f"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 15 - No. 2


                                                            Selected articles from
                                                          VOL. 15 NO. 2 FALL 2002


                                         Therapeutic Touch, Energy Therapy
                                           featured in St. Petersburg Times
                                                               by Gary P. Posner

      On July 29, the front page of the "Tampa & State" section of the St. Petersburg Times featured an
      article entitled "Healing with Touch." According to the subtitle, "Patients and doctors in mainstream
      hospitals are coming to rely on therapeutic touch." If that claim were literally true, the American
      physician's sad devolution back to "Medicine Man" would have neared its completion.

      Staff writer Dong-Phuong Nguyen does accurately define therapeutic touch (TT) as "a controversial
      form of faith therapy . . . which claims to temporarily rid the body of pain and discomfort through the
      shifting of energy." And she does acknowledge that TT "has its critics." She quotes Dr. Stephen
      Barrett, an expert on quackery: "The whole idea is based on delusion. It makes as much sense as
      saying we're having Ghostbusters come to the patient's bedside [to] get rid of the ghosts. . . . If it is
      represented as healing activity, that is fraud."

      The term "therapeutic touch" is itself a misnomer. The practitioner does not touch the patient at all.
      Describing a session that took place at Tampa General Hospital with an ailing cardiac patient, Nguyen
      writes: "Eileen Weber's hands scan the air above [the patient's] body, gently, rhythmically. . . . She
      sweeps a few inches above the woman's head, down her body, all the way to her toes, feeling for an
      energy field. When she senses imbalance, Weber motions like she is wiping it away."

      Local cardiothoracic surgeon Cristobal Alvarado had read about Weber in a Tampa General Hospital
      newsletter and called her in to treat that patient, who "has been sick for many years and is going to be
      in the hospital for many months. . . . I don't know if . . . I believe [in TT] or not. . . . But we need to
      address our patients' psychological and spiritual needs." TGH spokesman John Dunn told reporter
      Nguyen, "If this process helps a patient to relax and [better cope] with pain . . . who is someone from


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v15n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:34]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 15 - No. 2

      the outside to judge whether a patient feels better or not? . . . As long as it is understood for what it is,
      who's anyone to shoot arrows at it?"

      And just what is TT? At issue is the very existence of the "energy fields" that its practitioners claim
      to be able to detect. Two corollary issues are: (1) Even if such energy fields exist (and there is no
      scientific evidence that they do), can practitioners truly sense them? (2) If TT practitioners can sense
      them, can they really restore the fields into "balance" by waving their hands above the patient's body?

      As I pointed out in a letter to the Times, "One of the hot human interest stories in the summer of 1998
      was that of a Colorado girl whose 6th-grade science project, demonstrating the imaginary nature of
      Therapeutic Touch's purported "energy fields," became a major article in the Journal of the American
      Medical Association. How soon we forget."

      I went on to add: "The Tampa Bay Skeptics' '$1,000 Challenge' prize, and a place in history, awaits
      any local practitioner able to demonstrate to us, under proper testing conditions, that Therapeutic
      Touch is genuine. Its effectiveness as a placebo, in making suggestible subjects feel better, is not in
      doubt. In that respect, it works every bit as well as 'psychic surgery.' How unfair that hospitals such as
      Tampa General employ one such 'healing' modality and not the other."

      Not only did the Times not publish my letter, but on August 6 it ran a nearly full-page feature article,
      "The Force is With Us All," about Donna Eden and her book, Energy Medicine. The 59-year-old
      self-described "energy healer" claims to teach in her books and workshops (like the one in St. Pete. on
      Aug. 11) how others can redirect their own body's "lattice of force fields" for better health. It sure
      works for her (allegedly)! She claims to have been so severely afflicted with multiple sclerosis in her
      early 30s that she was bedridden and unable to "even take vitamins and herbs because my body would
      throw them up."

      Fortunately, Eden discovered her brand of "energy healing," which differs from TT in that it involves
      physical touch and can be self-administered. I'm sure it works as well as a warm bath. But as for
      curing MS . . .


                                                     On ghosts and gullibility
                                                                by Jack Robinson

      Sara Stone "collects scientific data to prove the existence of supernatural energy," according to a July
      20 Tampa Tribune article. If true, this would be fascinating, so I attended her presentation at the
      Jimmie B. Keel Regional Library on the evening of July 24.

      The program called for Stone to "present a history of investigations and ghostly hoaxes and share her
      personal experiences." I had hoped this meant that she would give an unbiased talk, and discuss one
      or more cases in detail -- so we could clearly perceive her methods and judge the validity of her
      conclusions. Alas, no.


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v15n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:34]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 15 - No. 2

      The room was the same large one where TBS has held meetings. But this time there were chairs for
      90 people, and latecomers were turned away when all seats were filled. How sad that skeptical
      programs cannot get such effective publicity and such large attendance!

      One of the library staff members welcomed the audience and introduced Ms. Stone with a virtual
      endorsement, as if the occurrence of paranormal phenomena has been proved. This apparent
      participation by the library -- a public, educational institution -- disturbed me. I learned later,
      however, that endorsing programs is not in accord with library policy.

      Also disturbing was the apparent gullibility of the Tribune reporter, Jill M. Revelle, and Stone's
      announcement that "the girl from the Tampa Tribune will work with [Stone] in preparation for an
      October presentation -- a big article will come out."

      A sophisticated lecturer, Stone presented an interesting history of paranormal beliefs and
      investigations. Unfortunately, however, it included many unsubstantiated claims. Stone said she
      herself has contacted Abraham Lincoln, experienced ESP, and perceived ghosts. "Ghosts are
      everywhere, in all cultures." (She should have said that people everywhere believe in ghosts.) She
      takes eyewitness accounts of ghosts at face value, and thinks that surveys have furnished proof of
      them. She believes in reincarnation, and thinks she has a connection with the Victorian age.

      Stone claimed that the Society for Psychical Research has used scientific data to validate the concept
      of ghosts. SPR created standards which, if followed, would properly indicate the occurrence of a
      haunting: unaccountable movements of objects; unaccountable noises, smells, etc.; touches; feelings
      of cold or heat; feelings of horror, disgust, or fear; feelings of being watched. But are these
      experiences caused only by ghosts?!

      Stone's toolkit for investigators includes a flashlight and extra batteries -- the extra batteries are
      needed because "an entity can steal energy from batteries." She stated that a compass will be affected
      by the presence of ghosts. And there are magical ways to dispel ghosts.

      Occasionally Stone made what sounded like properly skeptical remarks: Investigators now believe
      that 98% of ghostly occurrences are hoaxes, and we must rule out natural explanations. But she also
      presents, as evidence for ghosts, photographs with small spots that she calls orbs." TBS member and
      photographer Guss Wilder has examined them and comments, "Her photos consist of the type of 'orb'
      pictures that you or I could take, plus one that looks like the lab spilled some chemicals on it." Take a
      look for yourself.

      In my opinion, Stone's most enlightening remark was that people believe ghosts exist because they
      reinforce the concept of life after death.

      The program concluded with a score of questions and comments -- all in total agreement. It was truly
      a gathering of gullibles.


                                          A phone call to TBS re: Dennis Lee

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v15n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:34]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 15 - No. 2


      A man in Tampa called TBS seeking advice about purchasing a "dealership" from Dennis Lee. I
      referred him to the Skeptic's Dictionary write-up about Lee, who has been touting his "free energy"
      devices for a quarter century. When the caller asked, "Then what's that machine he demonstrated?" I
      reminded him that he's probably also seen a woman sawed in half. I think he got my point, and
      hopefully saved himself $50,000.


                                 TBS $1,000 Challenger fails to follow through
      Our last newsletter announced a possible TBS "$1,000 Challenge" that was tentatively to have been
      conducted immediately after the June 29 TBS meeting. Charles Mueller, a representative for an
      elderly gentleman named Arthur Hartman of Fort Pierce, had negotiated with TBS the conditions for
      a simple test of Art's ability to dowse for brass. However, as the meeting date approached, Charles
      ceased responding to our e-mails. Subsequent e-mails from TBS have gone unanswered as well.


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                                         © 2002 by Tampa Bay Skeptics


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v15n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:34]
