{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T15:14:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 38922, "source_ctime_ns": 1790349269794076775, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-10-no-2---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790349269792705738, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-10-no-2---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "67561f9cb2d579813aec635d1eeb021adb4671d8a24fa8611dd63af13e1cfa68"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 10 - No. 2


                                                            Selected articles from
                                                          VOL. 10 NO. 2 FALL 1997


                              Florida's "Dolphin Therapy" to be featured on the BBC

                                                          by Miles W. Hardy, Ph.D.

      CSICOP recently received an inquiry from Vanessa Colosi of the British Broadcasting Company in
      London. She was seeking skeptical input about claims of "Lourdes-like" physical healings attributed
      to human-dolphin interactions, a popular subject in the British press and a phenomenon that, as I
      came to learn, is allegedly occurring on a regular basis in south Florida.

      Colosi was referred by CSICOP to TBS and then specifically to me, in my capacity as a clinical
      psychologist and TBS vice chairman. Within a few days I received her preliminary call, and not long
      thereafter a follow-up and an invitation to participate in a BBC documentary on the subject.

      On the morning of August 13 I was flown, at BBC expense, to Miami, and met their team at their
      hotel. The crew of five consisted of Ms. Colosi, two additional female producers/interviewers, a
      camerman and a soundman. They had all just returned from what they referred to as the Dolphin
      Treatment Center in Key Largo, having interviewed both dolphin trainers and individuals who gave
      testimony of amazing observations and treatment successes involving dolphin-human contact,
      particularly with children.

      I felt my role was to provide a skeptical view and alternative explanations regarding what was clearly
      a primary story about the special, even paranormal, powers of dolphins to sense (perhaps in part by
      use of their echo-locating or sonar abilities) and treat illnesses in humans. I stressed that the skeptical
      position is not to deny such possibilities, but to point out the need for proper scientific research and
      evidence/proof of the purported elements that may or may not actually be evident in such claims. I
      discussed a variety of possible psychological explanations that might be playing a role in reported
      healings, including the desperation of parents to explore any and all possibilities for healing their
      children (or themselves), the drama of flying to another country for therapy (e.g., from Britain to
      Florida), the water and sunshine, the glamour of swimming with exotic animals, and other


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v10n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:10]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 10 - No. 2

      manifestations of suggestibility and the placebo effect.

      My interview lasted about an hour, and left me impressed with the BBC's professionalism and
      technical skills. I felt support from them for my skeptical position, as they clearly exhibited an "open-
      minded" approach as opposed to one of total belief. I requested a videotape of the program, which is
      expected to air on the BBC in October, and they agreed to provide me with one. It will be interesting
      to see how they edit my interview in their presentation of the skeptical position on dolphin-healing
      therapy.


                                                      CHAIRMAN'S CORNER

                                                            by Terry A. Smiljanich

                                                        Science Fiction and Skeptics

      I am a big fan of science fiction. When I was young, I devoured books by Robert Heinlein and Isaac
      Asimov. The Foundation Trilogy and Starship Troopers were my favorites. The movies that came
      out in the mid-fifties were some of the greatest science fiction movies of all time -- Forbidden
      Planet, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Conquest of Space, Invaders From Mars. I could go on and
      on.

      I have noticed over the years that fellow skeptics often share this love of science fiction. This should
      not be surprising, since skeptics usually are fascinated with science. We love a good flying-saucer
      movie even if we know that an actual reliable UFO sighting is non-existent. Our belief that this big
      universe might harbor many other life forms does not color our healthy skepticism when someone
      reports a UFO abduction or shows up with a photograph of "strange lights."

      In fact, I often wonder whether believers in paranormal phenomena are themselves fans of science
      fiction. If they are, their built-in "fact vs. fiction meter" must be broken.

      Some recent science fiction movies, such as Men In Black, rely less upon realism and more on
      fantasy. Contact, however, is a realistic portrayal of the search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI).
      One would expect no less from the imagination of Carl Sagan, on whose book the movie is based.
      Although far from a perfect film, Contact captures the full wonder of science, from the beginning
      sequence, which runs the clock back to the Big Bang, to an ending that epitomizes the eternal
      questioning that is science.

      It was also refreshing to see a positive portrayal of a scientist (played by Jodie Foster) for a change --
      in fact, a scientist who did not believe in God. When was the last time you saw a Hollywood movie
      with a non-religious central character? In fact, her non-belief is a central idea in this film. The movie
      also does a good job of illustrating the silliness that would surround a genuine contact with
      extraterrestrials.

      This leads me to a discussion of The X-Files, a Fox television series based upon the exploits of an
      FBI team devoted to investigations of paranormal phenomena, UFOs, etc. CSICOP recently invited


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v10n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:10]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 10 - No. 2

      the creator and executive producer, Chris Carter, to its convention to discuss the series. The
      discussion included several criticisms of Mr. Carter for pandering to dangerous beliefs in government
      conspiracies and UFO abductions. Carter defended himself with the simple proposition that his series
      is science fiction and is not presented as fact.

      I had never seen The X-Files, but when my local video store started carrying past episodes, I checked
      out a few. Even though the plots fall more into the fantasy mode, I confess I got hooked. The exploits
      of agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully are rousingly good science fiction -- well written, well acted
      and well photographed. Yes, there are stories of channelers, of UFO abductions, of crashed Roswell
      aliens -- but this is fiction and I accept it for what it is.

      We skeptics shouldn't take ourselves so seriously that we cannot accept good entertainment as such.
      In fact, in what other TV series will you hear CSICOP itself being mentioned (as I did in one
      episode), or a reference to the "Gulf Breeze hoax?" The series has as its theme, "The Truth is Out
      There." As Agent Scully (the more skeptical of the duo) said in one episode, however, "There are lies
      out there, too."

      So, as long as we keep our perspective on the difference between fact and fiction, there's nothing
      wrong with enjoying a good science fiction story, even if it is based upon current myths such as alien
      abductions. Congratulations on the quality of your series, Mr. Carter. But remember, it's all just make
      believe.


                                    "Psychic" Noreen Renier addresses international
                                        "crime investigation" seminar in Britain

      Upon performing a world wide web "Yahoo" search in May on "Noreen+Renier+psychic," I got this
      "hit": http://www.britcoun.org/seminars/science/isef7021.htm.

      I had stumbled upon the web site for the non-profit British Council which, according to its literature,
      is "the United Kingdom's international network for education, culture and development services." The
      page containing reference to Florida "psychic detective" Noreen Renier was entitled "British Council:
      International Seminars," and was promoting the Council's "second international seminar on advancing
      the scientific investigation of crime," to take place July 6 through July 18 in the medieval city of
      Durham, England.

      As the text stated, "The need for scientific support to the police investigator has never been greater.
      This seminar is designed to bring delegates up to date with new technology for crime scene
      investigation and forensic analysis. In addition, delegates will learn about initiatives being taken for
      the training of crime scene examiners and forensic scientists. There will be formal presentations by
      national authorities in each field, together with workshop sessions in which there will be opportunities
      for delegates to participate fully in group discussion."

      The text continued: "The programme will include visits to the National Training Centre for Scientific
      Support to Crime Investigation and to the Laboratories of the Forensic Science Service. Main themes
      will include the organisation and structure of scientific support to the police investigator, the training

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v10n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:10]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 10 - No. 2

      of crime scene examiners and fingerprint experts, academic accreditation and National Vocational
      Qualifications in scientific support skills, the training of forensic scientists in DNA profiling
      technology, fingerprint enhancement techniques, automatic fingerprint recognition, offender profiling,
      facial identification techniques, and quality management and external accreditation."

      The list of expected speakers included a Sergeant, an Assistant Chief, a Chief Constable, and a
      Trainer in Cognitive Interview Skills (from various Constabularies), a forensic examiner of tape
      recordings/speech/language samples, a professor of pathology from the University of Sheffield, a
      pediatrician from Royal Victoria Hospital, a document examiner, the National Director of Police
      Training, a DNA specialist and the Director General from the Forensic Science Service, the Head of
      Fingerprint Training at the National Training Centre, and, oh yes, "Ms. Noreen Renier, Psychic
      Dectective, Florida, USA."

      The seminar was designed to be "of interest to chief officers of police, senior police officers who have
      responsiblity for the scientific investigation of crime, forensic scientists, crime scene examiners, and
      those responsible for training in the field of scientific support to crime investigation."

      The chaps who organized this important seminar did a jolly good job of bringing together a
      distinguished team of experts in varioius scientific disciplines related to crime investigation. And, as
      far as "psychic detectives" are concerned, Noreen Renier enjoys a stellar reputation among a number
      of influential law enforcement experts, as I documented in the chapter on Renier that I contributed to
      Psychic Sleuths (Prometheus Books, 1994). But what does the participation of a so-called "psychic
      detective" have to do with advancing the scientific investigation of crime, which, after all, was this
      seminar's stated purpose?

      After reading their material, I sent an e-mail (to International.Seminars@britcoun.org) in which I did
      not explicitly request that they reconsider their invitation to Renier, but simply referred them to my
      chapter on Renier (available on America Online) and to the more recent articles on Renier posted both
      on TBS's and my own web sites. I received no response to indicate that my note was received or
      followed-up on. After the conference's conclusion, I again wrote for confirmation as to whether or not
      Renier had indeed participated. Once again, I received no reply.

      --Gary Posner


                                                                     Snippets

      The CIA recently released a study concluding that most UFO sightings in the 1950s and '60s were the
      result of glimpses of U-2 and SR-71 spy planes, launched from secret U.S. bases during the Cold War
      and flown across the world. But some of this report's harshest critics are UFO skeptics, including
      Philip J. Klass, the semi-retired senior editor with Aviation Week magazine and author of the
      bimonthly Skeptics UFO Newsletter. In a well-intentioned yet off-target effort of the government to
      "come clean," this CIA report claims that the Air Force had systematically lied about the source of
      most UFOs by explaining away the spy plane observations as "natural phenomena such as ice crystals
      and temperature inversions." But as Klass points out in his September issue of SUN, the "Mirages &
      [Temperature] Inversions" and "Clouds & Contrails" categories accounted for only 1% of the UFO
      reports catalogued by the USAF's Project Blue Book from 1955 into the early 1960s. The CIA report

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v10n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:10]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 10 - No. 2

      can be found on the World Wide Web at: http://www.odci.gov/csi/studies/97unclas/ufo.html

      (N.Y. Times via St. Pete. Times, Aug. 3; Skeptics UFO Newsletter, Sept.)


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                                  Copyright (c) 1997 by Tampa Bay Skeptics.


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v10n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:10]
