{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T13:16:51Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 134105, "source_ctime_ns": 1790272898226980275, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-14-no-1---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790272898216405272, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-14-no-1---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "bb25306420e2161a139fdce26ba8be896e4667b04851badff659147d47dae13e"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 14 - No. 1


                                                           Selected articles from
                                                       VOL. 14 NO. 1 SUMMER 2001


                                           Not Quite Matter and Antimatter
                                            Earth survives a joint TBS/MUFON meeting

                                                                 by Valerie Grey

      James Moseley, editor/publisher of the Saucer Smear newsletter, was the guest speaker at the Tampa
      Bay Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) monthly meeting on March 17. Since Moseley also wished to
      address TBS members during this brief trip from his home base in Key West, MUFON invited us to
      attend a joint meeting. As "fate" would have it, the date happened to correspond to our own TBS
      quarterly meeting.

      Although there were a few passionate remarks made during the Q&A periods (one MUFON member,
      for example, demanded to know if TBS was funded by any nefarious government agencies such as
      the CIA), we were welcomed with open arms. They were, I thought, as curious about us and our
      "alien" beliefs and approach to belief as we were about them and theirs.

      Mr. Moseley chatted briefly and very pleasantly with the dozen or so TBS members present during
      our abbreviated separate TBS meeting. Not long thereafter, the joint meeting began. And shortly after
      a MUFON-member videographer made an appeal to borrow a laptop computer to assist in his
      photography of "ghosts" in cemeteries (see story below), Mr. Moseley began his presentation.

      Moseley categorized himself as inhabiting the middle ground between the two extreme camps of
      ardent UFO believers and skeptical debunkers. He recited several personal experiences of both UFO
      sightings and perceived paranormal experiences over the past fifty years or more, which he said had
      influenced his current belief paradigm.

      One amusing incident had occurred on a jet when the passengers were directed by the captain to look
      out the window to observe a launch from Cape Kennedy. Moseley said he noticed a mysterious white


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v14n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:30]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 14 - No. 1

      light that seemed to be tracking them. He finally asked a stewardess what she thought it might be.
      "Oh, that's the wing light," she answered. The rest of his examples, however, were apparently not
      explainable so prosaically.

      Moseley claimed to have witnessed a "miraculous" spoon-spending feat by Uri Geller -- the spoon
      continued to bend "on its own" after being placed on a table, away from anyone's hands (though
      Moseley did acknowledge that Geller may well use trickery on other occasions). Another other-
      worldly event involved a drinking glass that had fallen and awakened him one night (possibly
      knocked to the floor by his cat). Despite the most diligent search, not all of the glass shards could be
      found -- and he held up the partially reconstructed glass to (not quite) prove it!

      Although a few of his stories involved UFO sightings, I began to recognize a noncoincidental
      connection between alien-hypothesis UFO belief and paranormal beliefs in general. Like some other
      TBS members, I had expected the MUFON meeting to focus on UFO sightings, and possibly alien
      abductions (which, it turns out, Moseley said he doesn't believe in). So I was astonished at how many
      other overtly paranormal topics were discussed in such a positive and uncritical manner.

      For example, during one Q&A period, an argument erupted about auras, during which a MUFON
      member claimed she could see them with her unaided eye, without benefit of Kirlian photography.
      Gary Posner offered to test her for the TBS $1,000 prize (of course, she "didn't want our money"),
      and tried to describe a simple experiment where the claimant is asked to tell whether or not one or
      more human beings are standing behind an opaque screen that blocks the person(s) from view but not
      the aura that is supposed to extend several feet beyond the person. But he was shouted down by her
      and also interrupted by someone else.

      I personally chatted with a man who wasn't a member of either group, who said he had been
      persuaded to believe in the psychic realm because of an incident in a bookstore. Out of all the
      thousands of available volumes, he had happened to be looking at a book on old architecture that had
      "Painted Houses" in the title -- and just then a song came on the radio that also was about "painted
      houses." He was so struck by this chance occurrence that it had forever altered the way he perceived
      the world.

      I tried, unsuccessfully, to point out that it was human nature to remember a "hit" such as this, but to
      not remember the tens of thousands of similar times when there was no seemingly miraculous
      coincidence, and to compare it to the lottery: statistically speaking, somebody is bound to win -- if not
      this week, then next. It may seem like a miracle to the specific person who strikes the jackpot, but that
      somebody was going to win is too pedestrian even to deserve comment.

      TBS chairman Terry Smiljanich tried to explain to the assemblage our position as open-minded
      skeptics (as opposed to belligerent debunkers fanatically out to prove the non-existence of their
      claims), but subsequent questions and discussion suggested that his explanation had not been
      universally understood or accepted.

      All in all, I found it a very interesting experience, if primarily from a psychological point of view.
      MUFON Coordinator Lorraine Gerber observed that this was the first time there had ever been any
      real dialogue between their group and skeptics such as ourselves (though TBS did have former
      MUFON field investigator Dave Ring address our group in 1993). Candidly, as far as I'm concerned,


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v14n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:30]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 14 - No. 1

      it's just as well, as there wasn't much, if anything, on offer in terms of hard evidence or a willingness
      to test or even question anecdotal claims. Although we all spoke English, we clearly defined words
      like "proof" and "belief" and "evidence" as if we came from different planets.

      Don Addis' cartoon in the last TBS Report showed a smiling terrestrial "Home Team" baseball player
      with his arm companionably around an equally happy alien "Visitor" player. I have to wonder,
      though, if sentient creatures from another solar system ever were to make it to our planet, just what
      kind of reception they would receive from their most fervent Earthly devotees -- should the visitors
      dare to question some of the latter's most cherished paranormal beliefs.


                                        Some Reflections on Some Reflections
                                          Purported to be Ghostly Images
                                                               by Guss Wilder III

      As a sort of side show to the March 17 joint meeting with MUFON, we were treated to an exhibition
      of cemetery "ghost" photos taken by a MUFON member who had devoted many long nights in the
      dark to his pursuit of the unknown.

      Inspecting the photographs, I found that they fell into two categories. One type appeared to have
      captured ground fog clouds illuminated by the camera flash. As with most clouds, you can play
      Rorschach games and find shapes that vaguely resemble a face. When I pointed to what I thought
      might be the face of the "dead" person in one photo and asked the photographer if that was it, he told
      me, "The face is anywhere you see it." I didn't find this evidence terribly persuasive.

      The second type of picture, also taken with a flash, contained what were termed "orbs" floating over
      the cemetery. These luminous globes are being captured on both photographic film and digital
      cameras at many locations around the country. The glowing, fuzzy, semi-transparent globes looked
      suspiciously like some kind of lens flare to me. Upon close inspection, the "orbs" had several distinct
      sides like the iris diaphragm of a camera lens. I felt sure that I could re-create the effect, but to save
      time, I decided to check the Internet first. Within five minutes I had found an excellent re-creation
      here.

      The quick explanation: The built-in flash is reflecting off of tiny dust particles in the air near the
      camera lens. Since everything else in the night photo is nearly black, these particles appear relatively
      bright and are thrown into out-of-focus roundness by their nearness to the lens. You don't have to be
      at a cemetery looking for dead people to photograph these "orbs." What you do need is a camera with
      the flash very close to the lens, and a bit of dust in the air. I was able to do it myself in my yard. But
      no, I don't know what's buried there.


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v14n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:30]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 14 - No. 1


                                                                     Snippets


      Pinellas County commissioners have resisted "an aggressive campaign from [professional] psychics,
      clairvoyants and spiritual guides" urging them to set aside an ordinance requiring that fortune tellers
      be licensed. Instead, the county has reiterated that the pros must pay not only $100 each year for a
      license, but an additional $25 for an annual background check. Complaints of "religious
      discrimination" fell upon deaf ears, with officials saying that they are just trying to protect consumers
      from fraudulent fortune tellers. But that isn't justification enough for interfaith healing minister
      Annemarie Sklaruk: "When was the last time you guys came to a reading? We don't always tell the
      future." How true.

      (St. Pete. Times, May 2)


      At least we know one thing for certain: Life once existed on Mars. Right? Forget the "Face." And
      never mind the now-mostly dismissed 1996 NASA press conference that announced the discovery of
      fossilized bacteria within a meteorite from Mars. A magnetite crystal has now been found in that
      meteorite which, according to two studies published in the Feb. 27 Proceedings of the National
      Academy of Sciences, "is supporting evidence for the presence of ancient life on Mars," according to
      study author Kathie Thomas-Keprta, an astrophysicist at the Johnson Space Center in Houston. "
      [And] if it existed there at one time, we would expect it to exist today." But although she says that
      there is no report of such magnetite crystals being formed by any means other than biological,
      geologist Ralph P. Harvey, who has also studied the meteorite, calls her conclusions "hasty" and says
      that "the door is still open [to other explanations] until further evidence [of life] is rolled out."

      (AP via St. Pete. Times, Feb. 27)


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v14n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:30]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 14 - No. 1


                                 Ch. 13 News Promotes "Astronaut UFO" photos
      During WTVT-TV 13's 10:00 News on the night of May 6, following a five-minute report about some
      December 1999 UFO sightings in Ohio, three "astronaut UFO" photos were promoted as if they
      represented genuinely unexplainable events. The three graphics were taken directly from www.
      anomalous-sightings.com's credulous website and presented without benefit of any skeptical input,
      indicating a serious lapse of judgment by Ch. 13 News.

      The first photo shows a white cigar-shaped "UFO" supposedly seen by John Glenn during his historic
      1962 flight. But it actually is a photo from Scott Carpenter's Mercury flight -- a severe blow-up of a
      tracking balloon that Carpenter had deployed but which failed to inflate properly, account-ing for its
      limp appearance.

      The next was a well-known, doctored version of a photo from the 1965 Gemini 7 mission. The craft's
      long, black nose had been airbrushed out -- many years before anomalous-sightings.com got the photo
      -- leaving the sun's blinding glare on a pair of rocket thrusters to appear as two free-flying "UFOs."
      And the photo has been posted upside down on the website, further disguising its true nature.

      The third photo, taken by Neil Armstrong aboard Apollo 11 in 1969, shows a supposedly "huge"
      bright-white object on the far right, just above the earth's horizon. As space expert James Oberg
      writes in his 1992 book, UFOs and Outer Space Mysteries,

              There is no indication that any of the astronauts saw it. Since it's out of focus on a camera
              with an extremely wide depth of field, photographic experts have concluded that it was
              probably only a few feet outside the window, and an inch or two across. As on other
              flights, pieces of insulation and ice surrounded the Apollo at this stage in the flight.
              "Unidentified" it certainly might be, but it could not by any semantic word game be called
              an authentic UFO -- except, for example, in McGraw-Hill's UFOs: A Pictorial History !

      And, sadly, on Ch. 13 News.


      Return to TBS Report Online


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v14n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:30]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 14 - No. 1


                                                         © 2001 by Tampa Bay Skeptics


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v14n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:30]
