{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T12:10:21Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 126676, "source_ctime_ns": 1790172598549966987, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-25-no-4---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790172598543017659, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-25-no-4---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "1970a77d0753b454f47cd6b15e11f937428b776489024638e30356a69dba4e34"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 25 - No. 4


                                                                          Selected articles from
                                                                       VOL. 25 NO. 4 SPRING 2013


                                                                       TBS's First 25 Years:
                                                                     A Highlight Retrospective
                                                                           By Gary P. Posner

       This issue, our 100th, closes the book on 25 years of Tampa Bay Skeptics Report. Hanging in my home office is a poster onto which are pasted
       handwritten notes of congratulations from numerous TBS members, some quite clever and humorous (such as Don Addis' little caricature of me with
       the caption, "Now Playing: The Mad Dr. Posner in 'The Thing Who Wouldn't Quit'"), presented to me at our June 1998 meeting in celebration of
       TBS's 10th anniversary. And on my office office desk proudly sits the pen set/plaque that accompanied the poster. Who would have dreamed (or
       nightmared) that the mad doctor et al. would still be plugging away after 15 more years?

       One of the highlights of TBS's first year was a lecture by astrologer Janet Sciales, a major local media celebrity at the time. Sciales had joined TBS
       briefly, telling me that she agreed with us about "psychic" power and almost everything else (except astrology). But she quickly learned that we
       require more than anecdotal evidence for such claims (see this page, with link to the video of her priceless 50-second tirade against yours truly during
       the Q&A following her lecture), and in later years she would even advertise herself as a "psychic" astrologer. And at the end of year one, TBS hosted
       a Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (CSI; formerly CSICOP) Executive Council seminar, which was attended by such luminaries as Paul Kurtz, James
       Randi, Philip Klass, Joe Nickell, Ray Hyman and Ken Frazier.

       Our next year was ushered in by the Tarpon Springs "Weeping Icon" fiasco, which garnered TBS much publicity, as did our first "$1,000 Challenge"
       that July. 1989 also marked our first major article about "psychic detective" Noreen Renier and her legal battles with skeptic John Merrell, whom she
       had successfully sued for libel. And year two ended with our exposé of consumer advocate Chuck Harder's For the People radio show's (and its
       companion magazine's) bizarre UFO-related (among other) conspiracy theories, for which TBS and I were threatened (but never served) with a
       similar lawsuit.

       Our coverage of the famous Gulf Breeze UFO case, and of the claims of "Face on Mars" promoter Richard Hoagland, highlighted year three, which
       ended with our addressing a meeting of the local chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists, which host Mel Martin, then Ch. 10's news
       director, later called "the best SPJ program in many years." The next year included our first report on "psychic detective" John Monti and his futile
       efforts to locate Tiffany Sessions, the 20-year-old University of Florida student whose disappearance while jogging in Gainesville remains a mystery.
       And the following issue's lead story, "The Incredible Gall of 'The Amazing Kreskin,'" revealed how he had fooled Ch. 13's Kathy Fountain with
       simple parlor tricks and had failed to take us up on our "Challenge," which we had upped to $10,000 just for him.

       The TBS Executive Council troika made its first joint appearance on Kathy Fountain's show in 1993, featuring a live "$1,000 Challenge" open to all
       in the TV (by phone) and studio audience, which included several "psychics." Somehow, the laws of physics, rather than psychics, managed to
       prevail once again. In 1994 we reported on the devilish "Barney Hoax," in which John Bunch, a graduate psychology student at the University of
       South Florida, created the fictitious persona of Luscious M. Bromley, born-again founder of Citizens Concerned About Barney, who ranted that the
       purple dinosaur character was leading children down the road to drugs, immorality and Satanism. My second stint on an SPJ panel was with Bunch
       and several of the many reporters who had fallen hard for the hoax.

       In our Summer 1994 issue, I recounted how a producer with the NBC weekly program Now, fronted by Tom Brokaw and Katie Couric, had rushed
       me a copy of Dr. Larry Dossey's Healing Words: The Power of Prayer and the Practice of Medicine, for me to critique and then submit to her the
       sort of sound bites that I would feel comfortable uttering on air. She later told me that she agreed with my skeptical comments, but the network
       ultimately decided not to formally interview me (they did briefly use another skeptic), electing instead to hype the book's miraculous claims and air
       the show during the week leading up to Easter. At least my TBSR review of Healing Words got nationally published in Skeptical Inquirer. A
       December 25 Lakeland Ledger article about miracles, which got picked up nationally, led to my being invited to appear on the April 14, 1995,
       edition of Oprah, but I did the right thing by directing the producer instead to CSI's Joe Nickell (Looking for a Miracle).

       As a result of our reporting about Noreen Renier, in May 1996 I was invited by a producer for A&E's The Unexplained to appear in an episode about
       Renier and the Williston, Florida, police department's search for a missing man, and a compiled version of our related TBSR articles appeared in


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v25n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:05]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 25 - No. 4


       Skeptic magazine and later as a chapter in the Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience. And Christmas 1996 was heralded by a visit from the Virgin
       Mary on several windows of a Clearwater office building, with the international publicity resulting in thousands of pilgrims from across the globe
       arriving to pray for healings. Our investigation revealed similar colorful stains (one of which we dubbed "Buddha") on the building's other windows,
       wherever the shrubbery was close enough to them to allow the sprinklers' mineral residue to accumulate in the glass' somewhat porous coating layer.
       And the St. Petersburg Times (now Tampa Bay Times) found a 1994 photo in which the "Mary" stain, though largely hidden by palm trees (which
       were removed just before Christmas 1996), could be seen even back then.

       The full story (with video) of our September 1998 "$1,000 Challenge" of "psychic/prophet" Virginia Levy can be seen here. The atmosphere was
       friendly, with much humorous banter, and Levy praised the protocols as well as our professional demeanor. Unfortunately for her, she failed the test,
       and the years have taken a toll on her memory, as demonstrated by her viciously false and defamatory accusations in an August 8, 2008, St. Pete.
       Times article, which necessitated a corrective letter from Terry Smiljanich and myself.

       The Spring 1999 TBSR (and the July/August Skeptical Inquirer) contained my debunking of a supernatural acupuncture claim by Dr. Isadore
       Rosenfeld in one of his books and in Parade magazine. Rosenfeld, a nationally known cardiologist and media figure, was Parade's medical editor.
       Our Winter 1999-2000 issue reported upon another "$1,000 Challenge" failure (dowsing), as well as my appearance on an MSNBC program hosted
       by David Gregory, debating against "psychic medium" George Anderson and TV personality Linda Ellerbee.

       Our additional reporting about Richard Hoagland resulted in a cover story in the Nov./Dec. 2000 Skeptical Inquirer, which drew a fiery response on
       Hoagland's website, to which I replied in S.I.'s May/June 2001 issue. And on the night of May 25/26, 2001, Hoagland, along with radio host Art Bell,
       lied liberally on Coast to Coast A.M. about that follow-up article. Later, as we reported in Fall 2001, Indianapolis radio host Bob Prince invited
       Hoagland and me to be on his show -- I immediately accepted; Hoagland wouldn't even return Prince's calls. [February 27, 2020: Any readers who
       have recently been unable to find Richard Hoagland's "enterprisemission.com" website should try adding an "s" in the URL (changing "mission" to
       "missions"), as I have done in this paragraph's link. Per a January 23 post on his Facebook page, Hoagland "recently moved the site to a new
       hosting company and links have been broken." On the next line he adds that the site has now been "fixed," but that is not the case as of today's
       date. If he does "fix" his site before I then "refix" this paragraph's link to it, try removing the "s" from the URL.]

       Having seen some of our skeptical reporting about the healing power of distant prayer, a 20/20 producer flew me to New York in May 2000 for an
       hour-long interview. She was so impressed with my responses that she decided on the spot (or so she told me) that my comments would serve as the
       focal point of her upcoming piece. When it ultimately aired 15 months later on 20/20's stepchild Downtown, it was dominated by New Ager Deepak
       Chopra, with my cautionary commentary reduced to 20 seconds near the end. The segment's correspondent was Dr. Michael Guillen, a 1997 recipient
       of the James Randi Educational Foundation's "Pigasus Award" for his "indiscriminate promotion of pseudoscience and quackery."

       As we recounted in Spring 2003, TBS had received inquiries the previous December 27 from several media outlets, including the Miami Herald and
       Newhouse News Service, which had found on the Web our reporting about the Downtown debacle. Their interest was in the gullible Guillen, who
       earlier that day had participated in a press conference in which the Realian cult had announced -- falsely, of course -- that they had successfully
       cloned a human being. Guillen would shortly thereafter disparage CSI (then CSICOP), which he called "an extremist group," during an interview on
       Fox News Channel. He added, "I have no trouble with criticism when it's voiced honestly and constructively. But in this case, this is a group, for
       example, [that believes] programs like The X-Files are a menace to society and should be pulled off the air. These are folks who don't necessarily
       defend the truth, but a certain point of view [and] I don't really take [their] criticism very seriously." Guillen was as accurate with his X-Files
       comment as he had been in defending the cult -- not only had CSI never taken such a stance about the show, its creator had been almost fawningly
       featured at one of CSI's national conferences.

       In year 16 we raked Court TV (now truTV) over the coals for the first time (of several) over its untrue hyping of "psychic detectives," including
       Noreen Renier. Later that year, TBS merged with Center for Inquiry–Florida (now CFI–Tampa Bay) as a "Special Interest Group." A couple years
       later, our Summer 2005 issue featured my review of Renier's memoir, A Mind for Murder: The Real-Life Files of a Psychic Investigator, in which I
       praised its writing style if not the veracity of its content. Two issues later, we took Tampa General Hospital to task: "When a major American
       hospital like TGH treats its patients with the likes of 'Reiki' and 'theurapeutic touch,' the line is crossed between providing rational medical care and
       calling in the 'Medicine Man.'" And by the time our next issue was out with the story, Berkley/Penguin had been forced to cease publication of
       Renier's book, its two chapters attacking John Merrell being in violation of a 1992 legal settlement between Renier and Merrell in which both parties
       had agreed to never again publicly "diminish and/or disparage the other's reputation." (The book would reappear two years later, from another
       publisher, sans those chapters.)

       Thanks to someone having made a recording of her session with "psychic medium" George Anderson and turning it over to TBS, we were able to
       dissect his "20 Questions" act in our Summer 2006 issue. Nearly three years later, after playing it cool for a while, we published my essay,
       "Confessions of a 'Holocaust Denier,'" in which I explained the reasons why applying critical scrutiny to global warming alarmism seems to me to be
       a "principled [scientific] position" not deserving of comparison to Holocaust denial. Three issues later, I critiqued the efforts of Center for Inquiry's
       Office of Public Policy in Washington, D.C., to denigrate scientists skeptical of global warming alarmism. CFI had initially declared such scientists
       as "fake," but later dropped that and simply accused them (except for about 20%) of not having "published peer-reviewed climate research." Our
       article pointed out that according to Prof. William Schlesinger, a lead author of the U.N.'s IPCC report (though he offered the figure as simply his
       best "guess"), only "something in the order of 20% [of the IPCC scientists] have some dealing with climate" (see/listen here, beginning at 3:35 of this
       segment of the video). The same issue of TBSR carried our 'toon tribute to Don Addis, whose world-class cartoons had graced our pages from our
       first year until his death in November 2009.

       In our Fall 2010's zillionth update on Renier v. Merrell (and vice versa), I commented upon a judge's outrageous overreach in ruling that Merrell will
       be forced to pay Renier a penalty of $30,000 if "any mention of Merrell's name" were to appear in a book that yours truly was in the process of
       writing about Renier! My rejoinder was, "If [the judge has] a problem with it, he can stick it where the moon don't shine." Our Spring 2012 cover
       shows Renier regaling an audience with her dubious stories at the University of Arkansas' Clinton School of Public Service. And the following issue
       details her loss of two appeals in her ongoing litigation, which may continue until hell freezes over, which, in our last issue as well as on page 7 of


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v25n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:05]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 25 - No. 4


       this one (in my response to Dr. Clifford's page 3 article) I imply is a possibility, should the current 16-year global warming plateau portend a change
       of direction.

       Not to mention (though I will anyway) Terry Smiljanich's insightful columns, deserving of a Website of their own (he told me years ago that he
       planned to create one), a ring binder full of newspaper articles about or quoting TBS, additional "$1,000 Challenges," our numerous other media and
       community appearances, and our handling of many assorted inquiries via phone and mail from the press and public. All in all, not a shabby quarter
       century of work.


                                                                      Use Long-term Trends to
                                                                      Evaluate Climate Change
                                                                                By Paul Clifford

       In last issue's article "Revisiting Global Warming," Gary Posner presented the viewpoint that the earth's warming trend may have plateaued. A
       feature of the article was a graph from the London Daily Mail showing that global temperatures had not risen between 1997 and August 2012.

       There are reasons to be skeptical of this argument. The first is that climate change is a long-term phenomenon and looking at data over a brief period
       of time, even a decade or more, can be misleading. For example, in the following graphs I have plotted global land and ocean temperature anomalies
       by year for various time periods from 1970 to 2011. The global temperature anomaly used here is the departure of the global land and ocean
       temperature for a year from the average for the period 1901 to 2000. The data were obtained from the National Climatic Data Center. This analysis is
       similar to "The Escalator" on this SkepticalScience Web page but is presented in a different manner.

       From 1970 through 1976, there was an apparent global cooling trend (see graph A). From 1977 through 1986, 1987 through 1996, and 1997 through
       2011, global temperature apparently remained constant (graphs B, C and D respectively).


       Thus, in any one of these periods it would have been possible to make the argument that global temperature
       increases had ceased. However, if one looks at a graph of global temperature anomalies over the entire period,
       a significant warming trend is apparent (graph E).

       Second, year-to-year temperature variations are the result of a variety of phenomena. For example, El Niño
       years, in which the sea surface temperatures in the equatorial Pacific are unusually warm, can lead to
       significant positive anomalies such as that for 1998. By contrast, La Niña years, in which the same sea surface
       temperatures are unusually cool, can lead to significant reductions in the anomalies, such as those that occurred
       in 1999 and 2008.

       Volcanic eruptions also can significantly disrupt global climate by injecting particles into the atmosphere. This can lead to short-term cooling. As a
       result, year-to-year variations in temperature can be significant and a linear increase should not be expected. Apparent plateaus and short-term
       cooling are to be expected due to these and other factors. Failure to interpret these plateaus and short-term cooling in terms of various phenomena
       and considering them separately from longer-term trends can lead to misleading conclusions.

       Third, a man-made increase in temperature can be isolated mathematically from the other phenomena that effect the climate. The results of this type
       of analysis indicate that man-made temperature increases have continued over the past 16 years. An excellent, easily understood video presenting
       these results is available on this SkepticalScience Web page along with a detailed written explanation of the methodology used.

       Here, too, the results should be viewed in terms of a long-term perspective. Sixteen years is not sufficient to determine if there is a long-term trend.
       However, when viewed in the perspective of temperature trends for the past hundred years, the results are consistent with man-made climate change.

       [Dr. Clifford is a retired chemist with more than 40 years of experience as a research scientist, project and program manager, and senior executive of scientific and
       engineering organizations. He holds a Ph.D. in organic chemistry and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Most recently, he served
       as Executive Director of the Florida Industrial and Phosphate Research Institute.]


                                                                          Letters to the Editor


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v25n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:05]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 25 - No. 4


       Editor: I read your nicely written article on global warming (in the last issue) three times and still don't know what to make of it. Just heard on the
       news that bush fires in New South Wales, Australia, are the worst in recorded history. Temps are so high they had to add two new colors (purple and
       pink) to their meteorological temperature charts. Hope your cooling kicks in soon, but I stand by what I wrote in my Spring 2011 TBSR article.

       --Valerie Grey
         Nokomis
         hvgrey@cs.com


       Editor: I read last issue's article on global warming with interest. The page 1 graph showing temperature variations relative to a 14-degree C. point
       was not especially compelling, coming as it does from a London tabloid. It seems that the decidedly imprecise nature of climate measurement tends
       to breed quite a large family of interpretations. And, because it is dynamic and subject to changes and pressures from many sources, it does not easily
       lend itself to absolute and proscriptive definition. But since the data over longer periods tend to suggest strongly upward growth trends, within the
       previous millennium at any rate, and moreover are consistent with the industrial tide of CO2 and other greenhouse gasses input to the atmosphere, it
       should be taken quite seriously. This is an extremely complex phenomenon with a variety of internal as well as exogenous factors interacting in
       mechanisms that are difficult to recognize, not to mention describe. All this however, leaves us with certain gross measurements over time that seem
       to be quite suggestive of great peril to humanity, and therefore worthwhile to intensify our studies.

       Please see here for some supportive long-term data from the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies. It may have a bit more weight than some of
       the politically contentious information from the conservative Daily Mail, despite the disclaimers noted above.

       But as is clearly evident from the activity and the body of science, every evolving proposition needs its critics. It is the test of good ideas and bad.
       Global warming as projected and described by many has the potential to be a human catastrophe of such proportion as to call into question the
       continued existence of our species, not to mention the biosphere. If ever there was a consequential proposition that I would want to be wrong, it is
       clearly this one.

       While record extremes have been given quite a bit of publicity in the last few months, it should be noted that in climatology it is not the day, week,
       month, year or decade that counts, as much as the compelling evidentiary weight of accumulating contextual time. Much work has been done to
       establish the climatic parameters in the larger measures of century, millennium, and epoch providing a framework for a more reliable picture of our
       atmosphere's historical activity. With this essential information, we can effectively utilize refinements in the instruments and statistical methods
       involved with climatological research in the present, as well as the advances of computer modeling that offer us greater confidence in more recent
       data as indicators of future conditions. While certainty necessarily remains elusive, the evidence continues to suggest ever more compelling reasons
       for concern.

       I am not a climatologist (I don't even play one on TV), but I have been interested in this question since the mid-seventies. As an amateur, my
       confidence in what is now the most widely accepted view of climate science, i.e., vast and rapid systemic change, rests largely on proponent articles
       in the institutional science periodicals, Scientific American, Science magazine, New Scientist, Science Weekly, Nature, and others, the content of
       which are often synopsized from specialized peer-reviewed journals.

       Recently, however, the popular media have taken notice over the past decade, and as is so often the case, have been less than helpful in depicting the
       issue in terms of political football, rather than presenting a more objective picture of our situation. Since a change in human behavior appears to be
       an essential step in dealing with what appears to be a crisis, politics enters the picture. A way must be found to inform the people that does not arouse
       less rational, more destructive responses. This is where the skeptical, rationalist, humanist movement can play an important role. Supposing the
       accuracy of some worst-case climate scenarios, even if the time for effective action is very late, it is still possible to subdue the most egregious
       outcome if we can find ways to act rationally. Is this a critical moment for the next step in the evolution of human behavior? Now that our knowledge
       has allowed us a perception of our own folly in a natural world that is imposing harsh limits on such behavior, we are now responsible for saving
       ourselves.

       Thanks for keeping the pot boiling on this extremely serious issue. Science is well served in keeping a challenging counterpoint alive.

       --Jim Peterson, President
         Tampabay PostCarbon Council
         jamestp@metrodirect.net


       Editor's replies: Jim, a longtime member of TBS, is obviously a lot more certain of global warming's causes and potential future disastrous effects than I am. On his
       referenced page, I don't recall having previously seen the graph titled "Land-Ocean Surface Temperature: Running Means" (beneath the first cluster). Note that the
       orange 60-month running mean (5-year moving average) had already peaked by the beginning of 2005, confirming the "London tabloid" report of no net global
       warming since 2000, which is the only fact in my article that his letter seems to imply was dubious.

       And though many still do deny the temperature plateau, Dr. Clifford's article acknowledges its existence and endeavors to explain its lack of significance in terms of the
       longer-term trend. He is, of course, correct that the plateau does not mean that the 20th century's global warming trend will not reemerge at plateau's end, whether that
       be next year, next decade, or whenever. IPCC chairman Rajendra Pachauri has recently proclaimed that the plateau could last "30-40 years at least" without breaking
       the uptrend.


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v25n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:05]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 25 - No. 4


       Further, when, say, a century-long graph of stock-market averages is viewed in retrospect, periods identified as so-called "bull markets" can contain not merely
       plateaus, but frightful downward retracements of up to 50% of the preceding rises. But, again, only in retrospect, after values have once again exceeded where they
       were when the plunges began, can one choose to interpret the downtrends as having been nothing more than blips in the longer-term uptrends.

       Given the degree to which this issue has been monetized and politicized, if the current temperature plateau were to be followed by a prolonged period of significant
       cooling, I suspect that all along the way down we would continue to hear that anyone opining the drop to be anything other than a mere blip in the inexorable global
       warming trend is a science-challenged promoter of disinformation (or worse). As for the video referenced in Dr. Clifford's article, it sure seems persuasive, though a
       source (who requests that I not name him here) has cautioned me that this site is not beyond employing "dirty tricks" in its advocacy. I am attempting to ascertain the
       veracity of that video.


       Return to TBS Report Online


                                                                     © 2013 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry–Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v25n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:05]
