{"created_utc": "2026-09-23T05:29:50Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 49551, "source_ctime_ns": 1790104513238372075, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-20-no-3---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790104513152182611, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-20-no-3---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "5b3899ff206b26ca0f442e723f01e3d4fc1a38fb58fa66ade1c082acc83190fe"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 3


                                                           Selected articles from
                                                      VOL. 20 NO. 3 WINTER 2007-08


                                                   CHAIRMAN'S CORNER
                                             The Full Facts on Cold Reading
                                                            By Terry A. Smiljanich

      A recent article in The New Yorker magazine related the history of "criminal profiling" in reviewing a
      new book by famous FBI profiler John Douglas. "Profiling" is the use of behavioral analysis in
      attempting to create a psychological portrait of a serial killer based on the pattern of his acts and the
      nature of his victims. The reviewer compared criminal profiling to the art of cold reading, a process
      used by many psychics and seers in making seemingly incredible observations about their
      subjects/victims. "How did she know that about me?" "How could she possibly have known that I had
      a one-armed uncle named Rudy?"

      The difference between criminal profiling and psychic readings, however, is that FBI profilers are not
      consciously trying to fool their audiences, whereas many (if not most) psychics are. This newsletter
      has mentioned on several occasions the art of cold reading by fortunetellers, who use tricks and "hot
      and cold" strategies in getting clients to believe that the psychics are able, through paranormal means,
      to discern personal attributes and past histories about them. What caught my attention in this review,
      however, was a reference to a book by the British magician and mentalist Ian Rowland called The
      Full Facts Book of Cold Reading. Self-published by him and available through his website, the book
      is a comprehensive treasure trove of information about the entire subject. Since skeptics are often
      faced with allegations that psychics (John Edward, Sylvia Browne, etc.) can perform paranormal feats
      of fortune telling, I highly recommend that TBS members go online and order this fascinating book.

      What struck me most in reading this book was the depth of knowledge and training needed to become
      a really good cold reader. We all know that a cold reader uses vague statements and guesses to get the
      subject of the reading to provide feedback and allow the psychic to zero in on specific facts. I had no


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:43:37]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 3

      idea, however, of the many techniques that a good reader must have in order to be able to appear
      genuine. The successful psychic should have a gift of gab and be a smooth talker exuding confidence.

      The first step in a successful cold reading is a proper set-up, the aim of which is to get the subject in a
      relaxed and cooperative mood. Rowland describes several examples of how this is accomplished. A
      typical refrain: "Sometimes the dead are talking to me as if through a cold mist, and the meaning of
      what they are telling me may be clearer to you than it is to me, so please bear that in mind, will you?"

      The meat of Rowland's book is a description of over 38 different cold reading techniques, with names
      such as the "Rainbow Ruse," "Sugar Lumps," "Barnum Statements," the "Diverted Question," and
      others. A Rainbow Ruse, for example is a statement that gives the subject both a personality trait and
      its opposite. Many of these techniques are followed with a question soliciting more feedback, such as,
      "Is this making sense to you?"

      Rowland also describes several ways for making even bad guesses look good, with names such as "I
      am right, but you have forgotten," and "I am wrong now, but I will be right soon." All of these, of
      course, must be couched in wordy assurances sprinkled with lots of jargon. Just reading the countless
      examples of psychic patter is worth the cost of the book (about $45 due to the currently poor
      exchange rate of the U.S. dollar). He also reveals many ways in which the psychics deal with skeptics
      -- How many times have we heard from one of them, "I'm a real skeptic, too"?

      Reading this book makes one appreciate that famous psychic readers are genuinely gifted craftsmen
      who have used years of practice to become expert at what they do -- fooling gullible people into
      thinking that they possess paranormal powers rather than just an armament of good psychological
      insights, tried-and-true scripts, and a host of other tricks.


                                                                     Snippets


      Remember the good old days, when the only reliable way to undergo an "out of body" experience was
      to come within a whisker of death? Well, no more. Scientists are now able to induce OOBs in
      perfectly healthy people. As reported in the journal Science, the test subjects wear virtual reality
      goggles through which they see an illusory projection of their own image as viewed from behind from


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:43:37]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 3

      six feet away. When the experimenter strokes their back with a stick in synchronicity with the same
      action being projected, the subjects momentarily report the sensation of actually inhabiting the
      illusory body. Shirley MacLaine, you scratch my back, I'll scratch yours!

      (N.Y. Times via Tampa Tribune, Aug. 24)


      "Sylvia Browne is famous for telling distraught parents where their missing children are -- but she
      gets it wrong. A lot. So why does she still have such a massive following?" So begins a devastating
      exposé of the iconic American "psychic medium." British journalist Jon Ronson had seen an ad for a
      late September cruise around the Mediterranean featuring Browne, during which fans could attend
      four lectures and a cocktail party with her, so he decided to sign up and do some non-psychic
      sleuthing. His article is a must read!

      (The Guardian, Oct. 27)


      [February 27, 2020: Any readers who have recently been unable to find Richard Hoagland's
      "enterprisemission.com" website should try adding an "s" in the URL (changing "mission" to
      "missions"), as I have done in this item's link. Per a January 23 post on his Facebook page,
      Hoagland "recently moved the site to a new hosting company and links have been broken." On the
      next line he adds that the site has now been "fixed," but that is not the case as of today's date. If he
      does "fix" his site before I then "refix" this item's link to it, try removing the "s" from the URL.]

      On October 30, "Face on Mars" promoter Richard Hoagland sponsored a conference at the National
      Press Club in Washington, D.C., to show the world the "large, nearly invisible glass objects hiding in
      the background of some classic NASA shots from the Apollo [moon] missions." According to
      Hoagland's website, the event was "packed to the bursting point" with reporters, including "a number
      of mainstream American press entities such as the Washington Post. . . . They didn't actually write
      anything, but they were obviously curious." Only the Russian media seem to have gone gaga over
      these grainy blow-ups of apparent film processing smudges and scratches. And though Hoagland
      alleges "NASA cover-ups to suppress the truth," he acknowledges that "You can go and find these
      images -- the frame numbers listed above -- on the official NASA websites." You can also buy
      Hoagland's official (and unsuppressed) book, Dark Mission.

      (Enterprise Mission website)

      =====

      Here is a report on the conference on the "Space Review" website.

      =====


                                                   Hoagland's Hero: A Zero?

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:43:37]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 3

      At Richard Hoagland's October 30 presentation (see immediately above), his main attraction (in
      addition to the moon photos) was Ken Johnston, who claims to have been in charge of the Apollo
      program's photoimagery. But space journalist Jim Oberg reports that Johnston was actually a low-
      level clerk at NASA and that his Ph.D. diploma says that it is from "Reform Baptist Seminary" (in
      Colorado), the very existence of which is now in dispute. See Oberg's related web postings.


                                                      Renier/Merrell Update
      Having lost to John Merrell in federal court in April (see Summer 2007) and owing him $39,558 (now
      $55,158) for his legal fees, "psychic detective" extraordinaire Noreen Renier is now seeking Chapter
      7 bankruptcy protection. In papers filed on August 28 in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the
      Western District of Virginia, Renier has declared that "after any exempt property is excluded and
      administrative expenses paid, there will be no funds available" to pay Merrell.

      In an exclusive interview, Merrell tells TBS Report that in pleading poverty, Renier certified in her
      petition that her income in 2005 was $25,299, $6,371 in 2006, and $8,874 so far in 2007. Renier did
      not list A Mind for Murder as an asset or income source, which Merrell thinks may have netted her
      many thousands of dollars before being pulled due to his lawsuit (it is now scheduled for re-release by
      another publisher in April, presumably without the defamatory references to Merrell, and orders are
      already being accepted).

      Merrell believes that Renier’s 2005-07 income from her $1,000 "psychic phone sessions" alone,
      unmentioned in her bankruptcy filings despite having boasted to the press of "more work than I can
      handle," could be staggering. "I have provided my specific dollar estimates to the bankruptcy court
      trustee and also to the U.S. Department of Justice," Merrell said. "I believe Noreen failed to list many
      significant sources of income, including earnings from her association with Court TV's Psychic
      Detectives series, and this may cause her petition to be denied. If so, I could potentially garnish her
      funds and/or collect assets. This could even include taking possession of her rights to A Mind for
      Murder, which she spent more than 25 years getting to print -- an outcome that would be particularly
      ironic, and satisfying."

      The disposition of Renier's bankruptcy petition is pending at press time. We will follow up in the next
      issue and will update the TBS website with later information.


                                                         Letters to the Editor
      Editor: I have the ability to detect the presence of a 12 x 12 x 12" mirror box or aluminum box
      hidden inside a 14 x 14 x 14" cardboard box without touching the boxes or coming within 12 inches
      of them. I have demonstrated this ability repeatedly with a high accuracy percentage. I leave my
      physical body to do this, and am more effective with mirrors than aluminum due to the mirror's ability

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:43:37]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 3

      to stop my lifeforce/plasma/entity from moving in that specific direction.

      --Gary G. Greenwood
        Grand Junction, CO
        gary.g.greenwood@gmail.com

      Editor's note: Mr. Greenwood is already lined up to be tested by the North Texas Skeptics, CFI/Los Angeles, and
      a group in New Zealand. He expects to win one or more of their monetary challenges and thereby qualify for the
      James Randi Educational Foundation's $1,000,000 Challenge.


      Editor: I can tell the future 100%, while using my material while talking to you. Could you please
      help me with this? Thank you.

      --David Long
        paws@cenpanet.net

      Editor's note: Despite his 100% accurate visions of the future, David seemingly forgot that on Jan. 4, 2007, he
      sent us a nearly identical claim by U.S. mail (presumably before he had e-mail), to which we replied by letter on
      Feb. 10 inviting him to send us some predictions. We're still waiting.


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                        © 2007 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:43:37]
