{"created_utc": "2026-09-22T12:45:02Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 48634, "source_ctime_ns": 1790080983845446161, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-25-no-2---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790080983664390375, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-25-no-2---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "9ccaf3cc040a555b1659b21470db91594797e5b133ed276c9b09f5f2e94ad3ba"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 25 - No. 2


                                                            Selected articles from
                                                          VOL. 25 NO. 2 FALL 2012


                                        Skeptical Inquirer's Benjamin Radford
                                                   Coming to Tampa
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      Note: This is a much-abbreviated version of the hardcopy newsletter's article.

      Benjamin Radford, a research fellow with the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry and deputy editor of
      Skeptical Inquirer, will be visiting Tampa in October.

      Author of six books and hundreds of articles, and a guest on numerous television programs, Radford
      will first speak at the University of South Florida in Tampa on Tuesday, October 16, and will meet
      with members of TBS (and other invitees) the following evening.

      An experienced investigator in numerous aspects of the paranormal, Ben has offered to present one of
      his many exciting talks. We have selected "Reflections on a Decade of Paranormal Investigation," in
      which he will discuss the nature of "unexplained mysteries" such as ghosts, Bigfoot, crop circles, and
      psychic powers, emphasizing what science says about the evidence and why there is still debate about
      these issues. He will draw from case studies over a decade of personal investigations into these and
      dozens of other topics. And any subjects that Ben fails to satisfy our curiosity about can be covered
      during the wide-ranging Q&A session afterwards.

      This special event will be held on Wednesday, October 17, at the Unitarian Universalist Church of
      Tampa, 11400 Morris Bridge Road, from 7 to 9 p.m. (see here for map).


                                            Local IIG Affiliate Taking Shape

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v25n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:48]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 25 - No. 2


      TBS member Martha Keller, who recently founded the Pinellas County Skeptics, is also working to
      create an Independent Investigations Group affiliate here in Florida.

      To that end, Martha has been in talks with James Underdown, who chairs the original IIG, which is
      associated with Center For Inquiry–Los Angeles. Additional IIG affiliates are currently located in
      Atlanta, Colorado, Washington DC, the San Francisco Bay Area, and Alberta, Canada.

      As explained on Martha's IIG Meetup page, "The [Florida] IIG is not intended to replace any local
      skeptical groups, but rather, to be a way for skeptics in the area to become more active in
      investigations."

      All skeptics interested in more information about becoming involved in the local IIG are invited to
      attend a meeting on Saturday, November 10, at 2:00 p.m., at the Seffner-Mango Branch Library, 410
      N. Kingsway Rd., Seffner.


                                                                     Snippets


      A couple in Toms River, New Jersey, is suing their landlord in an effort to get out of their lease,
      claiming their home is haunted. Allegedly being spooked at night by eerie voices, flickering lights,
      slammed doors and their bed sheets being tugged by unseen entities, Jose Chinchilla and fiancée
      Michele Callan moved out after only a week, and enlisted the services of the Shore Paranormal
      Research Society. But though SPRS has classified the reported activity as "paranormal," its
      ghostbusters failed to find evidence of a haunting. The landlord's take is that the couple was spooked
      by the monthly rental fee, and he has filed a countersuit.

      (WCBS-TV 2 [New York] website, April 16)


      A word of advice: If a buddy approaches you with a financial scheme that sounds too good to be true,
      and even advertises that it's a "white elephant," stampede in the opposite direction! In an SEC
      complaint filed in the U.S. District Court in Florida on June 20, Gurudeo "Buddy" Persaud is charged


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v25n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:48]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 25 - No. 2

      with having defrauded 14 investors (including family and friends) of over a half-million dollars
      between 2007 and 2011. The kicker: Quoting from the SEC's complaint, "Persaud failed to disclose
      he would trade investors' contributions based on lunar cycles and the gravitational pull between Earth
      and the moon." But even had that lunar-tic of a strategy worked out, his White Elephant Trading
      Company LLC was a Ponzi operation that, rather than earning his investors the promised risk-free 6-
      18% annual return, diverted nearly all the funds into his own pockets.

      (Forbes online, June 22)


      And another word of advice: If a buddy approaches you with a free ticket to France, suggesting that
      you give away all your worldly possessions and accompany him/her to the village of Bugarach for a
      ride aboard the flying saucer that will save a lucky few (see last issue's "Snippets") from oblivion
      when the world ends on December 21, stampede in the opposite direction! Mayan wall writings
      recently unearthed in Guatemala include calendars of astronomical events slated to occur well after
      the year 3500, as revealed in the May 10 issue of the journal Science. The National Geographic
      Society has funded expeditions that led to the discovery of the ruins of Xultun, and within them a
      small room replete with murals and hieroglyphs depicting events predicted to take place more than a
      millennia from now. Quips Boston University archaeologist William Saturno, lead author of the
      study, "So much for the supposed end of the world."

      (USA Today, May 10)


                                                          Letter to the Editor
      Editor: Let me start by saying that my background is in theoretical physics, though by profession I am
      a computer programmer and analyst. Considering this background, I tend to regard UFO claims with
      more care than quite a lot of "open-minded" people. Yes, the unexplained sightings are not swamp
      gas emissions, or aircraft, or bird formations, but that by itself is no proof they're alien in origin -- for
      all we know, they may just be ultra-black projects of the Russian and U.S. military.

      I came across your website's article on Richard Hoagland, the author of notorious claims on the
      "Face on Mars" and the book The Monuments of Mars: A City on the Edge of Forever. Hoagland does
      not have the solid, convincing background of physicist Stanton T. Friedman or any scientists I have
      been fortunate to meet. Hoagland comes across as someone with a very good ability to express his
      ideas convincingly -- an eloquent orator, if you will. He has had what I consider unfortunate, odd
      interactions with Sagan and others, questioning their credibility and work. His "mathematical
      relationships" have always sounded opportunistically coincidental, so they probably deserve little
      credit. The "Face" and his claims? Maybe the "Face" is something real, maybe not; maybe someone
      built that structure, maybe it's just the product of erosion by water and wind.

      So when I read your article on Hoagland, I found myself accepting your point of view on this man.


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v25n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:48]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 25 - No. 2

      Yes, the details regarding Frank Drake, Carl Sagan and Ralph Greenberg have nothing to do with
      Hoagland's contention about the "Face" -- just details intended to prove something about Hoagland's
      character -- but in general I understand your views.

      Then I came to the home page of your personal website. You point to an interview with Philip J.
      Klass. You started it badly by asking him, "How do you account for the virulence of your critics?" --
      forgetting all along the virulence of Klass' attacks on some of the UFO "believers." Well, in our
      universe, sir, an action causes a reaction, so it should be of no surprise when someone (stupidly)
      attacks Klass. And then you could have asked him so many valuable questions, but you have already
      chosen your side years ago.

      And there is this statement on your home page: "My mind remains open to the unlikely possibility
      that paranormal phenomena are real after all." So many things said in (or intended to be read from) a
      simple statement. What "paranormal phenomena"? Are you putting in the same bag stories of ghosts,
      werewolves, vampires, flying witches and UFOs? Why?

      Most importantly, how can you claim to have an open mind when you already proclaim there's an
      "unlikely possibility" that UFOs (the main subject in your interview of Klass) are "real after all"?

      Look at the Challenger tragedy. Remember physicist Richard Feynman's perspective and comments
      on the matter and his relentless pursuit of the truth. That is open-mindedness. Seek the truth, expect
      no results before you have them, proclaim nothing before you have the truth. What is it that frightens
      you so much that you need to say you have an open mind to something that is unlikely to be true?
      Open mind and personal opinions/expectations -- before having the results from an honest and
      scientific inquiry -- do not mix.

      True, today's physics does not support the contention that UFOs, traversing cosmic distances in less
      than a lifetime, are real. But what about in 10 or 100 years from now, with super-string theory fully
      developed, or even a Unified Theory? There's no way of telling what we may find out in the future.

      Are there hoaxes? No doubt. Are there delusional people and delusional accounts? No doubt. But are
      there "unexplained" sightings or events? Indeed. I'd rather be an open-minded but honest person, who
      tries hard to understand all sides of the discussion, than a skeptic who refuses to look at things the
      way a true explorer looks -- expecting nothing, suspecting nothing, proclaiming nothing ahead of the
      results. I truly hope you are an honest seeker (even though the cliché "I was once a believer and now I
      am a skeptic" will always cast shadows on you), and not a tool for someone or some ideology. If not,
      that's life.

      --Miguel Margarido
        Barcelona, Spain
        miguelmargarido_work@yahoo.es

      Editor's reply: I'll let our readers judge my interview with Phil Klass for themselves. But as for an "open-minded"
      approach, scientific inquiry assumes the "null hypothesis," i.e., that the proposed novel phenomenon is nonexistent
      until the data compel otherwise. And though Stanton Friedman may have a scientific background, his approach
      toward UFOs is credulous rather than parsimonious.


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v25n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:48]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 25 - No. 2


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                    © 2012 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry–Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v25n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:48]
