{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T10:38:46Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 66130, "source_ctime_ns": 1790246731959499985, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-20-no-4---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790246731953713208, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-20-no-4---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "9230e22fe4b165600f9355f66a558e2aff7fa13aef5d42af72a51d25042390df"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 4


                                                            Selected articles from
                                                         VOL. 20 NO. 4 SPRING 2008


                                            Anatomy of an Investigation into
                                             a Miraculous Medical Claim
                                                          By Gary P. Posner, M.D.

      Last November 18, I received an e-mail from someone describing himself as "a Christian who
      believes that God can heal [and who] would like to believe those who say He does. However, the
      more I look for reasonable documentation of miraculous healing, the more skeptical I become."

      He cited this article which, as he said in his e-mail, "appears to be a real news story from a small
      paper, but I could find no evidence on the Internet that anyone other than the original doctor has seen
      the 'evidence.' I would like to see an expert look into this to see if there are obvious reasons to
      disbelieve this report."

      Titled "Doctor verifies healing 'miracle,'" the article ran (as its URL indicates) in the Cadillac News
      (the daily Cadillac, Michigan newspaper) on March 28, 2006. Its opening sentence: "This is the story
      of a spontaneous healing, the miraculous disappearance of a brain tumor." The patient, pictured in
      front of a cross and identified as Donna Sikes, "has the faith . . . that it was Jesus who performed the
      miracle in her truck" as she was praying on her way "last year for a doctor's appointment in Dearborn
      . . . for a final MRI before scheduling surgery [to remove] an 8-mm tumor on her brain . . . a risky
      procedure that could possibly leave her blind or paralyzed."

      The article goes on: "Two neurosurgeons in Florida recommended the surgery after Sikes suffered a
      concussion in a car crash and subsequent MRIs revealed the tumor." But, miraculously, "When her
      doctor read the results of the [recent MRI], he told her, 'There's an empty pocket of nothing in your
      head' [where the tumor had been]." Continuing:

              Dr. Alicia Elmore of Family Practice of Cadillac confirmed the mysterious disappearance
              of Sikes' tumor and documented the case in a letter written to the 700 Club dated July 8,

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:45]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 4

              2005.

              "We have her old MRIs here, two of them," Elmore stated in an interview. "I can see [the
              tumor] there."

              The letter states, "I reviewed the films and the reports myself and have no medical
              explanation for this except to call it a miraculous healing."

      Dr. Elmore also mentions that the patient told her that she had received no medication to shrink the
      tumor. And reporter Mardi Suhs announces this exciting news: "Producers of CBN's 700 Club will be
      in Cadillac [later in the week] to tape interviews and create reenactments of events in Sikes' life
      leading up to her healing."

      My investigation began on November 23 by mailing a letter to Dr. Elmore, an osteopathic physician
      board certified in Family Medicine, requesting her kind assistance by releasing to me "a copy of Ms.
      Sikes' MRI reports, neurosurgical consultations, and any other records documenting the presence of
      the brain tumor and its subsequent medically unexplainable disappearance." Her December 6 e-mail
      reply informed me that Ms. Sikes had "agreed to come in and sign a release of records for me to send
      you her neurosurgery, endocrine and MRI reports regarding this. . . . Do you want actual [MRI] films
      or just the reports? I hope this will be helpful. Please let me know if you find evidence contradictory
      to our claim of a miraculous healing." I responded that, for now, I did not need the actual films, and in
      short order I received the promised records via fax.

      The first record is an April 17, 2001, report of an MRI of the pituitary gland. The "Indication" (reason
      for being performed) reads, in its entirety, "Prolactorrhea." There is no such medical term. However,
      MRIs of the pituitary gland are standardly performed in patients found to have an elevated blood level
      of the hormone "prolactin," to check for the presence of a hormone-secreting adenoma (benign tumor)
      of the pituitary. An elevated prolactin level typically causes "galactorrhea" (inappropriate milk
      production and leakage), and the initial clinical presentation is usually that of a female who is
      lactating when she should not be.

      It turns out that, indeed, Ms. Sikes had presented with galactorrhea, and the pituitary gland happens to
      be situated in the brain, so this is the apparent reason for an MRI of the "pituitary" having been
      ordered (as opposed to an MRI of the "brain" to check for damage due to the concussion sustained in
      the car crash, as the newspaper article had indicated).

      The MRI was read (by a neurologist in Melbourne, Florida, per my Internet search -- his letterhead is
      for some reason missing from the faxed medical records) as revealing "changes in the pituitary
      consistent with a pituitary adenoma . . . 8 mm in vertical height. . . . Otherwise normal MRI of the
      pituitary."

      So, from this first report, it appeared that this was a typical, textbook case of a woman presenting to
      her doctor with galactorrhea, getting the standard blood test documenting hyperprolactinemia
      (elevated prolactin) as the cause, and consequently undergoing an MRI of the pituitary looking for --
      and finding -- an adenoma.

      Well, not exactly. A letter dated three days later from the same neurologist to the patient's primary


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:45]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 4

      physician says, "I am concerned with her recent galactorrhea that she may have hyperprolactinemia
      and [if not already] done, I recommend an endocrine workup and possible bromocriptine therapy."
      So, the physician who read her MRI (for which he or the transcriptionist had garbled the indication as
      "prolactorrhea") wanted to make sure that her blood prolactin level was drawn, documented to be
      elevated (as it would be in a patient with galactorrhea secondary to a pituitary adenoma), and treated.

      The third record, dated May 2, 2001, is the subsequent endocrinology consultation report. In it, the
      doctor notes, "She did have a prolactin level that was normal at 8.2 on 03/14/01. She has no stigmata
      of increased hormone production." Translation: No hyperprolactinemia. Her galactorrhea must be
      from some other cause. Thus, in retrospect, there had been no reason to order an MRI looking for a
      pituitary adenoma -- but we now have an MRI report indicating that she has one!

      The next record is from a May 30 follow-up visit with the same neurologist, in which he says, "As
      mentioned on previous note, her pituitary tumor was found to be stable when compared to her
      previous MRI dated 4/17/2001." This implies that I am missing an intervening visit note and a second
      MRI report (but see the next paragraph). He further indicates that he concurs with the endocrinologist
      that Ms. Sikes should have the adenoma surgically removed, and that she is agreeable.

      Next is the June 19, 2001, consultation note from a neurosurgeon at Shands Hospital, a renowned
      teaching facility at the University of Florida College of Medicine in Gainesville, to whom the patient
      was referred. Unfortunately, page 3 of this 4-page note is missing (Dr. Elmore told me that she would
      ask the patient if she has a copy). But from what I do have, the doctor notes that the patient's
      endocrine workup was entirely negative for any abnormal hormone levels from a pituitary adenoma.
      And he mentions awareness of only a single "MRI scan of the head, which revealed a maximum
      diameter 8 mm probable pituitary adenoma." (Emphasis added.) He apparently (as would normally be
      the case) had the actual films in hand -- he would not depend upon someone else's interpretation to
      decide if and how to proceed with surgery -- and sounds less certain of the presence of a definite
      adenoma than was the neurologist who had made the initial reading.

      At the very top of page 4 is this intriguing continuation from his Recommendation #2 that began on
      the missing third page: "identified, this might be responsible for her galactorrhea, which would make
      this pituitary lesion symptomatic and would explain the source of her galactorrhea." Presently I can
      only wonder if that sentence might have begun something like this: "If she were to have a follow-up
      blood test confirming an elevated prolactin level, and a follow-up MRI with a definite adenoma . . . "

      His Recommendation #3 reads, "Continued work-up for her galactorrhea including her scheduled
      mammogram and further evaluation by her family physician to rule out primary breast disease." He
      apparently suspects the possibility, if not the likelihood, of an intrinsic breast cause for her
      galactorrhea, as opposed to anything related to a pituitary adenoma. In Rec. #4 he notes that "Since
      her prolactin level is not elevated, bromocriptine is not indicated." And in Rec. #5 he advises
      "conservative management with serial MRI scans to determine if there is an interval enlargement in
      the pituitary lesion."

      The neurosurgeon then states, "I have discussed the benefits and risks of each of the above options in
      detail with the patient. She has elected to proceed with conservative management" (i.e., no surgery at
      this time). But, in the patient's own handwriting toward the bottom of the page, she writes for the
      benefit of Dr. Elmore, "This doctor is only 38 years old and did not want to do the surgery. I went on

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:45]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 4

      this 4-hour trip to Gainesville for a 2nd opinion. The doctor that was going to do the surgery . . . is in
      Melbourne, Florida."

      The last of the medical records provided to me are from two follow-up MRIs that were read as
      essentially negative, i.e., no adenoma was identified. The first one is dated April 17, 2002 -- a year to
      the day from her initial scan -- and the second March 3, 2004. Though both initially describe a
      "normal" MRI, the first comments that "the pituitary gland is noted to be plump in appearance," and
      the second -- which was "unchanged when compared to the previous study of 06/10/03" (which I did
      not receive a report of) -- says the "pituitary gland is somewhat full in appearance with a convex
      superior margin." The initial MRI that showed an apparent adenoma did not mention the rest of the
      gland as appearing "plump" or "full."

      The April 2002 report's indication says, "Evaluate for pituitary mass based on abnormal CT findings,"
      implying that somewhere along the way the patient had had a CT scan, though this seems extremely
      unlikely. In any event, there is no mention that this new MRI was compared to an abnormal CT scan
      or even to an abnormal MRI from the previous year. Similarly, the March 2004 MRI, though
      compared to another done in June 2003, was not compared to any "positive" MRI or CT scan.

      Though I admittedly have no predisposition to embrace supernatural conclusions (quite the contrary),
      I can envision a prosaic scenario. Perhaps a "plump" or "full" pituitary was initially overread -- as an
      otherwise normal-sized pituitary containing an adenoma -- by a neurologist unaware of the patient's
      normal prolactin level. Perhaps the patient's pituitary was initially even somewhat "plumper" than it
      was subsequently -- unlike brain tissue, the pituitary is a gland that can undergo some degree of cyclic
      enlargement and involution.

      I e-mailed my above impressions to Dr. Elmore "in the hopes that you will reply and clarify/correct
      any misconceptions/errors contained in my analysis to date." In addition, I asked if any physician
      other than herself had compared the "positive" and "negative" MRI films to each other. I also asked,
      "And is there more to the story? For instance, did the adenoma reappear before disappearing again
      [since no adenoma was seen in her 2002-2004 MRIs]? The 2006 newspaper article mentions proposed
      surgery 'last year' (2005) in Dearborn. Am I missing those pertinent records? Or was the article
      terribly inaccurate about that, as well as about 'two neurosurgeons in Florida' recommending surgery,
      and the 'empty pocket of nothing' where her adenoma had been?"

      In her reply, Dr. Elmore stated, "I do think I have a comparison of films from one of the doctors down
      south and from our local radiologist. . . . [The old records that Donna] has brought to me are not well
      organized. Let me look through again and see if I can find anything more [of relevance].

      She added, "When I first saw [Donna] I feared that she may have had a tumor which had not had
      adequate follow-up. Or that the previous evaluation had been only a CT scan. So, I had her get the old
      films and we sent those to Mercy Hospital here and got an updated MRI. After the last reading, I
      spoke to the radiologist myself to confirm the change from the previous MRI. I should be able to find
      that last report."

      She also informed me that although Donna originally consented to have her records released to me,
      she was now "hesitant to cooperate. . . . She fears that you are trying to prove her miracle did not
      happen. . . . [But] I will talk to Donna and see if she will agree to release the actual films." However,


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:45]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 4

      she further indicated that this was complicated by the fact that "Donna sustained a closed head injury
      from a car accident after all of this happened and she does not have a good memory." (Emphasis
      added.)

      In the intervening month since that communication, I have heard nothing further from Dr. Elmore,
      despite my reminder e-mail advising her of my deadline.

      Perhaps Donna Sikes did experience a genuine religious miracle that cured her of a "brain tumor," as
      she and Dr. Elmore have proclaimed to the media. But though they certainly may be convinced of
      that, based on the records I have seen, I remain highly skeptical.


                                        Florida finally enters the 19th century
                                                            By Terry A. Smiljanich

      On February 19, 2008 -- just one week after the celebration of Darwin Day -- the Florida Board of
      Education voted 4 to 3 to adopt new statewide science standards that mention evolution for the first
      time. The new standards had been proposed by an appointed committee of scientists and educators,
      who defined evolution as "the fundamental concept underlying all of biology" and "supported by
      multiple forms of scientific evidence." Because of the intense controversy generated by the proposed
      adoption of these standards, mainly from people who wanted creationism or its begotten son
      "intelligent design" to be given equal time, the final standard altered this wording and attempted to
      placate the anti-science crowd by simply adding to the standards the term "scientific theory of" every
      time "evolution" is mentioned. Presumably, since evolution is called a "theory," and since many
      people think a theory is just a hunch or a guess, this makes the standards more palatable to the
      ignorant.

      Interestingly, two of the three voting against the new standards did so because they believed this new
      wording, although strictly accurate in using the scientific meaning of the term "theory," watered down
      the importance of the significance of evolution as a fundamental concept supported by many different
      avenues of scientific evidence (fossils, microbiology, genetics, geology, biogeography, etc.). The
      third member of the minority, Donna Callaway, voted against even this amended version of the
      original standards because she believed that academic freedom required the teaching of the supposed
      controversy surrounding evolution in the scientific community, and the alternative theory of
      creationism.

      Another change in the newly adopted standards eliminated the reference to human beings as having
      evolved from earlier species, and instead generally references "living things" as having evolved from
      earlier species. The Adam and Eve story has thus been saved from the chopping block, unless
      students themselves are smart enough to make the connection between "living things" and humans.

      When Darwin first posited the evolution of species through natural selection, he had only mid-19th
      century science for support. Thus he devoted whole chapters to such subjects as the mating of
      domestic pigeons to create new pigeon varieties. He was missing a key future discovery of biology,

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:45]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 4

      the makeup and role of genes, DNA and mutations. Darwin's theory, although fully scientific (as
      opposed to creationism), was in need of further testing and development. Modern biology now has
      such new tools, and evolution is as ensconced in modern science as are the theories of gravitation and
      the atom. The new Florida standards, however, will not refer to the "theory" of gravity or the "theory"
      of atoms.

      If students pay attention, however, they will also be learning, under separate standards, the actual
      meaning of calling something a "scientific theory," and will even learn the difference between science
      and pseudoscience. There's hope yet.

      Florida schools had until now been stuck in the 18th century, ignoring the dreaded word "evolution"
      in its biology classes for fear of upsetting the religious beliefs of some students and their parents. It
      has now entered the mid-19th century, recognizing evolution as a scientific theory. Now if we can just
      persist in teaching our students the difference between a scientific theory and an everyday theory, and
      students can understand why evolution is a fact and natural selection is a fully scientific theory,
      perhaps they will then comprehend why creationism or "intelligent design" is not a scientific theory.
      The artificial "debate" about these alternative ideas can then be relegated to courses in religion and
      philosophy. Meanwhile, some students can go on to college and learn about 20th and even 21st
      century biology.


                                                      Renier/Merrell Update
      Noreen Renier's Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition (see Winter 2007-08) has yet to be adjudicated. Both
      John Merrell and the U.S. Trustee's office have filed motions to extend Renier's discharge for an
      additional 30 days (until late March). According to Merrell's attorney, the Trustee is sending out a
      Notice of Assets to Renier's creditors, indicating an initial determination that Renier may have assets
      (if only her book rights) that could be sold, with the proceeds distributed to her creditors. Merrell
      contends that her assets far exceed those listed in her court filings, and hopes that the additional 30
      days will allow time for further light to be shed upon this.


                                                                     Snippets


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:45]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 4


      The economy must be in the tank if you can't even get $5,000 for a piece of granite containing a
      pattern somewhat resembling Jesus on the cross. That was the predicament that a Pinellas County
      granite distributor recently found himself in. Not even St. Petersburg's Tom Finkbiner, owner of
      iSoldit on eBay, could scrounge up any bidders for that treasure at that price, though more than 800
      people at least sniffed the bait. Oh, well. If only the image had been on a potato chip.

      (St. Pete. Times, Feb. 2)


      Do you know this man?

      If so, please contact NASA immediately!

      Until he is positively identified, NASA will continue to claim that
      he is simply a randomly wind-carved feature of rock, standing a
      mere two inches high, as its rover "Spirit" has phoned home from
      Mars to report.

      While he eludes capture, this man remains armed (with what
      appears to be a club) and presumably dangerous. Watch out, Mr. "Face"!

      (WKMG-TV 6, Orlando, via the Internet, Jan. 24)


                                                         Letters to the Editor
      Editor: I am 19 years old and would like to enter your "$1,000 Challenge" to be the first person in the
      world to empirically prove that psychic capabilities exist. The biggest problem surrounding me in my
      life right now is that I have discovered that I have psychic capabilities, and it is out of my means of
      control. I was hoping that by doing this I could not only prove that this type of phenomenon exists,
      but also that you might be able to help me find the information necessary to get order back into my
      life. Up to this point, this has done nothing beneficial for my life and has only caused me harm.

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:45]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 4


      I suppose the easiest thing to do would be to work with my capability of telepathic connections. I
      could have someone else in another room and tell them what to write down.

      --William A. Blake, III
        Orlando
        wab3armstrong@aol.com

      Editor's note: We have offered William a 12:30 slot at our March 29 TBS Quarterly Meeting to demonstrate his
      telepathy.


      Editor: were can i get someone to bye the stamps right me back

      --hitman098@verizon.net

      Editor's note: The above, reprinted verbatim in its entirety, must refer to the "Face on Mars" stamp set endorsed
      as a sound investment by Richard Hoagland (see here or page 24 of the Nov/Dec 2000 Skeptical Inquirer). Our e-
      mail reply (also verbatim in its entirety): "eye donut no"


                                                UFO Abduction Insurance and
                                                  Location Earth Dog Tags
      TBS members may be aware that you are covered by our $10,000,000 UFO Abduction Insurance
      policy. But in anticipation of such an unfortunate circumstance, you might want to consider
      purchasing Location Earth Dog Tags, which contain a replica of the Pioneer 10 plaque to inform any
      extraterrestrial rescuers of your Earthly origin.


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                        © 2008 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:45]
