{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T19:39:00Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 81942, "source_ctime_ns": 1790214048230897745, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-19-no-3---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790214048211706041, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-19-no-3---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "a376377fad786de4356af08307ada7331cbb28183f51bf9f0eb96a50bbbc57d0"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 3


                                                           Selected articles from
                                                      VOL. 19 NO. 3 WINTER 2006-07


                                                        The "Martian" Who
                                                        Came to Brooksville
                                                                By Jack Robinson

      UFO reports nowadays aren't nearly as interesting as they used to be. Recent reports are usually just
      stories of alien abductions -- with no physical evidence that can be used to evaluate them. Much more
      fun, for example, was the 1965 case of the "Brooksville Martian." Here's the UPI report from the
      Tampa Tribune:

              BROOKSVILLE (UPI) -- "It made a whistling noise and went straight up at 5,000 miles an hour or
              even faster," retired longshoreman John F. Reeves said yesterday in describing a flying saucer he
              claims to have stumbled onto while on a walk in the woods near here. . . . He said he worked his way
              to within about 100 feet of the object when [a] robot-type creature appeared and walked toward him,
              stopping less than 15 feet away. . . .

              The flying saucer was described as 20 to 30 feet in diameter and six feet high and stood on a four-
              legged landing gear.

              "It was bluish-green and reddish-purple in color with two windows on top," Reeves said.

              Reeves said he saw only one robot and it dropped two pieces of cloth-like paper as it headed back to
              the saucer. Reeves said he retrieved the papers and they had "very queer writing" on them.

      A week or so later I got a phone call from someone who introduced himself as "a courier from
      NICAP," the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, the country's largest pro-UFO
      organization at the time. He offered to give me a copy of the writing on one of the two pieces of
      paper. I jumped at the chance to see physical evidence.

      The writing did indeed look strange:


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:25]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 3


      The format looked like that of a telegram. I wanted to know what it said. Could I possibly decipher it?
      Maybe I could treat it as a simple-substitution cipher -- like the "crypto-quotes" that sometimes
      appear in newspapers.

      Notice the repeated occurrence of a three-character "word" beginning with what looks like some kind
      of bug (2nd group in the first full line, last group in the next full line, and 1st group in the fourth full
      line). I guessed this three-character group might represent the word "God"; that didn't work. I guessed
      other three-letter words without success, until I tried "you" -- and that worked.

      Then it was possible to fill in letters y, o, and u where they appeared elsewhere in the message. That
      enabled me to guess some other words, for example, _oo in the fourth line might be "too." Then I
      could identify more "t"s elsewhere in the message. And so on. Finally, I had translated almost the
      entire message:

                                                                  Planet Mars
                                                                  Ston _ _ _ _
                                                             Are you coming home
                                                               soon We miss you
                                                              very much Why did
                                                             you stay away too long
                                                                (?) _ _ _ _ _ g _
                                                                _________

      Imagine: The Martian language translates letter for letter and word for word into English! And they
      call their planet by the same name we do! What priceless knowledge we gained by my deciphering of
      this alien message! Either that, or the whole event was a hoax. Either way, it doesn't say much for the
      journalistic skills of UPI, or the investigative skills of NICAP.


                                                  CHAIRMAN'S CORNER:

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:25]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 3


                                                     Skepticism and Atheism
                                                            By Terry A. Smiljanich

      Should skeptics bring religion into the arena of discussion? Richard Dawkins says so with a
      vengeance in his latest book, The God Delusion. In his usual "no holds barred" approach, Dawkins
      argues that belief in God is irrational and that the non-existence of God is so much more probable
      than the existence of God that we would be foolish to spend any time believing in such a concept. We
      might as well, he argues, spend time wondering about a Flying Spaghetti Monster or Santa Claus.
      Better to spend our time acknowledging that science and reason inform us about the world while
      religion only feeds us lies and fables.

      As can be imagined, critics have come out in droves castigating Dawkins for what they see as his
      strident and condescending anti-religious screed. Many take issue with his blanket condemnation of
      religion as giving rise, he argues, to most of the evil in the world. Critics argue that his
      "fundamentalist" brand of atheism is as bad as his opposite number. (For a complete rundown of these
      reviews and an excellent discussion of them, visit the always informative EVOLUTIONBLOG, run
      by math professor Jason Rosenhouse.)

      I am not qualified to discuss the fine points of the arguments one way or the other, due in no small
      part to my own admittedly muddled views on the subject: Am I a deist? An agnostic theist? An
      agnostic atheist? What I find interesting, however, is the tendency of many skeptics to put up a wall
      between skepticism and religion when dealing with the public. We often proclaim that we are not in
      the business of being skeptical of purely religions claims, or putting such claims to the test: Do we
      have a soul? Are there three persons in one God?

      Where we draw the line is in refusing to allow supernatural claims, absent definitive proof, to
      interfere with the workings of the universe, given the ability of science and reason to explain those
      workings or at least point the way. Whether heaven or hell exists is not subject to "proof," but
      whether prayer can cure disease is.

      This separation between skepticism and atheism also allows us to include in our membership people
      who continue to have religious persuasions about purely religious claims, and allows us to distinguish
      ourselves from the broader secular humanist community that takes a more atheistic approach to these
      questions.

      There is also, admittedly, a public relations motive at work. "Atheism" is one of the few words in the
      English language that has almost universal negative connotations, giving rise to subconscious fears of
      goat-horned satyrs with devilish designs. The word simply means one who is without a belief in a
      God demanding worship, but tell that to the public!

      There are, of course, various degrees of "atheism," from strident fundamentalism to fuzzy
      agnosticism, further adding to the problem. That is why it is impossible for someone like me to give a
      simple answer to the frequent question, "Do you believe in God or not?" Honestly, I don't know what
      the questioner even means by "God." If he means the anthropomorphic God of creation who reckons
      the fall of every sparrow, then I can emphatically say "no." If, however, he means the numinous awe


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:25]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 3

      at the sublime and marvelous order revealing itself in nature, which Einstein called "God," I'm not
      sure I could give such an emphatic "no." One thing I know I'm not, however, is an apathetic agnostic
      ("I don't know and I don't care"). We will never have definitive answers to these questions, but I find
      the constant search to be immeasurably rewarding.


                                                                     Snippets


      Research by Swiss neurologist Olaf Blanke, as published in the September 21 issue of Nature,
      confirms that so-called "out-of-body" experiences are actually in-the-brain events. The sensation of
      leaving one's body, floating above it, and looking down upon oneself, is the result of stimulation of
      the brain's right angular gyrus. Blanke also found that stimulating the left angular gyrus recreates
      another alleged paranormal experience -- that of sensing a shadowy figure lurking behind. Turns out
      the unwelcome stranger is merely a perceived double of oneself.

      (N.Y. Times via St. Pete. Times, Oct. 8)


      An announcement in the Miami Herald:

      "South Florida is getting its own version of the hit series Cold Case. This month, WSBS-TV Mega 22
      is launching Xpediente, a crime magazine show. Journalist Allan Villafaña will explore some of the
      area's most interesting, unsolved cases through re-enactment of crime scenes and investigation of
      evidence in cooperation with local police departments and federal officers. Cases will include serial
      killers and those involving santería and psychic premonitions. The show airs Wednesdays at 9 p.m."

      (Miami Herald, Oct. 23)


      Perhaps Sally Baldwin can be of some assistance to that show by reuniting grieving loved ones with
      their dearly departed. "It's an essence, an energy flow," says the Lauderdale-by-the-Sea resident about

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:25]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 3

      the messages she receives from the dead, which "pass through me and come out in spoken words."
      According to this article, "Thanks to the popularity of psychics and best-selling authors Allison
      DuBois and John Edward, channeling has spread beyond a cult curiosity." It is, presumably, now an
      accepted reality -- at least to most people, such as those who attend her monthly public "channelings"
      or her private sessions. But James "The Amazing" Randi remains skeptical: "While the evidence
      [purporting to prove psychic ability] is copious, it's all very bad. Bad evidence doesn't hold water. A
      small amount of good evidence would prove the case."

      (South Florida Sun-Sentinel, Oct. 9 )


                                        Miles Hardy resigns, citing health issues
      Prof. Miles Hardy, a member of the Executive Council and Board of Directors since TBS's inception
      in 1988, has tendered his resignation, citing age-related health issues.

      A favorite TV guest of Kathy Fountain's, Miles played an integral role in TBS's achieving instant
      credibility with the media and the public at large.

      Replacing Miles on the Board will be Prof. Jack Robinson, and Prof. Bill Hall will do so on the
      Executive Council.

      Miles assures us that, "Although I am resigning my official duties, I will remain a loyal supporter and
      member of TBS. We had some great times, didn't we"? Indeed. And we all wish Miles the very best.


                                                    Merrell v. Renier Update
      On November 16, the U.S. District Court judge in John Merrell v. Noreen Renier (see our Spring and
      Summer 2006 issues) ruled that Renier breached her 1992 Settlement Agreement with Merrell by
      including two chapters in A Mind for Murder that "accuse Mr. Merrell of lying and maliciously
      attempting to destroy Ms. Renier's career." At press time, it appears that Renier's Nov. 27 "Request
      for Partial Reconsideration" has been denied, and Merrell is entitled to recover his $45,000+ in
      attorney's fees, as well as pursue an additional damages award via binding arbitration or, if necessary,
      a jury trial.


                                                           TBS in the Media
      TBS was the focus of a Friday the 13th (of October) article "Nothing to Fear?" in the St. Petersburg

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:25]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 3

      Times' "City Times" section. Terry Smiljanich, our chairperson since 1989, was quoted extensively.

      Gary Posner was quoted (with photo) in the Charlottesville, Va., free weekly newspaper The Hook in
      an article about Noreen Renier (and be sure to see the "Discussion" section at the end). He was also
      quoted in an Oct. 1 Sarasota Herald-Tribune article, "Divining Guidance," as in divining or dowsing
      for water, mineral deposits, or even missing persons. The 15-year-old Manasota Dowsers Club was
      the featured subject of this piece.


                                                         Letters to the Editor
      Editor: Hooray! Got hold of the Fall 2006 TBS Report and enjoyed reading some common sense for
      a change. I am a James "The Amazing" Randi fan and enjoy seeing common myths debunked (ESP,
      UFOs, Tarot cards, palm reading, etc.). Glad to see there are some smart people who agree with me.

      --Peter Bernard, Reporter
        WFLA-TV 8
        pbernard@wfla.com


      Editor: I'd like to take TBS's "$1,000 Challenge"! I am willing to be tested as soon as possible, and
      will come to you. I already sent a notarized application to the James Randi Educational Foundation
      for its million-dollar challenge, but I haven't received any word on its status.

      I will be blunt: I have the ability to cure scoliosis using energy healing. In severe cases, it might take a
      few sessions. In minor cases -- as I have done before -- the curve completely disappeared in under an
      hour. It will be seen that I do not manipulate the spine into correct alignment via force, as in
      chiropractic spinal manipulation.

      A noticeable reduction in the degree of lateral curvature will constitute a positive result. For purposes
      of exact measurement, I propose that a qualified independent observer measure the spine before and
      after using the standard Cobb angle. I can go chase down the people whose spines were straightened,
      some completely, as a direct result of my treatment. But I would prefer to prove myself via a
      scientific test. Please let me know what you need from me before agreeing to set one up.

      --Christopher Pille
        christopher.pille@gmail.com

      Edited from my e-mail replies to Christopher: "As you know, spinal curvature can vary somewhat depending
      upon the person's conscious (or subconscious) efforts to stand straighter. The test must be designed such that the
      results are so self-evident that no judge is required [I referred him to online examples of TBS's previous '$1,000
      Challenge' protocols]. Before we would consider trying to set up a test, I would like to see medical records
      (photocopies from an M.D.'s office chart) documenting that a patient with 'severe scoliosis' of long standing was
      'cured' after several sessions with an 'energy healer' (i.e., you)." Despite our prior exchanges, I never received a


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:25]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 3

      reply to this request. —G.P.


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                        © 2006 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:25]
