{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T07:10:45Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 57352, "source_ctime_ns": 1790162794671891293, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-16-no-3---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790162794667509654, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-16-no-3---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "fa92d3ffd2dbd8c1dede13ee09fffd1b3e0ac84b0abc6cc4f397437c45defc54"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 16 - No. 3


                                                           Selected articles from
                                                      VOL. 16 NO. 3 WINTER 2003-04


                                                  Court TV Guilty of Hyping
                                                    "Psychic Detectives"
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      One feature of Court TV is its heavily promoted three-hour "Saturday Night Solution" theme
      programming from 8 to 11:00 p.m. Eastern. The topic on Saturday, September 6, was "Psychic
      Detectives."

      The first two hours were simply episodes of Forensic Files and Body of Evidence that dealt with the
      solution to mysterious crimes but were not specifically related to psychic detectives. Immediately
      preceding the commercials, the evening's hosts, Kristen Eykel and Dave Holmes, would occasionally
      chat for a moment to tie in the programming with that night's theme.

      The show from 10-11 p.m. did deal with the evening's topic, and was called Psychic Detectives. The
      program had actually first been broadcast earlier in the year (I had taped it on February 27) and had
      aired again just two days before the September 6 "Saturday Night Solution" theme night. Hosted by
      former NYPD Blue star Andrea Thompson (who later did a stint with CNN Headline News before
      joining Court TV), the show was an hour of pro-psychic stories unworthy of comment in these pages
      (other than, perhaps, to note the credulous nature of those police officers and detectives featured).

      However, when Psychic Detectives was re-aired on September 6, one of the brief "Saturday Night
      Solution" theme-chats was about Noreen Renier:

              Kristen: Renowned psychic detective Noreen Renier has been credited for solving many
              baffling mysteries. But she is best known for predicting the assassination attempt on
              Ronald Reagan.

              Dave: At an FBI lecture in January of '81, Renier envisioned Reagan having a sharp pain

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v16n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:20]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 16 - No. 3

              in his left chest that fortunately would not be fatal.

              K: Two months later, the attempt on Reagan's life went very much as she described.

              D: Renier then predicted the president's demise in a machine gun assault later that fall.

              K: Yeah, you know, Dave, Reagan never was attacked with machine guns.

              D: Right. But, Egyptian President Anwar Sadat was! Ummm, see? She never clarified
              which president. Right?

              K: Oooh. I got spooky little chills. Wow! Were her predictions sheer shots in the dark?
              [She then makes a "punny" face and jabs her partner with her elbow.] Or genuine visions
              where a single wire got crossed?

              D: We'll never know. But we do know this: The "Saturday Night Solution" will return.

      In my chapter on Renier in Psychic Sleuths: ESP and Sensational Cases, I cover the above incidents
      in almost the same wording. I strongly suspect that Court TV gleaned these anecdotes from my
      chapter, for they are well aware of the book, and the chapter specifically (more on that later). The
      Court TV website also contains the transcript of an interactive online "chat" with Noreen Renier,
      which took place sometime in 1999. Though her Reagan prediction was discussed, there is no
      mention of Anwar Sadat.

      Had our TV hosts also mentioned what appears two pages later in my chapter, viewers would have
      been informed that Renier had previously predicted Jimmy Carter's reelection in 1980 (Reagan
      defeated Carter in a 44-state landslide), and Carter's subsequent assassination on the White House
      lawn. She had added for good measure that Carter's vice president, Walter Mondale, would commit
      suicide. But clueing in their viewers to the broader context would have risked providing a genuine
      "Saturday Night Solution" to the so-called mystery of "psychic detectives."

      During some of their other chats, Kristen and Dave referred their viewers to that week's Court TV
      "saturdaynightsolution.com" web page. The page contained a link to this brief summary of the
      Psychic Detectives program:

              Psychic Detectives

              Psychics may be the hot commodity on afternoon television, but in the world of criminal
              investigation they can, and have, helped not only in crime solving but also in fine-tuning
              the gut instinct of a seasoned detective. Told from the detective's point of view, "Psychic
              Detectives" will re-visit crimes that a psychic helped crack. In addition, investigators and
              psychics will share the uncanny tips and unexplainable clues that have helped close
              unsolvable cases. Hosted by Court TV's Andrea Thompson.

      And that page contained a link to Court TV's "Crime Library" coverage of "Psychic Detectives."

      As mentioned earlier, Court TV is well aware of my chapter on Noreen Renier in Psychic Sleuths.
      Chapters 7 and 11 of this "Crime Library" article deal with "skeptics" and contain references to the

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v16n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:20]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 16 - No. 3

      book. There's even a photo of me, and I am quoted in both chapters, as is Psychic Sleuths editor Joe
      Nickell.

      Oooh. I just got spooky little chills myself, imagining the good that television could do if only there
      was money in "doing the right thing." But I suppose we can take solace in the fact that Court TV
      appears as devoted to truth-seeking as are the nation's courtrooms.


                                                      CHAIRMAN'S CORNER

                                                            By Terry A. Smiljanich

                                          "All men are Socrates (or something like that)"

              A. All men are mortal.
              B. Socrates is a man.
                  Therefore,
              C. All men are Socrates.

      I was reminded of this bit of twisted syllogism from Woody Allen while thinking about the
      relationship of skepticism and humanism. The leading humanist organization, the Center for Inquiry -
      - International, currently has two major subdivisions: CSICOP, which deals with skeptical inquiry of
      paranormal claims, and the Council for Secular Humanism, which promotes secular values and rights
      of the non-religious. If you are a secular humanist, are you necessarily a skeptic? If you are a skeptic,
      are you necessarily a secular humanist?

      The Council for Secular Humanism lists among its tenets the application of reason and science to the
      understanding of the universe, and skepticism regarding untested claims to knowledge. These
      principles are surely the hallmarks of rational skepticism. In addition, however, secular humanists
      make claims regarding justice, fairness in society, moral excellence, and promotion of an open and
      pluralistic democracy for all. Thus, the two divisions of the Center for Inquiry epitomize this twofold
      aspect of humanism: 1) a concern for the proper evaluation of claims and theories about the physical
      world; and 2) a concern for the cultivation of appropriate moral principles about the human world,
      separate and apart from any religious or theological source.

      From this, we can properly deduce that all secular humanists are, or should be, skeptics. A proper
      disdain for the supernatural is part and parcel of the makeup of a secular humanist. But what about the
      skeptic? Can a person call oneself a skeptic if he/she accepts supernatural explanations about
      anything? For example, can a skeptic still believe in the miracle of Lourdes and the magical healing
      powers of its waters?

      In my view, a person who accepts supernatural explanations for the natural world cannot call oneself
      a true skeptic in the complete sense of the word. The two ideas are mutually exclusive. Yet it seems
      logical to me that one can be completely skeptical about claims of the physical world, while refusing
      to accept all of the secular humanists' claims about the moral universe. So, in that sense, all secular

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v16n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:20]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 16 - No. 3

      humanists are skeptics, but not all skeptics are secular humanists.

      But some argue that unless one has no religious beliefs, one cannot call oneself a skeptic, since such a
      person perforce must accept supernatural claims of some sort involving supernatural beings. This
      raises for me a more difficult question. As a few past columns have made clear, I do not count myself
      as an atheist or true agnostic. I don't have the space here to engage in a complete description of my
      beliefs (admittedly vague though they are). Suffice it to say that although I do not believe in a
      "Heavenly Father," angels, miracles, or Hell, I do believe in transcendent universal truths, not
      dependant on human invention. Concepts such as justice, love and mathematical truths are not human
      inventions, but have a pre-existing content.

      From the above, I deduce (for mostly emotional rather than strictly logical reasons) a deism that
      cannot be classified as secular humanism. Thus, though I am a skeptic, I don't believe that my
      skepticism requires me to be a secular humanist (although I share many of its precepts).

      I take comfort in the fact that I am not alone in these beliefs. Skeptic par excellence Martin Gardner
      would, I think, agree with me. Likewise, celebrity skeptic Steve Allen shared similar views. Both
      were skeptics who "believed in God."

      Thus, we can conclude:

              A. All secular humanists are skeptics.
              B. All skeptics share some secular humanist values.
                  Therefore,
              C. I am a nonsecular humanist and must be right,
                  since Martin Gardner agrees with me.

      Or something like that.


                                                                     Snippets


      The truth about UFOs is out there -- in Stockholm. Astronomer and photographer Tom Callen is
      curator of a display at the Swedish Museum of Natural History called "UFO: The Truth is Here."


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v16n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:20]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 16 - No. 3

      Explained Callen, "The goal is to help people understand that most so-called UFO sightings were
      merely nothing more than misidentified astronomical, or manmade, objects. People have become so
      unfamiliar with the night sky that anything peculiar becomes something other than it really is." Cullen
      has also crafted UFO models and taken photographs of them to illustrate how easily people can be
      fooled by hoax photos. "We live in an age where critical thinking [should be] a requirement, not an
      option."

      (Tampa Tribune, Oct. 13)


      Despite the best efforts of a fertility specialist, Tampa software engineer Mary Hansen was still
      unable to conceive -- until she met Dr. Jian Zhong Xue. Formerly a surgeon in China and now
      practicing traditional Chinese medicine in Tampa, Xue prescribed a sour/bitter concoction of herbs to
      be ingested three times daily. Four months later, Hansen was pregnant! A miracle? No, pure science.
      During each visit Xue had examined her tongue and altered the herbal mixture accordingly. "He helps
      you balance your body," explained Hansen. A few skeptics were also interviewed for the article,
      including Dr. Sandy Goodman of the Reproductive Medicine Group and Dr. Steven Zeitzew, Chief of
      Orthopaedic Surgery at West Los Angeles V.A. Healthcare Center.

      (St. Pete. Times, Oct. 20)


      Jennifer Huffman is an environmental scientist who majored in biology. Hubby Jerry is a former
      deep-sea diver who participated in oil spill clean-ups. Neither would seem to be the typical crystal
      freak. But the couple has now opened Crystal Freqs, a New Age shop in Plant City specializing in
      wares with alleged healing properties. Jerry's epiphany came when he visited an American Indian
      burial site. Describing a gnarled tree, he said, "You can picture elves running along the branches. . . .
      I've been a different person ever since." Jennifer became a believer based on the science: "Your body
      is electrical. Crystals are electrical amplifiers." And, naturally, the specific crystal's molecular
      arrangement dictates the distribution of electrical current through the body, all the while unblocking
      chakras and thus promoting good health.

      (Tampa Tribune, Aug. 16)


      George George died died on June 23. His main claim to fame -- which included a bird's-eye photo in
      Newsweek of his restaurant’s roof -- was not his double name, but the greeting that he had painted on
      the roof in August 1952: "Coffee Free. Welcome Saucers." Indeed, his Charcoal House restaurant,
      which was located near Al Lang Field in St. Petersburg, was hailed as the world's first UFO welcome
      station and landing site. But according to son Rick, his father didn't really believe in flying saucers.
      The sign was just a publicity stunt, and an effective one.

      (St. Pete. Times, June 25)

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v16n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:20]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 16 - No. 3


                                                           TBS in the Media
      Terry Smiljanich was one of Kathy Fountain's three guests on Ch. 13's Your Turn on October 17. The
      topic was Tribulation and End Times, which would be further debated that weekend at a seminar by
      the two other guests: Thomas Ice (Executive Director of the Pre-Trib Research Center and a
      confederate of Tim LaHaye) and the Rev. Samuel Frost (Christ Covenant Church).

      That same day, the John Walsh Show taped a program on "Psychic Phenomena: An Inside Look," to
      air on October 24. Both Noreen Renier and Gary Posner were contacted for possible appearances (just
      imagine the drama of that confrontation!), as was CSICOP's Joe Nickell (in the event Gary couldn’t
      make it). However, to avoid the airfares to New York City, the show decided instead, as its website
      announced that week, to "spend a fascinating hour with Dougall Fraser --— a 26-year-old clairvoyant
      . . . one of the country’s top psychics. . . . Dougall helps our guests find answers, hope, and in some
      cases, closure in their lives."

      John Walsh, of all people, ought to know better. After all, if "psychic" power was genuine, his other
      TV program, America’s Most Wanted, would be unnecessary -- the nation's legion of "psychic
      detectives" could take care of locating the fugitives, including the murderer (still unidentified) of his
      own son. As Posner told Walsh's producer, rather than "budgetary" concerns, he suspects that they
      cynically opted to titillate rather than "“educate your viewers about the true nature of 'psychic'
      [phenomena]."

      But Posner had been quoted (sort of) in Leonora LaPeter's October 5 St. Petersburg Times article on
      "firewalking". As is the rule, rather than the exception, for newspaper reporters, Posner's "quote" was
      a loose approximation rather than verbatim. One example was her substitution of "psychiatrist" for
      "psychologist."

      Beyond that one "quote," Posner had also explained to Ms. LaPeter the physics of firewalking. Rather
      than reporting that "The explanation for why firewalkers rarely burn their feet is less clear," and that
      the podiatrists she contacted "had no medical explanation," she could have really quoted from
      Posner's interview. Though not credited, it was he who explained to her about the "ash" and that
      "wetting" the feet helps, as well as the importance of other factors such as the length of the walk, the
      temperature of the coals, and the speed of the walk, and used the analogy of touching a cake baking in
      the oven to explain heat conduction. TBS member/consultant Alan Soli's excellent Letter to the Editor
      explaining much of the above appeared in the Oct. 13 Times.


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                                         © 2003 by Tampa Bay Skeptics


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v16n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:20]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 16 - No. 3


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v16n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:20]
