{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T18:06:52Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 78947, "source_ctime_ns": 1790295182237720652, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-26-no-2---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790295182234161122, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-26-no-2---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "9d2a96e3d9ee3a5a2a72c697a2d2d88445aca6374a66158c04ce6ae255c90423"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 26 - No. 2


                                                            Selected articles from
                                                          VOL. 26 NO. 2 FALL 2013


                                                           TBS in Transition
                                                            By Terry A. Smiljanich

      Tampa Bay Skeptics was founded 25 years ago, through the considerable efforts of Gary Posner. He
      has continued those efforts ever since, putting out a quarterly newsletter, finding material to publish
      in the newsletter, keeping track of TBS finances, maintaining an archive of TBS materials,
      maintaining our website, setting up quarterly meetings and finding interesting content for those
      meetings (with much help in recent years from Jack Robinson), and generally making sure that TBS
      doesn't just go the way of so many special interest groups, i.e, starting off with great passion and then
      just petering out after a year or two.

      Times have changed over the past quarter century. Print media is dying and being replaced by social
      media. "Clubs" are not popular with younger generations. The Internet instantly provides information
      tailored to your particular interests, together with any opinion one wants to seek out to confirm your
      particular bias.

      At a recent symposium held at the University of Florida discussing the new look of higher education
      (mainly due to online courses), a student spokesman, working on an advanced degree in computer
      engineering, was asked where he primarily gets his news information. He quickly answered, "On
      Twitter, like almost everyone I know."

      From an initial peak of about 120 members, TBS has suffered a slow but steady decline in paid
      membership, currently standing at around 40, and lately our quarterly meetings have been sparsely
      attended. At the last meeting, Gary and I waited to see if anyone else would show up. One intrepid
      soul did. He offered his opinion that clubs and meetings just aren't very popular anymore, and that
      TBS needed to enter the world of social media.

      He was right. I have recently created a Facebook page (Facebook.com/TampaBaySkeptics) and a

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v26n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:47]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 26 - No. 2

      Twitter account (Twitter.com/TampaBaySkeptic [no "s" at end]) for TBS, both admittedly in their
      incipient stages. And given that our website contains much of the material that is published in our
      newsletters, the following questions arise: Why keep putting out a hard-copy newsletter when
      everyone can just go to the website and read much of its content? And if we stop publishing it, why
      continue to require dues from members when most of our expenses relate to the printing and mailing
      of the newsletter? What does it mean anymore to be a "member"? Isn't it just a subscription?

      For all of these reasons, TBS is going to have to change with the times. Our upcoming meeting on
      September 28 will consist largely of a discussion of these matters, and interested members are
      encouraged to attend and express their opinions.

      As readers will see from Gary Posner's editorial that follows, he is not only weary of carrying all of
      the weight, he is also discouraged by what he sees as political and economic trends in America, and is
      no longer as excited about beliefs in paranormal silliness.

      Gary and I have been compatriots in this TBS endeavor ever since I became Chairman in our second
      year. Although we agree about the importance of rational inquiry and the proper approach to
      examination of paranormal claims, we couldn't be further apart when it comes to politics. My own
      summary of political events over the past 25 years would look very different than his, whether it's the
      problems with the Supreme Court these days, liberal bias in the media, fiat money, or the course of
      presidential politics and the national debt since the 1980s. As for whether humanity can be blamed for
      global warming, and the extent to which those who express skepticism of the current scientific
      consensus are being denigrated and shamed into silence, we again disagree, though amicably.

      What cannot be denied is that Gary is now far more concerned over political and economic trends
      than with, as he calls them, "comparatively trivial superstitions and such." Although I am not in the
      same place as he, without his Herculean efforts TBS cannot go on as before.

      I have volunteered to try and keep our new Facebook and Twitter accounts engaging. Gary will keep
      the website alive and perhaps publish a more occasional newsletter. Clearly, however, it is time to
      take a good look at TBS and see where we are heading. Again, we hope to see many of you on
      September 28.


                                        EDITORIAL: "All Good Things . . ."
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      When TBS was founded in the 1980s, America was vibrantly emerging from a period of double-digit
      inflation and unemployment. "Made in America" entrepreneurial spirit was soaring. Thanks in large
      part to a vigorous press holding the White House's feet to the fire, and the President's desire to
      befriend and reach compromises with his colleagues across the aisle, our democracy never seemed
      healthier, and the Berlin wall was about to crumble, along with the Kremlin's threat to the U.S. A
      seemingly endless epoch of peace and prosperity seemed in sight. Whether or not someone believed
      that a strange light in the sky was an interplanetary spacecraft is what really got my juices roiling.

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v26n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:47]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 26 - No. 2


      But the fourth estate is now in foreclosure. Rather than speaking truth to power, for most of the past
      five years the Washington press corps has done little more than take dictation and cheerlead. A
      courageous investigative journalist for CBS News feels pressured to tone down her reporting about
      one of the "phony scandals" currently besieging the Administration and her personal and work
      computers get hacked (she believes she knows by whom but the investigation continues). Radical
      Islam replaces the Soviets as not only a mortal enemy of the U.S. but an existential threat to Western
      civilization (once they begin securing their arsenal of WMDs). Whether or not someone decides to
      visit an astrologer seems far less important to me now than it did back when.

      The vote of one man, usually Anthony Kennedy (though it was John Roberts re: Obamacare), now
      generally decides some of the most important matters facing our society. The Founders would never
      have constructed, nor the states ratified, a Constitution conferring such power to one individual, or
      even to the entire Supreme Court, which was envisioned to be the weakest of the three "coequal"
      branches. Nor, when they decreed that only the Congress shall "coin money," did they sanction that
      the dollar (made of precious metal), or the more portable dollar note (an IOU redeemable for precious
      metal), could be replaced by the Federal Reserve Note, created by the gazillions out of thin air by a
      private bank cartel in its well-intentioned attempts to attenuate the normal ups and downs of interest
      rates and business cycles, but by so doing enabling profligate spending, guaranteeing debasement of
      the currency, and teeing us up for one hell of a day of reckoning. That some lady claims to have ESP
      doesn't seem to rankle quite as much anymore.

      China is lobbying to replace the dollar as the world's reserve currency with its own. Should this
      happen, it might suddenly cost us several precious metal coins, or a boatload of Federal Reserve
      Notes, for the proverbial loaf of bread. Until I saw 60 Minutes on August 11, I considered this a not-
      too-distant inevitability. But it turns out that China's economy is largely bogus. Yes, they are now
      flooding the world with a surplus of affordable goods. But they are also constructing about 20 new
      "ghost cities" -- not mere residential developments or industrial parks, but full-sized cities -- each
      year, congested with upscale high-rises, all of which are eerily devoid of any occupants. You see,
      China forbids its citizens from investing beyond its borders, and its interest rates are too low to
      generate enticing returns, so as its migration toward capitalism generates wealth for its formerly
      impoverished masses, they are being enticed by glossy brochures to put their savings into real estate
      boondoggles that are thus metastasizing despite the absence of a pool of potential inhabitants. China's
      version of the "American Dream" is a one-way ticket to destitution, and when its economy implodes,
      watch out! With the world becoming more bizarrely irrational than any paranormalist, my enthusiasm
      to debunk pyramid power has largely gone kaput.

      The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has announced that 2012 was "among the 10
      warmest years on record." That it was also one of the coolest of the current decade was not, and
      cannot, be acknowledged, except in whispers by white-sheeted "Holocaust deniers." George
      Washington, in his farewell address, warned of the dangers of political parties, among them the
      tendency to foster unnecessary antagonisms among groups and the raising of false alarms. Hopefully
      the scientific community will not devolve into polarized camps of Sciencrats vs. Republitists, but I
      fear that we are already on our way. Somehow, the "Face on Mars" farce fails to fascinate me as much
      as before.

      I could go on and on, but suffice it to say that after 25 years of hard labor as your humble editor and

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v26n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:47]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 26 - No. 2

      principal writer of TBS Report, I am growing increasingly weary of worrying about comparatively
      trivial superstitions and such. And with no enthusiastic successors in sight, it appears that our hard-
      copy newsletter may go the way of so many other publications. But even if we do not continue to
      publish regularly, we may surprise you with periodic mailings. And our website, which I will
      continue to maintain, is being complemented by new Facebook and Twitter accounts, administered (at
      least initially) by Terry Smiljanich, that will carry on the work of Tampa Bay Skeptics well into the
      future. As we have said before, stay tuned!


                                                  Naples "UFO" Evaporates
      On August 7, WBBH-TV 2 in Fort Myers ran a story about a "UFO" caught on a condo's surveillance
      footage two nights earlier in Naples. The video, which enthralled the condo's security officer and
      residents as well as Ch. 2 reporter Rick Ritter, and had become "the talk of Naples," shows a few
      smeary, shape-shifting lights seemingly hovering over a swimming pool for nearly 30 minutes before
      disappearing.

      Ritter sent the video to the Mutual UFO Network (MUFON). But former TBS member James Conrad,
      co-author of Filmmaker's Dictionary, who kept TBS closely apprised of the ongoing saga, suspected
      an obvious prosaic solution and requested an expert opinion from replacementdomes.com, a supplier
      of domes for security cameras. Their conclusion: ". . . what our engineer and quality manager both see
      is simply a rain drop that obscures the view and refracts light."

      Even MUFON, though its official report is riddled with errors, has come to the same conclusion. But
      Debralee Thomas, the condo's security officer, still rejects this simple explanation.


                                                                     Snippets


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v26n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:47]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 26 - No. 2


      Area 51, where our study of extraterrestrial spaceships is alleged to have resulted in many of
      mankind's most remarkable technological breakthroughs, and our "alien autopsies" have perhaps led
      to miraculous medical discoveries, has finally been officially acknowledged to exist. Documents
      recently released by the CIA reveal that this portion of the dry Groom Lake bed in Nevada, about 125
      miles northwest of Las Vegas, has been the home for top-secret military activities such as the U-2
      spy-plane programs. But, sadly, there is still no official admission that the UFO buffs have been right
      all along. "We're hoping the CIA is leading up to [ET] disclosure," says Audrey Hewins, who runs a
      support group in Maine for "abductees" like herself. "I'm thinking that they're probably testing the
      waters now." But I doubt it, if only because the lake bed is dry!

      (A.P. via Tampa Tribune, August 17)


      Tampa Tribune correspondent Paul Guzzo informs us, "Just because it's a superstition doesn't mean it
      isn't so." With tongue not obviously near cheek, Guzzo' piece begins, "The world is rife with
      superstitions [e.g., rabbit's foot, black cat] that can easily be dismissed by skeptics. . . . However,
      sometimes events occur that suggest a superstition isn't so ridiculous. In the past decade, two historic
      Ybor City talismans have proven to have some substance." Guzzo then tells the story of the clock
      tower atop the J.C. Newman Cigar Factory, which was built in 1910. "Besides being the official
      timekeeper of Ybor City, [it] also was thought to be the district's genie and good luck charm . . .
      [keeping the city] safe, looking over the community like a magical guard in the sky." That is, until its
      bell was shut off in 1954 after a nearby resident complained that it kept her baby awake at night. Lo
      and behold, within a few years, the urban renewal program that was supposed to revitalize the city
      instead severed it in two by the construction of the Interstate highway. Only after the bell was issued a
      reprieve in 2002 did the development tide begin to turn: "Ybor's clock was silenced and the district
      was destroyed; when it was turned back on, the district was restored."

      The second talisman was a wooden nail keg originally owned by former Tampa Mayor Dick Greco's
      father. "According to legend [which began in 1940], if a political candidate sat on the nail keg, he was
      guaranteed victory." And indeed it worked for a succession of politicians, including (in addition to
      some others) two governors and two mayors, one being Dick Greco himself in several successful
      campaigns. But after losing the keg after a move to a new home in 2010, Greco's 2011 election effort
      was a bust.

      (Tampa Tribune, April 14)


                                         Another Stinky "Skunk Ape" Video
      No, it doesn't look much more clear in the original iPhone video. But according to Mike Falconer and
      his son, they spotted, and captured for posterity (image-wise) what they believe is the elusive Florida
      "Skunk Ape."


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v26n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:47]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 26 - No. 2

      The grainy video was, so they say, shot on March 2 in the Myakka River State Park in Sarasota
      County, after the duo spotted in the distance, and attempted to approach, an ape-like creature of
      undetermined olfactory offensiveness. And other curiosity seekers are said to have stopped their cars
      along the nearby road to catch a peek, or a whiff, of the famous beastie.


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                    © 2013 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry–Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v26n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:47]
