{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T13:34:22Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 54739, "source_ctime_ns": 1788526082016099974, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-19-no-1---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788526082010847859, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-19-no-1---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "e5111253bac18772fc905140e67c1ee84613b12ccc052671f76c888349ca4912"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 1


                                                           Selected articles from
                                                       VOL. 19 NO. 1 SUMMER 2006


                                        'Close Encounter of the 2nd-Hand Kind'
                                        with "psychic medium" George Anderson
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      George Anderson, one of the country's three major "psychic mediums," may be less well known than
      John Edward and James Van Praagh. But, like the others, he charges the bereaved a small fortune for
      the opportunity to ostensibly communicate with a departed loved one.

      The closest I've ever been to Anderson was in October 1999 on the defunct MSNBC television show
      Crosstalk, which devoted an hour to discussing communication with the dead and that night's premier
      of Linda Ellerbee's HBO special, Life Afterlife. Anderson was a guest in the network studio, with
      Ellerbee, myself, and a couple others scattered in various remote locations. During the program, in
      response to one of my comments, Anderson acknowledged that "skepticism is healthy . . . it means
      you're thinking." But I don't think the following is the sort of "thinking" that he would appreciate
      becoming the norm.

      Last year, someone who had lost her twenty-something-year-old son (I'll call him "Adam" here) in an
      auto accident, and whose identity I need to keep in strict confidence (I'll call her "Eve"), sought out
      Anderson and paid $1,200 to connect with her dearly and tragically departed. Fortunately for us
      "thinking" folks, she recorded the nearly one-hour session (with -- amazingly -- Anderson's
      concurrence) and has thoughtfully provided a copy. [March 2013 update: I have now been granted
      permission by the mother to post the audio of the entire session -- click here to listen to the MP3 file.]

      The session begins with Anderson's announcement that "immediately a male presence comes forward
      . . . [pause, then under his breath] and two females follow." Eve's body language and verbal feedback
      help establish the sex of the deceased party with whom she desires communication. But age, unlike
      sex, presents nearly a hundred possibilities. Anderson: "He claims he passed on young? [pause, due to
      apparent absence of feedback] Excuse me, relatively young by today's standards, yes? That means 70

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:43:16]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 1

      down." So, Eve's son did not cry out, "Mom, I'm here!" Or, to Anderson, "My name is Adam. I was
      killed at age 25 in an auto accident." Instead, Adam decided to play a version of the child's games
      "Hot and Cold" and "20 Questions." After some inane byplay with Eve (of the sort occupying most of
      the session), Anderson continues: "He's already on the defensive saying [again], 'I passed over young
      by today's standards,' but he wasn't a child." Anderson has obviously gone fishing -- Husband? Son?
      Father?

      At this point, only 55 seconds into the 52-minute session, any "thinking" person should recognize that
      this "communication" simply cannot be genuine. The intact sentences that Anderson claims to relay
      are so ridiculous (the above example being but one) that I can only shake my head in bewilderment at
      the gullibility of his supporters.

      Still floundering for the nature of their relationship: "He says he's your sweetheart, understood?
      [pause -- apparently not] But not romantically? [pause -- Eve says, "I don't know."] I think I have two
      people; one states he is your sweetheart romantically, yes?" But he had earlier specified one male and
      two females. This sort of transparent game-playing, and Anderson's excuses (such as, "He said
      ['sweetheart'] to be funny") wastes minute after minute -- at more than $20 per.

      One need listen to the entire recording to appreciate the endless stream of wild guesses and proffered
      questions, and the offering of no specific information whatsoever from or about the "next level" of
      existence.

      Anderson's excruciating attempts to divine the departed's name continue intermittently until finally
      resolved at about the half-way point. At 12:38: "He is now telling me his first name is short." Eve
      offers "Yes," but no more, and Anderson abandons this attempt. At about 15:40 he tries again: "He
      doesn't have the most common first name . . . but you can shorten it? [Actually, no.] He showed me
      six letters, but it's less than that?" [Eve offers "Yes."] A bit later: "[The] letter 'J' -- anything to do
      with him?" Then, "Now why did your son say 'A,B,C,D' and he stopped, understood?" He offers the
      names "Kyle" and "Keith," both incorrect. He again moves on. At 36:13, after playing more letter
      games, and with more help from Eve: Success (though certainly not in my book)!

      At 42:36 we learn why Anderson (and presumably his cohorts), even if they truly possessed their
      claimed abilities, would still choose to play such games rather than spend the hour providing a
      treasure trove of information about the great beyond to their grieving, paying (through the nose)
      clients: "To me, it would be boring as hell if you walked into the room and he said, 'Hi. I'm her son.
      My name is [Adam]. I died in a car accident.' Everything would just be an assembly-line bore. This
      makes it very challenging . . . and exciting to work it out."

      And, as if he were being paid by the hour like Anderson, at 51:52 Adam decides to "pull back" and
      depart the premises, having imparted not one iota of information about the afterlife to his beloved
      mom, aside from Anderson's platitudes that he is alright and at peace. But he was thoughtful enough
      to provide Anderson with some time for a coffee or bathroom break before the next assembly-line
      client's arrival at the top of the hour.

      There was, however, one sliver of a silver lining in this mephitic affair: Eve, though $1,200 lighter in
      the pocketbook, is now much richer of mind. She has become a skeptic.


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:43:16]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 1

      A version of this article also later appeared here on the cover of the June 2010 issue of Skeptical Briefs, the
      companion newsletter to Skeptical Inquirer magazine.


                                             Noreen Renier denies allegations
                                               in lawsuit; files countersuit
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      "Psychic detective" Noreen Renier, a Florida fixture for nearly two decades before moving back to
      Virginia in 2004, has filed a countersuit against long-time nemesis John Merrell, accusing him of the
      very infraction over which he sued her last year.

      As reported in our Spring issue, Renier (along with her co-author, editor and publisher) was sued by
      Merrell last December over her 2005 book, A Mind For Murder, which contains two chapters
      concerning their prior litigious history. Merrell alleges that the content of those chapters constitutes a
      breach of their March 1992 settlement agreement prohibiting either party from ever again publicly
      disparaging the other, including via "media of any type."

      Renier's response and countersuit, filed on March 28, denies Merrell's allegation and asserts that his
      case is "frivolous" and that he is the one who first breached their 1992 settlement. Specifically,
      "Merrell breached the agreement with Ms. Renier prior to the publication of 'A Mind for Murder' by
      providing false and defamatory information about Ms. Renier for the 1994 book 'Psychic Sleuths:
      ESP and Sensational Cases.' . . . Merrell's claim is barred by the doctrine of unclean hands." Psychic
      Sleuths contains my 26-page chapter about Renier's career, including her rancorous dealings with
      Merrell.

      Although Renier has read my book review of A Mind for Murder, as published in our Summer 2005
      issue and on my website, apparently she does not believe the following passage from it: "Ever since
      their 1992 out-of-court settlement . . . I have been hard-pressed to squeeze anything more about
      Renier out of John, even though we are good friends. I have inferred that their settlement forbids
      either from speaking ill about the other again."

      From Renier's countersuit:

              Renier complied with the [settlement] Agreement. . . . Merrell intentionally, and with the
              improper motive of damaging Ms. Renier's career, interfered with [Renier's] contractual
              relationship [with her publisher] by falsely accusing Ms. Renier of breaching the
              Agreement and by demanding that the publisher cease distribution of "A Mind for
              Murder." Because of Merrell's actions, Penguin Books and Berkley Publishing ceased
              printing and distributing [the book]. As a direct and proximate result of Merrell's improper
              actions, Ms. Renier has suffered and will continue to suffer damages in an amount to be
              proven at trial.

      Her countersuit adds that Renier "is unable to obtain adequate supplies of the book for customers,

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:43:16]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 1

      booksellers and lectures." It also asserts that Merrell has "contacted other persons and entities in the
      book industry and provided false information about Ms. Renier to those persons. Because of Merrell's
      actions, Ms. Renier has lost multiple business opportunities."

      As mentioned in our Spring report, Merrell began the discovery phase of his lawsuit by issuing a
      series of interrogatories/questions on February 3, with Renier's responses due in 30 days. Renier did
      not supply answers to the questions, and instead filed her response and counterclaims with the U.S.
      District Court in Seattle, rather than with the Superior Court of Washington for Snohomish County
      (the forum in which Merrell filed his suit and interrogatories). She also has filed a formal brief
      arguing that their litigation should take place in federal rather than county court.

      Merrell, who for strategic reasons prefers to have the case litigated in county court, has cited the
      provision in their 1992 settlement agreement specifying that the "venue to seek such enforcement will
      reside in the United States and in the county of residence of the non-breaching party." Renier in turn
      argues that "the Agreement's forum clause is no model of clarity" and that "in the United States"
      could be interpreted to mean in federal court. And, again, she contends that she -- not Merrell -- is the
      "non-breaching party."

      An April 13 letter from Renier's attorney to Merrell's complains about "more improper actions taken
      by your client. . . . He has launched a website that appears dedicated solely to the lawsuit, in which he
      attacks Ms. Renier. In addition, he has posted messages on Court TV's website again attacking Ms.
      Renier." Renier has been interviewed on Court TV's website and has been featured in numerous
      episodes of its pro-paranormal Psychic Detectives television series. The letter goes on to request that
      Merrell "cease these actions immediately."

      But Merrell has expanded his website and has filed papers denying Renier's counterclaims. We will
      follow this story as it continues to unfold. [Note: Merrell's website was revamped in early 2010, and much
      material removed, in conjunction with an apparent cease-fire with Noreen Renier.]


                                         "Psychic Detectives" and the Media
                                                                By Jack Robinson

      Many years ago, shortly after I became a member of Tampa Bay Skeptics, Gary Posner played for us
      a videotape showing part of a local Ch. 13 newscast in which a "psychic detective" was credited with
      having located the body of a man in Williston, Florida, who had been missing for more than a year.
      According to the news report, Noreen Renier -- by handling some of the missing man's possessions --
      divined that the body was in a particular water-filled quarry. It then showed the man's truck being
      pulled from the water with his body still in it. And a Navy diver who had found the truck testified
      that, though he was previously skeptical, he now believed in psychic detectives.

      I have been teaching a course this spring on "Science and Pseudoscience" for the Learning in
      Retirement program at the University of South Florida in Tampa. With Gary's active participation,
      one of the lessons I put together was about "psychic detectives." We started by showing the students

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:43:16]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 1

      that same Ch. 13 news report. We then involved the students in a "psychic detective" game by
      instructing them to do the following:

              Pretend you are an investigative reporter, and your editor assigns you to find out whether
              or not the TV story about the psychic detective was the truth, the whole truth, and nothing
              but the truth. List the different kinds of information you should seek as a basis for your
              investigative report. Then list the possible sources of such information.

      But before we could even formally begin the game, the students started bombarding us with
      questions: Could we learn more about the missing man from his neighbors? Was he ill and depressed?
      Might he have committed suicide? Could we obtain maps of the area showing the quarry -- or more
      than one quarry?

      These questions, and more, well represented what Gary actually had done following the broadcast in
      question. He even jokingly accused them of cheating -- I suppose he suspected they had used
      "psychic" power to figure out what he would be presenting.

      Gary then did his PowerPoint "show and tell" presentation revealing what he had learned by
      investigating the case thoroughly. It turned out that the missing man had indeed told a friend about
      being sick and contemplating suicide -- and Gary had obtained the police report indicating that they
      knew about this months before calling in the psychic! Also, the body was not found in the quarry that
      the psychic's clues seemed to best fit, but a different one. These were just a few of the revealing
      things that the TV newscaster could have discovered had he done more to prepare for his report.

      Earlier in the spring, Gary and I made a similar presentation to Dr. Cheryl Koski's class of literary
      journalism students at USF / St. Pete. Afterwards, the consensus seemed to be that such local TV
      "news" reports can't really be expected to provide viewers with hard journalism -- rather, that they are
      really just entertainment.


                                                                     Snippets


      The curator of paleontology at the Hunterian Museum in Glasgow has proposed, in the Open
      University Geological Society journal, that perhaps Scotland's Nessie the Monster was really just
      Bessie the Elephant. He noted the striking similarities between Nessie's descriptions and the


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:43:16]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 1

      appearance of an elephant swimming (see the "dark" portion of the elephant above the water line).
      Plus, he notes, a traveling circus, packing pachyderms, passed by murky Loch Ness in the 1930s at
      the height of the monster sightings.

      (BBC News online, Mar. 6; St. Pete. Times, Mar. 8)


      Florida "psychic" Linda Marks has received four years in prison and three years of probation, and was
      ordered to pay $2-million, for the scamming of elderly victims out of more than $2-million between
      1994 and 2002. Delray Beach police detective Jack Makler, who pleaded guilty for his supporting
      role in the operation, was sentenced to five years in prison and three years supervised release.

      (Daytona Beach News-Journal online, May 11)


                                                          Letter to the Editor
      Editor: During the first week of April my wife and I began noticing scattered tiny blinking lights
      drifting around our 17-acre property. As soon as it gets dark the strange lights would appear. They
      terrified us because we had never seen such a thing before. We were even afraid to use our new
      outdoor hot tub. We thought of everything they could possibly be, from marsh gas to bugs to UFOs,
      even ghosts. Looking on the Web for help, we found Tampa Bay Skeptics and contacted Gary
      Posner.

      Dr. Posner visited our house the very same day we called. His approach was level-headed, factual and
      skeptical. As soon as it got dark the floating lights started to come out, and he observed them and
      immediately mentioned that they could be lightning bugs, though he agreed that their light seemed
      awfully bright and white. My wife and I had previously discounted the bug theory because we could
      not see an actual bug when we shone a spotlight on it, but our reasoning had become distorted. Dr.
      Posner, with a fresh, untainted attitude, eventually led us to literally surround one of the lights that
      approached us, and we discovered that it was indeed a lightning bug, not a ghost or alien!

      My wife and I were greatly relieved and grateful for Dr. Posner's scientific approach to problem-
      solving. This whole episode is typical of people who start to obsess over things and let their minds
      run wild with crazy thoughts. Our brains are powerful organs that many times deceive us and lead us
      in the wrong direction, and we fell victim to this as well. I learned a lot from this adventure about why
      being skeptical is the best approach, and I want to thank Dr. Posner again very much for his
      evaluation and attention to this matter.

      --Tony Fanto
        Palmetto
        tonyf@weisersecurity.com


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:43:16]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 19 - No. 1


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                        © 2006 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v19n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:43:16]
