{"created_utc": "2026-09-27T10:08:20Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 118493, "source_ctime_ns": 1790295957621856615, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-13-no-2---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790295957618328504, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-13-no-2---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "bca81be8803a1ced008775c58ffb0c2082c8722332b665c43d162bf7353855c6"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 13 - No. 2


                                                            Selected articles from
                                                          VOL. 13 NO. 2 FALL 2000


                                               International documentary
                                               to spotlight Noreen Renier
                                                               by Gary P. Posner

      A British television production company is in the early stages of planning a one-hour documentary on
      Noreen Renier, the "psychic detective" based in Williston, Florida. The program, one in a four-part
      series examining paranormal themes, is tentatively planned for airing around the world in late 2001.

      Renier is well known to regular readers of TBS Report, which has been chronicling her career for
      more than a decade. Having lived for many years in Orlando, Renier moved to the tiny town of
      Williston (near Gainesville) shortly after receiving acclaim, and national media attention, for her role
      in assisting the Williston police in locating the body of a man missing for two years. Our investigation
      of that case (and others) failed to find compelling evidence of any uncanny "psychic" ability at work.

      The series is being produced by Oxford Television Company of London, England, in association with
      Britain's Channel Four and Home Box Office (HBO). Several years ago, Renier had been an invited
      participant at "The 2nd International Seminar on Advancing The Scientific Investigation of Crimes"
      in Durham, England.

      Olly Lambert, one of the directors at Oxford Television, made a brief trip to the U.S. in July to meet
      Renier. While in Florida, Lambert contacted me to briefly discuss my views about her "psychic"
      abilities, having come across some of my writings on the Internet during the course of his research.
      Before returning to England, he planned to also visit with some of Renier's most impressive
      supporters, including:

              The Williston Police Department


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v13n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:58]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 13 - No. 2

              Dr. David E. Jones, University of Central Florida anthropologist and author of Visions of Time:
              Experiments in Psychic Archeology, in which he concludes that Renier is among those whose
              "psychic [ability] can help the archeologist, and all historical sciences and disciplines, to
              recapture in great detail human events heretofore lost and frozen in time" (see Footnote #2 in
              my chapter on Renier from Psychic Sleuths, accessible here or here)

              Det. Ray Krolak (Albany, NY), who has publicly credited Renier (including on Geraldo and 48
              Hours) with helping him solve a homicide case

      During our conversation, Lambert related to me that Williston Police Chief Olin Slaughter had
      indicated to him that my reporting on the Williston case contained a number of false statements on
      my part. In response, after assuring Lambert that I am not aware of a single factual inaccuracy in my
      reporting -- much less any deliberate falsehoods -- I asked him to convey to Chief Slaughter, and
      Renier, the following commitments: For each and every falsehood that they can identify (to Lambert's
      satisfaction) in any of my writings about Renier (not restricted to the Williston case), I shall promptly
      donate $50 to the Williston Police Department, up to a maximum of $1,000. Further, even if any
      innocent errors of fact are identified (to Lambert's satisfaction) that warrant such, I shall promptly
      issue a public apology.

      I hope that, when the Oxford Television crew comes to the U.S. to film Renier et al., I will be
      permitted a few moments of air time as well. And I am equally hopeful that, should such be the case, I
      will not need to issue that public apology. They tell me that crow definitely does not taste like
      chicken!


                                            Trying to trace the truth of a
                                            "psychic detective"-like claim
                                                               by Gary P. Posner

      James Moseley, editor of Saucer Smear, called me one evening in late July to touch base. He
      mentioned an article that he had seen a day or two before in the Miami Herald, about a missing
      Florida boy's body being found as a result of a tip from a woman who saw the body's whereabouts in
      a "dream." Jim had already tossed the paper, but Miami TBS member Bill Cooley soon mailed me the
      clipping.

      Titled "Teen faces murder trial as adult after premonition reveals body," the July 24 article, written by
      Herald reporter Lesley Clark, begins:

              Twelve-year-old Jerry Lee Alley had been missing for three days when a woman who
              spotted his picture on a missing-person's flier claimed she had a dream.

              Dawn Marie Bachman . . . said that in her dream she saw [him] sitting in an abandoned
              septic tank on a vacant [lot] she recognized as one that neighborhood kids had claimed as a


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v13n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:58]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 13 - No. 2

              fort.

              . . . Disturbed, she drove out to the vacant lot and asked a nearby volunteer firefighter
              whether search teams . . . had checked the tank. They hadn't.

              Firefighter Chris Pellicer pulled back [the] top of the tank and peered inside. There was
              Jerry's body . . .

      The events had taken place during the last week of June in the tiny town of Interlachen, about 30
      miles east of Gainesville. I therefore decided to check the Gainesville Sun 's website, to see how they
      had covered the story at the time. The first relevant item I found was George Hutchens' article of May
      31, which reported:

              After a weekend-long search in Interlachen that included search dogs, radar-equipped
              helicopters and more than 100 volunteers . . . Jerry's body was discovered at dusk Monday
              by volunteer firefighter Thomas Pellicer.

              Residents had called authorities about an abandoned car . . . thinking it might be related to
              the [case].

              Pellicer and another volunteer found the car in a wooded lot [and] immediately picked up a
              strong odor. . . . The smell led Pellicer to the . . . septic tank, half-hidden beyond an
              overgrown pile of dirt and a trashed orange sofa.

      Hutchens' June 17 follow-up article reiterated, "Firefighters went to check on the car and smelled an
      odor. They removed an industrial pallet covering an open section of a septic tank and found Alley's
      body."

      But more than a month later (July 19), fellow Sun staff writer Lise Fisher reported the following:

              On May 28, an officer . . . had walked through the same vacant lot with his dog. . . . He
              spotted a concrete slab and smelled an odor [but didn't see any] opening.

              The next day, however, Interlachen resident Dawn Marie Bachman reported a dream she
              had in which she saw Alley sitting in a septic tank on the same piece of property her
              brother-in-law once considered buying. At that time, Bachman explained, her husband
              [had seen] children playing in a septic tank under the slab.

              The dream bothered Bachman so much that she decided to go to the lot, reports show.
              When she got there, she found volunteer firefighters checking an abandoned car. One of
              the firefighters, Chris Pellicer, went with her to the slab. . . . Looking inside, they found
              the boy . . .

      Regarding the term "reports show," Fisher told me, "[My] information . . . is taken from officers'
      reports that they provided to the State Attorney's Office." Fisher had no first-hand information about a
      "dream" having been instrumental in locating the body. And Hutchens had no such information at all,
      telling me, "I interviewed Pellicer personally. . . . I don't recall anything psychic or supernatural at all
      leading to Alley's body. . . . [He] smelled the decomposing body [while] checking out the car."

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v13n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:58]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 13 - No. 2


      The Herald reporter also had gotten much of her information from that same official report, which
      refers to Pellicer as "Chris" (his middle name is "Christopher"). Although Bachman "declined to be
      interviewed" by Clark, she did tell Clark, "I believe God gave me these gifts. . . . God placed me in
      the situation. It's not like I'm psychic."

      But it's exactly like she's psychic -- thus my interest in the case. Hutchens was unable to find a phone
      number for either Pellicer or his firehouse. But he did give me a number from the phone book for
      Walt Whitehouse, the other volunteer fireman alluded to in his original article.

      When I called Whitehouse, he said that he had not read the news stories, and, for legal reasons, was
      reluctant to discuss the case. But when I informed him of the two varying press accounts as to what
      prompted Pellicer and him to walk from the abandoned car to the septic tank ("odor" vs. "dream"), he
      told me that neither version was correct. Although he refused to elaborate, he did say "I don't know
      anything about that" when I related to him the "dream/premonition" scenario.

      Whitehouse agreed to give my number to "Tom" Pellicer, who would call me back "if he wants to"
      (he never did). And my effort to contact Dawn Bachman (by calling the one "Bachman" telephone
      listing for Interlachen) resulted in only a "no longer in service" recording.

      But I'm not the only one having trouble getting simple answers to what seem to be simple questions.
      In his July 26 Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville) article ("'I'm not a psychic' says woman whose
      dream led to slain boy"), Mark Reynolds relates that, "The records are unclear about exactly when
      Bachman had the dream. Some parts say it was early Sunday morning, while other sections clearly
      indicate it occurred the same day Alley's body was discovered [the body was found Monday evening].
      Neither Bachman nor Putnam County prosecutor Gary Wood agreed to an interview that would
      clarify the issue."

      The "official" report also includes the transcript of a "911" call placed by Bachman just when the
      report says the body was found. Excerpts from her side of the call:

              I had a dream. . . . We found that dead little boy in Interlachen. He's on Carr Street. Please
              get the officer or somebody out here. . . . We found, we found the bike and his dead body.
              [She starts sobbing. The operator tells her to "stop screaming and talk to me."] I'm talking
              to the fire department. [She then she gives direction to the site, and the operator asks her
              how she came across the body.] I had a, oh, a dream about it.

              [Then the firefighter comes on the line.] I'm with Station 17. . . . We're here . . . on an
              abandoned lot, it's got a septic tank. . . . [The dispatcher asks whether he's been in the
              tank.] Yes ma'am, I, just, just enough to open it up, off, I got a smell.

      Even if true, the "dream" story doesn't sound particularly suggestive of a psychic-type event. The
      woman was familiar with the piece of property and its abandoned septic tank, which she knew was
      used by children as a playhouse. Having a dream of the sort reported would seem perfectly
      understandable in natural terms.

      So why all the apparent secrecy? The "gut" feeling that I got from Whitehouse was that the real tip


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v13n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:58]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 13 - No. 2

      may have been based upon comments overheard spoken by the alleged 15-year-old perpetrator, about
      whom, for legal reasons, Whitehouse did not feel at liberty to converse, even peripherally.

      At this point, we are left with multiple newspaper headlines indicating that a "dream/premonition" led
      to the body's discovery, and an official report from the State Attorney's office confirming this account
      (although containing some conflicting dates). Yet, I can find no first-hand confirmation of that
      version of events from either of the two firefighters involved: Pellicer seemed to know nothing of it
      when interviewed by Hutchens, nor did Whitehouse when speaking with me. If I find out more, you'll
      read it here.


                                             Exploring science on WMNF
                                                      by Judith Becker Bryant, Ph.D.

      Given the dearth of intelligent reporting about science, readers may be interested in learning about the
      radio program Explorations, which is broadcast locally on WMNF-FM (88.5) on Tuesdays at 11
      a.m., and via the internet at www.kpfa.org on Tuesdays at 2 p.m. and www.wbaifree.org on
      Wednesdays at 7 p.m.

      This hour-long program covers the world of science, war and peace, and the environment. The first
      half is devoted to commentary and interviews with top scientists and environmentalists; the second
      includes phone calls from listeners. Issues covered range from black holes to nuclear waste disposal,
      to the human genome project, to science and the movies.

      The host of this lively program is Dr. Michio Kaku. According to the show's website, Dr. Kaku, an
      internationally recognized authority on theoretical physics as well as the environ-ment, is co-founder
      of string field theory and author of the first paper on conformal supergravity and the breakdown of
      supersymmetry at high temperatures.

      Kaku, who holds the Henry Semat Professorship in Theoretical Physics at the City College and the
      Graduate Center of the City University of New York, says his ultimate goal is to help complete
      Einstein's dream of a "theory of everything" -- a single equation (perhaps no more than an inch long)
      unifying all the fundamental forces in the universe. His numerous articles and books include Visions:
      How Science Will Revolutionize the 21st Century (1997) and Strings, Conformal Fields, and M-
      Theory (1999).


                                                                     Snippets


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v13n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:58]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 13 - No. 2


      Concerned about the proliferation of fortune-telling businesses in the past several years, John Wood,
      chief investigator with the Pinellas County Consumer Affairs office, is pushing to require licensing of
      psychics, astrologers, and the like. In addition to paying a $100 annual fee, applicants would undergo
      a criminal background check. Says Wood, "Victims of [fortune tellers] are desperate. They've tried
      everything else. . . . They see a sign 'Problems Solved' [and] get a cold reading . . . based on trust, and
      there's a potential for misuse of that trust."

      (St. Pete. Times, July 25)


      "Psychic medium" John Edward will relay messages to you from your deceased loved ones -- for a
      mere $250. And he now has his own five-days-a-week TV show, Crossing Over, on the Sci-Fi
      Channel. As expressed so eloquently by television columnist Walt Belcher:

              His style is to find willing subjects and then grill them with rapid-fire questions. . . . "Is
              there a Joey or a Johnny?" he asks. No, but the son's name is Jay. "I just see a 'J' and 'Y'.
              . . . Shifting subjects, Edward says he is being told to ask about twins. The woman says her
              sister-in-law is pregnant and wants twins. And so it goes. If the message . . . doesn't ring
              any bells, he quickly moves on. . . . You would think they'd give him a complete name
              instead of just a couple of letters. . . . [It's] distressing to see people so desperate . . . that
              they would be willing to pay [for this].

      (Tampa Tribune, July 10)


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v13n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:58]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 13 - No. 2


                                                         TBS in the Media
      Gary Posner will appear on ABC-TV's upcoming 20/20 report on intercessary prayer. He was also
      phoned by another 20/20 producer for background information about "psychic detectives." And he
      was interviewed by phone for background information for a possible article on "psychic detectives" in
      Brill's Content magazine.

      A new series on PAX-TV, Encounters With the Unknown, had its debut on August 25. Posner is
      slated to appear in the episodes on the Power of Prayer, Heaven and Near-Death Experiences, and
      End-Times Prophesies, and was also asked a few "bonus" questions about the Shroud of Turin
      (although his answers might not be used in that show).

      Posner will also have a major article on Richard Hoagland (of "Face on Mars" fame) in the Nov./Dec.
      Skeptical Inquirer, which will contain much information first reported in several 1990-91 issues of
      TBS Report.


                                                      Letters to the Editor
      Editor: Your "$1,000 Challenge" test of Bill Pierce was totally loaded. Even when he beat the odds
      and did very very well, you attempted to explain it all away. What you don't understand is that Bill is
      a good-natured guy and simply agreed to the test in a good-natured way. I would say he deserved a
      fair shake when it came to evaluating his super-good 15 out of 23 results. But then, that wouldn't fit
      into your narrow view of things, would it? I congratulate Bill on his success in beating this test and
      proving that he is a very accurate picture dowser. He scored very highly despite your attempt to
      belittle his success.

      --Jim Peterson
        jim.a.peterson@ci.sj.ca.us


      Editor: I would consider it a successful treasure venture if I recovered a single million-dollar treasure
      from digging 25 holes. Bill far exceeded that number of locations. Would you be willing to put your
      money where your mouth is and chance betting against Bill's dowsing ability? Let's say Bill would
      give the skeptics a gold coin for every one that he missed, and the skeptics would give Bill a gold
      coin for each one he got correct. On that basis, the skeptics would have clearly lost a bundle in this
      round. If the rounds continued, my bet would be that the odds would favor Bill's dowsing ability and
      the skeptics would be the money losers.

      --Dell Winders
        Omnitron@gate.net


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v13n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:58]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 13 - No. 2


      Editor's reply to the above two letters:

      Neither of the preceding two critics appears to have a grasp of the math/probabilities involved in our
      test of Bill, who had only thanks for our interest in testing him. However, we would accept Dell's
      proposition, with the following changes: We would provide at least 10 Polaroids to Bill (beyond 10,
      we would be willing to supply as many as he wants). Each would contain 10 plates, only one of which
      would be hiding a gold coin. For each Polaroid in which he correctly identifies the location of the
      coin, we would pay him $100 (or whatever amount he agrees to). For each Polaroid in which he
      misses the location of the coin, he would pay us half that amount. However, even in the unlikely
      event that Bill were to "win" more money from us than we from him, this test would not be rigorous
      enough (in terms of probabilities) for Tampa Bay Skeptics to sanction it as a scientific test of
      paranormal powers. It would simply constitute a "bet" which Bill would be entitled to say he "won."


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                                         © 2000 by Tampa Bay Skeptics


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v13n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:45:58]
