{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T19:15:53Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 76622, "source_ctime_ns": 1788544378991123133, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-24-no-4---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788544378988326749, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-24-no-4---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "f8268af8f7baec667624b5790ae97b9a6ca6e3700340d12af8663aed6303f095"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 24 - No. 4


                                                            Selected articles from
                                                         VOL. 24 NO. 4 SPRING 2012


                                                       Noreen Renier Update
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      When last we convened on the subject of Noreen Renier, our famed former Floridian with forensic
      foreknowledge (via "psychic" power) had filed an appeal with the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals in
      hopes of being awarded $30,000 from her arch-rival, John Merrell.

      We noted in our Fall 2011 coverage that two prior courts had ruled against Renier in this quest. But
      the appeals court, after fielding written briefs from both parties, has scheduled oral arguments for
      March 21.

      In the meantime, Renier has been quite busy on a promotional
      book tour, including an appearance at the University of
      Arkansas' Clinton School of Public Service on February 9. The
      video of that 45-minute lecture, largely her standard, and very
      entertaining, stump speech, in which she recounts her
      "psychic" career from novice to newsmaking, can be viewed
      here.

      One of the highlights, as always, is her version of the FBI-
      related "missing airplane" case (discussed extensively in our
      Spring 2010 issue and in my Psychic Sleuths chapter about Renier. Though one assumes that she must
      know that much of her storytelling is contrary to fact, she continues to claim that the plane finally was
      found in the snowy woods by locals looking where the search planes, directed to coordinates provided
      by Renier, had been circling overhead the day before. In reality, the father-daughter duo who
      discovered the wreckage knew nothing of any search planes, and had embarked in a direction based
      upon news accounts quoting witnesses who had heard the crash days earlier.


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v24n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:40]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 24 - No. 4

      Renier also, as always, claims to have accurately psychically seen "the two men in the front seat [of
      the wrecked plane], their necks broken." The front passenger seat had actually been occupied by a
      woman, whose severed head was found on the wing. Further (as always):

              And then, as I'm looking, someone is picking up something, walking several feet, and
              placing it under a tree. When they found the airplane . . . there was a headless woman
              sitting under a tree like someone had carried her there.

      In actuality, the woman's torso was still in her seat, and the medical examiner determined that all four
      passengers had "died immediately" upon impact.

      A bit later, while telling an enchanting story about a black family's home being haunted by a
      poltergeist, Renier says that a police detective observed items inexplicably flying across a room, and
      that when he picked up the telephone, the spirit voice said to him, "You're too stupid to solve this
      crime. Get your white ass out of this house!" Even granting the possibility of poltergeists, it seems
      infinitely more likely that such words would emanate from the mouth of a mischievous human.

      During the Q&A session following her address at the Clinton School, the final question from the
      audience was, "Do you see [in the next few years] the scientific community embracing the psychic
      community and working together publicly more, and having it be more accepted?" Renier's
      rodentially remarkable response:

              That would be on my wish list . . . but scientists . . . stay in a very safe zone, unfortunately.
              They used to call me up . . . to heal a rat. I don't want to heal a rat! There's no way you're
              going to get my energy wanting to heal that animal! Give me a real person! They've done
              some of that. It's slow; it's baby steps. We'll get there, but I don't think it's anytime soon,
              unfortunately.

      Renier's rat-healing recollection is almost certainly a confabulation of a case discussed (with
      accompanying photos) in my Psychic Sleuths chapter, in which, while holding a bone allegedly sent
      to her by the police (to divine the identity of a decomposed body), Renier's initial "psychic" vision
      was of a rat rather than the person whose hand the bone had come from. Given the credibility
      concerns regarding such "psychic" anecdotes, it's no wonder that acceptance comes in "baby steps."


                                         Randi Documentary Slated for 2013
      A documentary on the life of James Randi is currently in production and is expected to be completed
      sometime next year. Titled An Honest Liar, the film, according to its Website, "profiles the life of
      famed magician turned professional skeptic James "The Amazing" Randi as he embarks on a series of
      public crusades to expose the world's beloved psychics, mentalists, preachers, and faith healers with
      religious fervor. Along the way, the film will show how easily our perceptions can be fooled -- by
      magicians, con artists, and even documentaries."

      More information about the project, as well as a viewable six-minute trailer, is available on the
      Website, which also announces that donations to help finance the film would be gratefully accepted.

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v24n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:40]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 24 - No. 4


                                                                     Snippets


      For more than half a century, a mummified finger has made the Royal College of Surgeons Museum
      in London its home. Thought to be that of the legendary Yeti, an American explorer snatched the
      finger from a Nepalese monastery and then, I kid you not, "smuggled [it] out of India with the help of
      Hollywood actor James Stewart, who hid the artefact [sic] in his wife's lingerie case" (how
      abominable!). A BBC documentary team was permitted to obtain a DNA sample from the appendage,
      which only recently was rediscovered during cataloging, and had it tested by experts at the Edinburgh
      Zoo. Alas, according to Dr. Rob Ogden of the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland, the DNA was
      determined to be entirely "human" (how non-Abominable!).

      (BBC News online, December 27)


      Now for a primer on how to get terminated from your job as a 24-year police-force veteran. First,
      obtain some birdseed, which can, through its magical powers, be useful in casting a Santeria spell
      over your nemesis. Next, recruit a janitor to sprinkle said seed in the office of your nemesis, in this
      case, the North Miami Beach city manager. Step 3, have the janitor instead spill the seeds, er, beans,
      to the city manager. Then have the city manager accuse you of conduct unbecoming an officer. This
      strategy worked perfectly for Officer Edith Torres, who had been incensed by City Manager Lyndon
      Bonner's plan to eliminate some police jobs, and by these means guaranteed that hers would be one of
      those eliminated.

      (Miami Herald, online, December 5)


      Return to TBS Report Online


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v24n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:40]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 24 - No. 4


                                    © 2012 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry–Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v24n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:40]
