{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T06:37:01Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 55184, "source_ctime_ns": 1790298080784783583, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-18-no-4---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790298080782706881, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-18-no-4---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "550000fe310e7515980b63cbbb4cc631ed528ae34342d0a3fa540be44284225b"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 18 - No. 4


                                                            Selected articles from
                                                         VOL. 18 NO. 4 SPRING 2006


                                         Noreen Renier, co-author, publisher
                                            sued over A Mind for Murder
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      Our Summer 2005 issue featured my review of A Mind for Murder, the lively memoir of former-
      Floridian "psychic detective" Noreen Renier. In my paragraph commenting upon the book's two
      chapters about her prior litigation with skeptic John Merrell, I noted, "I [had previously] inferred that
      their settlement forbids either of speaking ill of the other again. If so, I sense that someone may have
      violated those terms -- big-time."

      Indeed. On December 13, in the Superior Court of Washington (State) for Snohomish County,
      Merrell filed suit against Renier, co-author Naomi Lucks, editor/agent Samantha Mandor, and
      Berkley Publishing (and its parent company Penguin Group). As alleged in the suit, "The defendants
      have knowingly breached . . . [Renier's 1992] settlement agreement [with Merrell]. This breach has
      damaged [Merrell] in both reputation and mental distress."

      Though their March 6, 1992, settlement had been sealed to keep its terms confidential, now that it has
      been breached, public court filings in this lawsuit include a copy of that agreement. It reveals that
      Renier, who in 1986 had won a $25,000 libel judgment against Merrell (which was sustained in a
      1989 bankruptcy proceeding) but had never collected, would receive the sum of $23,800, and both
      parties would end all mutual interaction "directly or indirectly . . . which attempts in any way to
      diminish and/or disparage the other's reputation . . . including but not limited to contacts with . . . any
      news organization or media of any type."

      Merrell's lawsuit references pages 195-219 of A Mind for Murder, contending:

              Among other things, the 24-page detailing of the 1986 libel trial in Oregon accuses the
              plaintiff of lying under oath during the trial. To wit: ". . . It was hell to sit there and listen

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v18n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:23]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 18 - No. 4

              to Merrell lie about me to a judge and jury. . . . The hard part was sitting there listening to
              Merrell lie about me. . . . My stomach hurt when I had to listen to the kinds of lies Merrell
              had told about me, and the way he had twisted the facts to his own purposes. . . . Merrell
              was trying to destroy my career and psychic reputation -- my life -- with his lies."

      In an exclusive February 3 interview with TBS Report, Merrell said that his attorney first notified the
      defendants in October 2005 that the book "breaches the settlement agreement in a number of ways"
      and that, specifically, its depiction of the Oregon trial constituted a "clear violation" of the agreement
      not to diminish and/or disparage Merrell's reputation. The letter also demanded that Berkley cease
      publication of the book. When no response was received after two months from any of the parties,
      Merrell filed his suit, which requested that the defendants be enjoined from selling any further copies
      of A Mind for Murder and be required to turn over all profits thus far from its sale, as well as all
      future profits. Additionally, the suit requested a judgment for damages and coverage of his attorney's
      fees.

      Merrell further informed TBS Report that given the "unknown agreement structures between the
      multiple defendants," he began a discovery phase by mailing an initial series of
      interrogatories/questions to the defendants on February 3, with responses due in 30 days. These
      included a request for sales and profit figures as well as all documents that "control, [establish], or in
      any way regulate" all/any of the parties involved in the book's publication.

      The recent Oprah-related scandal over James Frey's A Million Little Pieces, regarding a publisher's
      dereliction of duty by not fact-checking seemingly far-fetched claims in a non-fiction memoir, has not
      gone unnoticed by Merrell, who initiated his lawsuit before that uproar. Merrell cited the February 8
      issue of Newsweek, which states that one of Frey's editors left Doubleday in 2003 "taking the author
      with him to Penguin's Riverhead." The Penguin Group is a defendant in Merrell's lawsuit.

      With regard to the 1986 trial that resulted in Renier's original libel judgment against Merrell, about
      which I have previously written extensively in these pages (Winter 1989-90) as well as in my chapter
      in Psychic Sleuths (Prometheus Books, 1994), Merrell had charged in his 1989 bankruptcy litigation
      that the $25,000 verdict against him, which he wanted vacated, had been "based in part on fraud,
      misrepresentation and other misconduct. . . . Renier used a false name and tricked [Merrell] into
      investigating her claims of psychic ability." Specifically, Renier had pretended to be her own sister-
      in-law "Nancy Uzdavinis" and, in a letter to Merrell, had requested information about Noreen Renier
      (i.e., herself), saying, "I'm confused about her abilities and need to know if she is real or not. She's
      planning a workshop in July and I need to make a decision." Merrell thus tried to assist "Uzdavinis"
      by finding out what he could about Renier, and was sued for disseminating his findings.

      Additionally, as I reported in Psychic Sleuths, during the 1986 trial the jury was moved to tears, and
      seemingly (to Merrell) convinced of Renier's "psychic" ability, by a woman's testimony about Renier
      having helped locate a missing airplane containing the body of the woman's brother, and how
      (according to testimony) the brother had heroically carried his female companion from the wreckage
      before dying of his injuries.

      Renier's testimony included the statement that she had told Merrell, "I was instrumental in helping to
      find an airplane that had crashed in Massachusetts." She retold the story in A Mind for Murder, but it
      is not credible for at least two reasons: the female passenger had been "psychically" envisioned by

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v18n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:23]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 18 - No. 4

      Renier as "headless" and thus already dead, and the National Transportation Safety Board determined
      that all occupants, including the young man, had "died immediately" upon impact. The jury had been
      made aware of these facts, but nonetheless seemed to believe the psychic vision, perhaps in part
      because the woman testifying was the ex-wife of an FBI agent who also testified in Renier's favor.

      During our interview, Merrell stated:

              I testified that during my phone conversation with Renier, she had placed the plane crash
              in three different states. What I didn't make clear was that Renier told me a woman aboard
              the plane was alive and was carried out of the plane by her fiancé before both died. Yet the
              local newspapers reported that the crash and explosion had been heard by witnesses and
              the plane was ultimately located by volunteers independent of Noreen Renier. . . . A
              Million Little Pieces is not unique in its avoidance of fact-checking, nor in its opportunity
              to sell readers a book with page after page of embellishments and distortions.

      Update: During a February 23 hearing on a motion for dismissal, after Penguin told the court that it
      had ceased publication of the book, the judge did dismiss all defendants other than Renier, "without
      prejudice," meaning that Merrell can still sue them for something other than breach of settlement,
      such as libel, should he so decide. The breach case against Renier continues.

      TBS Report will follow this case closely.


                                          TBS "$1,000 Challenge" candidate
                                           from Belarus makes predictions
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      As reported in our Winter 2004-05 issue, a correspondent from the still-repressed former Soviet
      republic of Belarus had contacted TBS, both in handwritten and e-mail messages, expressing a desire
      to be tested for the TBS $1,000 Challenge. He has identified himself as Igor N. Simchanko in his
      recent e-mails, though a copy of his passport that he mailed to us in 2004 lists his name as Ihar
      Simchanka.

      Despite the profound language barrier, Simchanko had initially agreed to predict one number between
      1 and 53 for an upcoming Florida Lotto drawing. And, should that number turn out to be one of the
      six winning numbers that night, he would continue to do this for seven drawings, which would be a
      feat with approximately a 1:1,000,000 probability of success by chance alone.

      However, as we reported, Simchanko then decided to stall: "I accept your requirements and
      circumstances. But I ask to wait with demonstration. . . . negotiations . . . with other sceptics. . . . You
      agree to accept demonstration in one year?"

      Slightly more than a year has since transpired, with several disjointed and irrelevant e-mails received


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v18n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:23]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 18 - No. 4

      in the interim. But on the morning of February 19 we received a specific prediction by e-mail, though
      not for "Lotto": "Let's try Florida Fantasy 5. In one day there will be a sphere number eleven. 11 will
      be on the twentieth of February. I begin. Observe of me. In the current nearest two months. Please."
      (Some grammar corrected.)

      Unlike Florida's Lotto drawings, which consist of six numbers from 1 to 53, Fantasy 5 involves five
      numbers from 1 to 36. So, the probability of correctly predicting one of the five numbers would be
      1/36 x 5 or 13.9%. To achieve a 1-in-a-million winning result, Simchanko would need to successfully
      make seven such predictions in a row.

      As it turns out, the five winning Fantasy 5 numbers on February 20 did include 11. Mr. Simchanko's
      next prediction, received by us on Feb. 25 for the Feb. 26 drawing, was twenty (20). However, the
      winning numbers on the night of Feb. 26 were 4-5-14-27-30. Therefore, having failed to accomplish
      seven correct predictions in a row, Mr. Simchanko was informed that he had lost the TBS "$1,000
      Challenge."


                                                                     Snippets


      Mystic Gems, a new store in The Villages (an adult golf-course community 55 miles northwest of
      Orlando), offers jewelry for much more than mere adornment. The shop's wares are arranged
      according to chakra colors and yoga traditions, and for good reason. Co-owner Margaret Morgan
      explains: "I am a graduate gemologist . . . and have always been interested in gems, their healing
      vibrations, and I love yoga. . . . The body has different energy centers, and they are also associated
      with the color, with the sound, with vibration and healing aspects of that, and so [the store] is an
      exploration of a whole other realm of consciousness. . . . [For example, these Navaratna gemstones]
      are associated with each planet, and when we are born there is a configuration of the planets. Some
      people are more affected by different aspects of the planets, and by wearing all of the planetary
      gemstones, then you are attracting positive influences from all of them. . . . I see Mystical Gems as
      sort of a resource center, educational, and I hope down the road we will be able to hook people up
      with people that can do tarot readings, psychic readings, and with astrologers."


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v18n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:23]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 18 - No. 4

      (The Villages Daily Sun online, Feb. 9)


      Not to be outdone, Tampa feng shui consultant Kathy Mann will go so far as to meet a ghost --
      bringing along treats such as uncooked rice, herbs and libations -- hoping to coax its unwanted
      presence from a client's home. But mostly her clients just need their homes' chi (energy) adjusted, for
      which she charges $300 to $600. The remedies generally involve rearranging furniture, eliminating
      clutter, adding plants and artwork, changing color schemes, and making sure the floorplans subscribe
      to feng shui principles. And the results are indisputable: Michelle Deemer had Mann feng shui her
      office eight years ago, and presto! "Within three weeks, I made the largest sale [we] had made in five
      years. Magic or not, something happened there, and it gave me confidence."

      (St. Petersburg Times, [North Tampa edition], Feb. 10)


      It turns out that Noreen Renier (see lead article above) had been called upon to assist in a high-profile
      Idaho kidnapping and murder investigation last summer. The case involved a break-in and fatal
      bludgeoning of McKenzie and Brenda Groene and their 13-year-old son Slade, and the kidnapping of
      their two younger children. Eight-year-old daughter Shasta was subsequently recognized at a Denny's
      restaurant with the assailant, Joseph Edward Duncan III, and was saved as Duncan was arrested. He
      had already killed her nine-year-old brother Dylan. The lead investigator on the case had interviewed
      Renier by phone on June 30 after mailing her some toys belonging to both children, from which she
      obtained "psychic" vibrations. He described Renier's reading as very general, though some of the
      information, he said, was similar to what was learned after Duncan's arrest. However, Shasta was
      rescued before Renier's information was acted upon.

      (A.P. via The Olympian (Washington) online, Dec. 6)


                                                          Letter to the Editor
      Editor: I hope you can help me. I saw John Monti on the TV show Psychic Detectives (see our Fall
      2005 lead story). I have looked on the web for an address on him. I didn't find anything, but I did
      come across yours. I see you know him. My daughter has been missing for 12 years. The detective
      here believes she was murdered. I just need to know what happened to her. I think about her every
      day. So I just want to see if a psychic could help solve this case.

      --[Name withheld]
        Petal, Mississippi

      Editor's note: In my reply, I expressed my sympathy for the mother's plight, and told her that I would
      have given her Monti's address or phone number if I had either. But I also told her that she is better

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v18n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:23]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 18 - No. 4

      off that I didn't, since research indicates that employing a so-called "psychic detective" is just an
      expensive and heartbreaking road to nowhere. I also enclosed a copy of our Fall 2005 newsletter
      containing my article on the Monti episode of Psychic Detectives.


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                        © 2006 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v18n4rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:23]
