{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T13:45:59Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 62152, "source_ctime_ns": 1788583924429983052, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-18-no-3---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788583924427178111, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-18-no-3---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "d6dbf02a7f026b817423220596ee9de95d9c11588e4c690ccb667b19734dd907"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 18 - No. 3


                                                           Selected articles from
                                                      VOL. 18 NO. 3 WINTER 2005-06


                                                  A TBS "$1,000 Challenge"
                                                  matching medical ailments
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      I received a telephone call on October 7 from Ron Pearce of Prattville, Alabama, asking to be tested
      for the Tampa Bay Skeptics "$1,000 Challenge." In that conversation, and his follow-up e-mail of
      Oct. 10 from which I quote, Mr. Pearce indicated that he would be able to psychically determine ten
      people's medical ailments via e-mail or, preferably, over the phone, without having to see the people
      in person. Further: "I do not [even] need photographs -- just names and [medical] conditions or
      problems . . . for me to put together with the names . . . or you may even use numbers instead of
      names."

      Shortly thereafter, I queried members of TBS (via our e-mail list) soliciting volunteers, reminding
      them that I am a licensed physician and would, of course, keep their medical conditions confidential.
      Of course, I lied. But the only other person to whom I sent the information (on November 13) was
      TBS chairman Terry Smiljanich, who is a partner in a prestigious Tampa law firm and at least as
      trustworthy with confidential information as I.

      Below are the ten sets of medical conditions that were provided to Mr. Pearce via e-mail (and U.S.
      mail) on November 14:

              a. Nerve damage deafness in right ear since childhood
              b. Hemorrhagic stroke with dementia (mother of the multiple sclerosis person)
              c. Multiple sclerosis
              d. Type 2 diabetes, sleep apnea, obesity, bilateral short Achilles tendons requiring shoe
              orthotics
              e. Physiologic (harmless) heart murmur with no other known medical problems


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v18n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:14]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 18 - No. 3

              f. High cholesterol (on medication), eczema
              g. Bilateral mastectomies for cancer (now in remission)
              h. Severe mental retardation including inability to speak (niece of the nerve damage
              deafness person)
              i. Obstructive sleep apnea, persistently painful bursitis of left hip, inability to bend last
              joint of left little finger due to severed tendon
              j. Hypertension and sciatica

      Mr. Pearce’s task was to match each of the ten above sets of medical conditions to the correct person
      (there is a 1:1 correlation). And, as per our agreement, rather than providing him with names, we
      simply referred to the people by number (with the numbering key and names known only to Terry and
      myself). For the record, the following are the correct match-ups: Person #1=d, 2=f, 3=a, 4=h, 5=g,
      6=c, 7=b, 8=i, 9=j, 10=e.

      So, for example, in order to win the TBS "$1,000 Challenge," Mr. Pearce needed to correctly match
      Person #1 with medical condition set d, person #2 with set f, etc., and get them all correct. The
      probability of getting all 10 correct was 1 in 10! (10 factorial) or 1 in 3,628,800. And were he to
      succeed, we would also arrange for the James Randi Educational Foundation to similarly test him for
      its $1,000,000 prize.

      In a recorded telephone call to me on November 15, Pearce offered the following determinations:
      Person #1=b, 2=f, 3=d, 4=c, 5=j, 6=i, 7=e, 8=a, 9=h, 10=g. Of the ten, only one (#2) was correct.

      Pearce countered that he had never been tested in this manner before, but that he could demonstrate to
      us, in person, his ability as an "empath" to relieve patients of their symptoms and diseases. He added,
      "I've had people that cancer has actually disappeared" as a result of his presence. When I challenged
      him to ask any of these former "cancer" patients to sign a medical record release so that I could see
      documentation of his claim, he replied that he was "not going to even make the attempt." After all,
      numerous doctors and nurses, he says, have been impressed by his medical successes.

      Pearce and others may believe he is an "empath." But I explained why TBS, and the scientific
      community at large, cannot accept any paranormal claims in the absence of solid, reproducible
      evidence gathered under properly controlled conditions. And Pierce agreed that, at least in our test, no
      such evidence was forthcoming.


                                                   Pseudoscientific therapies
                                                  at Tampa General Hospital
                                                          By Gary P. Posner, M.D.

      As reported in a feature article in the October 18 St. Petersburg Times (Tampa edition), Tampa
      General Hospital has become part of a "growing movement at hospitals across the country" to
      "enhance traditional medicine" with an "integrative medicine program" of "alternative" therapies.


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v18n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:14]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 18 - No. 3

      Some, like biofeedback and nutritional support, are scientifically evidence-based. Others, including
      relaxation therapy and massage, are certainly benign enough and soothing to the psyche. And
      encouraging the ill to use their imagination via "visualization" and "guided imagery" seems akin to
      employing more traditional hypnotic suggestion.

      But when a major American hospital like TGH treats its patients with the likes of "Reiki" and
      "therapeutic touch" (TT), the line is crossed between providing rational medical care and calling in
      the "Medicine Man."

      The Times article, devoid of skepticism, describes one such treatment session as witnessed by the
      reporter:

              She begins to sweep her hands through the air immediately over [the patient's] body, working her way
              across his face and down his arms. She's trying to sense his energy patterns. She detects congestion in
              his abdominal area. . . . She senses imbalances [and] tries to repattern the energy with her hand
              movements.

      There is no disputing that these sorts of New Age modalities "work," in the sense that the
      practitioners ooze empathy and their medically naive patients derive emotional benefit from the
      "caring" atmosphere. But what if a terminal patient, wracked with pain, happened to prefer a lap
      dance to a Reiki session? TGH would, of course, never sanction such "non-medical" therapy.

      Both Reiki and TT work their alleged wonders by manipulating the "spirit life force" (known
      variously as chi, qi, ki, and prana) via hand movements in close proximity to the patient’s body (no
      actual touching is required). A Reiki master channels additional "chi" from the heavens into the
      patient, whereas a TT practitioner removes chi blockages and balances the energy flow.

      One might hope that even a ten-year-old would have sense enough to recognize such pseudoscience
      for what it is. Better yet, nine-year-old Emily Rosa made national headlines when her 4th-grade
      science project exposing the nonsense of TT was published as an article in the April 1, 1998, issue of
      the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA). She demonstrated, with eloquent
      simplicity, that when the TT practitioners extended their arms through holes in a barrier, they were
      simply imagining the presence of someone's "spirit life force." Half the time there was no one in
      proximity on the other side, and thus no energy fields to detect.

      The leader of the TGH program, which began last year, is Dr. Sheela Chokshi, an internist from India
      who trained at the Harvard School of Medicine's Mind-Body Institute, which was founded by
      cardiologist Herbert Benson. Dr. Benson may be best known to the public for having popularized the
      "Relaxation Response," claiming that stress-reducing measures can help alleviate not only conditions
      like high blood pressure and anxiety, but "infertility" as well.

      Common sense dictates that relaxation would benefit hypertension and anxiety. But with regard to
      "infertility," Benson stands accused of misrepresenting his own co-authored research findings. A
      book review (in the April 18, 1997, issue of Science) of Benson's Timeless Healing reports that his
      original research article actually contains "no evidence that the relaxation response improved the
      conception rate, as the authors are careful to point out there; there were no matched controls . . . to
      show what the conception rate would have been without the relaxation response." (Emphasis added.)


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v18n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:14]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 18 - No. 3

      Per the Times article, the American Hospital Association reports that 17% of hospitals now offer
      programs like TGH's, and one in four without such a program plan to start one. An AHA
      representative is quoted, "Some of the hospitals say, 'We're doing this as part of our mission. If this is
      what our constituents want, we'll provide it.'"

      The article does not quote JAMA's editor saying, in the aforementioned 1998 issue, that insurers
      "should question [paying for TT] until or unless additional honest experimentation demonstrates an
      actual effect." But given a suggestible patient, TT and the like do provide a genuine placebo effect.
      Even so, does that justify the practice of pseudoscientific medicine in our nation’s hospitals?


                                                                     Snippets


      It appears that Ashley's Restaurant in Rockledge is haunted: "In 1934, Ethel Allen was murdered after
      a fight with her boyfriend at this roadhouse. Her apparition appears in the powder room, while diners
      have reported giving their orders to a ghostly waiter."

      (Life magazine online, Oct. 21)


      The former Lili Marlene's Aviator’s Pub & Restaurant in Orlando's Church Street Station seems to be
      quite the "spirited" scene as well. That's why the new owners, who renovated the place into a
      Japanese restaurant, are refusing to move in and thus being sued by their landlord. Seems a
      subcontractor told the Orlando Sentinel earlier this year that workers had seen, in a mirror, the
      reflections of a ghostly bartender and two dancing girls. According to Emilio San Martin, head of
      Orlando Ghost Tours, the floor above the restaurant was once a hotel/brothel whose visitors often saw
      and heard apparitions, including the cries of the souls of the prostitutes' illegitimate newborns who
      supposedly were routinely murdered there. All that was more than enough to scare away the
      restaurant's owner, Christopher Chung, a Jehovah's Witness whose beliefs require that he "avoid
      encountering . . . spirits or demons."

      (St. Petersburg Times, Sept. 9)


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v18n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:14]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 18 - No. 3


      Greg Jenkins, an Orlando mental health professional and "armchair ghost hunter from way back," has
      written a new book entitled, Florida’s Ghostly Legends and Haunted Folklore, Vol. 1: South and
      Central Florida. The forthcoming second volume concentrates on the St. Augustine area, and a third
      will focus on Florida's west coast. Though he considers himself a "skeptic" at heart and has come
      away unconvinced from many of the locations he has visited, Jenkins, who had an encounter with a
      deceased uncle several years ago, is "certain that the Myrtle Hill Cemetery in Tampa is indeed
      inhabited by something," as is Sunland Hospital in Orlando. But by what? "There is an intense residue
      of emotions [after death, especially suicides], of energy that has to go somewhere . . . like grooves cut
      into an unseen record that plays over and over."

      (St. Petersburg Times, Oct. 29)


                                                                        Earth’s own “Face on
                                                                              Mars”?
                                                                     According to the Oct. 28 St.
                                                                     Pete. Times, this is merely an
                                                                     aerial photo of a cluster of lakes
                                                                     in Odessa. Whatever, it seems
                                                                     not to have frightened the aliens
                                                                     away from Earth. On Sept. 25,
                                                                     former Canadian defense
                                                                     minister Paul Hellyer
                                                                     proclaimed that "UFOs are as
                                                                     real as the airplanes that fly
                                                                     over your head.”


                                                          Letter to the Editor
      Editor: I saw the Psychic Detectives episode about John Monti that you discussed in your Fall issue. If
      it were just some miniseries I wouldn't give it as much credence, but when an actual investigator
      involved in the case speaks up about his amazement over the details, it does get one to thinking. If
      this case is not really what it was presented as, it would seem they must have paid off one of the
      police chiefs to exaggerate or fabricate "facts."

      I don't think even the best psychics are always right. And the most honest of them will tell you that
      they themselves don't understand why some visions don't pan out, or why they don't get a clear
      picture on some cases. But when they do get one, and it leads to very specific facts (unknown to the
      public) about a case, it does make me wonder. Most of the field is filled with hacks, I'm sure. But I do

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v18n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:14]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 18 - No. 3

      think that there are some who are empowered.

      --Tom Hartman
        Boca Raton
        oceantracks@mac.com


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                        © 2005 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v18n3rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:14]
