{"created_utc": "2026-09-28T07:40:56Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 163353, "source_ctime_ns": 1790188219830710896, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-24-no-2---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790188219197932485, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-24-no-2---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "c9818d2d16f3847c2bc5465b7d65e81ea692fb3eb053149449b588732083fdc9"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 24 - No. 2


                                                            Selected articles from
                                                          VOL. 24 NO. 2 FALL 2011


                                        Two psychics credited with foreseeing
                                        location of Caylee Anthony's remains
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      In a case that riveted the nation, Orlando resident Casey Anthony was found "not guilty" this past July
      of the June 2008 death and disposal of her two-year-old daughter Caylee. During the time period of
      the trial, two psychics were credited with apparent advance knowledge of where Caylee's skeletal
      remains would be found.

      Roy Kronk, the meter reader who ultimately did find the remains in December 2008 -- without benefit
      of any psychic assistance -- had initially called authorities (on three consecutive days) in August,
      when he first spotted something distant in the woods. From his first call: "I'm not telling you it's
      Caylee, or anything of that nature. Something round and white underneath of it. I don't know what it
      is." A cursory search of the snake-infested swamp ensued, but it was four months later, and much
      drier, when Kronk returned to the scene and definitely identified a skull and had the remains
      retrieved.

      Casey Anthony's attorneys argued that because the August search had turned up nothing, Kronk must
      have placed the remains in the woods himself in December, while Casey was imprisoned. They also
      called witnesses regarding another search of the same woods, by private investigator Dominic Casey,
      that had yielded nothing as well, but which involved a "psychic."

      Mr. Casey testified that he was hired by George and Cindy Anthony (the defendant's parents) to
      search a particular area based upon a psychic tip that they had received. He described how he walked
      through the woods, cell phone in hand (videotaped by fellow investigator Jim Hoover), as the psychic
      guided him to a spot where she believed the body would be found.

      On June 28, the same day as that testimony was elicited, Nancy Grace, during her evening television

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v24n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:38]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 24 - No. 2

      program on HLN, spoke by phone with the psychic, Ginette Matacia Lucas from
      paranormaladvisors.com. From that interview (excerpted):

              I gave directions from the Anthony house. . . . Go to the end of the driveway, take a right,
              go to the end of the street to the intersection. There is an abandoned or empty house. . . .
              And then keep going back straight into the woods but look for . . . three pavers [cement
              blocks, as a landmark]. And I mentioned you're not looking for a little girl, you're looking
              for essentially trash . . . either a white bag that has turned black from mold or
              environmental damage. And I kept going into detail, and he says, "I can't see it." And then
              eventually he just started getting very upset, and I said, "It's a deceased person, it's only
              trash, it's body parts, that kind of thing, and bones. The animals have gotten to it. . . . You
              have to get strong. You have to keep going." . . . He said there were snakes there so he
              couldn't continue.

      But before you dismiss the psychic angle out of hand, listen to Ms. Lucas' persuasive explanation of
      her remarkable powers. From the same interview (excerpted):

              I use an ability called remote dowsing. . . . Hal Puthoff uses it. . . . My father is a famous
              Marine Corps analyst that uses dowsing. . . . [I use it] to pinpoint sites and locations, like
              the Chandra Levy case. . . . I'm a former Virginia P.I. . . . I use a pendulum, and then I put
              it by my bed. I got a teddy bear in the mail without [any other information] from Cindy
              Anthony . . . and I put it by my bed. And I do what is called dream incubation [which is]
              you write up notes and you tell yourself, "I want to see. Show me what or where the item
              is that I am looking for." And then I use that technique, and it is very successful."

      When Cindy Anthony was recalled by the defense regarding this matter, she denied any knowledge
      whatsoever of the psychic or any involvement in arranging such a search. But her son Lee, who
      followed her to the stand, offered diametrically opposing testimony, recalling that he had become
      "quite angry" with his mother about her arranging for the search, on the basis of a "psychic tip,"
      because he had thought that the entire family still believed Caylee to be alive. The video of both
      interrogations on this matter can be viewed here.

      Following the psychic, Nancy Grace's next guest on her June 28 program was former police
      commander "Woody" Tripp.

              Grace:   Do police use psychics?
              Tripp: They have, Nancy, on occasion.
              Grace: Would you put a psychic up in front of a jury?
              Tripp: That would be very risky.
              Grace: That's a yes/no question.
              Tripp: Probably not, no.

      She then immediately turned her attention to defense attorneys Ray Giudice and Chris Amolsch:

              Grace: Everybody who has ever prosecuted a murder case [including herself] has likely at
              some point dealt with psychics. Now, a lot of people don't believe in psychics, but the
              reality is, somehow, someway, they have cracked cases in the past. Don't ask me how. I'm


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v24n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:38]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 24 - No. 2

              not psychic. I'm not clairvoyant. But the fact is, they have given information to police that
              has led to bodies in the past. . . . But would you put [a psychic] up on the stand?
              Giudice: Well, if I [as a defense attorney] knew that the prosecution had . . . I would, and I
              would cross [examine] that witness and say, "This, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, is the
              best the prosecution's got."
              Amolsch: I wouldn't put one on the stand, but I would certainly cross-examine one. I
              mean, that's just nonsense.

      Grace had posed the question because the prosecution in this case would "want the jury to come to the
      conclusion, the practical conclusion, that one of the Anthony family members [as opposed to a
      psychic] told . . . where to look. And who would that member be, other than Tot Mom [Grace's pet
      name for Casey Anthony]?" There had been rumors that Casey had confided to her attorney
      (unknowingly within earshot of a guard) that she had dumped Caylee in those woods.

      A second psychic, not mentioned during the trial, also claims to have discerned the recovery site,
      though apparently contacting only the media and not the family or authorities. A YouTube video of a
      January 2009 WOFL-TV 35 (Orlando) news report begins with anchor Amy Kaufeldt explaining that,
      coincidentally, on August 11 -- the day Roy Kronk first called authorities -- Gale St. John had zeroed
      in on the same area "on the same day, and has the video to prove it."

      Reporter Holly Bristow then narrates a story about St. John, a "psychic detective" known as "The
      Bodyhunter" (emblazoned across her shirt), which was also the name of her proposed half-hour TV
      series that was scrubbed in 2008 before it got off the ground.

      Per Bristow's narration, we see a videotape, shot by St. John's daughter during their first search for
      Caylee, in which St. John is behind the wheel of a car during what she calls a "blind drive" of the
      Anthony's neighborhood, the last area where Caylee was known to have been alive. As the vehicle
      turns right toward what will turn out to have been the true recovery site, "her reaction, moments later,
      is just chilling." St. John described it this way: "You get very sick to your stomach, you feel almost as
      if you've been punched in the stomach, and it knocks the air out of you."

      At the spot of that intense feeling, she pulls the car over, and she and her crew, along with two
      cadaver dogs, exit and head into the woods. But although, according to St. John, "the dogs did show
      heavy interest in going back in the area," they couldn't go far because of standing water. And
      according to Bristow, "St. John could not get permission from the property owner to go into the
      woods where Caylee's remains would be found, so she did not return," though Bristow later adds, "St.
      John came back to do another search for Caylee in mid-November. She tells me she drove back to
      that same area again and got that same feeling . . . way above 10" (on a 1-10 scale).

      And St. John apparently returned a third time. A November 20, 2008, story on the WOFL Website
      begins:

              Another big name you may recognize is back in town searching for Caylee Anthony,
              psychic detective Gale St. John from the show The Body Hunters. This is St. John's third
              trip to Orlando looking for the missing three year old. Their first stop of the day,
              Greenwood Urban Wetland outside of downtown Orlando. Dozens of tips led St. John to
              this location. "We don't just do the psychic thing . . . we investigate the tips as well," St.


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v24n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:38]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 24 - No. 2

              John said. She says she has a vision of the specific spot she's looking for.

      So we can't help but wonder how "blind" St. John's "blind drive" really was. And the YouTubed news
      report, containing video clips of what was ostensibly her first search for Caylee, aired in January
      2009. Can we really be sure that the video given to Ch. 35 was actually shot on August 11, 2008,
      before Caylee's remains were recovered, rather than having been created after the fact? It would seem
      so, as there are contemporaneous Internet posts from people commenting upon St. John's search being
      conducted that day. The unedited, 20-minute video (with occasional profanity) can be viewed in its
      entirety here.

      During the course of my own research, two people previously associated with St. John have alluded to
      issues causing them to divorce themselves from her "Bodyhunter" activities. Neither will speak on the
      record, but at least one of them seems to have grown skeptical of her "psychic" abilities, and I
      inferred that another issue revolved around the appropriateness of St. John's use of the donations she
      received that were intended to fund her group's official missing-person investigations.


                                               Noreen Renier Update
                   Loses one appeal in $30,000 quest, files another
          Exaggerates FBI and Court TV endorsements on covers of new book
                                      releases
                        Memoir possible subject of TV movie
                          Moves again -- to North Carolina
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      As we reported in our last issue, former Floridian and renowned "psychic detective" Noreen Renier's
      hopes for a $30,000 payday from skeptic John Merrell were dampened this past March, pending
      appeal. In June of last year, Judge William E. Anderson, who presided over Renier's bankruptcy trial,
      issued a ruling that included a $30,000 penalty to be paid to the aggrieved party should either she, or
      skeptic John Merrell (her perennial nemesis and principal creditor), again publicly disparage the
      other, as Renier contends Merrell continues to do. However, on March 21 of this year, Anderson
      vacated that 2010 order after concluding that he had exceeded his authority.

      Renier promptly filed a 40-page appeal alleging that Anderson's analysis erred "factually and legally,"
      and that Merrell's continued Internet postings about her entitled her to be awarded the $30,000. On
      July 22, United Stated District Judge Norman K. Moon issued an eight-page Memorandum Opinion
      in which he agreed with Anderson that "the bankruptcy court lacked jurisdiction" in this matter.
      However, in this never-ending saga, Renier has subsequently filed an appeal of that decision to the
      Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals.

      On another front -- two fronts and a back to be precise -- our litigious medium has landed in hot water


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v24n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:38]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 24 - No. 2

      over the covers of her three new book releases. Two of the books are foreign-language editions of her
      memoir, A Mind for Murder, about which we have written extensively in past issues. The third is a
      new tome entitled The Practical Psychic: A No-Nonsense Guide to Developing Your Natural Intuitive
      Abilities.

      As I wrote in my chapter about Renier in Psychic Sleuths (Prometheus Books, 1994), Robert Ressler,
      a now-retired FBI Supervisory Special Agent who had invited Renier to lecture at the FBI Academy
      (and has since befriended her and endorsed her "psychic" powers), acknowledged in a 1986
      deposition that "we don't . . . [use] psychics in our investigative process" and that Renier "does not
      work on FBI cases." Further, he had compelled her to modify her promotional literature when she
      claimed "that she was an instructor for the FBI, something along that line, and I told her she could not
      say that."

      Nothing has changed in that regard in the ensuing years, so it was quite a
      shock to see the cover (right) of the new French edition of Renier's memoir.
      The title translates to Medium: Investigator for the FBI, and 20/20 vision is
      not required in order to appreciate the cover's most prominent feature. But
      good vision is useful when reading the federal statutes. Per Title 18, U.S.
      Code, Section 701, with regard to "any . . . insignia, of the design prescribed
      by the head of any . . .agency of the United States . . . [whoever] makes or
      executes any . . . photograph, print, or impression in the likeness of any such
      . . . insignia . . . except as authorized . . . shall be fined under this title or
      imprisoned not more than six months, or both." And from Sec. 709:

              Whoever, except with the written permission of the Director of the
              Federal Bureau of Investigation, knowingly uses the words "Federal
              Bureau of Investigation" or the initials "F.B.I." or any colorable imitation of such words or
              initials, in connection with any . . . book . . . in a manner reasonably calculated to convey
              the impression that such . . . book . . . is approved, endorsed, or authorized by the Federal
              Bureau of Investigation . . . shall be punished as follows: . . . any individual . . . by a fine
              under this title or imprisonment for not more than one year, or both.

      Though we have no detailed information to report at this time, we do understand that the FBI is
      actively investigating this matter.

      The Portuguese edition bears an equally misleading (translated) title, Criminal Minds: In the Secret
      Files of the FBI. The front cover is free of unlawful artwork, but a tiny, blurry Web ad photo showed
      what may have been a smaller FBI seal on the back. Per the seller, all orders are on hold while the
      book is being "revised."

      The third book, in its initial advertising,
      contained an endorsement in the cover's
      upper-right corner as shown in the first image
      on right. But when the book arrived, it also
      had been subtly "revised" to what you see on
      the far right. As John Merrell explains on this
      page of his Website, and as attorneys for

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v24n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:38]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 24 - No. 2


      Turner Broadcasting System (which owns the
      Court TV trademark) apparently convinced
      the publisher, no one in authority at Court TV has offered any such endorsement.

      So where did it come from? Renier had been the guest for an interactive online "chat" session a
      decade ago hosted by CourtTV.com (the transcript is undated but is first archived on Feb. 8, 2001).
      As the session's moderator typed out his introduction to the chat, he opined, "I'm not a big believer in
      psychic stuff . . . but when I decided to do this topic for a chat Ms. Renier seemed like the most
      credible psychic out there" -- based on endorsements he had seen from others, such as Renier's FBI
      friend.

      So, the quote on the cover is an out-of-context partial statement of opinion from the skeptical chat
      moderator. As for the quote's attribution to "Psychic Detectives, Court TV," though I have no doubt
      that the producers of the Psychic Detectives TV series -- which later aired on Court TV from 2004-
      2007 and featured Renier in 11 episodes (as listed on her website) -- would have agreed to so endorse
      her had she chosen instead to use a quote from them, the book's "About the Author" page specifies
      that it did actually come from "Court TV online," i.e., the chat moderator.

      And in a late-July missive to subscribers of her e-mail newsletter, Renier announced that she has
      moved once again, from rural Charlottesville, VA, to Wilmington, NC. "It's quite a change from a log
      cabin in the mountains," she says, "but beautiful just the same. The ocean is a great place to reconnect
      and rejuvenate."

      There may not be much time, however, for Renier to rest her weary bones. She added, "The best news
      is that [my memoir] is being considered for a ‘made-for-television' movie!" John Merrell tells TBS
      Report that within days of her e-mail, five reporters had contacted him about it.

      But the editions of her memoir that remain in print have been purged (due to litigation) of the two
      chapters devoted to her quarter century of legal battles with Merrell (as well as her mention of TBS
      and yours truly). So if her story does make it to the screen, viewers may be deprived of its two most
      credible characters -- and Affleck and Damon will have to be content to find other work.


                                                                     Snippets


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v24n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:38]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 24 - No. 2


      As all educated Americans are aware, September 19, 1961, is a date which will live in infamy. On
      that historic night, Barney and Betty Hill experienced what could be called the "Pearl Harbor" of UFO
      abductions, suffering an interrupted journey while driving through the White Mountains of New
      Hampshire on their way home from a vacation in Canada. Taken aboard a craft originating from the
      Zeta Reticuli binary star system, they were subjected, so the story goes, to indignities that one hopes
      the American POWs in Japan were spared. To commemorate this probing event in the anals (no typo)
      of history, the N.H. Division of Historical Resources has created a roadside marker, which was
      unveiled on July 20 at the site of the alleged incident and reads in part: "On the night of September
      19-20, 1961 . . . Betty and Barney Hill experienced a close encounter with an unidentified flying
      object and two hours of ‘lost' time. . . . They filed an official Air Force Project Blue Book report . . .
      the next day. . . . This was the first widely reported UFO-abduction report in the United States."

      (Huffington Post, July 25)


      Mark Fowler sold lighting fixtures from his teens until a decade ago, when he became a prophet in a
      Masonic organization in St. Petersburg that helps children with cerebral palsy. He now runs the
      nonprofit Chamber of Hope Hyperbaric Center for Children. In addition to cerebral palsy (with which
      his 10-year-old grandson is afflicted), Fowler claims that his one-hour treatments involving breathing
      concentrated oxygen are effective in ameliorating such debilitating conditions as diabetic neuropathy,
      Lyme disease and autism. "We've had people with strokes nine or ten years out unable to move an
      arm and a leg and they got up and walked," he says. But Tom Workman of the Undersea &
      Hyperbaric Medical Society has his doubts: "In my opinion, the therapeutic value of those devices is
      more psychological than physiological."

      (St. Pete. Times, July 18)


      In Fort Lauderdale, an extended family of "psychics" has been charged with ripping off their clients to
      the tune of $40-million over the past two decades. The alleged perps include Rose Marks and eight of


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v24n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:38]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 24 - No. 2

      her relatives: a sister, three children, two daughters-in-law, a son-in-law, and a granddaughter.
      Dubbed by the Feds as "Operation Crystal Ball," their investigation has yielded indictments that
      include 61 counts of conspiracy, mail and wire fraud, and money laundering (a local business owner
      was also charged with assisting in the latter). Each count carries a maximum 20-year prison term.

      (Miami Herald, August 16)


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                    © 2011 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry–Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v24n2rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:46:38]
