{"created_utc": "2026-09-05T13:05:07Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 59905, "source_ctime_ns": 1788594514462732727, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-20-no-1---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788594514460475983, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/Tampa-Bay-Skeptics-Report---vol-20-no-1---INCOMPLETE.pdf", "source_sha256": "fa58788956f768a82bf71d878a7159f1c9c3416211deb8e44801d4334941a90c"}

TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 1


                                                           Selected articles from
                                                       VOL. 20 NO. 1 SUMMER 2007


                                Merrell Prevails Over Renier in Federal Court
                                                               By Gary P. Posner

      The epic legal wranglings between former-Florida "psychic detective" Noreen Renier and skeptic
      John Merrell, which have spanned two decades in county, state and federal courts from Orlando to
      Seattle, may have finally come to an end -- though not with the results predicted by the psychic.

      Renier, who has been featured in numerous episodes of Court TV's pro-paranormal Psychic
      Detectives series, probably trails only Sylvia Browne as America's, and perhaps even the world's,
      best-known self-styled psychic sleuth. But even Browne is notorious for some well-publicized
      psychic stink bombs, so it's understandable that Renier might have been clueless that she would get
      killed in court over the publication of A Mind for Murder, her 2005 memoir.

      Renier's book was promptly pulled when the publisher learned, from Merrell's attorney, that Renier
      and Merrell had signed a settlement agreement in 1992 prohibiting either party from ever again
      publicly disparaging the other. Renier had won a $25,000 libel judgment against Merrell in 1986,
      which he unsuccessfully contested in two courts, and this settlement, which also included a $23,800
      payment to Renier, was to have finally put their battles to bed. It shouldn't take an attorney, much less
      a psychic, to recognize that A Mind for Murder's two chapters devoted to Renier's history with
      Merrell, in which she accuses him of lying in court and other misconduct, was a flagrant violation of
      that agreement. Merrell thus sued Renier in December 2005 for breach of contract.

      As the case played out in U.S. District Court in Washington state, where Merrell now resides, a
      posting (subsequently removed) by Renier on her website placed the blame on her publisher's
      attorney for having "neglected to spot the problem that was to materialize in this latest lawsuit,
      although they were told to be very careful." I'm no psychic (I don't even play one on TV), but I sense
      that they might have spotted the problem had Renier spotted them a copy of her unambiguous, legally
      binding settlement agreement.

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:12]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 1


      Equally clear was the settlement's stipulation that should someone breach it and thus precipitate a
      lawsuit, the prevailing party's legal fees would be reimbursed by the breaching party. Yet again,
      Renier's position strained credulity, her attorney insisting that because Merrell failed to claim any
      substantial monetary damages and his complaints against Renier's publisher and co-author had been
      dismissed, Merrell was not the prevailing party. This was in spite of the judge's earlier
      pronouncement that "Ms. Renier breached the agreement."

      Judge James L. Robart's final ruling, issued on April 5, 2007, reaffirmed that Renier was the
      breaching party, Merrell was the prevailing party, and that Renier was obligated to reimburse Merrell
      for his attorney's fees and other legal costs in the amount of $39,558. All of Renier's counter claims
      were denied, her book has not been rehabilitated, and her own legal fees are estimated to exceed
      $35,000.

      On his own website, Merrell has floated two intriguing, though somewhat fanciful, ideas for Renier to
      ponder. One has her co-authoring another book, this time with a skeptic like me or Joe Nickell,
      revealing "how international psychics have fooled the public and media." The second has Merrell
      agreeing to donate $10,000 in Renier's name to a children's charity, and erasing her $39,558 debt
      entirely, should she in a timely manner be able to "prove under a qualified and sanctioned test
      something as simple as her claims of human levitation, psychic sight through clothing, or her two-
      way communication with trees." The former -- if Renier is consciously aware, and agreeable to
      confessing, that she is no more "psychic" than the rest -- could have best-seller potential. The latter,
      on the other hand, would require that Renier actually demonstrate psychic ability under properly
      controlled conditions, and based upon my own personal history with her, my money says she wouldn't
      dare make the attempt -- not even for Randi's $1,000,000 reward. [Note: Merrell's website was revamped
      in early 2010, and much material removed, in conjunction with an apparent cease-fire with Noreen Renier.]

      The above appears in the July/August Skeptical Inquirer as "'Court TV' Psychic Loses to Skeptic in Real Court."


                                                 Another View of Skepticism
                                                             By James W. Moseley

      For a number of years now, I have been receiving (and actually reading!) comp copies of TBS Report
      in exchange for my own sort-of-but-not-quite-monthly UFO-related newsletter, Saucer Smear, which
      I've been publishing since 1954 (originally as Saucer News). Like TBS Report, in addition to factual
      reporting, we inject wit and humor, and even sarcasm when appropriate. But I want to explain here
      why I think my newsletter presents a more reasonable approach to anomalies than does TBS Report
      or, for that matter, Skeptical Inquirer.

      First, the TBS Report masthead defines "skeptic" as "a person who searches for truth through
      questioning and reasoning." Fair enough, except that my dictionary defines the word as "a person
      disposed to skepticism, especially regarding religion or religious principles." Here we see a problem
      already. The "skeptics" seem to be incredibly anxious to avoid anything that smacks of religion in any

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:12]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 1

      form whatsoever. I am an agnostic, but I do not fear or avoid religion.

      Next I'd like to point out something that most people seldom if ever think about. Science (which I will
      capitalize throughout because of the way I am using the word) is, for sure, our most reliable road to
      knowledge, and yet its conclusions (always tentative) often run absolutely contrary to common sense.
      The human body is not a solid object at all, but a mass of billions of tiny atoms which in turn consist
      mostly of empty space. Various forms of energy run through our bodies endlessly, at the speed of
      light, without doing any damage. The universe consists of not three dimensions, but at least four, and
      perhaps as many as thirteen, according to current mathematical theories. No one in his or her right
      mind would believe any of this except that it comes from Science, so we assume and blindly believe it
      to be true!

      Interestingly, Darwinian evolution is one scientific discipline that does not violate common sense, as
      apes do look a lot like humans, and we're all on the same planet together. But here an opposite
      problem occurs. Religion has a lot to say about the creation of mankind, but nothing at all to say
      about atoms, etc. Thus most religious people refuse to believe in evolution or even consider the
      evidence in an unbiased manner. Yet these same people accept most of Science without a second
      thought!

      If we choose to believe, or even open-mindedly consider, any phenomenon that has not, at least as of
      yet, been proven true (though always tentatively) by Science, we are considered by "skeptics" to be
      credulous, or worse. Why can't we, without shame, look into the areas that Science has overlooked or
      "damned" for one reason or another? Most people don't care to study anomalies because they occur
      infrequently and thus are not part of daily life, and, no doubt, also because there's very little money in
      it. And yet it is, in my opinion, a fascinating intellectual exercise to look into things which may or
      may not prove to be true in the long run.

      Admittedly, it is extremely hard to find a proper balance between "skepticism" and credulity. The
      Internet is loaded with material on off-beat subjects that are nothing more than an utter waste of time.
      It takes a great amount of patience to separate the wheat from the chaff, as they say, but I think it is
      well worth the effort.

      I don't believe that psychic powers are anywhere nearly reliable enough to solve crimes or predict the
      future, and as far as I'm concerned TBS is merely "beating a dead horse." Yet there is strong evidence
      (not "proof") that some sort of psychic realm does exist, and (god help us -- and note the small "g"!)
      many people including myself have had unexplainable personal experiences with it. And let's not
      forget flying saucers, which in my opinion do not originate from another planet, but do exist. Most
      UFOs can be explained, but some definitely cannot be.

      Saucer Smear reports the latest news and gossip related to UFOs and many other anomalies, including
      the paranormal. We've been publishing for more than half a century, so we can't last much longer. But
      while we're still around, perhaps readers would consider sending a generous "Love Offering" (at least
      enough to cover my printing, mailing and Scotch expenses) for a year's non-subscription to: Saucer
      Smear, P.O. Box 1709, Key West, Florida 33041. You just might learn something new -- or at least be
      entertained!

      =====


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:12]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 1


      Gary Posner replies for TBS:   While the Center For Inquiry Tampa Bay, of which TBS is a Special Interest
      Group, deals more with ethics and religion, TBS restricts itself to scientifically testable claims. Yet we have
      conducted a highly publicized investigation of a "weeping icon" in Tarpon Springs, and have questioned
      Clearwater's "Virgin Mary" window image and other such religious claims. Skeptical Inquirer has even published
      a "Special Issue" devoted to "Science & Religion."

      Jim makes it sound like we have a "blind belief" in atoms and multiple unseen dimensions because Science so
      orders and we uncritically obey (akin to religious dogma). But as Jim himself points out, scientific theories are
      "always tentative." As better data come to light and survive Science's critical scrutiny, today's most strongly held
      beliefs are subject to revision and potential reversal tomorrow (unlike religious dogma).

      TBS is dedicated to the "open-minded consideration" of purported paranormal phenomena, and we even dangle
      $1,000 to entice proponents to bring us their evidence. However, there are difficult hurdles to be crossed between
      "open-minded consideration" and "belief." Until a paranormal claim has been supported by evidence of
      comparably extraordinary quality, proclaiming "belief" would seem a credulous exercise.

      If there is "strong evidence" that any "psychic realm" exists, or that some UFOs are as exotic as Jim believes, TBS
      will pay $1,000 (as noted above) for a successful demonstration or other convincing evidence that passes scientific
      muster. I would normally mention the James Randi Educational Foundation's $1,000,000 offer as well, but I have
      known Jim Moseley for many years and am well aware of his skepticism of Randi's willingness to ever pay off
      under any circumstances.

      As for Jim's "unexplainable personal experiences," I'm all ears and "open-minded consideration," although the
      psychological literature is replete with proffered prosaic explanations for perceived paranormal events. I'll
      "believe" if and when the quality of the evidence so merits.

      However, I do agree with Jim that Saucer Smear is well worth checking out, as is his book, Shockingly Close to
      the Truth!. There's no fixed price for Smear, but Jim does appreciate those love offerings.


                                                                     Snippets


      The Rev. Janet Reynolds, a 65-year-old ordained minister at Harmony Church in Tampa, further
      identified as a "clairvoyant" and an "intuitive counselor for more than 10 years," offered these eerily
      precise predictions for 2007 at the end of last year: "I believe it's going to be the best year. The last

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:12]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 1

      four, it's been hectic. I think there's going to be a wonderful change in society. There are a lot of
      coming events and they're coming soon and they're going to make people very happy."

      (St. Pete. Times, Dec. 31)


      As mentioned in this issue's "Chairman's Corner," former Arizona Gov. Fife Symington now claims
      to have seen the 1997 "Phoenix Lights" UFO and that it was "enormous. In your gut, you could just
      tell it was otherworldly." At the time, however, Symington had ridiculed the case at a press
      conference by introducing a captured alien -- his chief of staff in full ET garb. Why the ex-Gov's
      "gut" is now growling is a mystery, but the lights are not. Tucson astronomer James McGaha, a
      retired Air Force pilot, confirms the A-10 aircraft flare explanation and adds that "what [Symington]
      feels in his gut doesn't make any difference."

      (St. Pete. Times, March 24)


      Remember the Quadro Tracker? (You will if you attended the last TBS meeting.) The handheld
      device was marketed in 1996 to locate such things as bullets, drugs hidden in school lockers, and even
      lost golf balls! Police and school systems spent millions on what James Randi exposed as nothing
      more than an empty piece of plastic with a projecting antenna that simulated a divining rod. Well, it's
      déjà vu all over again -- this time with Sniffex, which can allegedly "pinpoint explosives from a
      football field away." The Defense Dept. purchased eight of them for nearly $50,000, even though it
      has flunked a U.S. Navy test involving two trucks hauling a half ton of explosives within 20 feet of
      the device. Randi offered Sniffex CEO Paul B. Johnson $1,000,000 for a successful test and was
      instead sued for libel (the case was later dropped). But how can you discount testimonials from
      customers like one Belgian Minister of Interior who claims his Sniffex success "exceeds 90%"?
      Gesundheit!

      (Dallas Morning News, April 16)


                                          TBS "$1,000 Challenge" Follow-up
      In our last issue, we mentioned our negotiations with Carl David Ritchie of Malden, Missouri, who
      claims the ability to detect water by use of a dowsing rod.

      Mr. Ritchie had also contacted a number of other organizations, including CFI–West and its
      Independent Investigations Group, based in Hollywood, CA, which sponsors a "$50,000 Paranormal
      Challenge" and expressed an interest in testing him.

      TBS has therefore sent our draft protocol, which included input from James Randi, to CFI–West, to

http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:12]
TBS Report Online --- Vol. 20 - No. 1

      assist them in formulating their own test, which will involve PVC pipes, some filled with water and
      others with sand.

      If and when the test is conducted, we will report the results. However, until you also hear about it in
      Time, Newsweek, the New York Times, CNN, and the Drudge Report, you can safely assume that Mr.
      Ritchie has not yet demonstrated that his rod can differentiate the ocean from the beach.


                                                           TBS in the Media
      Gary Posner was interviewed by Creative Loafing for its May 23 cover story, "The ghost whisperer,"
      about paranormal investigators Laurie Champion and daughter.

      On May 14, Ch. 8's Daytime (syndicated in eight other markets) contained an interview with Terry
      Smiljanich about "chupacabras" -- blood-sucking dog-like animals first reported in Puerto Rico in the
      1990s after dead goats were found with strange bite marks on their necks. The legend has since grown
      and spread to the U.S. "There's as much evidence for the tooth fairy," argued Terry. We haven't yet
      seen the tape, but we assume this comment made the final "cut."


      Return to TBS Report Online


                                        © 2007 by Tampa Bay Skeptics and Center For Inquiry Tampa Bay


http://www.tampabayskeptics.org/v20n1rpt.html[17/01/2023 17:47:12]
