{"created_utc": "2026-09-14T15:48:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 348706, "source_ctime_ns": 1788532474497311613, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/UFO-PSI-Magazine---Issue-15---2000.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788532474485637295, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/UFO-PSI-Magazine---Issue-15---2000.pdf", "source_sha256": "2ac45a0c9696dd313f136ccd611a67520bf93c8697a47ce9b20ad521f510758d"}

Foreword
                                 Written by Christian Pfeiler


Hello and welcome to the fifteenth issue of the magazine.

It comes very late this time (in fact nearly 2 months too late) but here it is. I really had a
lot of problems in the last months, including the loss of the entire subscriber list. First, I
formatted my harddisk after some trouble with the operating system but I forgot to save
the list. Fortunately, I had the list already saved on a floppy disk but alas the disk was
broken and I wasn´t able to open the file. Finally, I tried to find the list on a print-out (I
was quite sure that I had such a print-out) but it seems that this paper has mysteriously
vanished without a trace.

If I would be a little paranoid, I would say this all is part of a governmental conspiracy to
destroy the magazine <g> but I think the most likely explanation is here also the correct
one: it was just bad luck. Whatever, I was able to reconstruct some parts of the
readerlist but the e-mail-addresses of over 100 people are still missing and I wasn´t
able to get them back until now, so once again my desperate request: Please let me
know if you know people who were former readers or if you read this issue in the online
archive but you have already subscribed and you got no issue this month via e-mail.

I think we´re slowly going back to normality and I hope I can continue to publish the
magazine in a normal monthly or (maybe better) bi-monthly period. However, I have a
lot of things to do in the next weeks and I guess I will be abroad one or two times, so I
think I won´t be able to finish a new issue in just 4 weeks (at least not one in good
quality) so the next issue No 16 will be published after 8 weeks on February 10, 2001
- I hope everyone can wait that long <g>.
To this issue: I´ve written a new Bible-related article, this time one about the life of
Jesus Christ. It´s again a pretty controversial topic, so feel free to send me your
comments and thoughts concerning this article. We also have an interesting book
review and the second part of the article about the strange experiences of author Philip
K. Dick and I´ve "recycled" one article from Issue 2 (I think not many people know this
issue because it´s not available in the online archive.) Thanks to Kerry, Tessa and
Michelle for their contribution and special thanks to Angela Mogavero for the excellent
proof-reading of my Bible article.

By the way, it may very well be that my English in this issue is even worse than my
usual English. That´s because it´s my first English work after many weeks and - believe
me - you loose every sense for the English language if you have to talk and hear that
lousy German all the time <g>. To come to an end with my as usual not very interesting
foreword: I hope you´ll enjoy this issue and

I WISH YOU A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR

FROHE WEIHNACHTEN UND EIN GUTES NEUES JAHR EUCH ALLEN

Chris


Contents of this issue
1.) UFO related sentence of the month

2.) Our Group Members

3.) UFO Dictionary

4.) The Jesus Christ Project

5.) Book Review - The Pleiadian Mission

6.) FBI document of the month

7.) Visitations (Part 2)

8.) The Rendlesham Case (article from Issue 2)

9.) The KRILL papers (Part 8)

10.) Website tip of the month

11.) UFO photo of the month


UFO-related sentence of the month
"There has been lack of attention to significant UFO cases, as judged by the scientific
consultant and others, and too much time on routine cases which contain few
information bits..."

                                         J. Allen Hynek about Project Bluebook


Our Group Members
Written by Michelle Guerin

Excuse me while I remove my tin foil helmet and pull all the shades in my home for
security reasons! My name is Michelle Guerin and I guess by now you have figured out
that I have a good sense of humor. I think a sense of humor is a prerequisite if you wish
to keep your sanity when dealing with experiences of an unusual nature, such as I
have. At a very young age I had seen what I referred to as "little men" come thru my
bedroon window and flying out side--going straight up. I also recall what can only be
described as an out-of-body experience around the same age.

These episodes, as well as others I have experienced, keep me searching for answers.
You can read about some of my experiences on my website, Sands Of Time. The URL
is http://members.aol.com/nymush/sands.html I also host in an online chat room that
provides a caring peer forum to promote discussion of experiences such as these. You
can contact me at NYMush@aol.com for more info.


UFO-Dictionary
Written by Christian Pfeiler


Here is the eleventh part of the UFO dictionary. In this issue I will try to explain some of
the special UFO words, terms and abbreviations starting with the letter "M".

MAJESTIC-12 (MJ-12)

A term which ostensibly means a secret organisation of the U.S. government, involved
in various aspects of UFO cover-up and disinformation. A couple of documents seem to
prove that such an organisation really exists but most of these documents are very
likely just fraud and people who claimed to have been members of MJ-12 or related
groups are possibly just hoaxers, so we can´t say for sure whether MJ-12 exists or not.

Mars-Face

A rock formation on the Cydonia plateau on Planet Mars. The so-called "Face" bears
indeed a striking resemblance with a human face, but NASA had declared that it´s just
an illusion created by light and shadow on a natural rock (they also proved it with a
series of photos). However, many people believe that the NASA "proofs" are faked and
that the face is indeed artificial and was created by a former civilization on Mars. There
are also pyramid-like mountains and other unusual structures near to the face, but it´s
still unproven that they are of artificial origin.

MIB

Abbreviation for "Men in Black". The MIB are ostensibly a group of strange looking men
(black clothing, white skin, strange behaviour) who appeared to UFO witnesses and
threatened them not to talk about their sightings. Various UFO witnesses reported to
have met such MIB but most serious UFO researchers consider such reports as hoaxes
or imagination. After a popular movie dealing with the MIB topic in a humorous way,
most people believe that such men are just fictional characters.

Moonblinks

Another term for TLP or "Transient Lunar Phenomena" which means the sighting of
strange und unexplainable lights on the surface of the moon.

MOGUL

Project MOGUL was a secret military project in the 1940s with the task to detect Soviet
nuclear tests and involved the use of high-flying balloons and such a balloon was
(according to the Airforce) responsible for the so-called Roswell incident 1947.

MUFON

Abbreviation for "Mutual UFO Network". MUFON is the largest UFO research
organisation of the world and was involved in the research of many important sightings.

MUFON-CES

Abbreviation für "Mutual UFO Network - Central European Section". The CE-Section of
MUFON is a little different from the normal organisation, because CES is considered as
very sceptical and many researchers here in Europe don´t like the not very open-
minded work of CES.


The Jesus Christ Project
Written by Christian Pfeiler
                 A 10th century image showing the crucifixion - have a special look
                         at the unusal UFO-like objects hovering in the sky.

You may remember my previous Bible articles about the first Books of Moses, the Book
of Exodus and the Book of Revelation. These books were not only important parts of
the Bible, but also important parts of the Christian belief system. I tried to show that
various events described in these books could be cited as proof of the extraterrestrial
influence of the so-called "Elohim" species (commonly known as "God"). This new
article is about one of the most interesting people in the entire Bible, the man whose
teachings have shaped modern Christianity like no one before him -- the prophet named
Jesus Christ.

As I said in previous articles, we should divide the whole "Project Mankind" into various
stages. The New Testament- Stage or Jesus-Stage may have been the last one. It
showed us radically changed behavior from the Old Testament's "Angry God." Since
the NT is so removed from the distant past, when God and his angels walked as solid
beings among Men, it is written in a somewhat confusing, symbolic, religious manner
which makes it far more difficult to interpret the true meaning of some of the messages.
Still, there are some interesting quotes and facts about the life of Jesus Christ that I
would like to examine here. All of this is just theory, so I hope no one feels offended by
this analysis.

In this article, I would like to mention some facts which may help to support the following
claims:

       The first sentence in the first line of the NT is incorrect.
       Jesus was not as different from earlier prophets as we think today.
       Jesus was married and had a life which is not mentioned in the Bible.
       Jesus was not dead when he was taken from the cross.
       Jesus ascended, but maybe not into heaven, and at least not forever.
       The first sentence in the first line of the NT is already incorrect.

The first chapter in the Book of Matthew, lines 1-16, gives us a rather long and
impressive list of people who were ostensibly Jesus' ancestors. It starts in the first line
with the sentence "The book of the generations of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the
son of Abraham..." and continues with numerous generations of people from former
times. This by itself is nothing unusual, because such lists of generations and blood
lines were often shown in the Old Testament, especially in the first books. These lists
were used to show how the famous prophets were related to other biblical persons. The
famous prophet himself was usually the last person on the list and therefore related to
all who came before him.

However, it's a little different in Jesus' case. The list is called "The book of the
generations of Jesus Christ," so you would certainly expect that the last person in this
blood line would be Jesus himself, but surprisingly, it closes in line 16 with the words:

"And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called
Christ."

What a surprise -- the last person in the book of the generations of Jesus Christ is not
Jesus Christ but Joseph, the husband of Mary. Thus, the first line of the chapter clearly
gives us completely erroneous information, because it's not the book of the ancestors of
Jesus but of the ancestors of Joseph. It has good reason not to continue with "And
Joseph begat Jesus..." because Joseph was not the father of Jesus, he was simply the
husband of Mary. According to traditional religious belief, Mary was a virgin when she
became pregnant and Jesus was not a "son of man" but a son of God, a child of the
Holy Ghost (or a child of artificial insemination?).

This pregnancy is shown in the NT as something very extraordinary and holy, but it was
in fact not unusual in older biblical times for women to become pregnant after having a
vision or a meeting with "God" or bright angels ("Elohim"). Such pregnancies often
happened very unexpectedly for both the woman and her human husband. A good
example is in Chapter 18 of the Book of Moses, when Abraham met three men --
among them "God" himself in a solid form -- who promised him that his wife Sara would
soon become pregnant despite her advanced age. Such children of unexpected
pregnancies were usually very wise men and prophets, maybe some kind of "giants" or
Nephilim on Earth. I think we can assume that the same thing (artificial insemination?)
had happened to Mary, before her marriage to Joseph.

In any case, according to the common belief, Joseph was not Jesus' father (at least not
genetically). Thus the list is mistaken when it shows the ancestors of Joseph as those of
Jesus -- unless all of the names on the generation list were not real humans but
"children of the Holy Ghost" and therefore really related to Jesus. This, however, seems
a little far-fetched. So what is the sense of this list and why is the first line in the first
book of the NT already a mistake? Maybe the list was just used to connect the OT with
the NT in some way, or -- even more likely -- the time scale and the number of
generations are important and possibly hold a special hidden meaning.

"So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from
David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the
carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations." (Matthew 1:17)

Fourteen generations. It seems that there are always fourteen generations between
important events in biblical history. We already know that "God" liked numbers, plans
and time schedules very much -- maybe far too much for a timeless supernatural being.
If we assume that there were extraterrestrial projects or stages of such projects in our
biblical history, then such odd schedules and numbers might be necessary for the alien
species to supervise their projects. What is the meaning behind 14 generations? Is
there a genetic reason for these periods? Since Jesus was created artificially, the
waiting period seems useless to us.
Jesus was not as different from earlier prophets as we think today.

The modern Christian religion considers Jesus Christ to be different from other "normal"
prophets of the OT. It considers him to be the real Son of God and thus much more holy
than the prophets before him. An analysis of the circumstances of his life shows us that
the differences were actually not as great as we might expect. He was born under
mysterious circumstances -- but that happened to former prophets as well. Most of the
OT Prophets weren't aware of their "role" in the game between "God(s)" and humans in
their youth. Their roles were revealed to them at a certain age in dreams or visions or
even in meetings with solid angels (especially in later chapters, the OT is often not clear
about the reality of such meetings). Only after such "visions" did the prophets begin to
teach.

"Then was Jesus led up of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil."
(Matthew 4:1)

The same thing happened to Jesus Christ. He was led into the wilderness. Remote
areas were preferred places for such meetings. There, he was tempted by the devil.
Moreover, he was led to this place by the "Spirit." How very strange. Was it a purpose
of God to have Jesus tempted in order to test his faith and strength? Maybe the biblical
"devil" was just a symbol for some kind of test performed by the Elohim themselves -- a
test to find out whether the creation of the being Jesus Christ was well done and
whether he was ready for his tasks or not. According to traditional belief, the devil tested
Jesus' faith with a few simple questions. This sounds far too insignificant to justify
spending 40 days and nights in a remote wilderness. Whatever the circumstances,
Jesus refused to obey the "devil" and "God" liked this behavior. So, the (half?) human
Jesus Christ was ready for his tasks.

"Then the devil leaveth him, and, behold, angels came and ministered unto him."
(Matthew 4:11)

The "devil" was obviously under the command of the angels, because he left voluntarily
after his task was done and the bright angels appeared. This is not unexpected -- it was
a usual occurrence in the OT that angels appeared to the freshly "enlightened" prophet
and told him what to do in future. The book of Matthew gives us no further information
about the things that happened in the wilderness between Jesus and the angels, it
simply says that they "ministered unto him" and that Jesus started to teach his new
message after this journey into the desert. The journey had changed him and had
obviously given him the knowledge he needed to become a prophet.

The main difference between the teachings of Jesus and those of the old prophets was
in the context of God's attitude toward the beings he created. The God of the OT was
violent, angry and furious. He commanded people to make war against other people.
The prophets of the OT delivered angry messages from God in exactly the same way.
They told the people that they should obey God or they would feel his wrath. His wrath
was shown many times in the OT, often in the form of divine violence with fire,
brimstone and entire landscapes turning into smoking furnaces. The God of the NT was
different. Jesus had to correct the old teachings, which made him a heretic to many
people.

The fifth book of Matthew gives us a good idea about how difficult a task it must have
been to correct the old messages. Jesus started many sentences with phrases like, "Ye
have heard that it hath been said by them of old time..." But who were "them of old
time" -- the normal people, the prophets, or even the old Gods who were responsible for
the former teachings about violence? Maybe "them of old time" were Elohim from an
earlier stage of the project, from 14 or 28 generations ago?

"Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth: But I
say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek,
turn to him the other also." (Matthew 5:38/39)

Above, a clear correction of an older message: the God of the OT told Moses to act
violently, to retaliate "an eye for an eye and tooth for a tooth," a simple message which
had been used to justify many wars in God's name. Now, in the NT, there is a new
teaching about love and forgiveness. Has God changed his mind completely? What has
happened? We would expect that God is not the kind of being who makes mistakes, yet
now it seems as if God had made a terrible mistake in the past and is now trying to
correct it with the help of a new prophet. If so, then God should also expect that
humans, who had been conditioned with the old message for a long time, would
consider such a radical change as heresy and that his prophet Jesus would be in
danger. But maybe part of the plan was to bring Jesus to danger?

"Ye do the deeds of your father. Then said they to him, We be not born of fornication;
we have one Father, even God." (John 8:41) "Ye are of your father the devil, and the
lusts of your father ye will do." (John 8:44)

In the interesting quotes above from the book of John, Jesus talks to the Jewish people
who mention the God of their forefathers, the God of Isaac and Abraham, as their
father. Jesus obviously refuses to accept this violent God as his God and calls him "the
devil." What does it mean? Was the God of the forefathers another God than the God of
the NT? Jesus' God is definitely different in his behavior, but until now we have
assumed that he is still the same being as in former times, who has simply changed his
mind -- but Jesus himself calls the former God "the devil"! That's very strange, isn't it?
The change of the agenda seemed to be so radical that it allowed a prophet not only to
correct divine messages but also to call the ancient God "the devil."

Jesus was married and had a life which is not mentioned in the Bible.

I would like to move to another topic and to a pretty strange quote which is more
important and interesting than we would think at first glance. As I have said, the books
of the NT are sometimes confusing concerning various aspects of Jesus life and the
miracles he performed. The following miracle is only mentioned in the book of John
(maybe for understandable reasons, as we will see later) as first miracle of Jesus.
Jesus Christ is usually considered a holy man who loved all people with the same love
(the love of God) and in traditional religious belief he had nothing like a private life.
Really? Read the following quote several times to see if you can determine the problem:

"And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee; and the mother of Jesus
was there: And both Jesus was called, and his disciples, to the marriage. And when
they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine. Jesus saith
unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? Mine hour is not yet come. His mother
saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do it." (John 2:1-5)
Jesus and his disciples were invited to a marriage in Cana for unknown reasons, which
by itself is quite normal, but while they were there, the mother of Jesus complained to
him that the guests had no wine. Why? It was usually the task of the bridegroom to
provide the guests with wine, so why did she ask Jesus, who was just another normal
guest? And why did Jesus reply with such an impolite answer, "Woman, what have I to
do with thee?" Despite Jesus' angry refusal, his mother ordered the servants to do what
he said. Again, why? She should also have been simply a guest at the marriage and
was definitely not in a position to give orders to the servants. Whatever the case, Jesus
then performed his first miracle and turned water into wine (if it was a real miracle and
not some kind of trick) and gave wine to the other guests. According to tradition, this
should clearly have been the task of the non-mentioned bridegroom and it would have
been a great dishonor to him when Jesus did it instead.

I think there is only one logical conclusion: Jesus was not simply a guest at the
marriage in Cana, he was the bridegroom and it was his marriage. But what about his
angry refusal to his mother, "What have it to do with thee? Mine hour is not yet come"?
This is indeed a problem. The story about the marriage doesn't appear in any other
book of the NT -- just in the book of John. Maybe it was a little embarrassing to show
the great Messiah as a married man, so the other writers decided not to mention this
wedding feast. John did mentioned it, but added the not very subtle impolite sentence,
"Mine hour is not yet come," to prevent any further discussion as to whether it was
Jesus' marriage or not. I think it was. Jesus' refusal makes no sense because directly
after he refused, he performed the miracle.

Are you convinced yet? No? Here's another quote from the same story:

"When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine, and knew not
whence it was: (but the servants which drew the water knew;) the governor of the feast
called the bridegroom, And saith unto him, Every man at the beginning doth set forth
good wine; and when men have well drunk, then that which is worse: but thou hast kept
the good wine until now." (John 2:9-10)

Earlier in the story, we were told that Jesus and his disciples gave the wine to the
guests, but now the ruler of the feast addresses the bridegroom as the wine supplier --
maybe because Jesus and the bridegroom were the same person...? This leaves one
question: Who was the bride? According to the books of the NT, there are only two
possible candidates: Mary Magdalena or Mary from Bethany (both names may indicate
the same woman). Certain apocryphal sources tell us that the love of Jesus for Mary
Magdalena was different than his love for other humans and that there may have been
a son or even sons of Jesus. Such dangerous and "heretical" stories aren't part of the
official bible, for obvious reasons. The book, "The Holy Blood and The Holy Grail," by
Michel Baigent, Richard Leigh and Henry Lincoln can give you more detailed
information about such theories. This source considers the term "Holy Grail" as a
symbol for Jesus' blood line.

Although this topic is unrelated to our thoughts about possible extraterrestrial influences
in our biblical past, it could still be used to show us that Jesus' life was not always as
the Bible wants us to believe. Many things in the OT and the NT may have been
radically different from what we believe today.

Jesus was not dead when he was taken from the cross.
                                The tomb of Yuz Asaf in India

A most interesting aspect of Jesus' life was his crucifixion and so-called resurrection
from the dead, which led to an unexpected and widespread expansion of the Christian
faith. We cannot be certain that spreading Christianity was the Elohim's ultimate
purpose (read my article on the Book of Revelation in Issue No 10 for more detailed
thoughts on this subject), but we can consider that if Jesus wasn't really dead, then the
resurrection was not the "ultimate miracle" that religions want us to believe.

The Bible says clearly that Jesus was resurrected in flesh and blood and not as any
kind of Angel or supernatural being. When the women arrived at Jesus' tomb, where his
body was supposed to be, the stone had been removed and Jesus was gone. One or
two bright angels (the books aren't clear on this) were there who told the women that
Jesus had returned to life. Subsequently, Jesus walked with his followers, he talked with
them, he ate with them, and was touched by them in order to prove that he was real and
human, yet he ascended into heaven after only a couple of days. Rarely had this ever
happened to past prophets, but it did happen to Enoch who, it was said, disappeared
from Earth and walked with God.

The famous Shroud of Turin could be an interesting piece of evidence concerning the
question of whether Jesus was really dead when he was taken from the cross. The
origin and authenticity of the Shroud is still controversial. Various skeptics think the
shroud is actually from the Middle Ages, possibly showing one of the leaders of the
Temple Knights, but such skeptics can't explain how the Shroud was made or how the
image of the crucified person was "burned" into the material without any traces of paint.
Let's just theoretically assume that the image really shows Jesus Christ and that the
Shroud was created with the use of some sort of technology (either accidentally or
intentionally). Let's have a look at the Shroud: we can clearly see a bearded man with
the wounds of a crucifixion. Interestingly, the wounds on the hands are in the right place
(on the wrist and not on the palm) and the Shroud shows stains of dried blood around
the wounds, which could indicate that the man was still alive when he was wrapped in
the Shroud, otherwise the wounds would have stopped bleeding. If Jesus was still alive
when he was taken from the cross and wrapped in the shroud, there would have been
no need for a resurrection from the dead, even though there was probably a need for
some advanced medical treatment.

Jesus ascended, but maybe not into heaven, and at least not forever.

According to traditional belief, Jesus disappeared from Earth when he walked with God,
but we have no proof of this. Former prophets like Ezekiel also "ascended" into heaven
(for example, in disc-shaped fiery clouds) but returned to Earth with messages after a
certain period of time had elapsed, so where is the proof that Jesus never returned?
There is in fact none. The ascent into heaven would have been a good show for the
humans -- and the Elohim loved good shows with fire and smoke -- but there is no proof
that Jesus stayed in heaven. Is there any proof that he returned?

In the Indian town Srinagar we can find a tomb with the name "Rauza Bal" which means
"Tomb of the Prophet." Inside the tomb there is a small stone sarcophagus and a
wooden plate (from more recent times) which says "Grave of Yuz Asaf." The tomb is in
front of a Muslim graveyard, but it's very likely the grave of a Jewish man, because the
sarcophagus is located in an east-west direction, as is common in the Jewish faith.
Moreover, if it were the tomb of a Muslim it would be located inside of the graveyard. So
who was the Prophet Yuz Asaf who is buried there?

According to legends, Yuz Asaf, which means "leader of those who recovered from the
wounds," came into the land of Radsha Gopadatta a long time ago. He is described as
a "king" and a very holy man with bright skin (compared to the Indian race) and clothing
who came from the West to India and started teaching his religion there. Some of his
teachings sound surprisingly similar to the teachings of the holy man who is known as
Jesus Christ today.

Were they the same person?

The legend of Yuz Asaf is very old and certainly goes back to the time of Jesus' life, so
is it too far-fetched to think that Yuz Asaf may have been Jesus Christ himself? Could it
have been Jesus, who was not dead but fully recovered from his wounds? Was it
Jesus, who may have "ascended" into heaven but came back to live the rest of his life
in India, where he is buried now? A Persian text describes Yuz Asaf´s homeland as
"Holy Land," which would also mean Palestine to the Muslims.

The tomb was examined by an archeologist a couple of years ago, who found a very
interesting piece of evidence in it: a stone plate with the carving of two large human feet
with holes (wounds?) in them. Might this carving be an illustration of the feet of a
crucified person? Does this carving show the feet of the Prophet Yuz Asaf who came
from the West and who is buried in this place? This is certainly not absolute proof that
Jesus Christ and Yuz Asaf were the same person, but nevertheless, it is an interesting
fact that should not be ignored.

So who was Jesus Christ, really? Was he a supernatural being created by the Holy
Ghost? Was he a hybrid being created by the extraterrestrial Elohim? Was he a man
who devoted his life completely to his beliefs, or was he perhaps a man with a wife and
a family we know nothing about? Was he a "Son" of the God of the OT or a "Son" of the
God of the NT and what is the real difference? Who was Yuz Asaf, the prophet from the
West, who died in India? And, finally, what is the truth about Jesus' resurrection and
ascent into heaven? The resurrection is one of the most important parts of the Christian
belief system, so many people would certainly deny that Jesus lived on after his
crucifixion, and could never accept the thought that he won't come to save our souls on
Judgment Day. These two beliefs alone led to such an enormous spread of Christianity
that they may be exactly what the Bible and probably someone else wants us to
believe. This is definitely something we should consider when we study these texts.

(Remark by Chris: in the following a comment by Angela Mogavero, who did the proof-
reading of this article)

COMMENTARY:

As a person who enjoys examining all sides of a question, I always enjoy Chris Pfeiler's
perspective on Biblical writings. He is not the first, nor will he be the last to question the
meaning behind the enigmatic writings in the Bible. In many ways, his questions add to
those already posed by Zecharia Sitchin in his Earth Chronicles book series. Sitchin
notes that many Old Testament writings are mere abbreviations of earlier Sumerian
texts. From a literal interpretation of these texts, he deduces that the Elohim were
visitors from another world whose scientists created various prototypes of man through
genetic engineering. In multiple attempts, they finally create a human "in their own
image and likeness," but without the benefit of their longevity.

In Pfeiler's series of articles interpreting Biblical texts, he also explores the possibility of
extraterrestrial involvement in our genetic creation and development. He calls this
"Project Mankind," with many parts, such as " The Adam Project," "Project Genetic
Separation" and "The Jesus Project." In addition to biblical writings, Pfeiler also utilizes
scientific research and recent discoveries to formulate the difficult questions about who,
what and why we are.

Indeed, the ruins of so many places described in the Bible have been located in recent
years that it is difficult to ignore the historical element of Biblical documents. However,
the pervasive editing of these texts over the centuries, for either political or social
reasons, has made interpretation difficult at best. One is left to wonder where the history
ends and the legend begins. Pfeiler stands on the precipice between history and legend
and fires off the questions which cut through to the heart of the matter. His questions
always make you think.

After all, if we were to voyage into the past with our technology intact, wouldn't we be
viewed as another race of "Gods"? Who can determine the actual meaning and intent of
the original documents without actually taking this voyage?

This month's article examines some of the mysteries surrounding Jesus the Christ.
Pfeiler uses Bible excerpts, apocryphal sources and other literature as well as evidence
from the Shroud of Turin and the discovery of an unusual tomb in India to ask some
thought-provoking questions. Who was this man, this prophet, this "Son of God" Jesus
in his own time and in his own culture?

Thank you, Chris, for another excellent article!

Sincerely,
Angela Mogavero
Editor, The IRAAP Messenger
www.iraap.org


Book Review -
THE PLEIADIAN MISSION - a Time of Awareness by Randolph Winters $20
Written by Kerry Marshall


Publisher: the Pleiades Project, PO Box 1270 , Rancho Mirage, California 92270
ISBN 1-885757-07-7

This is a "something for everyone" UFO book, covering ET contacts, ET philosophy, ET
technology & propulsion systems, Earth's spiritual state & history, and our own spiritual
development.

The central theme of the book is the story of Swiss contactee Billy Meier, who had
extensive contact with nordic-type ETs ( blonde-haired, blue eyed humans ) from
planets in the Pleiades star cluster, also known as the "Seven Stars" or "Seven Sisters",
in the constellation of Taurus. They chose him to disseminate knowledge about their
civilisation, and provided intimate and ongoing contact. The Swiss press initially showed
great interest and a group formed around Meier. Unfortunately, like so many groups,
internal conflicts occurred, due to the age-old problem of individual ego, and ultimately
the Pleiadeans withdrew, abandoning Meier, when they perceived he was not spiritually
developed enough to handle the group. So the story goes.

However, the book contains much more than the story of Meier and his group. There
are chapters on Earth's spiritual and human history, the Pleiadian account of Jesus, and
the Pleiadians' overriding emphasis of the need for all of us to become more spiritually
conscious through the sustained practice of meditation, with instructions for which are
included in some detail.

Then there are whole chapters for us physics and technology buffs, who are curious
about the way ET craft can transcend Einstein's speed of light limitation, and traverse
vast intergalactic distances between the Pleiades and Earth, without taking thousands
of years to do so. For anyone up on the latest theories of modern Physics, there is a
resonance between String theory ( modern Physics is reconciling Einstein's theory of
General Relativity with Quantum Mechanics through the idea that elementary particles
are actually vibrating filaments or "strings" ) and the Pleiadean propulsion systems.

String theory implies the revolutionary view that there are more than three dimensions
to the universe, but the additional dimensions are microscopically "rolled up" so we
don't ordinarily perceive them. The Pleaidian ships cross interstellar space by entering
an extra dimension, where time does not exist, and matter is transformed to "fine-matter
particles". The assertion is that, during this transition into a Star-Trek type "hyperspace"
not only is the enormous distance between Earth and the Pleiades crossed in a
timeless instant, but that the ship's occupants experience the original spiritual energy of
Creation itself, something they assert is essential for Earth people to experience,
without which we are forever caught in the realm of ego and intellect, and continue to
destroy our planet. Holding the ship correctly in this hyperspace is evidently a difficult
technology to master, and slight miscalculations can leave the travellers displaced in
time by millions of years. It is claimed that early pioneers of this technology are now lost
forever in time.

Interestingly, the Pleiadeans themselves are being taught by a more advanced race,
whose own science has discovered "galaxy canals" - shortcuts within galaxies
facilitating easy travel. ( But why use them? is it safer than changing dimensions....? )

Needless to say, the chapters on Pleiadean life show that their first priority is the
Ecosystem - their biosphere is considered sacrosanct, and their society deeply rooted in
environmental consciousness. ( What a contrast to here! I have just seen a week of
chaos here in the UK, with motorists desperate because they cannot drive their cars
whenever and wherever! )

One of the better UFO books, and well worth a read in my opinion.

Footnote:

Interestingly, I found this book originally in the UFO section of an alternative bookstore
on the US West Coast, which has now been forced to close down, by online bookstores
like amazon.com, (where the book is still available). It was one of the few books to hold
my interest in the whole UFO section, and illustrates what online bookstores are killing -
the ability to browse books, separating what is of interest to you from books which are
not of interest.

With the online bookstore, there is no way you can leaf through a book and decide if it is
something you really want; all you have is an online "review" - based on someone else's
opinion and taste ( as this review is! ), rather than your own.

(The Pleiadean Mission is available from Amazon.co.uk and Amazon.com)


FBI document of the month
Written by Christian Pfeiler
In the following again two interesting documents from my FBI archive, this time two
documents from the year 1952. Both letters were written to the FBI by worried U.S.
citizens and both documents deal with the origin of UFOs.

The explanations in the letters are rather ridiculous and I doubt that anyone in the FBI
took them serious, but such letters show us clearly that many people in the early 1950s
believed that UFOs were sent by another country or an unknown enemy (most likely the
"evil" communists) and that they were a danger for the United States. Such letters also
show us how little the people knew about the UFO phenomenon at that time.

I included the documents in the magazine because they are pretty funny but they are
also something we should think about, because we can at least say one thing for sure
today: UFOs didn´t come from Russia.
Visitations -- The Strange Experiences of Philip K. Dick in
the 1970s (2)
Written by Tessa B. Dick


                                 Philip K. Dick (1928 - 1982)

Remark by Chris: here is the second part of the article about the strange experiences of
author Philip K. Dick, written by his former wife Tessa B. Dick. As I already said last
time, many things in this article may sound very strange and quite unbelievable
(especially if you consider the events as real and not as imagination) but I try to keep an
open mind for everything and so should everyone who reads this article. Feel free to
send me your opinions about this article, even if they are sceptical.

The radio kept on playing, even when we turned it off, and even when we unplugged it.
Phil was seeing pink rectangles in the same proportion as the Golden Mean, a
geometric measurement that had religious significance for the ancient Greeks, and
which seems to be common in nature. So there we were, with the radio behaving
strangely and Phil having visions. Curiosity being one of my stronger suits, I decided to
investigate the vacant apartment next door, where the men had walked in with big metal
suitcases a week or so earlier. Phil, who usually avoided leaving the apartment, went
with me. We found a telephone on the kitchen counter of the apartment next door, and
we found recording equipment -- including a large, expensive reel-to-reel tape deck and
some boxes that looked like equalizers -- in the cupboards. These electronic gadgets
had been placed against the wall that our bedroom shared with the vacant apartment.

This discovery could explain the pink light and the sounds on the unplugged radio.
However, it did not explain why Phil heard a woman's voice telling him to die, while I
heard only insipid popular music. Perhaps it was Helen Reddy singing "You're So Vain",
or Linda Ronstadt singing "You're No Good", which led Phil to regard it as a personal
attack. This was the early 1970s, so those songs were brand new at the time.

Phil had one experience which has been described by a number of UFO abductees: on
the blank white ceiling he saw a series of literally thousands of colorful geometric
patterns, lasting several hours and seeming never to repeat a pattern. He said that
many of them resembled abstract paintings by Paul Klee and Wassily Kandinsky. This
reminded me of a mind-game that I used to play when I was very young. Mom insisted
that I take a nap every afternoon, but I simply was not tired. Lying in the darkened room,
I would try to picture the intricate pattern of the linoleum floor in our kitchen. It had
yellow dots on a green background. When I got the pattern right, the whole sheet of
imagined linoleum would slide off to the side, out of sight, and be replaced by a new
sheet of linoleum in a different pattern. After a few ours of practice, I got so good at
imagining patterns of line, shape and color that hundreds of imaginary sheets of
linoleum in a variety of patterns would fly past me, as if I were falling into an endless
cave filled with endless planes of dots, circles, lines, triangles, arcs, spirals and other
patterns of bright color.

Then strange things began to happen during the day. People who barely spoke English
began visiting us. One young man claimed to be a French doctoral student who was
writing his thesis on rock and roll music. Somehow, an interview with Phil seemed to be
essential to his degree. This Frenchman spoke passable English. He was accompanied
by another Frenchman who spoke only French and Spanish, and no English, except
when I took him to the local variety store and he managed to explain to the clerk that he
wanted a roll of film developed. Also with them was a Swedish woman who spoke
Swedish, French, German and English. They spent all day at our apartment, and we
even served them dinner. Other Europeans came to visit and interview Phil. Most came
from France, but some came from Austria. A student in Estonia was unable to come to
the US, but he wrote many letters asking questions, and Phil tried to answer all of them.
A man in Volgograd sent Phil some Russian classical music records, and Phil sent back
some American rock and roll records. This was before CDs, at a time when the 8-track
was dead but cassette tapes were of poor quality, so they exchanged v333 rpm vinyl
LPs.

Throughout this period, a Polish publisher spent months trying to persuade Phil to visit
Warsaw and make a public appearance there. The noted Polish writer Stanislaw Lem
had persuaded them to publish one of Phil's books, and they said that they could not
pay the royalties in any hard currency, so Phil would have to go to Poland and collect
his money in Polish zlotys, buy something there and bring it home. They assured him
that there was enough money to buy him a round-trip flight on Aeroflot, which would
accept the Polish currency. However, Phil never went there. In the end, he told them to
donate his royalties to the Warsaw Volunteer Fire Department, which is run by Catholic
monks. He had a strong sense of paranoia about Eastern Europe, which was not
entirely unjustified at the time. The Cold War was still raging, and we could be sure that
the authorities would investigate any contact that we had with the Soviet Union or any of
its satellites.

Then the "Xerox letter" came in the mail. Phil had suffered from extreme tension
headaches for three days, and every afternoon he ran down to the mail box, grabbed
our letters out of the box, and ran back up the stairs to our apartment as if a demon
were chasing him. On the third day, he handed me an envelope and said, "This is it!"
He firmly believed that something inside that envelope would kill him if he so much as
looked at it. He never did look at it. I opened the envelope, and inside I found a Xerox
copy of a newspaper article. Xerox machines were not common at that time, especially
in the Eastern European country where the envelope had been postmarked. I tried to
read it, but I found it disturbing. It was a book review, written in English, and some of the
words had been underlined with a ball-point pen. They were words like "deteriorate" and
"expire" and "decompose". Without my reading a single word aloud, and without his
ever seeing it himself, Phil simply knew that this letter contained what he called "die
messages". -- like the voice on the radio, it was telling him to die. How did he know?

According to Phil, his guardian angel warned him about the Xerox letter. More next
issue -- sleep well, if you can.
The Rendlesham Case
Written by Christian Pfeiler

One of the most fascinating UFO incidents of the last 20 years was certainly the
possible landing of a still unidentified object in the Rendlesham Forest near the RAF
Base Bentwaters and the USAF/NATO Base Woodbridge in Suffolk, UK in December
1980. There are over 20 reliable witnesses (most of them with military background) for
this case and there is no doubt that something very strange had really happened in this
forest. Some witnesses go even further and report about a so-called close encounter of
the third kind (about a meeting between the US Airforce and an extraterrestrial
intelligence in the Rendlesham Forest. It was claimed that such a meeting took place in
the second night) and about a possible cover-up of certain important parts of the
sighting.

Such claims are not really proven but it seems indeed that some documents, photos,
video footage and even parts of an audio tape recorded during the sighting are either
"missing" or censored. In the following now the official version of the Rendlesham Case
as it was described in the Airforce Memorandum written by Base Commander Lt. Col.
Charles Halt (the events reported in his Memorandum are maybe just a small part of the
whole incident.)

Various sceptics - including the notorious Phil Klaas - declared later that the "UFO" of
Rendlesham Forest was just a re-entry of a Russian satellite and/or the shine of the
light from a nearby lighthouse on the British coast (but how can a short satellite re-entry
be responsible for such a long sighting?) All eye-witnesses refuse to believe this simple
solution and say that there was something really strange that night outside in the forest,
something that was probably not from our planet. What it really was? Nobody knows.
Read the official version of the story and make your own opinion.

MEMORANDUM OF CHARLES I. HALT

Date: 13 Jan 81

Subject: Unexplained Lights
To: RAF/CC

1. Early in the morning of 27 Dec 80 (approximately 0300L), two USAF security police
patrolmen saw unusual lights outside the back gate at RAF Woodbridge. Thinking an
aircraft might have crashed or been forced down, they called for permission to go
outside the gate to investigate. The on-duty flight chief responded and allowed three
patrolmen to proceed on foot. The individuals reported seeing a strange glowing object
in the forest. The object was described as being metalic in appearance and triangular in
shape, approximately two to three meters across the base and approximately two
meters high. It illuminated the entire forest with a white light. The object itself had a
pulsing red light on top and a bank(s) of blue lights underneath. The object was
hovering or on legs. As the patrolmen approached the object, it maneuvered through
the trees and disappeared. At this time the animals on a nearby farm went into a frenzy.
The object was briefly sighted approximately an hour later near the back gate.
2. The next day, three depressions 1 1/2" deep and 7" in diameter were found where
the object had been sighted on the ground. The following night (29 December 80) the
area was checked for radiation. Beta/Gamma readings of 0. 1 rnilliroentgens were
recorded with peak readings in the three depressions and near the center of the triangle
formed by the depressions. A nearby tree had moderate (.-05 -.07) readings on the side
of the tree towards the depressions.

3. Later in the night a red sun-like light was seen trough the trees. It moved about and
pulsed. At one point it appeared to throw of glowing particles and then broke into five
separate white objects and then disappeared. Immediately thereafter, three star-like
objects were noticed in the sky, two objects to the north and one to the south, all of
which were about 10 degree off the horizon. The objects moved rapidly in sharp angular
 movements and displayed red, green and blue lights. The objects to the north
appeared to be elliptical trough an 8-12 power lens. They then turned into full circles.
The objects to the north remained in the sky for an hour or more. The object to the
south was visible for two or three hours and beamed down a stream of light from time to
time. Numerous individuals, including the undersigned, witnessed the activities in
paragraphs 2 and 3.

Charles I. Halt, Lt Col, USAF


The KRILL papers (Part 8)
Written by O. H. Krill (pseudonym)


                                The "Men in Black" - fact or fiction?

Remark by Chris: in the following you can read the eighth part of the so-called KRILL
papers, which claim to tell the truth about the backgrounds of the UFO phenomenon.
However, many claims and theories in this document are rather weird and in my opinion
completely fictional and unbelievable, but maybe there is a small true core. Read the
document and make your own opinion.

The "Taxonomy of Extra-Terrestrial Humanoids," another offering by George Andrews,
yields some other observations:
      Working under the instructions of the humanoids from Rigel (the Greys), CIA and
      former Nazi scientists have developed and deployed malignant strains of
      bacteria and viruses, including AIDS, in order to exterminate undesirable
      elements of the human population.
      The Greys are almost entirely devoid of emotions, but can obtain a "high" by
      telepathically tuning in the different kinds of intense human emotion, such as
      ecstasy or agony. (Does that explain why UFOs have always been seen in
      regions of war and human conflict?)
      There are over 1,000 humans in the United States alone who are the offspring of
      intergalactic or extragalactic beings and terrestrial humans. (The son of an
      acquaintance of [deleted in original] is one.)

      Throughout recorded history, as well as during prehistoric times, there has been
      constant genetic manipulation of and interbreeding with humans in order to breed
      out the less evolved simian traits. The Nordic races have participated in this from
      the beginning, and we are as much a part of them as we might suppose.
      Greys have the ability to camouflage themselves as tall Blonds through mental
      energy projection. Blonds never project themselves as Greys. Some Blonds seen
      with the Greys are physically real, but are prisoners of the Greys who have either
      paralyzed them or have destroyed their ability to teleport through time and other
      dimensions. Note: A lot of the material obtained by George Andrews has as its
      source a Blond that is a time traveler that escaped the Grey takeover of their
      system.
      Both Blonds and Greys have the ability to disintegrate matter into energy and
      then reintegrate the energy back into matter. This ability allows them to pass
      through walls and to transport abductees out of their cars with the doors still
      locked
      The original Rigelians were the Blonds until they were invaded by the Greys, a
      parasitic race, who took over and interbred with them. The original Rigelians
      were the ones who seeded the earth. It is because of this common ancestry that
      terrestrial humanity is of such interest to both the Blonds and the Greys.
      Terrestrial human females can be impregnated either on board ship or while they
      sleep in their homes. Males need not be manifested in visible form for this to
      occur. The Blonds now habitate the Procyon system. The conflict between the
      Blonds and the Greys is in a state of temporary truce, although the conflict
      between the Rigelian and the Sirius system is being fought actively.
      The Blonds with speech abilities will respond violently if attacked or threatened,
      but the telepathic ones will respond peacefully.
      Blonds were sometimes mistaken for angels in earlier centuries. They do not
      seem to age, and consistently appear to be from 27 to 35 human years old.

Confused? Well, now you can see why the natural diversity of the way things are are
hard to sort out for the average researcher. The probability that this information is true
or partially true remains fairly high, based on analysis of what we know about
abductions and general contact between humans and EBEs that has been documented.

Real Esoterica - Sirius and the MIB

Let's regress for a moment back to the MIB. According to John Keel, the MIB often state
that they are representatives of the "Nation of the Third Eye." Based on some of the info
we have already researched, it is apparent that Sirius has been in contact with us for a
long time. According to George Hunt Williamson (one of the early contactees) in his
book "Other Tongues, Other Flesh," the earth allies of Sirius, i.e., the secret societies,
use the Eye of Horus as an insignia. This symbol has also been seen on the MIB.
Secret societies believe that there is a Great White Lodge on earth. They call it
Shamballa and consider it to be the spiritual center of the world. Now, theosophists
such as Alice Bailey say that the Great White Lodge is on Sirius. If the All-Seeing-Eye is
a symbol of Sirius' earth-allies and the MIB wear that symbol, and if Shamballa
represents the Great White Lodge on earth -- then the MIB are emissaries of
Shamballa. Sirius and Shamballa are two sides of the same coin. This is verified in the
book "The Undiscovered Country," by Stephen Jenkins.

Jenkins was told by Buddhist priests that Shamballa was located in the constellation of
Orion. The entrance to Shamballa on earth is usually placed in the trans-Himalayan
region. Some assert it is in the heart of the Gobi Desert (where there have been
allegations of crashed disks and bases). According to the explorer Nicholas Roerich,
there are caves in the Himalayan foothills that have subterranean passages. In one of
the these passages, there is a stone door that has never been opened, because the
time for its opening has not yet arrived.In 1930, Doreal founded the Brotherhood of the
White Temple. He says that the entrance to Shamballa is far underground. he goes on
to say that space bends around Shamballa, and that there is a warp which leads into
another universe.

Let's get back to something we can have more of a direct handle on. Many times
psychics have been called upon by investigative authorities to evaluate situations, and
in many cases what they have contributed has been very helpful. This was done in the
case of animal mutilations back in 1980 by Peter Jordan, who engaged several
psychics to render their impressions from photos and maps of mutilations and mutilation
areas.

What follows is a condensation of what was found during this exercise.Name of
Psychic: Ronald Mangravite

      This animal has been dead a few days.
      Some parts are decaying faster than others.
      There is an overload of electrolytes in the body possibly due to injection of a
      citrate.
      Something wrong with blood. Picking up higher portion of plasma which may be
      lymphatic fluid.
      Two men working on the animal. Very sharp surgical knives.
      Men dressed in black. Jumpsuits. Shiny black nylon.
      Winch line coming down from chopper.
      Men are skilled ex-military.
      Something is going to be done with the tissue.
      Flurometry connection. Spectrophotometers.
      Choppers are brown or grey.
      Underground implications.
      Experimentation with different analytical techniques.

      (Part 9 will be published in the next issue)
Website tip of the month
Written by Christian Pfeiler

The website tip of this month is the alienhunter.org website. This site deals mainly with
the topics "Physical evidence for UFO encounters" and "Alien Implants". Both topics are
pretty controversial and I´m rather sceptical about some aspects, but I think the site is
nevertheless very interesting.

The URL of the site is

www.alienhunter.org

The site is still under construction, so some links may not work.


UFO photo of the month
Written by Christian Pfeiler


An interesting UFO photograph from 1942 (5 years before the modern age of UFO
sightings began). Masujiro Kiru was going through his father's photo album from the
China Campaign just before WWII when he found a photograph of a flying object. His
father, now deceased, had bought the picture from a Tientsien street photographer,
apparently right after it was taken. In the photograph one can see a low-domed disc-
shaped object approaching a few hundred feet above the heads of the people, many of
whom have stopped to look and some of whom are seen pointing up at the UFO.


THANKS TO ALL FOR READING THE FIFTEENTH ISSUE. EVERY COMMENT AND
CRITICISM TO THIS ISSUE IS WELCOME. IF YOU KNOW OTHER INTERESTED
PEOPLE AND POSSIBLE NEW READERS PLEASE TELL THEM TO CONTACT ME.

THE SIXTEENTH ISSUE WILL BE PUBLISHED ON FEBRUARY 10, 2001.
