{"created_utc": "2026-09-15T02:56:25Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 367900, "source_ctime_ns": 1788529805826412219, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/UFO-PSI-Magazine---Issue-14---2000.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788529805814560701, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/UFO-PSI-Magazine---Issue-14---2000.pdf", "source_sha256": "b21d6850c0eb2f905390aae40b9810a373e0675c23a34a09c2d8233e6e39e80c"}

Foreword
Written by Christian Pfeiler


Hello and welcome to the fourteenth issue of the magazine

It comes late, but it comes <g>. Sorry again for the delay - especially to all readers from
the online archive who haven´t read my first apology - but it was really impossible for
me to finish the magazine this month in time. Unfortunately, UFO research is not the
kind of job which you´re paid for (except you´re a famous author, an actor or an FBI
agent <g>) so all researchers have to do a normal job and to live a normal life and
sometimes there is too much to do in this normal life so that we don´t have enough time
for the UFO business (I think most of my colleagues will agree.) However, I´m a little bit
worried about the decrease of the number of pages and articles and also about the
decrease of the quality of my own articles. When I look back on previous issues, we had
sometimes over 30 pages and 14 or 15 articles from various contributers, but the last
two or three issues were pretty small with just a few articles. This is a pretty bad
development and I´ll try to do something against it.

To prevent the loss of quality and further delays in future, I´ve decided to stop
publishing the magazine every 4 weeks. From this issue on, the magazine will be
published every 6 weeks, so the next issue No 15 will be published on October 28,
2000. I think this is better for me and better for the contributers who will have more time
for their articles. Who knows, maybe we will have more contribution and feedback now.
However, feel free to tell me if you don´t agree with my 6-weeks-decision.

By the way, I will be in England from September 26 to September 30. I will be in and
around Southampton and for some hours on Tuesday and Saturday in London. Just let
me know if anyone wants to meet me there for a discussion about UFOs or about other
stuff (or if you want to offer me a job in England <g>). I think I´ll have plenty of time
during the day, so feel free to ask me if you live in this area or if you have a possibility to
come to Southampton.

But back to this issue: I´ve written a new article called "The Simplest Explanation" and I
tried to find the simplest and therefore correct explanation for the UFO phenomenon.
Read the article and let me know what you think. We have also a very interesting article
written by Tessa B. Dick about the very strange experiences of her former husband, the
famous scifi writer Philip K. Dick and we have a great article written by Ray Cecot.

Thanks to Tessa and Ray for their help and contribution.

Best wishes

Chris


Contents of this issue
1.) UFO related sentence of the month

2.) UFO Dictionary

3.) The Simplest Explanation

4.) Visitations - the Strange Experiences of Philip K. Dick

5.) Nothing to Fear but Fear itself

6.) FBI document of the month

7.) The KRILL papers (Part 7)

8.) Website tip of the month

9.) UFO photo of the month

10.) Mail Corner


UFO related sentence of the month
"Also, I believe it is very unwise to make public the locations of sightings as many folk
are prone to worry, and a state of mind like this is exactly what our enemy is seeking."

                                                                 From a letter to the FBI,
1952
UFO Dictionary
Written by Christian Pfeiler


Here is the tenth part of the UFO dictionary. In this issue I will try to explain some of the
special UFO words, terms and abbreviations starting with the letters "K" and "L".

Kingman Incident

A possible UFO crash and recovery took place 1953 near Kingman, Arizona. However,
the case is considered as a hoax by many researchers today.

Kirtland Air Force Base

An Air Force Base in Albuquerque and also home of the Sandia Laboratories which are
involved in secret weapon research projects of the U.S. government.

Lubbock

A town in Texas where a series of UFO sightings occured in 1951. The so-called
"Lubbock Lights" were later explained by sceptics as simple light reflections on the
clouds.

Lunar Transient Phenomena

A term describing unidentified lights sighted on the moon (usually inside craters.)

Langenargen Case

A famous German UFO case from 1977, involving a possible close encounter of the
third kind. Langenargen is the name of a town on German Lake Bodensee where the
sightings occured.


The Simplest Explanation
Written by Christian Pfeiler
                               Do UFOs come from outer space?

Some of you are maybe familiar with the term "Occam´s Razor". According to Paul
Dickson's "The Official Rules", the original Occam's Razor (named after William of
Occam, who said it in the 14th Century, so needless to say this is a translation) is
"Entities ought not to be multiplied except from necessity". This has been restated in
numerous ways, much as the original Murphy's Law has been modified to something
simpler, and the most common version

"The simplest explanation is probably the correct one"

is a simplification of the original (effectively applying Occam's Razor to itself); another
version is

"When two or more hypotheses serve to answer a theory, use the simplest"

When I read this explanation for the first time, I thought that it should be possible to use
this "rule" to find the correct explanation for the UFO mystery. When we have a look at
all the various explanations and theories during the last 60 years which try to explain
the UFO mystery, and if we try to delete those explanations which seem too far-fetched
or too unlikely, the remaining theory should be the simplest and, therefore, the correct
one. It should be the truth. But is it really that simple? Let´s try it.

The following is a list of the most common theories about the origin and nature of UFOs:

- UFOs are some kind of solid ships from outer space and piloted by extraterrestrial
beings.
- UFOs are some kind of solid ships coming from inside the earth and piloted by an
ancient human race.
- UFOs are some kind of solid ships coming from under water and piloted by an ancient
human race.
- UFOs are some kind of non-solid "projections" coming from another dimension.
- UFOs are some kind of non-solid "projections" coming from our own future
- UFOs are secret human/military flying devices.
- UFOs don´t exist; every object in the sky can be identified after a certain period of
time.
Which one of these theories is now the simplest, the most likely, the correct one? Let´s
have a closer look to try to find an answer.

UFOs are extraterrestrial ships from outer space

The most common theory, the so-called ETH (Extraterrestrial Hypothesis) is mainly
based on the fact that some observed UFOs seemed to accelerate with high speed into
the sky or into orbit, and that outer space seemed to be their destination and origin.
Furthermore, the first people who claimed to have met beings from inside the UFOs (in
the 1950s the contactees like George Adamski, later the abductees like Betty and
Barney Hill) also claimed that the "UFO pilots" had definetly confirmed that they really
come from outer space, usually from well-known star constellations like Sirius or Vega.

There were at least two major theories when the first modern UFO sightings occured in
the U.S. in 1947. The first theory was that UFOs are a secret weapon, most likely
Russian. The second theory was the above mentioned ETH, the idea that UFOs come
from outer space. This one became the favourite. especially when people noticed that
no human technology - neither American nor Russian - would be able to do such things
(e.g. extreme acceleration). The ETH was shown in various famous science fiction
movies in the early 1950s and more and more people started to consider the word UFO
as a synonym for an extraterrestrial spaceship. By the way, one of these early movies
was "The Day the Earth stood still" where we see an examination room and table inside
a circular UFO. Many sceptics later said that some of the stories about certain
abductees are just "copies" of what they saw in this and other movies. The role of
"Flying Saucer" movies in the early 1950s is a difficult one and it´s not easy to say
whether the reality copied the movies or the movies copied the reality (in order to make
UFOs seem like science fiction?)

Whatever, the ETH is clearly a product of the 20th century - undoubtedly a product of
reality and of fiction. It may answer some questions but the theory itself is pretty
incomplete and leaves many questions partly or fully unanswered, such as:

      "If UFOs really come from outer space, how are they able to travel the
      tremendous intergalactic distances against all physical laws. How can they
      produce the large amount of energy which would be necessary for intergalactic
      travel?"
      "If UFOs really come from outer space, why have they been visiting Earth for
      thousands of years? What do they want, what kind of project could justify such a
      long-time-examination?"
      "If UFOs really come from outer space, why do people describe so many kinds of
      UFOs and also so many different kinds of beings. How many races visit Earth,
      and again why and since when?"
      "If UFOs are really solid spaceships, why do they behave sometimes more like
      ghosts or projections?"
      "Why do the extraterrestrials often claim to come from well-known star
      constellations like Sirius or Vega? Why do they tell such weird stories to the
      contactees/abductees?"

You see, even the famous ETH does not seem to be the simplest explanation, because
it leaves too many questions unanswered, and it can´t explain many of the cases.
However, some corrections and additions - like the idea that the human species was
created by extraterrestrials - could help to answer some of the above mentioned
questions, but the ETH in its current form is unable to explain the UFO phenomenon
completely and satisfactorily.

UFOs belong to an advanced species living on our own planet

This explanation includes the theories which see the origin of UFOs either under the
earth, beyond the sea, or hidden somewhere in remote regions of our own planet (like
the polar regions.) It also includes the strange theory that there is a Hollow Earth and a
second Sun inside our planet. The beings inside the UFOs in such theories aren´t
extraterrestrials from outer space, but either advanced human beings belonging to a
million year old race of people or non-human reptilian beings which have evolved from
the dinosaurs and which are usually hostile against the human species.

The theory that there is a Hollow Earth is indeed pretty ridiculous and mainly based on
simple legends and a few pseudo-proofs without any real meaning. To give you a short
example: when you ask such strong believers how the sun inside the earth should be
able to produce light and heat by fusion with such a small mass, they reply that the
inner sun isn´t made of hot gas but of crystal (by the way, all stars in the universe are
made of crystal and the scientists and astronomers lie to us - at least according to such
theories.) Another possibility would be, that there is no real Hollow Earth but just some
very large caves or caverns, and that advanced races live there in subterranean towns
and the UFOs come from there (according to some famous legends, major
subterranean sites can be found under Mount Shasta in the U.S. and under the entire
Himalaja Mountains in Asia.) However, I already mentioned my doubts about such
stories in my sceptical comment about the "Lacerta File". If there would be really such
large caves at such a depth, the weight of the stone above would undoubtedly crush
them.

The theory that UFOs come from beyond the sea is also without any proof, but we have
at least some interesting incidents where UFOs were observed while either diving into
the ocean or appearing from there and flying up into the sky, so this theory can´t be
dismissed completely. Maybe there are really UFO bases beyond the sea but nobody
can say whether these bases were built by some ancient human race (like the
civilizations of Atlantis or Mu or of some other well known lost continent as some
legends claim) or by extraterrestrials who simply hide beneath the sea, so we are again
back to the ETH and to the old problems and questions connected with this hypothesis
(see above.)

However, the assumption that UFOs belong to a species which is native to our own
planet would be able to answer one important question, namely "Why have UFOs been
observing us for such a long time?" because the simple answer would be "They don´t
observe us, we just live by pure chance on the same planet." But this theory is again
unable to answer an awful lot of questions connected with the phenomenon and
especially the many scientific errors and weird claims which make the theory rather
unbelievable for many serious researchers, except for a couple of very strong believers.
We can say one thing for sure: it is definetly not the simplest and most likely
explanation.
                           Or do UFOs come from beyond the sea?

UFOs are non-solid projections

This explanation includes the theories which see the origin of UFOs either in another
dimension or in our own future. UFOs are considered in this theory not as solid objects
made of metal or some other material, but as some kind of non-solid and "holographic"
projections which are not really part of our reality. The beings inside the UFOs are also
not extraterrestrials, but either entities from another dimension or humans from the
distant future (the "Grey" species as an advanced stage of human evolution?)

This is a pretty interesting theory and it´s not as far-fetched as it may first seem. We
have indeed some strange cases where UFOs and even "alien beings" appear as non-
solid or ghost-like appearances, and where witnesses walk straight through nebulous
UFOs or beings (the UFO sightings in the British Warminster area in the 1960s are a
good example). We also have cases where UFOs seem to enter our world through
some kind of "gate" or "black hole" in the sky. In addition, such a theory could also
explain why UFOs are able to behave contrary to all physical laws, because as
projections they wouldn´t be part of our world and our system of physical laws. And it
would again answer the question "Why have UFOs been observing us for such a long
time" because as dimension- or timetravellers, UFOs would be able to appear not only
wherever they want but also whenever they want.

However, this theory also has its problems. When UFOs are projections from other
dimensions or from the future, why do they appear in so many forms, why do people
describe so many kinds of beings, why are some UFOs definetly made of metal or
another solid material which leeave traces on the ground. Why do they bother to fly
around our planet if they are able to "appear" at certain times and places whenever they
want? What about the physical and logical problems inherent in timetravelling
(paradox)? Finally, why do people claim that beings from inside UFOs told them that
they come from outer space? The theory is again not perfect and it´s also not the
simplest explanation, especially because of the tremendous scientific problems inherent
in the assumption that interdimensional travel is really possible.

UFOs are secret but human/military flying objects

This is a theory which assumes that nearly every sighted UFO is a flying object which
belongs to the military of some country (a skeptical approach). It seems to be
"unidentified" for the normal witness, but is, in fact, something from our own planet,
manufactured by humans without any involvement of alien forces.

Many UFO sightings in the 1950s were later identified by the Air Force as sightings of
secret U.S. spy planes which were tested in the Southwest of America without the
knowledge of the people in this area. Even today many people mistake military
operations as UFO activity (especially people who "want to believe" everything). The
famous "Area 51" in Nevada is a good example, because many test planes like the
mysterious "Aurora" or the Stealth Bomber can be seen in the sky over the test site as
well as normal jet planes with unusual lights during maneuver operations or green and
yellow lightflares and so on. Many inexperienced visitors mistake such objects as
UFOs, often "confirmed" by self-styled local guides who want to make easy money from
such believers.

Unusual military operations or secret flights of new test planes have always been a
source for UFO sightings and many believers often refuse to accept simple
explanations, but prefer to see extraterrestrial or interdimensional "ships" in the sky. But
can this really explain everything? Can it explain UFO sightings where UFOs behaved
contrary to all physical laws? Can it explain sightings in former times? Can it explain
sightings in areas where it seems to be very unlikely that secret military planes or other
projects are responsible (like the triangle UFO sightings in Belgium 1990). Can it
explain the entire abduction phenomena? No, it can´t. Some per centage of UFO
sightings (even of the officially unidentified) can be explained with secret military flying
objects, but definetly not all.

UFOs don´t exist

This sounds, at first, similar to the last theory but it´s not exactly the same. If we
assume that UFOs don´t really exist, that they are a product of science-fiction-writers
and "crazy believers", we must also assume that every sighting is explainable
somehow. This involves not only secret military planes, but everything that can be
mistaken for a UFO. UFOs are not mysterious objects but merely comets, planets,
shooting stars, weather balloons, light reflexions, strange weather phenomena, lightning
and, last but not least, simple hoaxes (to give just a few examples.)

To say it in the words of the sceptics: UFO means simply "Unidentified Flying Object"
and this term has nothing to do with any unscientific theory involving extraterrestrials or
timetravellers or some other "crazy" stuff. UFOs are maybe unidentified for a certain
period of time, but they will sooner or later be identified as something normal and
explainable. There was no UFO mystery, there is no UFO mystery, thus every other
explanation is completely senseless.

Are they right? Can everything be explained in this way? All the thousands of sightings
by both, inexperienced and experienced witnesses (like pilots or astronomers), all the
photos, films, physical traces? Are all UFOs simple misidentifications? I think we can
clearly say "No".

Conclusions

To come to an end: which one of all these theories is now the simplest and according to
"Occam´s Razor" the correct one? Are UFOs extraterrestrial ships, flying devices of an
advanced human civilization, interdimensional or intertemporal projections or are UFOs
a simple myth created by some wacky believers?

Most of the sceptics would say that the last explanation is definetly the simplest and,
therefore, the correct one, because it conforms with our scientific view of the world. But
is this true? We must ask: what are the criteria for "Occam´s Razor", what are our
criteria for simplicity? Is the most simple explanation always the explanation which
conforms with our science? Is the most simple explanation always the explanation
which most of us would like to hear?

Each of the above mentioned theories has its advantages and disadvantages, and not
even the ETH can give us a complete explanation of the entire phenomenon. Maybe the
final truth about UFOs will contain parts of not just one, but of several theories, maybe
also of some we haven´t discovered yet.

Which one is the simplest, the most likely, the correct explanation? Not even
"Occam´s Razor" can help us solve the UFO mystery, at least not with our current
knowledge. The only thing we can do is to continue with our research, to add new
knowledge to old theories, and to find new theories. As long as we do this, there is hope
in finding the correct explanation - the truth - one day. As a final thought: maybe the
correct explanation is so simple that we don´t see it? That´s something we should think
about.


Visitations -- The Strange Experiences of Philip K. Dick in
the 1970s
Written by Tessa B. Dick


                                  Philip K. Dick (1928 - 1982)

Remark by Chris: in the following you can read an article about the very strange
experiences of author Philip K. Dick. The article was written by his former wife Tessa B.
Dick and sounds rather unbelievable. Some of you will certainly think that such a
strange and bizarre story can´t be true and even I had such sceptical thoughts when I
read it for the first time. However, I´m not familiar with the case and thus I can´t say
whether these things have really happened or not or whether they have happened in
reality or just in imagination. To be honest, I´m rather sceptical, but I´ve read it with an
open mind and I´m looking forward to further parts. Feel free to send me your opinions
about this article.
Personally, I´ve found the part about the electromagnetic influences very interesting but
it´s too early and I have not enough information to theorize already now. When I asked
the author if there were any powerful transmitters near to the apartment, she said that
there was just a student radio station with very little power, so I think there was no
strong electromagnetic pollution which could explain certain phenomena (for example
by use of Albert Buddens theories.)

"Am I crazy?" I can't even count the number of times Phil asked me that question. I
always figured that he probably wasn't crazy, as long as he could ask that question.
Others were not so kind. I've kept silent for almost twenty years because I don't like
being regarded as a "crazy". Besides, most people won't even listen. Yet the
experiences that I shared with my late husband, SF writer Philip K. Dick, have
continued to haunt me. Many self-styled experts (who met him only once and spent less
than one hour with him), and even a few of his close friends, have dismissed Phil's
experiences as the ravings of a madman, saying that he was manic-depressive--as if
that explained everything, or as if it explained anything at all. Phil might have been
bipolar (the current term for manic-depressive), but that does not explain the visitations
that we experienced in the mid-1970s and early 1980s. At this point, the skeptics fall
back on the idea of co-dependence, or folie a deux, which basically states that I caught
the madness from Phil in the same way that one catches a cold. This does not explain
anything, either.

For one thing, I had similar experiences before I ever met Phil, and he had similar
experiences before he ever met me. In addition, we had some physical evidence of the
strange phenomena that happened in and around our apartment in southern California
in 1974 and 1975. For example, one afternoon a yellow van pulled up and parked in
front of our apartment complex one, and three men in gray overalls stepped out of the
van and went into the vacant apartment next door to ours. They carried large metal
suitcases, spent about an hour in the empty apartment, and then emerged with the
same metal suitcases and left in the same yellow van. Several weeks later we found the
door to that apartment open, so we went inside.We found a working telephone in the
kitchen, and some kind of electronic equipment which had been set up inside the hall
closet. Perhaps this does not have anything to do with UFOs, but then again, maybe it
does.

Our radio had been behaving strangely. Sometimes it came on when we were sure that
we had turned it off, and several times we could still hear it, even after we unplugged it.
I couldn't make out what the radio was saying, but Phil was certain that it was telling
him that he was a horrible person and he should kill himself. Strange electrical
phenomena occurred all the time in our apartment. Strange people seemed to be
keeping us under surveillance. Strange voices spoke to us.

All the while, we were trying to put the finishing touches on Phil's novel, A Scanner
Darkly. It was based on split-brain research, which showed that the two hemispheres of
the brain, left and right, are capable of acting as independent persons. In patients who
had the corpus callosum severed in order to alleviate severe epilepsy, these two
"persons" often had no knowledge of each other's activities. The corpus callosum is the
communications center which allows the analytical left hemisphere to consult with the
intuitive right hemisphere when observing the environment, analyzing data, and making
decisions. The title of the novel comes from St. Paul, who wrote, "For now we see
through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know
even as also I am known" (1 Corinthians 13:12, King James Version). To elucidate,
"through a glass, darkly" may also be translated "through a mirror, in a mystery". The
protagonist of the novel, a police detective named Bob Arctor, uses scanning devices to
conduct surveillance on suspects. When he sees his own image "reflected" in the
scanner, he does not recognize himself.

Now, after this brief side-trip, let's get back to the mysterious events. Phil became
suddenly ill and did not get better. At one point, when Phil insisted that he wanted the
last rites, I called the local Episcopal priest, who came to the house and gave him a
healing unction. When Phil finally went to the doctor, he learned that his blood pressure
was dangerously high. Several months later, he was hospitalized for several days while
they tried to bring his blood pressure down to a safer level. He suffered from
hypertension for many years, and this condition had prevented him from participating in
the Korean conflict in the 1950s. In the midst of his illness, Phil had a healing vision. He
was lying in bed, staring at the blank white wall, when a rectangle of bright pink light
appeared on the wall. It opened like a doorway, and our recently deceased cat stepped
through the door and into the room. Our cat, Pinky, was walking upright on his hind
legs. He stepped around to the side of the bed and patted Phil reassuringly on the
shoulder. Then Pinky stepped back out through the doorway, and the luminous pink
rectangle faded, shrank and disappeared.

This could have been the fevered vision of illness, or the hallucination of insanity, but
then subsequent events made it seem more like a meaningful coincidence of the sort
that C.G. Jung discusses in his writing about synchronicity. About two weeks later, in
the course of an argument about something trivial (which I do not remember), Phil
picked up a small seashell and threw it against the wall. I remember thinking it odd that I
heard the sound of the shell breaking before I saw it hit the wall. The sound that I heard
was actually Phil's shoulder dislocating. It was the same shoulder which Pinky had
patted when he appeared through the pink doorway.

We began to catch brief glimpses, at the edges of our peripheral vision, of people in our
apartment. They were strange-looking people, with small chins and long foreheads, like
the famous Egyptian busts of Akhenaton and Nephretiti. Akhenaton was the pharaoh
who introduced the worship on one God into Egypt. Phil began to lapse into a Christian
heresy, a sort of dualism. He believed some of the ideas found in Manichaeism, as well
as some ideas of his own. Basically, this heresy states that there are two gods--a good
god and an evil god--and that the evil god made us, but the good god is trying to save
us. As a scientific agnostic, I had little objection to his seemingly irrelevant detour.
Meanwhile, the people began talking to us. Phil thought that they could tell him the
secrets of the universe. I was hoping that they could explain the implant in my spine.

Since my early teens, I have had a small metallic sliver in my lumbar spine. I don't know
how it got there, or whether it serves any purpose. I don't want it removed because of
the obvious risks of surgery on one's spine, and besides, it doesn't give me any trouble.
What does trouble me is that I knew about it before I ever had any X-rays of that area of
my body. In fact, I remember many strange things from childhood, such as people
visiting me when I was alone in my room, taking me for rides on space ships, giving me
tests, and teaching me things. I have always remembered these things, and I have
never had any help form a hypnotist. However, I have a strong feeling that I am not
supposed to remember, and when I try to describe these experiences to other people,
something stops me.
I do not believe that I was abducted by space aliens. In fact, I believe that the US
government did a secret study of me and about a dozen other second-graders,
beginning in 1961. Farragut Elementary School in Culver city, California. was
designated experimental in 1961, as part of President Kennedy's education agenda.
Fourteen second-graders, including me, were put into a combination class with third-
graders. I remember almost nothing about the entire school year, except that every day
we would be sent out of the classroom and into the school auditorium for an hour or
two. I don't remember what happened there. I do get bits and pieces of it in dreams
from time to time, but they don't make much sense. I can tell you the names of all my
teachers from Kindergarten through the sixth grade, except the name of my second-
grade teacher. I can name all of the girls in my Scout troop, plus many of my fellow
students in elementary school. But I cannot tell you about the second grade. All I know
for sure is that we learned to say "bon jour" and to count to ten in French, and that I
failed arithmetic. When several of our families moved across town, he principal from our
school was transferred across town to Culver Elementary (now named Lynne E. Howe
Elementary, after the same principal), and our new school was designated
experimental.

Phil had been one of the subjects in a famous longitudinal study of gifted children that
was conducted by university psychologists. They lost track of him when he was a young
adult, and he was quite happy to be out of the study. But the study that was conducted
on me and my classmates was of a different nature. For one thing, it was clandestine.
For another, it had something to do with long-distance space travel on huge ships with
large crews, at the time when the Mercury program was just beginning to send men up
into space, one at a time, for a few hours at the most.

So it seemed quite normal to me, in the 1970s, that alien people should come down and
visit us in our apartment in southern California.

That's all for now. More next month.


Nothing To Fear But Fear Itself
Written by Ray Cecot (ray@iraap.org, www.iraap.org)


Investigating anomalous flying objects (UFOs) has an extremely important aspect
attached to it, one that is so crucial it is essential before any investigation can begin.
The witness must be willing to tell the investigator what was observed; in other words,
file a simple report. As basic as this seems, it is very often the stumbling block to
pursuing a sighting which may have tremendous potential.

Over the last couple of months I had two instances where friends told me they knew
someone who had a recent sighting. In each instance, after hearing what was seen, I
asked if they would be kind enough to contact the individuals involved, give them my
phone number (and/or business card) and ask them to give me a call. I insisted that the
witnesses be told "all information will be held in the strictest confidence." Unfortunately,
I never received the awaited phone call.

After more than fifty years of UFOs being officially reported in this country, there is still a
high degree of ridicule attached to the phenomenon. The ridicule is, more often than
not, imaginary, yet this doesn't deter a witness from not reporting what was seen. With
more UFOs being observed worldwide than ever before, one would think that we should
have overcome the "laugh-ability factor" a long time ago. We have not.

Something in the human makeup has taught us to feel comfortable in our beliefs and
resist change at all costs. This concept hasn't fluctuated much as far back as man has
been keeping records. Paradigms (or ways of thinking on a particular subject) are
difficult to break. Galileo encountered this with the revolutionary (but factual) theory that
the earth revolves around the sun. On a lesser scale, The Wright brothers were
exposed to ridicule every time one of their "airplanes" failed. "If man was meant to fly,
he'd have wings." And of course we need to remember the once widely accepted notion
that the world was flat, and if one sailed too far from the sight of land it would mean
utter destruction.

Today we are faced with the new paradigm that we earthlings are not the only intelligent
life in the universe. The old argument is the same as with any degree of non-
acceptance of a new idea: the other planets in our solar system are not hospitable to
life. This is one statement that is often used to refute the possibility of life. Yet, my
original statement was based on the "universe" and not limited to our solar system.
Those who resist change will often argue from a very particular point of view . . . in this
case the solar system. It may very well be true that intelligent life would find difficulty
existing on one of our nine planets other than Earth. However, the same argument
doesn't hold when we expand the possibility to ANYWHERE in the universe.

The other argument which is commonly used is "If there is intelligent life out there, it
couldn't possibly get here from there. The distance is just too great." Again, the
assumption that we know all the physics there is to know, and we possess all the
knowledge in the universe. It is refreshing to recall that this statement comes from
scientists who told us a few years ago that eating eggs is bad for us. Today the same
scientists say they may have been wrong and eggs are OK, as long as we don't overdo
it. Of course, the point is we really don't have all the answers, and just because our
present way of thinking tells us that extreme distances in space travel are impossible,
that doesn't make it so, in actuality.

With the Hubble telescope exposing our eyes to billions of galaxies we have never seen
before, and each of those galaxies containing billions of stars of various sizes, the
possibility of no other life except that on earth becomes ludicrous. Further, life on earth
is relatively young. If life existed "out there" thousands, millions or even billions of years
before us, the possibility becomes more tenable that intelligence exists greater than we
can imagine.

Herein lies the rub. We humans see ourselves from an extremely narcissistic point of
view. We believe that we are not only the epitome of creation, but also the most
intelligent. We can't see anything except our own reflection. Unfortunately, what we may
believe to be true stands in the way of our arriving at what may be reality.
Change involves fear of the unknown. Fear must also be dealt with in some way as we
resist the change ... the change that makes us uncomfortable. One way to resist change
and deal with our fears is to laugh at anything new. Ridicule is a powerful tools in
keeping things status quo. What better way to resist the concept of extraterrestrial
intelligence, aliens, UFOs, than to laugh at those who claim to have seen these
otherworldly entities and objects. It seems to be working well, for as I stated previously,
it still keeps witnesses from reporting anomalous events and consequently hindering
investigation.

Truth will always prevail. Although there are many witnesses who remain silent out of
fear, there are many who are able to conquer their anxiety and report what they have
seen, regardless of consequences. If extraterrestrials are visiting us, concealing the
evidence will not change that fact, anymore than ignoring an illness will make it go
away. Sometimes we must face truth square in the face ... stand eye to eye with what
seems impossible, and accept what may very well be not only possible, but probable.
UFOs are the next challenge. They are the modern day paradigm shift which must be
dealt with in a positive manner without fear of reprisal. As investigators seeking the
truth, it is important that we help dispel the fears in reporting anything unusual.

Let us become worthy of the public trust. Let us respect the witness and seek the truth.


FBI document of the month
Written by Christian Pfeiler

In the following two funny documents from my FBI archive. The first document is from
July 11, 1947 and reports about a flying saucer with a "buzzing" machinery which had
ostensibly landed in Laurel, Maryland. The second memorandum from July 12 identifies
the so-called saucer as an obvious hoax. Not a thrilling UFO mystery story, but amusing
to read <g>.
The KRILL papers (Part 7)
Written by O.H. Krill (pseudonym)


                                Alien anatomy - or just a fake?

Remark by Chris: in the following text you can again read some "true" information from
the KRILL papers, this time about the mysterious Men in Black and about the
physiology and anatomy of the Grey species. You know my usual comment: the story is
rather weird and difficult to believe, but maybe there is a small true core. Please make
your own opinion. By the way, the Maury Island case which is mentioned in the text as
real UFO incident was most likely a hoax.

The Men in Black

All things considered, UFO research has become pretty much of a circus today, and the
most intriguing and controversial sideshow skirting the edges is the question of the
"silencers," or the mysterious "Men in Black." There is a strong subliminal appeal in
these accounts of visits by mysterious dark-suited figures (I have been visited myself,
as have others I've known) attempting to silence UFO witnesses. A typical situation
would be that a witness has a UFO sighting or UFO-related experience. Shortly
thereafter he is visited by one or more "odd"-looking men who relate to him the minutest
details of his experience, even though he has as yet told no one for fear of ridicule or
other reasons. The men warn him about spreading the story of his experience around
and sometimes even threaten him personally, sometimes obliquely, sometimes directly.
Any evidence, if it exists, is confiscated in one way or another. Sometimes the visit is for
some totally meaningless reason and the subject of UFOs is hardly mentioned, if at all.
But again, the men all seem to look alike.

We actually seem to find ourselves in close proximity to beings who obviously must be
directly connected in some way with the objects themselves or the source behind them,
yet they seem to be functioning unobtrusively within the framework of our own everyday
existence. The classic conception of an MIB is a man of indefinite age, medium height
and dressed completely in black. He always has a black hat and often a black turtleneck
sweater. They present an appearance often described as "strange" or "odd." They
speak in a dull monotone voice, "like a computer," and are dark-complected with high
cheekbones, thin lips, pointed chin, and eyes that are mildly slanted. The visitors
themselves are often on absurd missions. They have reportedly posed as salesmen,
telephone repairmen or representatives from official or unofficial organizations. Their
mode of transportation is usually large and expensive cars -- Buicks or Lincolns,
sometimes Cadillacs, all black, of course. I might note at this point that their physical
appearance also has included beings that have pale-greyish skin, and that some of
them have been seen to have blond hair, yet they wear the clothing and drive the cars
previously described.

Their cars often operate with the headlights off, but ghostly purple or greenish glows
illuminate the interior. Unusual insignia have been seen emblazoned on the doors and
the license plates are always unidentifiable or untraceable. The fabric of their clothes
has been described as strangely "shiny" or thin, but not silky -- almost as if they have
been cut from a new type of fabric. Their often mechanical behavior has caused them to
be described by some as being like robots or androids (think back to the Dulce lab). A
lot of descriptions of some of these "folks" are pretty bizarre. A businessman's family in
Wildwood, New Jersey, was visited by an unusually large man whose pants legs hiked
up when he sat down, revealing a green wire grafted onto his skin and running up his
leg. There are other cases of MIB appearing on the other side of a wet, muddy field
after a heavy rain, but having no mud whatever on their brightly shined shoes and in the
bitter cold, out of nowhere, wearing only a thin coat. Their shoes and wallets all seem
new and hardly broken in. They are not alone. They seem to have faceless conspirators
in the nation's post offices and phone companies. Researchers and witnesses often
report their mail going astray at an unusually high rate and being bothered by bizarre
phone calls where they are spoken to by metallic, unhuman-sounding voices. Unusual
noises on the phone, intensifying whenever UFOs are mentioned, and voices breaking
in on conversations, have all led many people to suspect that their phones are being
tapped.

One can't discuss the MIB for long without mentioning the name of John A. Keel, an
author who has written much about them. Keel has done more than any other writer to
publicize this bizarre aspect of the UFO situation. Keel suggests that the UFO are part
of the environment itself and come from another time-space continua; that most of the
UFO phenomena is psychic and psychological rather than physical. Well, I personally
would not define it that way, although those two components are certainly deeply
involved in what's going on. The first noted appearance of the MIB was in 1947, at the
scene of the Maury Island incident, where some debris was ejected from a disk, and
subsequently recovered by officials, who loaded them on an Army bomber which
crashed on takeoff. To illustrate a little how bizarre some of the incidents are regarding
the MIB, I have assembled a short list of some of the more interesting factors in some
cases:

      An ex-Air Force man is gassed and interrogated by MIB after he has learned
      classified NASA secrets.
      Closeup photos of UFOs were seized from a teenager who is also directly
      threatened by MIB.
      MIB sighted in the lobby of the U.S. State Department leave a mysterious
      artifact.
      MIB pose as Air Force officers to silence witnesses.
      MIB tries to buy before-hours Coke and sings to birds in trees.
      MIB disintegrates a coin in a witness' hand and tells him that his heart will do the
      same if he talks

Throughout all this information, I have neglected to mention some aspects of the
psychology of the Greys. Dr. Paul Bennewitz, in his original report to the government
entitled "Project Beta," goes into some detail, which I will now discuss:
       The alien, either through evolvement or because the humanoid types are
       "made," will exhibit tendencies for bad logic.
       They appear to have more frailties and weaknesses than the normal Homo
       Sapien.
       They are not to be trusted.

Because of the aliens' apparent logic system, a key decision cannot be made without
higher clearance. All are under control of what they call "The Keeper," yet it would
appear that even this is not the final authority. Delays as long as 12-15 hours can occur
 for a decision. Because of this apparent control, individual instantaneous decision-
making by the alien is limited. If the "plan" goes even slightly out of balance or context,
they become confused. Faced with this, possibly, the humanoids would be the first to
run.

       Psychologically their morale is near disintegration. There is pronounced
       dissension in the ranks -- even with the humanoids.
       Because of their own internal vulnerability mind-wise to each other, there is a
       basic lack of trust between them.
       They appear to be totally death-oriented, and because of this, absolutely death-
       fear oriented. This is a psychological advantage.
       The prime, and weakest area discovered, probed and tested is exactly what they
       have used, thinking it their key strength - that being the manipulation of and
       control of the mind. Manipulated in reverse-psychology they face a situation
       where they have a vulnerable, integrated weakness.
       They totally respect force.

Grey Physiology and Anatomy

The approximate height of most specimens is between 3.5 and 4.5 feet. The head, by
human standards, is large in comparison with the body. Facial features show a pair of
eyes described as large, sunken or deeply set, far apart or distended more than the
human, and slightly slanted as Oriental or Mongoloid. No ear lobes or apertures on the
side of the head were seen. The nose is vague. One or tow holes have been
mentioned. The mouth area is described as a small slit or fissure. In some cases there
is no mouth at all. It appears not to function as a means for communication or for food.
The neck area is described as being thin, in some instances not being visible at all
because of the tightly-knit garment. Most observers describe these humanoids as being
hairless. Some of the bodies recovered have a slight hair-patch atop the head. Others
have what appears to be like a silver skullcap. There were no breathing attachments or
communications devices. This suggests telepathy with higher intelligence.

In one instance there was an opening in the right frontal lobe area, revealing a
crystalline network. This network implies the development of a third brain. The arms are
described as long and thin, reaching down to the knee section. The hangers each
contain four fingers, with no thumbs. Three fingers are longer than the other. Some are
very long. Some are very long. Others are very short. No description is available of the
legs and feet. Some pathologists indicate that that section of the body was not
developed as we would anticipate, showing that some of these beings were adapted to
life in the water. There was a webbing effect between the fingers on most of the
specimens. According to most observers, the skin is grey. Some claim it is beige, tan or
pinkish-grey. No reproductive organs or capabilities were discovered. No phallus. No
womb. Confirms cloning mentioned by other sources. The humanoids appear to be from
a mold, sharing identical racial and biological characteristics. There is no blood as we
know it, but there is a fluid which is greyish in color.

(Part 8 will be published in the next issue)


Website tip of the month
Written by Christian Pfeiler

The website tip of this month is the small but very interesting website "Truth Seeker at
Roswell" by UFO researcher Dennis Balthaser. The website is especially about the
Roswell incident (with a very interesting article) but there is also some other information
about the UFO phenomenon in general. The Roswell case is generally considered by
sceptics as the worlds greatest UFO myth but maybe there´s more than most of them
want to believe.

The URL of the website is

http://www.geocities.com/Pentagon/Base/2997


UFO photo of the month
Written by Christian Pfeiler


A rather strange UFO photo from Majorca, Spain. At 3:00am on March 25, 1950, news
cameraman Enrique Hausmann Muller observed and photographed a huge, rotating
greenish-orange globe in the night sky. It had a fiery Saturn-like ring of vapor or mist
surrounding its middle, and had great shooting tongues of flame jetting from the edges
of the ring, exactly like a huge 4th of July Catherine's Wheel. It emitted a loud drone as
it passed at low level over the island of Majorca. Its speed was estimated at up to
400mph , but Muller had time to raise his camera and get it squarely in the view finder
for one picture. It was so big and so close that it almost filled the entire field of view. It
flew away over the horizon.
MAIL CORNER
In the following an interesting comment by Ray Cecot about my Bible article from the
last issue

Chris,

I would like to make a few comments on your recent article "The Book of Exodus or
Project Genetic Separation." It is important that you placed, at the beginning of the
article, the fact that some people might find the idea of "genetic purity" offensive. But, as
I mentioned in previous correspondences with you, to limit new ideas because they
don't conform to what we believe only promotes prejudice and lack of growth. One does
not have to believe what you wrote in your article, especially when there is no definitive
proof. Yet, to incorporate the information into one's thoughts as a possible explanation
keeps the mind open to new concepts and potentially viable options.

You ask the question "Why do UFOs observe us?" Although you ask this question, you
never really answer it. This is understandable because there is probably no one answer
at this time. In light of the Exodus article, "God" (I use this word to mean
extraterrestrials for the purpose of this brief commentary) may have watched over the
Hebrew race to promote some sort of genetic purity. But why are UFOs observing us
today ... in the present? The Jewish people live in areas all over the Earth, and any
purity they may have once possessed, has long since been destroyed. UFOs seem to
be observing us (if that is their reason for being here, and I am not sure that it is)
throughout the globe. No one race seems to be selected for observation or breeding
selection.

Today, a total "human race" project seems to be underway. Purification of any one race
is no longer viable, in fact, taking into account the alien hybridization project some
abductees claim is happening, it seems the very purity of humanity, itself, may be
threatened. Could this be the next logical step to what occurred in the Old Testament?

The God in the Old Testament certainly is much different from the one we encounter in
the New testament of the Bible. The NT preaches love, gentleness, compassion, and
giving of one's self for the sake of another. The OT, as you state, depicts a God full of
anger, vengeance, hatred, violence, and a demanding of obedience or else there will be
dire consequences. Looking at this in relation to a genetic purity makes sense. If a
particular race needed to be singled out for this purpose, "fear" would have to be strong
in that particular race to keep them in conformity. How else would God be able to keep
them from mating with other races?

It is not that the other races were not human. Certainly the Egyptians were such. It
seems that a particular group of extraterrestrials may have been manipulating the
Jewish people genetically, while other extraterrestrial groups were experimenting with
other human races. The "alien" conflict in this regard would, indeed, be tremendous.
The God who was interested in the Jews certainly laid down a list of detailed laws
governing the way that particular race should behave. However, as I stated earlier, the
purity of that race no longer exists the way it once did, so that particular genetic plan
may have been scrapped or developed into one which is today more global.

Is it possible that UFOs today are observing us to see how we evolved following the first
Jewish experiment? Is the next step a hybridization which may benefit both us and the
aliens? We may be made more "cosmic" in the process, and they may gain some kind
of genetic strength. It is possible that this evolution began way back in biblical times and
has reached us today, in a new stage of evolution. Mankind has become more
conscious that he is located on a tiny dot within an immensely enormous universe.
Perhaps, our evolution has been orchestrated by extraterrestrials, and it is now time for
us to make our leap into the world of the cosmos, a leap in which we need that one last
genetic "tweak" by those who brought us to where we are today.

Of course, this is only speculation, yet what a revelation it would be to find out that our
father in heaven is really from someplace like the Pleiades.

Ray Cecot
Organizational Director, IRAAP
ray@iraap.org


THANKS TO ALL FOR READING THE FOURTEENTH ISSUE. EVERY COMMENT
AND CRITICISM TO THIS ISSUE IS WELCOME. IF YOU KNOW OTHER
INTERESTED PEOPLE AND POSSIBLE NEW READERS PLEASE TELL THEM TO
CONTACT ME.

THE FIFTEENTH ISSUE WILL BE PUBLISHED ON OCTOBER 28, 2000.
