{"created_utc": "2026-09-25T09:00:39Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 62542, "source_ctime_ns": 1790169355656341191, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/UFORA-Research-Digest---No-35---July-1993.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790169355637653236, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/UFORA-Research-Digest---No-35---July-1993.pdf", "source_sha256": "a35c79a68f8837cb9946ecfcfbe37e22f8004335f0b51e9185ebeeca13fc606c"}

RESEARCH DIGEST

  ISSUE 35 JULY/AUGUST 1993

  Compiled by Keith Basterfield
  Edited & Desktop by Vladimir Godic

  UFO RESEARCH AUSTRALIA
  HQ & ADMINISTRATION
  PO BOX 2435, CAIRNS,
  QUEENSLAND 4870

  RESEARCH DIVISION
  GPO BOX 1894, ADELAIDE
  SOUTH AUSTRALIA 5001

  ADMINISTRATOR: VLADIMIR GODIC
  RESEARCH DIRECTOR: KEITH BASTERFIELD
  SECRETARY: PONY GODIC

  SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
  (6 ISSUES INCLUDING POSTAGE)

  AUSTRALIA.........................$ 14.00
  OVERSEAS SEA MAIL.................$ 16.00
  OVERSEAS ECONOMY AIR..............$ 17.00
  OVERSEAS AIR MAIL.................$ 21.00

  OVERSEAS SUBSCRIBERS - PLEASE REMIT BY BANKER'S DRAFT OR INTERNATIONAL MONEY
  ORDER. IF SENDING PERSONAL CHEQUE - PLEASE ADD $(AUST) 5.00 FOR BANK CHARGES.
  (AUSTRALIAN CURRENCY PLEASE)

  (C) COPYRIGHT 1993 - UFORA


   CASES FROM THE NETWORK

   MORE ON THE PERTH “IMPLANT” CASE

  The Channel 7 series, “The Extraordinary” re cently carried a segment on the 1992 Perth, Western Australia,
  Himplant” case. The following is a summary of the facts revealed during the interview with the main DerciDient.
  whom the show called “Andrew.”

   On the evening of the 4 Feb 1992 Andrew was restless, and couldn’t get to sleep. However, he felt he must have
  dozed off as suddenly he found himselfawake. He was not in his bedroom. Somehow he had been transported and was
  standing in the car-park outside a basketball stadium some 50 kilometres away from his home in an outer sllburb of
  Perth

   He was surroundedby some 30 strangers. He spoke to one person, who telepathically, told him he was lucky to be
  chosen. A dot sized blue light appeared, and grew larger until it was over the top of them. His last recollection was thnt
  there wnr n white flnch


file:///E|/...ORA,%20NICAP,%20APRO%20etc)/Journals%20-%20Research%20Digest%20(Basterfield,%20Australia)/Issue_35_July_1993.txt[06/10/2018 21:47:00]
   Next moment, he found himself inside the basket-ball stadium. Other people were also there. His confusion turned to
  fear. The other people seemed sinister. “They took on a human-like figure. The thing that distinguished them most of
  all that was different from humans were their eyes. Their eyes were, to me, they resembled as if they were out of
  focus.”

   “The whole place was abuzz. The lights were on. Every- thing was happening, and I noticed people were receiving
  gifts from these things. One ofthem came overto me and offered me a gift. I looked at it and I thought to myself there
  and then, what is this7 I looked down towards what I was given. It was a cricket bat...There was one of these things
  kneeled down, accepting my emotions, my feelings, everything that I was feeling. It was accepting and drawing in as if
  it was robbing me., depriving me of my own thoughts. I felt aggravated. I felt violated. I became very angry.
  Consequently, I dropped the gift I was given. I looked over towards the others and I said: “This is not what it seems.
  Get out of here.” I got to the exit doors within the hall and everything just went brilliant white. The next thing I
  remember I was back in my bed.” The timewnc) lSnm

   On the 4 Mar 1992, again at 2.30 a.m., he was jolted from his sleep by an intense blue light. Through the glare
  something: “...a figure, it stood approximately 4 feet, maybe 4 feet 6 high, no taller. What was incredible was the fact
  that my son was being geuded down the passage- way by this thing. It was at this point that I noted my body was
  paralysed. My mind was completely functional, but my body wouldn’t respond...It was only when this blue misty light
  figure had disappeared from my sight did I gain the strength enough to be able to get offthe bed and go and grab my
  son.” The figure vanished in flash of white light.

   Next, here calls finding his 10 year old son in bed, looking very pale and shaky. However, the son was well enough to
  go to school next day.

   Shortly after this, the family ate a lamb roast, during which the son: “had an irritation at the back of his throat “ He
  coughed up a tiny metal object.

   The Extraordinary had the object analysed at Curtin University. The university verdict was that the object is most
  likely a computer component manufactured in Sweden.

   Andrew concluded by saying: “I feel a lot offear. I fear the fact that I don’t know what I’m dealing with here. I feel
  they are coming back. They are coming back. They told me they will be back in 5 of our Earth years” to see his son.

   ANOTHER ABDUCTION EVENT
   UF0RA93052 l9S7/58 Finland CE4 Level C S4/P4
  A woman, now living in Australia has recollections that at age 7 or 8, she had been abducted. She recalls being on a
  table of sorts, with bright, very white, lights above her. A long, large needle was pushed into her chest, about 7.5cm
  down from her sternum, between the ribs. This needle insertion left her with a mole like mark

  She recalls she had been asleep at home when there was a noise. She felt paralysed and a being approached. The being
  was 120cm tall, had large black eyes and a large head. She thought there might have actually been two beings present.
  She felt she had either seen them, or knew them from somewhere before.

   They communicated with her by telepathy. The commu- nication between them and her was instructional, a message
  that the beings meant no harm. Other aspects of the communication was to tell her that she would forget the abduction
  and that they would, at some stage, return to her. In summary, she felt like “a victim”, a Hsurvivor” and a “chosen
  one.” The woman has fragmentary memo- ries of what she believes are three other abduction episodes.
  (Keith Basterfield)

   OTHER CASES

   UF0RA93048 21 Mar 1993 Brisbane QLD 1925hrs Lnw Level B S2/P4
  A 21 year old man was standing in the backyard of his house in Sunnybank, Brisbane. High in the north-eastern sky he
  saw a lightblue coloured light, at a 45 degree angle. It looked like a giant flash of lightning, appearing out of nowhere.

file:///E|/...ORA,%20NICAP,%20APRO%20etc)/Journals%20-%20Research%20Digest%20(Basterfield,%20Australia)/Issue_35_July_1993.txt[06/10/2018 21:47:00]
  It was visible for 5-10 seconds and then just disappeared. The weather was partly cloudy and there was an electrical
  storm at the time.
  (Helen Chapman/UFO Investigahon NetworkIncJ

   UFORA93049 4 Jun 1993 Blackheath NSW 2100hrs Med Level B S3/P3
  A couple, aged 37 and 40, were sitting around a camp fire in their backyard, when they suddenly looked up and saw,
  for a few seconds, a golden coloured, wedge shaped object. This object was first seen above tree top level in the
  eastern sky. It moved across the sky, travelling from their right to their left, horizontally. It had no markings or lights
  on it. By the time the woman had said: “Hey, what’s that?”, it had disappeared. The duration was a few seconds only.

   The couple have also experienced a constant stream of poltergeist experiences for the last 3 years. On one occasion a
  5 cent coin dropped out ofthin air and landed on the head of the woman. On another occasion a screw, dropped by the
  husband, could not be found even though he knew exactly where h had dropped. Mysteriously, a few days later the
  screw reappeared in the exact spot they had looked in.
  (Helen Chapman/UFO Investgahon Network Inc.)

   UFORA 93050 6 May 1993 Brisbane QLD 0313hrs Low/IFO Level B S2/P4
  Mr J. M. of Kallangur was cleaning down a driveway at a service station where he was working as a service attendant.
  He described seeing a big, round, white object. It appeared to be bigger than a star and had a bright flashing light on it.
  The weather was fine with just a little cloud. Investigations by UFOIN revealed that the man had seen a weather
  balloon launched at 0300hrs from Brisbane airport.
  (Helen Chapman/UFO Investigation Network IncJ

   UF0RA930S1 8 May 1993 Gold Coast QLD 0416hrs Low/IF09 Level B S2/P4
  A Mr G. was awoken by a bright light which illuminated his bedroom. The sky was almost clear at the time. Apart
  from the baying of neighbouring dogs there was also a slight humming sound audible. The light dimmed and reduced
  in size, before accelerating up and away. Inves- tigation revealed that a 10 seater light aircraft lifted off from
  Coolangatta airport at 0415hrs with its very bright landing lights on, suggesting this might have been the cause of the
  observation. However, Mr G is knowledge- able about aircraft and stated that if the object had been the aircraft the
  plane would have to have been flying back- wards and upside down to produce the details he witnessed.
  (Helen Chapman/UFO Investigation Network Inc.)

   RESEARCH NOTES

   ABDUCTION RESEARCH: TWO NEW TRENDS

   A question, hot on the lips of U.S. abduction researchers in recent times, has been what other types of alien entities
  are reported by abductees beside the little grays?

   One particular type has been getting an airing lately. Firstly, at a conference in the U.S., John Carpenter, a psychiatric
  social worker, and MUFON’s Director of Abduction Research, re- vealed that he had come across several case of
  reptilian creatures. These entities were de- scribed as 6-8 feettall, with lizard-like scales and were green/brownish in
  colour. They possessed four fingered claws. Their head has a centrul ridge down to a snout. Their eyes have vertical
  slits just like a cat’s eyes. Their behaviourtowards abductees is insensitive and intrusive. John made a claim that large
  claw marks had been photographed on the skin of abductees, al- though no such photographs were produced at that
  time.

   Secondly, the MUFON Journal of April 1993 con- tained an article by John Carpenter on the same subject. To the
  previous description of the creatures, he added that the claw hands are webbed: that the face is a cross between a
  human and a snake; and that the chest may have external ‘ribbingM present.

   Thirdly, the Spring 1993 issue of UFO Universe a U.S. magazine, carried an item by Karla Turner, the author of the
  book ‘Into the Fringe’ (Berkley, 1992.) Amongst otherthings, the article related an account from the 1960’s. A 10 year
  old boy and his grandmotherwere reportedly abducted by reptiles and forced to have sexual relations with each other

file:///E|/...ORA,%20NICAP,%20APRO%20etc)/Journals%20-%20Research%20Digest%20(Basterfield,%20Australia)/Issue_35_July_1993.txt[06/10/2018 21:47:00]
  and the creatures.

   The other issue, that of children reporting ab- ductions, was recently raised for me by an Adelaide womon who came
  forward to report thather3 1/2yearold daughtertold herofwhat can only be described as an abduction. The

   youngster revealed a night when “monsters” came to her bedroom and took her away to “another place.”

   The issue, is that we have observed that some abductees have reported life long interaction with aliens; amongst which
  are recollections from their early childhood. The obvious question to ask is, if adultstoday are recalling long distant
  childhood experiences, are there children to- day describing abductions? The short answer is yes.

   Dr Deborah Bruce Truncale of California, a psy- chologist, has reported a number of observa- tions by children. Some
  are described below:

   * Aged 8. A boy was startled by a tall being. His parents told him n was a Xbad dreum.” His parents reported they had
  heard him talking to someone but upon checking found him asleep.

   * Aged 5. One evening 2 beings came through the wall to a boy. He recalls a female entity touching him,examining
  his legs,whilsthefound himself on a table. The beings were large eyed, grays. The beings said they were his Xfriends.”

   * Aged 8. Kevin told of a tall, bald being which came into his room and makes him drowsy. His Parents discounted
  the events as made up.

   I myself came across a case here in Austraiia in 1991. A Melbourne woman wrote to me to recount a number of
  disturbing events within the family. These incidents culminated in 1990 when her 6 year old son came into her
  bedroom one morning, and told herthat duringthe night 54 little men had entered his bedroom and shone a ZtorchZ on
  him. He said he tried to get out of bed but he couldn’t move.

   He said although the beings did not talk, in his mind he could hear them saying he was not to be afraid, and they
  would not hurt him. They then examined him and pushed something up his nose. He said n fen like a worm going up.
  Since that night the woman reported that she hud a lot of trouble getting him to go to bed. He says he knows they are
  coming back. The entities were described as big as his 10 year old sister, w’ith gray skin, big heads and big black eyes.

   If readers have come across similar accounts from children, then UFORA, would like to hear from you.

   IN RETROSPECT

  We have in our files cases which, although intriguing, were reported after the event and/or which, for one reason or
  another, were impos- sible to investigate. The reasons for this range from isolated locations to a long period of time
   having elapsed since the event. The following case is typical of such difficulties for, despite follow up attempts, it
  remains no further advanced than the narrative reproduced here.

   Since this report predates the modern abduction era, but has some abduction elements, despite the lack of an actual
  abduction re- membrance, we are relating n for the interest of readers only.

  SA 78/48
  DATE: 1966/67
  TIME: 1730 Hrs
  LOCATION: Near Woomera, South Australia.
  REPORTER: Joseph C (name on record with
  UFORA Research Director) then aged 14-15.

   Joseph C’s account:


file:///E|/...ORA,%20NICAP,%20APRO%20etc)/Journals%20-%20Research%20Digest%20(Basterfield,%20Australia)/Issue_35_July_1993.txt[06/10/2018 21:47:00]
   I was walking home, after work atWoomera, to Pimba where my mother was living, a length of 3 miles. Then I had a
  feeling of very stillness... I looked up towards the sky. I saw at least three lots of UFO, at least 40, doing movability
  move- ment back and front.

   Zone broke away from the rest and hovered above me very low. It was big as a footbal field . I was not scared, but I
  could not move. I was glued to the spot. I did not panic. I kept my head as I was fascinated. I did not rebel. The light
  was very bright. There was no wind, no flies, no dust. I felt as if I was standing on air, but my feet were on the ground.
  I felt safe, I had no reason to fear. I was given no resson to. I must say I felt quite fascinated by this thing above me. I
  only wish I could learn more about (il). There was no more to learn. This UFO moved very fast.

   “I don’t remember much after that, but my mother told me I walked home in shock. She took me to Woomera hospital
  as soon as I got home. The doctor told my mother I will be OK just go home to bed.

   “I woke up early in the morning wondering where I was. I did not know my mother or home for a good half hour. I
  have never told no-one, not even my mother, whut I saw as I did not wantto make any trouble. Plus H is very hard on
  me to tell anybody, but I know what I saw and I will take H to the grave with me. If no-one believes me, l do not care.
  I will not fight over it. I only want to tell what happened.”

   Granted the above is anecdotal at best. There are so mcny unknowns In this brief report, that we cun’t draw any
  conclusions, especially in light of the fact that we know nothing of the medical history of the percipient, let alone the
  medical assessment of his condition at the Woomera hospHal. Nevertheless, the interest- ing elements are an
  apparently isolated location, during which, amongst many UFOs, one the size of a football field, approached and
  hovered over the percipient who was at that point seemingly spellbound. We don’t know how long this phase lasted,
  and we don’t know if the percipient arrived home late, so obviously we don’t know if any missing time is involved.
  However, the percipient’s state of shock, when he arrived home, is certainly noteworthy. The major difficulty in this
  brief report is that although there is a stretch of desert between Woomera and Pimba, the two,are certainly close
  enough for a skyfull of UFOs, even if at a distance, notto go unnoticed. However, H does appear that the percipient
  was in an aHered state of con- sciousness when he saw the UFOs for the sight- ing was preceded by a feeling of very
  stillness.” Had he shifted, or been shifted, unknowingly into an aHered state, be H consciousness or otherwise, or was
  he suffering a physical event such as an epileptic seizure? Joseph C reported his experience to UFO Research South
  Australia in 1978 when he was 26. It was apparently a one of experience.

   GULF BREEZE UPDATE

   The town of Gulf Breeze, Florida in the U.S.A., has attracted the interests of UFO researchers for several years now.
  The original interest occurred between 1987 and 1988 wHh a series of photo- graphs being taken by one Ed Walters,
  and of mutiple observations of unusual objects by doz- ens of local towns people.

   A new, second wave of interest flared up in September 1989 and continued to July 1992, after which it seemed to
  have disappeared. These sightings centred on mutiple observa- tions by independent people of unusual red lights in the
  sky over Gulf Breeze.

  The latest update, courtesy of the “HUFON REPORT, the newsletter of the Houston UFO Network, comes to us via
  PARANET.

   On 25 March 1993, in broad daylight, a Mr “Alien” viewed an object in the north-western sky which he took to be an
  aircraft. Later he again sawthe same objectwhich moved tothe south-east. The next day he got out his video camera
  and was fortunate to again see H in the south-eastern sky. It was a round, silver object which raced across the sky. “It
  was round and kind of crown-shaped wHh a lower level and a dark red circle in the bottom center.”

   A week later Mr Allen reported that he had this time taken a video of the same object out over the Gulf of Mexico
  from his home on Santa Rosa Island. The sun was seen to be reflecting off the stationary object, with clouds visible
  behind it.


file:///E|/...ORA,%20NICAP,%20APRO%20etc)/Journals%20-%20Research%20Digest%20(Basterfield,%20Australia)/Issue_35_July_1993.txt[06/10/2018 21:47:00]
   The videos, and also Polaroid pictures taken on another occasion, were forwarded to Jeff Sainio, a photo analyst and
  Manager of Imaging Re- search and Development at the Quad/Tech division of Quad/Graphics in Wisconsin. The
  originals were also inspected by Dr Bruce Maccabee, an optical physicist for the US Na- val defence laboratory in
  Maryland.

   Their intensive studies suggest that the object is a genuine UFO.

   ADELAIDE RESEARCH NETWORK MEETING

  Last year 3 meetings were organised to bring together, at a private meeting, a number of individuals wHh an interest
  in researching the area of UFOs. Recently, a fourth meeting was organised one Sunday.

   The invited participants were UFO researchers associated with UFO Research Australia and UFO Research (SA),
  academics including a crimi- nolozist. and a number of health professionals including 2 psychologists, and a
  psychothera- pist. The topic of UFO abductions was the main theme for the meeting, and a variety of ap- proaches
  were discussed. The group will remain in touch as a network.

   One outcome of the meeting is that a media consultant, who was present, is orgunising a series of seven Saturday
  evening talks, for the general public, on a number of UFO and re- lated issues. Keith Basterfield will present a talk
  titled: “UFO Abductions: Fact or Fantasy” on the 30 Oct at the City of Adelaide Community centre, 23 Coglin Street,
  in the City. For further details, such as ticket prices, contact Dani Morena on 341-5615

   POSTAL ADDRESS CHANGE

  Effective immediately the postal address for Keith Basterfeld has changed from PO Box302, Modbury North, SA 5092
  to GPO Box 7894, Adelaide. S4 5001.

   FROM THE LITERATURE

   Judge, Mark G. “The Outer Limits of the Soul.” Common Ground magazine Jul/Aug 1993.9pp.

  An in depth look at the US abduction phenom- enon. Includes case studies, and interviews with John Mack, Kenneth
  Ring, Keith Thompson, and Eddie Bullard, amongst others.

   Pinkney, John. “Ovary Snatchers” Australasian Post 19 Jun 1993. 1 p.

   A short review of the research being under- taken by UFORA as regards Australian abducticon cases.

   Turner, Karla. “What Are the Aliens Doing With Our Children?” UFO Encounters Vol 1 No6 pp11 - 15.

   Many abduction events are occurring to young children. The Hopkins et al genetic experimen- tation hypothesis of
  aliens requiring reproduc- tive material, can not apply. So why children?

   Norris, Michael. Alabama Residents Ponder Cattle M utilations. UFO Encounter Vol 1 No 7 pp 3-6.

  Linda Moulton Howe who has been exploring the cattle mutilation/UFO/abduction linkforthe last 10 years tells of
  many recent cattle mutila tion episodes.

   NEW BOOKS

   Fowler, Raymond. “The Allagash Abductions.” Wild Flower Press (U.S.) Hard cover 366 pages. US $23.95.

   A full investigation report of the 1976 Maine, U.S., multiple witness abduction casewhich involved 4 fishermen. An
  excellent,well researched piece of work which adds yet another multiple wit nessed event to the collection.

file:///E|/...ORA,%20NICAP,%20APRO%20etc)/Journals%20-%20Research%20Digest%20(Basterfield,%20Australia)/Issue_35_July_1993.txt[06/10/2018 21:47:00]
   Good, Timothy. “Alien Update.” Arrow. 1993. Paperback 296 pages. US$9.95.

   A continuation of the series of annual UFO Reports from the author of “Above Top Secret. “ This issue contains
  articles on the UFO bases off Puerto Rico; the US government and alien ve- hicles: Russian encounters, and an
  intemational UFO catalogue including some Australian sightings.

   Turner, Karla. “Into the Fringe:A True Story of Alien Abduction.” Berkely. 1992. Paperback. 242 Pages. US $4-95.

  Dr Turner has been publishing numerous articles of late culminating in this book concerning her research into the
  more odder aspects of ab ductions, including reptilians.

   Randles, Jenny. “UFOs and How to See Them.” Sterling.1992 Soft paperback 144 pages. US $14.95,

   A basic review of the state of UFO research today, and a catalogue of “window areas” of the world where UFO
  observations are more prevulent.


file:///E|/...ORA,%20NICAP,%20APRO%20etc)/Journals%20-%20Research%20Digest%20(Basterfield,%20Australia)/Issue_35_July_1993.txt[06/10/2018 21:47:00]
