{"created_utc": "2026-09-11T18:24:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 241558, "source_ctime_ns": 1788582238884179607, "source_file": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/UFORC-of-Pennsylvania---2010-08.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1788582238873069299, "source_rel": "Archives-for-the-Unexplained/documents/UFORC-of-Pennsylvania---2010-08.pdf", "source_sha256": "82fd535029a353c87b6389fe72e525ac0d8f4a87b9ac128775742af381cda353"}

UFORCOP NEWSLETTER
                AUGUST 2010

Welcome to UFORCOP’S monthly newsletter. Every month
we will bring you the latest in Ufology, Paranormal, Crypto
zoology and Abduction news taking place in Pennsylvania
that UFORCOP is involved with.

You can file a report or obtain information by going to our
Contact Us page and filling out the form and hit the submit
button. A researcher will contact you within 24 hrs. You can
also visit us on Facebook.

Anyone wishing to have a presentation given to a group can
use the Contact Us page on our web page or email one of
the two addresses on the right of that page.

There are currently 19 cases being worked on. We will be
posting their location on the website a map which will show
all sightings in the state by quarters. Those numbers will
includes reports courtesy of UFORCOP, NUFORC and
MUFON.
Book of the Month: UFOs: Generals, Pilots and
Government Officials go on the Record. Available at
www.amazon.com

Upcoming Events in SEPTEMBER
None Presented

Sites of the Month:

www.ozufo.net

www.coasttocoastam.com

www.mufon.com
(New site)


UFORCOP NEWS
The UFO Research Center of Pennsylvania has received a
number of emails regarding membership in the group. If you
have an interest in becoming a member of UFORCOP
please send us an email at butch221@dejazzd.com with
your background in investigations of UFOs, Abduction,
Cryptozoology and the Paranormal.

UFORCOP has 19 cases as of the end of August and they
breakdown as: 12 UFO, 5 Cryptozoology, 2 Paranormal.

Members of UFORCOP are available for presentations.
Please email butch221@dejazzd.com to set a time and date.
The Close Encounters Conference is now in the planning
stage for the spring of 2011. A sight has been looked at and
the speaker list is being formulated. Keep watching the
website for Conference updates.

We would also like to thank all the groups and individuals
that have sent us greetings and good hunting in our
endeavors. We have exceeded our website bandwidth twice
this month and had 99000 page hits.

UFORCOP currently has 16 Researchers and 3 Consultants.
We intend to expand our research team with professionals
as our caseload grows. We are a non-profit organization.

UFORCOP has joined forces with UFO Research of North
America, UFO Clearinghouse as partners site in the search
for the truth.

Appearance
Butch Witkowski, Director of UFORCOP will be a quest on
Coast to Coast AM Radio with Art Bell, August 27, 2010.

Paranormal
UFORCOP is going to Bushy Run Battle Field in autumn to
do a paranormal investigation of goings on at that location.

UFORCOP is also looking for paranormal experiences at
The Gettysburg Battlefield and the Bushy Run
Battlefield. Use our contact us page if you have photos and
or an experience you want to share with our paranormal
researchers.

Crypto zoology
Anyone with information on sightings in the Pine Grove area
of (Panthers, Mountain Lions, Cougars, Thunderbirds etc.)
Please contact Troy Noll at madhunter.pa@gmail.com or
Tim Heckman at apehunter.pa@gmail.com

UFORCOP is actively seeking information on the Presque
Isle Landing Incident and the Carbondale UFO/Lantern
Incident. Contact butch221@dejazzd.com
parapa109@embarqmail.com

BIGFOOT sightings can be reported on our website contact
us page.


UFOLOGY
UFORCOP researchers will be completing a number of
papers on various cases and case studies from
Pennsylvania. These papers will be available at the Spring
Conference in 2011.

A Round Table Conference is also in the works and
information will be forthcoming in a few months. This will be
your chance for a one on one with top names in Ufology,
Paranormal, Abduction and Crypto zoology.

On a sad note: UFO Researcher Lt. Col. Wendelle C.
Stevens (Ret) passed away on September 7, 2010.

Nuclear Site Photo
UFORCOP is investigating a sighting of a UFO over a
Nuclear Plant in Pennsylvania. A photograph taken by the
person reporting the sighting cannot be debunked by
UFORCOP, but it has been sent to a photo expert in Great
Britain to see if they can find anything we can’t. At this point
the photo is good, but we will hold off till we get the results to
advise our readers of the findings, and to publish the photo.
UPDATE ON ABOVE
The updated report shows there are definitely 3 objects in
the photo and not atmospheric anomalies. Case Closed.

During the research on the above case at the Nuclear Plant
we have come across many reports of UFOs over these
types of facilities.

Why are these plants under scrutiny? Feel free to write
us with your thoughts on why there is an interest in
Nuclear Facilities and Nuclear Weapons Storage

UFORCOP is actively seeking information on the Presque
Isle Landing Incident and the Carbondale UFO/Lantern
Incident. Contact butch221@dejazzd.com
parapa109@embarqmail.com

ABDUCTION
No open cases at this time.

If you have seen something strange in Pennsylvania in
the air or on the ground we would like to hear from you.


           “NOS PETO VERUM”
                  We Seek the Truth
Thank You
UFORCOP
UFO Research Center of Pennsylvania
www.paufosearch.com
