{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-12 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459439","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102068","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2822,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/439/mufon-5459439.json","updb_database_id":5459439}
{tjd} 4 red-orange pulsating lights in a diamond formation

I was heading south from York Haven, down George St. Extension As I got to Emigsville, PA, I went to make a left at the firehall and noticed 4 bright red-orange lights moving in unison in diamond formation. There was abit of a gap between each object, but they moved all as one. I originally thought it was a large craft because the distance between them never changed. They were moving east towards a large housing development. 
As I wss waiting for the light to change so I could turn at the intersection, I thought maybe these objects were drones, but I had the window down in my truck and could not hear any sounds. However, then I noticed that 4 objects started to go dark, one by one. From 4 to 3 to 2 and then the stoplight changed so I was able to turn. 
Quickly, I accelerated to pull over and begin to film with my camera phone. Not wanting to miss anything, I filmed the remaining lights as the one furthest east, changed it flying lights as if it were an FAA approved aircraft, but the blinking of the lights were sporadic and it could be visually seen that this was no normal aircraft. 
The trailing orb still remained the original "color" of red-orange, pulsating. But made no noise. It stayed on the same trajectory heading east, with the other object in front flashing ots white/red strobe. 
Losing visual with these objects, I got out of the truck, and continued to video what I was seeing. The res-orange orb eventually went dark and the other object continued eastward slowly heading toward another object that was more starlike. Unlike what I had seen up to this time. 
Please understand, I live close to 2 airports. If these were anything logical, they may have been military but they made ZERO noise.
After filming, I continued to try to follow in my truck. But to no avail. 
Please watch video attached. I apologize for the profanity, i have never seen flying objects like act this before.
I added another video tonite (102067)from a year ago(July 2018) I filmed near my house. The red-orange objects are surprisingly identical.
