{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500439","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58666","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3994,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/439/mufon-5500439.json","updb_database_id":5500439}
{nd} there were multiple events. i saw i think what you call a blob of multiple colors, what looked like to be a star child, an enity stood in front me it was like a dark shadow. objects moving, i have had other events happen this is most recent

I was sitting on my porch smoking and I was looking at the street lamp and all of sudden the light became a very bright yellow light and it moved out of the street light and to the left and became multiple colors and just hovered there I walked over I wasn't afraid of it, and I stood right above this blob of light or aura for about 5 minutes then it went back into the street lamp. I couldn't make out what it was doing at first and I said to it ill be back I have to put my contacts in,lol I came back out and it was still there. I was trying to talk to it. I said I cant see you and it put its face right up against the lamp and it looked young like a child, its what they call a star child , I had looked it up a couple days later. but this being was trying to show me something but the lamp was to small but it looked like a film or video of someone, like a son and father. While this was going on it also was showing different colors of pink and blue it was very confusing while I stood there what appeared in front of me was a dark shadow, I felt it didn't belong there in a way I took my right hand and pushed it away like you would to a person and it disappeared. The street lamp event lasted about 10-15 minutes, but after it was over the tree next me start moving and for some reason I was telling the limbs to move and what to do and it wood do it. I told it to move like a snake and it started slivering around another piece of the tree. I know this sounds crazy but it was happening. What I thought it was doing was communicating with me in a part of the brain that we normally don't use and I was able to do this for about the next 10 hrs. all the street light were pink and blue for a long time I started walking up the street and I saw someone and I ask them what color are the light and he said white and I just told him I had drops put in my eyes that's why I was asking because it was I thought an odd question to ask that late at night. after this happen I slept for 2 days. I was woke up to eat about 4pm and my face was swollen and also my eyes and my skin was very dry. that day before all this happen I was seeing yellow spots all day long and when I was reading there were some words that looked darker than others, I don't know if that had anything to do with what happen but it seemed to fit. This is not the first experience ive had. I have tried to talk to The Father at my church about other experiences I had which seemed more spiritual and he didn't want to hear about it. I saw one of your episode today about someone you put under hypnosis and the being told him they were his guardians and he had been sad. It reminded me a lot of myself prayer a lot and being very sad and these experiences seemed comforting to me. For about 2 years I have notice this light in the sky that has been with me wherever I go it stand out among the rest of the stars, it almost looks like a chevron its there every night and ive talked to it and aked it questions and it moves up and down for yes and across for no ive had witnesses that have seen it. I was questioning my sanity there for awhile but I know these events are very much true.
