{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-07 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285439","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117967","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/439/mufon-5285439.json","updb_database_id":5285439}
Like a airplane with no wings

I'm a security guard at Rivers casino. It was about 5:30 in the afternoon, and I was outside on the 5th level of the parking garage. there are two levels above that so in each corner of the parking garage. there is a support beam. so when I first saw this object I simply thought it was an airplane kind of low but not so much, but something made me take a second look, because I look for things three times in the past I've seen what might have been a UFO but all three times they could have been anything. But this one definitely either was not from this world, or it was our government with secret technology or somebody else's. So anyway I went to take a second look, and when it came from behind the corner support beam it was now in the vertical position. Just slowly floating across the sky. There was another gentleman coming up the steps. I pointed it out to him, he wasn't sure what it was, he said it's definitely metallic, but he thought it might be a balloon and didn't seem so concerned and went on about his way. so I don't know who he was but he saw it too. Anyhow after he continued up the stairs I said now it stopped dead in the sky. but he was out of my sight, and I guess he kept going, I don't know. But it floated there in one spot like the fuselage of an airplane in a vertical position for maybe 10 seconds. No wings, no sound, no smoke, it really look like an Apollo rocket just floating there. I say Apollo rocket cuz it had different things from top to bottom, I didn't see any letters or writing just vents and things from top to bottom. And different shades of metal maybe even colors I really don't remember. But after a few seconds, it just fell up out the sky as if you dropped a triangle shaped Rock, off the top of the empire State building. For a brief second I saw what look like a triangle but it was tumbling and spinning and getting higher in the sky. Then I thing happen when it was really out of my range of vision so I don't know it look like something else came over to it and for a few seconds I could barely get my eyes to focus on whatever it or they were so high in the sky and then they were gone.      ... Now I want to drop just food for thought on whoever might be reading this, because people think it's funny it's not. Even people who are serious laugh and joke about this whole phenomenon. As if it's a novelty.   ... Think about this, we got to the top of the food chain because we outsmarted the lions tigers and bears. And wear mammals we breathe air give birth and the women have breast. What if on some other planet where there's not oxygen but whatever other chemicals in the air, some other creature gets to the top of the food chain, maybe it doesn't even have lungs, but feeds it's brain by taking something off of something else and putting it in its mouth to feed its brain. Are you following me. I mean what if this creature is not breathing air but putting chemicals in its mouth to feed its brain, what kind of creature on what kind of world could get to the top of the food chain because it was smarter than the other creatures on that world, and wind up smart enough to come here and visit us. Would it be some kind of bug what that's really scary. So I'm telling you this really happened. I happen to have a hobby of photography, and I had my phone in my pocket. But was unable to take a still because that's what I was trying to do take a still. And it's not because something affected my phone I was trying to zoom in close enough and my phone wouldn't do it. And I don't often use my video function so I just didn't think about that. I wish I had of cuz I would have had a really nice video. but I don't. But this s*** really happened I swear it did.
