{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-09 19:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530439","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25039","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3131,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/439/mufon-5530439.json","updb_database_id":5530439}
Original photos of event

Here are the original photographs of the three UFO sightings I recently submitted. They are in Photoshop (.psd) file format. Once in Photoshop, open the "Layers" window (f7) and click on the eye to expose/hide guides and layers. I also highly suggest zooming WAY in on the objects, and adjusting such settings as: brightness/contrast, levels, and curves, to get an idea of the objects' shape, size and possible distance from viewer. After I zoomed in VERY close, I noticed that in each of the photographs, the objects have similar characteristics, such as size and shape. This is especially obvious and apparent since the objects take up only a few pixels. The best example of this is noticed in 1Duel Lightning Strike1, which is the photograph that has two simultaneous lightning strikes, specifically, the object in the vicinity of the lightning strike on the left hand side of the screen. When viewed at an extreme zoom, there is a distinct, almost diamond shape to the pixels, especially during/after adjusting the various brightness and contrast levels. It is curious that the most distinctive feature that all the objects in each photo share, is the very blackness of what I will refer to as 1the core1 of the objects. The objects closest to the lightning strikes reveal an outline to this core. This could be attributed to many things; my guess is light diffraction. In the next lightning photo (1Single Strike1) the viewer may note that there is also an object in close proximity (at least from the viewer1s angle) to the lightning strike, and it too seems to have what appears to be an outline of the center of the object. The photo, or should I says photos, that convinced me that these objects were more than 1Specks of dust on the lens1 or 1Birds/Insects1, is the 3 frame sequence. When I overlapped the three frames and marked the positions of the objects in each frame, I noticed one thing right away: Some objects are in the same position in two of the three frames (these objects appear to be stationary for at least two frames). And I mean ABSOLUTELY the same position 1 what I might speculate to be a generator/drive with perfect anti-grav/hover capabilities.
