{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287439","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115937","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":12185,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/439/mufon-5287439.json","updb_database_id":5287439}
I saw a bright object cross the sky in only a fraction of a second and completely reverse directions several times

I retired from the Army in 2011 in the rank of Major. I was selected for a functional area of Space Operations although I retained my position as Field Artillery “line” officer until I retired. I am contacting you to share a UFO sighting I had while on active duty in the summer of 1998 while stationed at Ft. Drum, New York.

	Up until now I have been reluctant to share my story but in light of recent events with the U.S. Senate getting involved and de-classification of multiple military sightings, I have decided I would like to share my story.

	I believe this sighting might possibly offer some insights into why UFO’s monitor our activities and what some triggers might be for their observation of us. I believe the synopsis below offers some very unique circumstances under which I made my observations.

	In 1997 I completed Officer Candidate School and was branched Field Artillery and assigned to 3-6 Field Artillery at Ft. Drum, New York located near Watertown on the eastern edge of Lake Ontario. My previous jobs included Electronics Repairman, Patriot Missile Operator and repairman, and Infantryman. As an artillery officer you normally spend half of your career in a “gun battery or battalion” with Howitzers.....and half of your career with maneuver units as a forward observer.

	I had recently been assigned as a leader of a fire support team (FSO) and we were scheduled to go on a Field Training Exercise (FTX) to observe for our own battalion’s gun batteries so they could qualify on “table VIII” missions according to our battalion’s “Mission Essential Task List” or (METL).

	Our team consisted of myself (a Second Lieutenant at the time), a Fire Support Non-Commissioned Officer (FSNCO) who was a Staff Sergeant, and three 2 man teams of observers.

	As our training approached we began to learn of the munitions (types of artillery rounds) we would be observing for. They would be High Explosive Rounds or (HE), these are normal point detonating rounds, Variable Time Rounds or (VT), these rounds are the same as HE rounds but are fused with a time fuse to explode in the air before hitting the ground, and Illumination Rounds which are fired at night to provide maneuver units the ability to see the battlefield during periods of darkness. A parachute deploys with these rounds and the round floats to the ground slowly illuminating a large area.

    As I talked to my Fire Support NCO about our “Fire Plan” for the field training exercise, he seemed unusually concerned about the very high number of Illumination rounds we would be observing for during the FTX. It was over 1000 rounds of Illumination that we needed to observe for in addition to our HE and VT missions in a several day period. His concern was that with the high number of Illum rounds...it would take all 3 of our Fire Support teams, calling fire missions all night....to expend that number of rounds, and the soldiers would be sleep deprived calling the HE and VT for the daytime missions.  Apparently these rounds were Vietnam era rounds and nearing their expiration date so the Ammunition Supply Point (ASP) was trying to get rid of them so the engineers would not have to waste explosives to dispose of them once the LOT numbers on the rounds had expired and they would no longer be able to be issued or fired due to safety issues/dud rate. 

	I was a rookie LT fresh out of the Officer Basic Course (OBC) at Ft Sill. But I was also prior enlisted for almost seven years before Officer Candidate School so my FSNCO’s concerns were very important to me. I started brainstorming on ways we could expend that many Illum rounds quickly so our soldiers would be fresh for the daytime missions when our Battalion Commander was making the rounds. I remembered one type of fire mission that we were taught in OBC called 
“continuous illumination”. Specifically a four gun firing solution with a range and lateral spread (see attachments). When calling this particular type of Illum mission....not one gun....but 4 of them would fire in rapid succession to provide maximum visibility for extended periods of time for maneuver troops. The goal of this mission... was to have 4 rounds in the sky at the same time providing illumination for our maneuver troops to see the enemy in large areas.

These missions were fun to call and fun to watch.....listening to it you would hear a sound almost like a mortar round leaving the tube as they detonated in the air....started floating down and burning sometimes all the way to the ground. The unique thing about coordinated illum...is that once all 4 rounds started glowing in the sky at the same time.....they formed a perfect “cross” or “diamond”.

	We convoyed to Observation Post 4 in the Ft. Drum Training Area and set up our observation posts consisting of terrain sketches for day missions and pre-formatted calls for fire for the night illum missions based on the target locations in our observation area. In order to facilitate the rapid depletion of our illum rounds we set up a competition between our 3 Fire Support Teams calling in the fire missions. We told our teams whoever had the most rounds in the air at the same time during the “continuous illumination/range lat spread” missions... won the competition and the losers would have to clean the winner’s weapons at the end of the FTX so the winners would get released before anyone else so they got to go home first. The deal also came with a day off from PT (Physical Training) and they got to choose which day......which meant they got to sleep in a little bit that day.

	When the “night shoots” began...the teams were calling the fire missions to the FDC (Fire Direction Center) very rapidly and often times all 3 firing batteries....(18 guns) (M119A6) Howitzers.....105mm..... were firing at the same time. Me and my FSNCO were “grading” the competition and the winning team had 17 rounds in the air at the same time....creating a light aerial show brighter and longer than any civilian equivalent ever seen. This rapid firing with such a large number of rounds was also extremely rare in the military.

	The missions lasted for about 4 hours that summer night and as me and my FSNCO graded the competition.....both of us saw something like we had never seen before. This particular night was very clear. Visibility seemed to be unlimited and you could see every star in the sky. Both of us saw it at the same time, then my FSNCO exclaimed “did you see that”....right before I was getting ready to ask him the same question.

	Both of us had been watching a very peculiar light in the sky moving from the west to the east. The object appeared to be flying at a very high altitude (25,000-30,000 feet) and had an unusual bright white glow to it unlike any known aircraft or satellite. It definitely was not some type of shooting star and most peculiar was its speed that varied unlike most commercial or military aircraft.....slowing down.....almost stopping....then speeding up.

	Then as it got way out to our east.....it sped up....and flew all the way across the sky.....back to the west...where it had started from......in a fraction of a second..... and stopped on a dime....it started doing this several times almost in a “Z” pattern...going all the way across the sky in a fraction of a second and stopping on a dime. The whole thing lasted about 10-15 minutes total including when it was flying at a slower speed at first. Cell phones were in their infancy at the time and most did not have cameras. Mine had a 3 inch antennae you had to pull out and only had a keypad with numbers to dial.

	Both of us were left speechless after he asked me if I saw it... because we knew we had both witnessed something that was impossible to explain. We told our FIST teams about it and asked them if they had seen anything and they said no.....they were busy calling the firing missions. Me and SSG K never mentioned the incident to our chain of command because both of us knew nobody would believe us and they would think we were crazy. I told my wife about it and when my sons got older and could understand I told them about it but other than that I have never shared the story with anyone.

There were several things that I questioned after witnessing what we saw that night. I wondered if the maneuvers the object was making....was an attempt to triangulate our position on the ground? I wondered if the extreme brightness of the illumination rounds had attracted that UFO to observe us? I wondered if the number of rounds that we were firing and the “cross” patterns the rounds were creating attracted them to observe us? I wondered if the downward trajectory of the illumination rounds triggered them to watch us since from afar it would appear as if these illumination rounds were disappearing into the ground or water in a vertical fashion unlike most objects that fly horizontally when landing? With the benefit of hindsight and in light of recent events where it appears that UFO’s recently tracked at a high rate of speed are seen disappearing into the water......was the location of the event that I witnessed unique because it was under observation being located in such close proximity to the eastern edge of Lake Ontario?

	I don’t know if the U.S. Army would be willing to assist in replicating this very rare event.....but it would seem the event could also be replicated with high towers and bright lights being lit in the random sequence of a continuous illumination/range lateral spread artillery mission with the lights on cables making them appear to descend vertically and then slowly disappear.

	I am not sure what I saw that night but I do know a few things. It was NOT earthly, it was NOT manmade, it was watching us, and based on the maneuvers it was doing at the rate of speed it was going, it would be impossible for any earth alloy to keep from burning up or flying apart. There is also no propellant known to man that can put an object into flight that fast. This object defied the laws of physics as we know them.....period! The only way for an object to fly that fast would be a combination of zero gravity and magnetism.....universal magnetism.....and universal gravity combined in a way to control each other perfectly....together and independently......much different than what we know.

	Attached are some links of coordinated illumination missions being fired posted on you tube (not by me) to help you picture what I’m talking about. You can imagine these videos with a rate of fire being about X10 or more of what is in the video. Most of these are single shot illum missions... not continuous illum/range lat spread in the cross pattern like we did. I could not find any videos which replicate the way we fired that night.

[ Items moved to F I Report {tjd} ].

I wanted to share this story to primarily get it off my chest, and to possibly research and replicate that scenario to try and illicit a similar response by a UFO under the same conditions and possibly in the same area and be able to record it.
