Date                         Date
  Case No.:             2258                       12-07-2026                          17-07-2026
                                     Report:                      Resolution:

   Location:          Puerto Octay       Region:      Los Lagos      Classification:         Closed


                 Reported what was described as more than three red "pure" shaped objects and
                 sizes assimilated to "40 meters", which were seen directly in the sky
Clear for 30 minutes. It was added that they always flew to the west of two witnesses, and were observed until "they rise and disappear." Seen from the Rupanco Islet, in the commune of Puerto Octay, on July 02, 2026 at 20:45 hours.

Testimony (sic): "When I went out to smoke, I observed a blinking red light rising straight up into the sky, remaining blinking for about 3 minutes, then it rose higher."
It quickly disappeared. Then four bright spheres appeared, zigzagging rapidly and crossing each other, they were approximately there for 30 minutes. They seemed like Starlink satellites but crossed and disappeared while rising, they stayed still and rose until disappearing. Within those 30 minutes, another red light appeared, around 15 minutes after it rose into the sky.
It moved horizontally slowly with flashing lights and disappeared, increasing its speed towards the direction of Lake Rupanco."

The case was not studied because it did not have the original audiovisual file or the accuracy of the location of what was reported. As evidence, only the file "WhatsApp Video 2026-07-12 at 02.06.05.mp4" was received, whose metadata confirmed that it had been altered by the application and lost the record of its original capture.
A study location was georeferenced on the shores of Lake Rupanco, in one of the sectors known as "Islote Rupanco" (Figure 1).

Research:

Figure 1

Figure 2 illustrates two objects present in the available footage.

Figure 2

From the metadata of the received video, only the duration of 44 seconds could be obtained.
seconds, that the size of their frames is 1024 x 576 pixels and that they were
              captured at a rate of 24 frames per second with a resolution of 72 dpi.
              It was also confirmed that it is not an original file.

              Due to the above, it was not possible to identify what was reported in the 1,091
              available frames, nor to locate it geographically or determine the azimuth of what
              was captured.
As a result of what was mentioned, the user was written to on July 13th and 14th requesting the original file and missing information; as this report comes to a close, no response has been received.

Due to the lack of audiovisual resources for study, the investigation folder was closed in accordance with numeral 2d (Only cases reporting original images, audios, or videos will be investigated) of the Technical Instructions.

Conclusion:   No original images, audios, or videos were reported.
Procedure, Investigation Timelines, Reception, Report Processing, and SEFAA Report Archiving
