{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-03 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525795","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29928","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2579,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/795/mufon-5525795.json","updb_database_id":5525795}
3 sightings of red spherical lights moving slowly across night sky near NY/PA state line

Last night (7/3/11) between 10:00 and 10:30pm, while watching fireworks from one of our hill top pastures, four of us (3 adults, 1 child) saw three separate red glowing objects move across the night sky. The first one appeared to be heading steadily in our direction, to the right and above where we were parked. Thinking it was a wayward firework we kept watching and waiting for it to explode 1 it didn1t. The light was moving in a straight-ish line, going faster than a low flying plane, but didn1t seem to be making any noise that we could hear between the explosions of fireworks going off in a many mile radius around us. Eventually my daughter got out of the truck and walked further out into the field to get a better, quieter view. While it was a fairly dark, clear country night we couldn1t make out anything but the spherical-looking light itself. My husband and I kept watching the fireworks with our grandson, occasionally checking back on the bright red glow. My daughter remained out in the darkness, yelling across the large open field periodically to draw our attention back to the object. She kept on eye on it for minutes as it continued behind us, where she said it seemed to be moving southward - then suddenly she could no longer see it, but she didn1t know if the light went out or maybe the object's position changed so the light was no longer visible. Within a few minutes of losing sight of the first one another red glow appeared from beyond the tree line and seemed to follow a similar trajectory as the first. After disappearing from view we saw a third one. About fifteen minutes later we left. There were no others that we noticed, and the whole strange sighting happened over maybe 10 or 15 minutes.  We speculated on whether it might be some kind of firework or connected to a nearby government contractor that has been involved in work on military stealth aircraft.
