{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496795","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62584","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3899,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/795/mufon-5496795.json","updb_database_id":5496795}
{cak} Brightly lit, triangular shapped object hovering over trees in Valley Forge Park.

On this particular evening I was driving home from work. Because of where I live, I always take Gulph Rd through Valley Forge Park to and from work. I was driving NW on Gulph Rd towards Phoenixville away from King of Prussia, when I noticed three very bright lights just over the tree line in the distance (I think I noticed them just about the time I passed the Washington Memorial Chapel). The lights were side by side. At first glance it looked to be an airplane of some sort. But as I drove closer I realized whatever it was, was too bright and too low to be a plane. I actually started to think that maybe they had built a tower in the park with lights at the top of it, but I knew that wasn1t logical because I would have seen this tower/monument by now. I also started to realize that whatever it was, wasn1t stationary. It was moving, but slowly. When I was finally back on a straight part of the road, I had decided that this was just too weird and started snapping pictures. As I got closer it was more apparent to me that this wasn1t a plane or a helicopter. I considered pulling over, but had someone behind me. It was also very dark and 17 degrees outside. But after my car had finally passed the lights (I couldn1t describe anything beyond that because of how bright the three lights were) I decided to look back at it out my driver side window. This is when I realized that it was literally just above the tree line and shaped like a Triangle. Once I was past the lights I could distinguish the shape vividly. 
After my experience I was a little shaken up. I called my mom, who thought I was just pulling her leg. But after I sent her the pictures, she was convinced. She even went as far as to research sightings in Valley Forge. She came up with two interesting stories. One, was of George Washington, who had reported witnessing a UFO in the now park. And a few years ago someone else had reported a very similar story to mine, which made me feel less crazy. 
I have been living in the area for almost 5 years now, and I visit the park often. I know this park in and out. I know what the planes flying overhead look like. And I1ve seen my fair share of helicopters and drones. This to me was just so weird and unexplainable. It took me almost a week to even send in my story. I1m open-minded about unexplainable events, but I personally do not come to conclusions without thinking about it first. Even if this was totally explainable, it was still weird and definitely a story worth sharing.
