{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-28 03:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289795","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113558","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3280,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/795/mufon-5289795.json","updb_database_id":5289795}
Huge blocking out all stars above me six or more violet or black light colored circles directly above me all were in a row then stared flying around

I was just getting to work at the New York New York casino’ I started at four am. I worked in soft count. I was still new so I was parking on the top floor of the parking garage. I would get there early to sit in my car drink my coffee and enjoy the peace before I had to jump into the crowd below. There was know one on the top floor of the parking structure but me, about a quarter to four I got out of my car I remember the weather was beautiful I was looking around at the stars since I was high above the lights of Vegas you could see them very well, this is when I noticed the stars where being blocked out it looked like just over the casino I was looking east and up, the stars were being blocked out over me and from side to side over to the next casinos I couldn’t see anything but black a lot ! Covering the stars I noticed it was moving west toward the mountains towards Pahrump it was moving very slow but steady I didn’t know what to think. I was trying to focus on what it could be and I saw a line of circles about ten they were in line in the direction it was moving it was very hard at first to see them they were the color of a black light the lights started moving around each other the one in the back would move to the left and go to the front and the light in front would move to the right and move in line in the center they started moving faster in and out of each other but staying in line. I was very interested in what it was I couldn’t take my eyes off of it, I thought know one was going to believe me right then I took out my iPhone and started filming what I was seeing, then I realized what the hell am I doing fear griped me and I hit the ground, very scared now because I was alone and didn’t know what this was I was kneeling for a couple of minutes I got a grip on myself stood up and walked fast to the elevator I looked back as I got on I could see it was past the casino now and still moving slow towards the mountains. I was very upset, I almost went back home. I told one of my coworkers and they made me feel like and idiot so I didn’t mention it again. This thing was huge and know one seemed to notice it but me.I looked at my phone as soon as I got home and it’s totally black if you look close you can see white spots moving but nothing else, it’s not very good. I don’t know anything about enhancing video but if you do I sure would like to see it.
