{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467795","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92851","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2389,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/795/mufon-5467795.json","updb_database_id":5467795}
{rjl} It was a large glowing orb that arose out of the Monterey Bay.

It was a large yellow glowing orb that arose out of the Monterey Bay. This was after dinner, and I was looking down on the Bay from a property on the mountains in Aptos but with a clear view of the Monterey Bay. I saw a light under the surface of the Bay and all of the sudden it came out of the water, with kelp sliding off of it. It rose out slowly, and I told my dinner mates (a friend and my husband) and we all watched it. It rose from that area which LOOKED like it came out from the north side of the bay, and then took forever, about 15-20 minutes to rest opposite of the smoke stacks of the Moss Landing Power plant, in the air.  We had a spyglass so we looked at it through that (unfortunately, no cell phones then) and we saw a series of lights around the perimeter, that looked like this: ()()()()()() and they were green and amber and yellow. It finally decided (I guess) to hover in front of the Moss Landing Coal Power plant (don't ask me why we have a coal powered plant here, I have no clue). We were looking at it through the spy glass (you know, one of those brass things people keep in their living rooms when they live on the coast), and we saw an arm from the back that came out and over, and then it extended things that looked like long extended pinchers that came out from it and it was apparently going to the smoke stacks. I have no idea what that was about. I don't know what it was doing. We watched it for awhile, and then about 20 minutes later it winked out. It didn't fly off, it just winked out, like an eye closing. So I guess that was about 50 minutes in totality. 

Feelings: Uneasy. Uncertainty. Astonishment for an extended period of time. Puzzlement.

Any other questions? Call me please.
