{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-24 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494795","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64666","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3139,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/795/mufon-5494795.json","updb_database_id":5494795}
Witnessed what looked like a fireball outside window, and than I proceeded to film it.

On the early evening of August 24/2014 at around 8 p.m., I witnessed a sphere that originally looked so bright that I thought it was a fireball. I filmed this craft/sphere with my Ipad2, for a brief period facing my backyard approaching from behind the house and then over the house. The sphere originally was very bright, almost like it was on fire.I managed to film it for one minute at first and when it was about to go out of my sight, I shut off the camera (as the storage was minimal on the camera). The sphere initially appeared over our backyard and seemed to stop for a moment and than continue right above my girlfriend and I. After I stopped filming initially, the crafts bright light seem to go dull and I could now see a black sphere and what appeared to be a search light. At this point I turned the camera back on and captured the change in the sighting of the sphere as it was approaching above the house and about to leave our sight. Before it actually left our sight, the sphere reversed as if it knew I was filming it and made a very loud pop or bang and than it actually shot or fired to the right as if it was a jet boost. It is hard to see it on the video doing this at the beginning of the black sphere part 2 video, but if you look close and listen you will hear the craft make a loud bang and than burst or shoot to the right almost like a nitrous oxide burst. Also at this point the black sphere/craft looked like it had a search light as it was moving left to right, which was much different than the video I shot just seconds before. The quality on the first video is great but it is a bit hard to see on the part 2 video (at the beginning at least) but if you watch in HD and look closely you can really see it above the house. I than proceeded to chase it around the house and filmed it as it passed over my town, as far as I could film it. This is my third bizarre sighting, I will site the other video related sighting which was filmed in the same place on August 6 2014 at night case number 64143 (Ryan Miles MUFON investigator). These sightings can be viewed in best quality on YouTube under the name CodsterL, however I attached two fair quality videos to this report.
