{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-09-03 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548795","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8152","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2750,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/795/mufon-5548795.json","updb_database_id":5548795}
bright, white light moving across sky making no noise

this event happened on the friday before labor day in 1968. i was living in charlotte,nc at the time. on that weekend my wife and i went to my sisters home in chester county, sc. this is where i was raised. we got there just before it got dark. we unloaded some things from the car and took them into the house. my nephew,donald, was helping me. he was about 9 years old at the time. donald and i went back outside to look at the moon with binoculars. i had 10 x 50 binoculars that i had just bought. as donald was looking at the moon, i saw a brilliant white light coming across the sky. my first thought was one of the earth satellites that was in orbit early in the space program. i got the binoculars from donald and started looking at the object. i immediately knew this was no satellite. it appeared to be a disc that rotated inside a larger disc. i could see lights inside the rotating disc. i called my wife and my sister to come outside. i gave my wife the binoculars and asked her to look at the object. her first words were "what is that, its rotating ?" i had not said anything about it rotating. we all took turns looking at it. it was probably no more than 2 or 3 minutes. the object was moving at a fast rate of speed. it was moving from left to right, which would be from northwest to southeast. as it went away from us, it appeared to stop and hover in air for maby a minute or more. then suddenly the whole sky was illuminated by abrilliant white light. i would describe it as seeing a flash from a camera in a dark room. after that everything went dark. there never was any sound at all. there was no wings like an airplane. it just appeared to be disc rotating within a disc. this was no star, meteor, or anything like that. i know this was a long time ago but i will always remember what we saw. most people seemed unistered when i told them what we saw. i have a bs degree in chemistry and have always tried to apply scientific approach to things. i have spent much time outside at night looking up at the sky. never have i saw anything like what we saw that night. it was an ufo.
