{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530795","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24673","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4004,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/795/mufon-5530795.json","updb_database_id":5530795}
Beginning in June I have noticed this light every clear night above my house.

My experience started when I was hanging out with one of my friends at his apartment in Tewksbury MA. One late night around 1:30 in the morning a star like object, star like in the type of blinking, non-constant light that it emitted, began to rise above the treeline you can see from his porch. It was ignorable until the movements did not match any known planes or helicopters that I am used to seeing on a regular basis. It rose, in scale, about one inch in the sky, about 6 inches to the right, back down an inch, rising to the left about an inch up and 6 inches out. That light made enough of an impression on me that for the next few weeks, I kept my eyes to the sky. This one night, back at my house in Billerica, MA, I was again awake at around 12:30 1 AM, and I noticed a similar light in almost the same position in the sky. I thought considering how bright it was that it was potentially a star or even Venus, but after watching the amount of progress this object made moving across the sky while the other stars in the area were stationary, I was sure this was the same object. I watched it for at least 2 hours just cruising at a relatively low elevation. During those two hours, a red blinking light accompanied its airspace, coming from the south east sky, moving to the northeast then north part of the sky, and then it would go bak where it came into sight. It would repeat this several times over the course of the night, while the main bright light just continued to hover slowly over the general area. After noticing those two objects faithfully for a week at the same times of night, I decided to call my friend in Tewksbury, "Pete", and after describing what part of the sky to look, i told him about this light. Giving him the description of the object and its placement in the sky, he told me, "That's exactly where the light I always see is." Right when he recognized the object I was talking about, the power on my street began to go out, starting at one end of the road and blackening all the way to where I was. At the moment that my power went out, a bright white flased seemed to bring on the darkness. Instatnly I had chills from head to toe and I told my friend, "Jeff" I was with to drive to Petes. Driving there, I kept my eye on the still stationary light in its position in the sky. After turning on to 129 in Billerica, the object began to accelerate and decelerate at an amazing speed, almost as if it were chasing us. Its elevation was relatively low as it continued chasing me, until I got to Petes apartment. By the time I got there, Pete was asleep, and the light was floating high above the parking lot. After i decided to go home, I again looked at the light, which for the rest of the night stayed there and never left. That was at 3:30 in the morning. That was the only hair-raising experience this object has given me, but writing this in late July, 2010, the object is still there faithfully, every clear night. This after multiple other sightings/experiences at my house makes 6 events that I have yet come to a definite conclusion as to what happened, all happening at my house, not just my road, but my property. I feel this object needs to be reported, as it is one of the only times an object is faithfully in the same sky every night. Thanks for listening.
