Case No. 1384 02012021

Date: December 31, 2020.

Approximate Time: 21:22 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: M. C. C., 29 years old.

Description: The informant reported seeing and photographing what he considered an aerial anomaly for two minutes at 21:22 (HL) on December 31, 2020, from Villa Angosta, Licantén, Region of Maule.

He described the observed object as a "round" and red object from which he could not accurately determine the size, but that was approximately 400 meters away from where he was.
It was moving silently and slowly,
ascending and descending.

He concluded his testimony by stating (sic): "We saw a red object at
low altitude between the hills that moved up and then down, after which
it disappeared from our view between the hills. It had a bright red
color, it might be a drone but looking at the photo we are not sure
that is what it is."

The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 34° 58’ 52’’ S and
71° 59’ 39’’ W. (Figure 1)

                                  Figure 1
Images: The user sent two photographs in jpg format and one
edited image in png format. Figure 1 is the first of the original
case photographs, and Figure 2 shows the reported phenomenon
enlarged 400 times. Figure 3 shows the phenomenon in the second
original photograph, enlarged 600 times.

One of the reported phenomenon photographs.
One of the reported phenomenon photographs, enlarged 400 times.
The second of the photos of the reported phenomenon, magnified 600 times.

The three images that supported the report were perused through ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF (Falsification by Copy and Motion) analysis, confirming that the original photographs exhibit no signs of digital manipulation that could be attributed as intentional.

The examination of the metadata information revealed that the two JPG-formatted images were taken with a Panasonic (Lumix) DC-Fz80 semi-professional digital camera model.
The reported date. Between both captures, 16 seconds elapsed.

Moreover, the third image is only a digital enlargement of the first photograph.

Photographic analysis of the images confirmed the unique presence of what was reported, delimiting its silhouette and volume. In Figure 2(a), the boundaries of the apparently parallelepiped-shaped silhouette of the object in the image are marked with four green arrows. On the other hand, the central bright object does not have regular geometric boundaries.
As indicated with a red arrow, Figure 2(b) shows the same object in its original dimension alongside a frame that magnifies it. Based on this magnified detail, it was defined that the object was not
Added to the scene, since there are no white coloring pixels in this frame.

Figure 2

As shown in Figure 3, the reported object became invisible.
While flying "between the hills" it was not because it was hidden as it descended behind the vegetation next to the photographer.
Figure 3

Both the description of the movement characteristics and
the analyses of the images are consistent with paper flying lanterns or lights. (Figure 4)
                             Figure 4

Conclusion: Based on the analysis of testimony and geographical, forensic, and image studies, it was concluded that the reported sighting corresponded to a paper lantern in flight.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained."
