{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-04-16 07:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549520","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3436","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4772,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/520/mufon-5549520.json","updb_database_id":5549520}
[Description omitted by submitter/cms/tg/10.10.2012]

Sighting Report:  On Friday April 8, 2005 I was scheduled to meet
someone in the parking lot of Schering-Plough Pharmaceuticals,
Morris Avenue in Union, New Jersey. I had arrived about 45 minutes
early so I sat in my truck and listened to a radio talk show. It was
about 1:30-1:45PM and it was a beautiful mostly clear day with some
very high lines of white clouds on a mostly blue sky. There was some
breeze, but I don t recall there being much.

I was facing an unobstructed view of the north easterly sky over the
top of the Schering facility and looking at nothing in particular as
I listened to the radio, when I noticed a dark "dot" moving/flying
in a slightly undulating manner in a very open section of the sky.
It was moving from almost straight ahead of me towards my left.
Because it wasn t flying in a straight line with a purpose as a
plane or jet would, I thought at first it was a bird flying up
pretty high. I kept thinking that at any second I would see wings or
see it do something bird-like. I could not estimate how high it was
since I had no real point of reference. Although there were plenty
of planes and jets going by at various altitudes, I can only say
that this was a dark dot by comparison; it appeared to be round and
about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.

Anyway, after observing its gently arcing flight, I noted that it
suddenly stopped and was standing perfectly still in the sky. I
think this was due north. I kept watching it, now thinking that
since I can t see wings and a bird wouldn t hover so long that maybe
it might be a helicopter. It must have remained perfectly stationary
for at least 45 seconds to a minute. I kept looking and looking at
it; I took off my sunglasses, put them back on, looked through my
open side window, through the windshield and then back through the
open window again, but couldn t see anything else except an unmoving
dark dot. Meanwhile, planes and jets continued to move about in the
sky although none appeared to pass close by the dot. At no time did
I ever see any shine or glint of sunlight reflecting back from this
object.

Anyway, it finally started to move again and now it is moving back
more or less in the direction it came from, from my left to the
right but it appears to be rising up "higher" before it again stops.
I continue to stare at it, and now it appears that small "pieces"
are "shooting" from the top of the dot (the dot now appears very
slightly elongated but not much larger). When the "pieces" come
"arcing" out of it I can t see them anymore, they disappear and the
sky looks a bit fuzzy around the dot. At the time I am thinking to
myself that maybe it looks fuzzy just because I am staring at it so
intently.

After sitting stationary for what I am estimating to be about 10 to
15 seconds the dot moves in yet another direction (more to the
right, but "down" and more level now) and I am thinking it is also
going "away" from me because it appears even smaller. Again, it s
flight is not a straight line like a plane or jet, it is more a
gentle arcing motion. It moves quite a distance across the sky (from
left to right but it s in front of me now rather than to my side)
before I see it start to move "up" and very suddenly it is gone
completely.

I keep looking and looking in the same area thinking that the dot
will reappear and I will see that it is a shiny plane, a helicopter
or even a bird, dragonfly or bumblebee, but I do not see it again.
The entire episode lasted for perhaps 5 minutes and I am still
thinking there is a logical explanation as to what it might have
been.

By the way, I am 51 years old and while I am intrigued to imagine
that there might be UFOs from other worlds surveying us, I am not
comfortable enough with what I saw to blab to my friends that I saw
a UFO. I did tell a friend who says he has experienced some unusual
sightings, and he suggested I report what I saw for you to
investigate. I have not included my telephone number because my
husband pooh-poohs talk of such "sightings."
