{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-13 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451520","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110128","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3208,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/520/mufon-5451520.json","updb_database_id":5451520}
I was just trying to catch a fish. Didnt catch one on tge rod but i landed a doozie on the video

We recently lost our mother like a day or so ago. So here i was just at my grandparents old house on the water edge just fishing a little trying to clear my head and such now by this point the sun was down theres no moon out and the sky was clear and beautiful as expected with finally having a few good weather days. Out of nowhere i hear an ambulance siren ( im guessing ) and i see something moving in the sky. Immediately my first thought was oh man somebody got hurt or something they sent an ambulance and an emergency air lift in. But the first thing i noticed was that whatever was up there wasnt producing any notable sound that i could make out And if it was a helo it didnt have any indicator lights which i doubt would be overlooked by a highly trained Professional EMT because the location im at is less than five miles from a small airport which constantly has a flow of small passenger and personal airplanes so it’s nothing indifferent to see lights moving in the sky at night. It came closer and closer and eventually flew adjacent to where i was fishing. Once it got close enough to determine a shape i quickly realized i saw nothing that told me this was a plane or helicopter no lights, the shape, the maneuvers and speed and not to mention if it were a helo flying at the trajectory it passed along with the thought that whats in the video is the is the blade-span spinning the helo would have flow past me on its side and even upside down at times all while remaining completely silent. After a close camera video of the object you can actually see it dart off camera at an extreme speed before i even started moving to track it with my phone i found it again and tracked its movements for a moment. I then try to show my nanas house and across the water where the anomaly first appeared to give the video some barring and direction but keep in mind no moon out and its damn near pitch p. then turned around again from showing the neighbors across the way. And whatever it was i lost it with out a trace. I was only turned around for a few moments tops so this experience is LITERALLY an object that was flying that i Couldn't explains. I have never been into the whole ufo scene but ummm. I cant explain this naturally. All video was shot with an iphone 8 plus and i zoom in and out a lot cause i was in disbelief and shock and trying to get w better view of the craft
