{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-06 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519520","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37379","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/520/mufon-5519520.json","updb_database_id":5519520}
Solid red, then solid green, then bright flash and vanished

I observed an orb or oval-shaped object appear over trees located in a wooded area a mile and a half directly south of my house. I was in my garage, smoking a cigarette looking southward. The garage door was fully open and the garage lights were turned off. Prior to the observed object, I had been shining a fairly powerful green laser pointer towards the exact same area that the object was observed. A few seconds after I stopped shining the laser in that direction, a solid red orb suddenly appeared over the tree tops. I was looking in the exact same direction as it appeared so I definitely saw nothing in the sky before it appeared. It did not appear to ascend from the ground, or at least it was not lit up prior to ascending above the tree tops. It remained above the tree tops as a solid red color for approximately ten seconds, then moved laterally about 100 feet, then instantly turned a solid green. It remained still, hovering above the tree tops for only 5-7 seconds in the solid color green, then instantly either very quickly flashed a bright white light on and off or even seemed to spin at a very high rate and then disappeared. It did not leave a vapor trail or any sort of trail as it did not appear to speed away from its hovering location. It simply disappeared as opposed to leaving at a very high velocity. The only thing I can offer to explain the nature of the light sequencing is that it simply turned them on then turned them off. Also, at no point did I hear any noises coming from the object.
I was astounded at the very homogeneous nature of the red color it first appeared as. I knew right away that it could not have been an airplane, helicopter, blimp or other type of earthly aircraft that have alternating, flashing red and/or white marker lights. It could not have been some type of firework. I look up in the night sky all the time and I am aware of what I see (high and low flying aircraft, shooting stars, stars, planets, nebulae, the Milky Way galaxy, constellations, man made satellites in orbit around the earth, etc.). I was not able to identify this object as it did not behave as any of the previous objects would behave when observed. The fact that it was able to hover, stop completely, change colors and then disappear was very curious to me. Also, the fact that I seemed to "induce" this event by shining my green laser pointer in the exact area that it appeared was somewhat troubling to me. Did I "upset" the object and did it "retaliate" by showing itself to me? I don't know but I am 100% sure of what I saw and I have no explanation for it.
