{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-01 23:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492037","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67515","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2490,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/037/mufon-5492037.json","updb_database_id":5492037}
{jpg} 2 lights, one brighter than the other, but also other red lights in area moving strangely.

I was in Greece, camping for the summer holidays and at that exact time i was having dinner, when the chef shouted "UFOs!" Then most people in the restaurant left their tables and went to see the UFOs. I was one of these people and everybody was extremely amazed and some may have even been frightened. I wasn't as that was my 4th time seeing UFOs. However, it was surprising, because there were planes in a close proximity. The objects didn't seem to move away or anything, so I thought that I was looking at Venus and some other star which was close to it, so they looked like UFOs. But then the objects moved north and continued hovering. By that time, everybody had left the scene and I went to grab my laser which has a very long range. I pointed the laser at the bigger object and shone the green light at it. It looked as if the laser had hit it and at that time, the objects seemed to move slightly up and started pulsating. So technically you can say that I've made contact with UFOs, but it wasn't direct! Unfortunately, I couldn't take any pictures, because my phone didn't seem to be working then for some strange reason. Then they continued moving NW and faded away and disappeared. Then they came back again to the same place they were before. This happened 3 times. In addition to that, you could see these 2 tiny red lights in the sky at the same time as the other 2 lights, moving in different directions and in straight lines and changing direction. I also realized that people in other countries saw the same 2 bright lights in the same day by looking at the recent 20 sightings. Such one was in Indiana, US.
It was a worldwide phenomena, there were UFOs there that night I'm sure of that and I know that they were real, they were not figures of my imagination. There was 25 witnesses.
