{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-09 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525037","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30762","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3366,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/037/mufon-5525037.json","updb_database_id":5525037}
Oval shaped flying jellyfish looking UFO. Dark center, looks like a living creature.

I was out in the driveway 4 days ago around 5 a.m. 

I spotted a flying object that had irregular flight patterns. The object decended and then vanished into the air. Then, I saw another one. I ran inside to get my wife and she came out into the driveway. We saw several star like objects moving in the sky over about 1/2 an hour. One decended at a rate that is impossible. I would estimate about 20,000 ft in less than 2 seconds. We then tracked one along and it completely vanished right in front of our eyes. We saw another one that moved across the sky and then stopped. Less than a second later it took off at a speed that is absolutely impossible. I would estimate that it went from 0 to 5,000 mph or more instantaneously. We saw another one fly directly into a cloud that had lightning flashing. 

I have been out there every morning since that first experience and I have seen them every single day. At least 4 or 5 per night. They look like flying stars. I started taking my binoculars out with me and this is what I saw this morning.

2 of them flew right over my backyard. About 10 minutes apart....on the exact same flight path. I was standing behind my truck when the first one came by. I got my binoculars on it and I rested my elbows on the tailgate to keep the binoculars steady.

I saw a jellyfish type looking creature that appeared to be a living creature. It was oval shaped and had a black center. In fact, it much resembled a human blood cell. It had a glow in the dark type appearance that was blue. It appeared almost to be a blue glowing gelatin like substance surrounding some type of nucleus. It had a bulb type bottom and top and had like two bumps on either side that made it sort of look like a stretched out flying gelatin blue jellyfish Saturn. Sounds strange...but that is exactly what I saw and I saw it quite clearly. Semi transparent. It's almost like you can see right inside it.

I have no idea what it could have been....my final best description is.... It was a blue, semi transparent, jellyfish like, dark nucleus in center, it appeared to be living, glowing, saturn type look to it. I ran inside to tell my wife, my adrenaline was pumping and my hands and voice were shaking. I simply could not believe I actually saw one close enough to see what it is. I tracked it for as long as I could and it vanished in the distance. Another one came by about 10 minutes later but I could not get a look at it like the first one. I know what I saw. I never really believed before but I know....there are unknown things flying in the sky. No one can ever convince me that there is not something out there because I clearly saw it. Truly unbelievable.
