{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505037","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53836","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3300,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/037/mufon-5505037.json","updb_database_id":5505037}
{kt}Dark hoovering chevron shaped craft near highway first 150' then blinked out and was 60' from us

As reported to ASD by phone: 

I am a retired Air Force pilot and retired commercial pilot. I called this in because I do not want my name made public, but the event is so strange that I felt that someone should know about it. I was traveling home with my wife on Highway 152 near Liberty, MO after a New Year party when we both noticed a large chevron shaped craft to the NW of our position that was very low and appeared to be hoovering. 
 The craft was stationary and almost completely sideways, meaning that we saw the top or bottom of the craft as the wing portions were pointing almost directly vertical. It was similar in shape to the Stealth bomber but had elongated wings that bent back towards the rear. The craft was a dark grey or black color and has rounded edges along all of the sides. There were yellow/gold dull lights on the tips of the wings, which brightened and dulled several times. I saw no red or green lights on the craft, which indicates that it was not a conventional aircraft. I began to slow down because I was concerned. The craft moved only slightly as it hoovered. My wife asked me what it could be but I had no explanation. Then the object disappeared and reappeared almost instantly (1 second) closer to us, only approximately 60' ahead of us and 30' to the side of the road. There were no other cars on the road at the time which I found odd given that it was New Years Eve. My wife and I only had one glass of wine earlier in the evening so were not under the influence of alcohol.
 What happened next I cannot explain and have been wrestling with this since the event occurred. We were suddenly driving down our own street which is three miles from where we saw the craft and it was an hour later! I do not have any recollection as to how we got from the highway to our street nor what happened for an hour when we should have been home within a few minutes. We both felt very tired suddenly and went directly to bed, then woke up very late the next day at around 1:00 p.m. which is not normal for either of us as we are early risers. We went about our business as usual that day, but later that night while watching television my wife asked me if I remembered seeing that strange craft last night and I suddenly remembered the event. This entire thing concerns me greatly and I'm confused about what we saw, and what happened to us during the hour of missing time. I have not spoken to anyone I know about it but needed to talk to someone and that is why I called because it has been weighing heavily on my mind. I would like to know if this has happened to anyone else.
