{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1947-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492451","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67086","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2752,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/451/mufon-5492451.json","updb_database_id":5492451}
{rjl} please read my story

In the early 1980's I was at a Healthy Week-End with a friend of mine who had invited me to join her.  While in Maine I met a woman at the lodge and I befriended her with a cup of coffee ( which was not in the lodge because they frowned on caffine) so I invited her to my cabin. She informed me she was the entertainment for the evening. She happened to be a physic - which she was not born with but became one after a very severe accident.  She did a reading for me because I had befriended her at the lodge. She told me things about my current life which were dead on correct - then she said she had something else to tell me but was not sure I was ready for it - and I said to her to "go for it". She said that my mother was taken by aliens when she was pregnant with me and they implanted something in her that was to merge with the baby in her uterus ( which was me)  From there she said that they took me several times over many years and they finally realized that the merge never took place and upon that knowledge they erased my memories -  I was born in Manchester New Hampshire in 1948  - I understand that in1947 Manchester was a hot spot for sightings of alien aircraft.  When I was 2 years old my mom had a partial historectomy because she had been having awful problems for a couple of years. The doctors informed my mom that they removed something from her that had been in her for 2 years and their best guess was that it was my twin ( no one knew I had a twin)  I grew up in a trailer since my dad was in the Air Force and we moved from base to base - my mom said that I drove her crazy because I could get out of the trailer even when she was standing outside my bedroom door - this something she would tell me all through growing up - I could escape from anywhere it seemed. At 7 my dad died and we moved to Mass. from Kansas to live with my grandmother. Over the years I thought my lack remembering my early years was due to the death of my dad - because my life begins at 7 years old. Well, not sure I have told the story well - but was wondering if you have other stories like this one.  sincerely Marsha
