{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-08-15 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519451","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37456","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2611,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/451/mufon-5519451.json","updb_database_id":5519451}
small white or metallic. had disc instead of propellor.

Involved a small plane with a wingspan of approximately 30 inches. I was about 2yrs. 11 mos. old. My family had just moved into a new house which my parents had built in a rural area perhaps 25 miles west of Grand Rapids, Michigan outside the town of Grandville. This was a dirt road among a network of dirt roads. 

I was in the backyard investigating the grass and flowers as kids do at that age when I heard a buzzing noise like a bumble bee, but louder. I turned to see an aircraft hovering above a fence post along the white picket fence that ran alongside our property. I knew this was an anomaly for the environment because it was not an animal. We lived near the Kent County Airport so I had already seen many planes by then. What solidified my intuition that this was an anomaly was that it ACTED like an animal. It moved when I did. i started to move towards the house and it started following me, albeit along the fence line. it inched forward a bit and remained hovering. That was all I needed to see. I turned and ran to the house screaming bloody murder and the buzzing got very loud as it followed along the fence line just like a tiny engine would do if you open the throttle. Before I got to the backdoor I turned and it had gotten perhaps ten yards away but never crossed over the fence line and it stopped and hovered again. I let out a scream and fumbled at the door trying to get in before the thing attacked me. I turned as I opened the door and the thing had vanished. My mother was inside in the kitchen and had not seen nor heard it.

On the 1/2 mile road there was the home next to ours, where no one was home. It was owned by a Deacon from a local church and his wife. They had one or two older children in their late teens living at home yet, but as I said, no one was home. Aside from that the next house was perhaps about a city block away and owned by kindly old farmer. In back was a mile long field with a pond at the other end.
