{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-08-24 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284451","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118968","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3639,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/451/mufon-5284451.json","updb_database_id":5284451}
Ufo sighting on drive to Aberdeen from Norfolk. Had left border on way to Edinburgh. Near nuclear base.

My experience happened when I was with my then-boyfriend We were travelling to my Mum's in Montrose Scotland from Norfolk. I was driving. It was the week Princess Diana died cause that happened after, though I can't mind the exact day we travelled I know we only stayed at Mum's for a few days. We had stopped at the border about midnight and had a rest for a bit, not long. I was new to driving and this was my first proper long drive. There's a road on the way to Edinburgh that windes and is a fairly desolate area, bar some lush trees here and there. It was dark but, the night sky seemed to have become bluer and brighter, as I recall. There had been signs for the nuclear "factory/base" thing that we had not long passed (to our right). I saw something to our left and clearly, I was driving so I did look and managed to focus on the road. It was a bright light bouncing along about maybe double my height (I'm 5'4"). I said "what's that?" he said "I dunno, just spotted too" honestly was thinking must be a helicopter, but nothing was like a helicopter so quickly ruled that out. it bounced like someone was pissed, drunk driving, bouncy, bouncy... it didn't look big, really small to be fair, almost like I could have got my arms around it. Might have been the distance though that made it seem that way. It kept coming towards us. At this point we are getting a bit excited and still talking like: Look at it bounce, it's coming this way". Then, suddenly (I'm still driving by the way) it was above us, in front like it wanted us to see it. And it was humungous. Proper gigantic. I can say I think it would have covered at least three football pitches... no sound... no vibration. Stopped as if nailed to the sky.  Lights everywhere... it was round, it was a triangle.... it had like white... then some coloured.... honestly believe "they" were looking at us and chose to reveal as no other cars behind dor in front for at least half an hour before.....   I was excited, I wanted to slow down and did a bit, my then man was really scared. He kept shouting "put your foot down" over and over.... I was in awe.... I then began to think (as I'm a mother) I need to stay for my kids.... so I began to put my foot down.... as I did that it suddenly pinged off like a gazillion miles an hour as a tiny white light.... awesome is the closest verb I have to relay my feelings. We were over-excited for the rest of the drive, it never came back and seriously my man had been truly scared... I was calming him down and we had to keep looking at each other to compare our shock and experience. All these years later I can still mind what happened. we split up and didn't speak for some years. We are back in touch and together we can still remember that night like yesterday.  I feel the need to share this despite having told this to others where they can take it or leave it ||I don't care. I know and so does my ex... that's enough for me.
