{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491451","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68115","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2530,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/451/mufon-5491451.json","updb_database_id":5491451}
dark figure in house

On November 10th 2012, I ended up going to sleep early. It was roughly 18:30hrs when I fell asleep on the couch in the living room. It felt like I just closed my eyes for a second when I woke up having a strange feeling that something wasn't right. I tried to move but It was difficult so I panicked. I went to feel if my dog, who was a puppy at the time, was there. It took a lot of work but I felt her with my toes. Next, I tried to see if the cat was around. I saw it on the, I don't know what you call it, arm chair? Anyways, I saw it there not moving. I still couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong then I noticed it. I noticed that feeling that I wasn't alone and that there was something else in the house with me. I remember the feeling I got from it, it felt...dark? Empty? I don't know how to explain it but it definitely didn't feel normal. I couldn't figure out where it was so I layed back down thinking I was just imagining things. Something happened that made me realize I wasn't imagining things. In the house I heard the faint creak of someone or something stepping on the floor board. I can't quite explain what happened next but from what I can recall, I tried to get up but froze. So, I turned my eyes in the direction of the kitchen and that's when I saw this strange figure,obscured by the darkness, just standing there before it started to walk over towards the couch. I don't remember much of what happened afterwards but I just remember I woke up at 05:30 scared and gasping for air. I tried to pass it off as just a bad dream and I was imagining things but I couldn't shake the fact that whatever, or whoever it was, the floorboards creaked under it and since the doors were locked when I woke up, it made me question it as a dream. Still to this day, I don't know if it was a dream or an encounter or what but the sound of the creaking floorboards is stuck in my mind.
