{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-10 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292451","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110871","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3229,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/451/mufon-5292451.json","updb_database_id":5292451}
3 stationary orbs over Miami, orbiting each other

I am an instrument rated pilot. While on my morning walk in Naples, FL, I observed what appeared to be 1 object which split into 3 orbs. 

The objects flashed orange, green, red, and white. The object initially appeared as a single object. From my position, the object was southeast of my position, in the direction of Miami. Due to the slant of the object from my location, it appeared to be either high altitude over Miami, or between Miami and Naples over the Everglades. No sound present.

The object was not on an arrival or departure route Corridor into MIA, FLL, etc. I observed 2 airliners during the time period which passed over Naples into Miami. The object was stationary over the city and did not precess as the other night stars and objects. Venus was clearly visible ( the object was to the south and east of Venus), and at one point, I saw a satellite move overhead in a straight easterly direction. Venus preccessed across the sky. The object did not.

As the object rapidly flashed colors, I initially thought it was one object until I could see 3 objects, which would rotate or orbit around each other. At times, I could see the objects were dark, Spherical in shape, as one would pass in front of the light of another. The orbs orbited tightly around each other. Seemed to appear, merge or disappear, then reappear.

The objects were not aircraft with any type of navigation lights, strobes or beacons. Hard to make out exact shapes from the distance, but clearly spherical in shape, appeared to be flashing light orbs when lit. No wings, stabilizers, etc.

As I walked home, I wanted to get a better 4K camera. Lights were still visible as sun began to come up. Other stars were obscured but only Venus and object were visible to the East and southeast, moon was to the west. By the time I was home and grabbed 4K camera, object was barely then not visible with the naked eye.

Unfortunately, Best video I was able to take was at a distance with an iPhone 11. Was on a 5 mile walk and was at furthest point. Object remained stationary over Miami the entire time. Shape was and non-lit color is very similar to another object I previously observed inflight between AZ and NM.
