{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-07 14:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528451","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27130","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4412,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/451/mufon-5528451.json","updb_database_id":5528451}
Highly reflective sphere at about 5000 ft altitude daytime

Driving on single lane state hwy 288 north before Parker Creek at 2pm. Notice a sphere very reflective and below Armer Mt. peak and just above Sawmill Flats campground. It was just suspended in the very clear and bright blue sky. It stood out like a Christmas ball ornament, very surreal. I estimate it was about two miles ahead and about 1000 ft above my elevation, which was 4000ft. I watched as I drove slowly about one minute and it was clearly not a plane, ballon, or helicopter (no flight path here at that altitude anyway) and to0 large to be any kind of toy (well, maybe there are SUV and bigger remote spheres?). I estimate it was at least 30' across. I pulled over made grapped camera and tried to film. It slipped behind the tree line, but the sparkel or the craft can be seen behind on large pin on the ridge, no detail though and not worth posting. I continued the trip, noted only one retired type couple at Saw mills and the rest of the forest quiet as this was on a Thursday. The only thing odd was that just before it began to dip dwn a darker band or shadow seemed to ring it completely like a darker band, whereas just prior the shadowing was as though it was a ball and with that familiar curvature.

I am posting this now because I have been spending some time watching night skies since and filming just to educate myself about how differnt events appear on film....to avoid gullibility with YouTube postings (I have planes that look like missles etc b/c of contrails here...so I think a lot of nonsense on the videos...but some astounding stuff too.) Anyway, driving out toward Yuma proving ground, the site of sightings back in 1997 for those who lived south of Phoenix and prior to the Phoenix lights. We assumed then it was military related. I did report that to Mufon a few months ago. On one of those night trips a month ago a fairly obvious launch of some kind came from that direction....and I notice with closer inspection on Google Earth some pretty interesting patterns laid down by the military south of I-8 along the Ajo highway....can anyone explain why those patterns look like a compass or Free Mason type arrangments...it must have to do with bombing targets, and really just a coincidence, but it is odd...just curious. I guess I am starting to beleive our military has nore to say on this subject than they do.

Finally, what really prompts this is a very short, lucid type dream...so lucid I though it happened and got up and looked out my window at about 4am today. Short - I was standing overlooking a valley and could see lights way off in distance. Warm night and then, just like movies I guess, I look directly up to see a nose, then wings, etc of a super large.. I mean a miles wide, delta type craft, fly over very low and silent and headed west out over those lights. The detail I recall now is pretty weird. I won't bother with that as it was a dream and my mind has been on UFO's since that October event.... but, it felt like I was looking over the Sacramento River Valley toward the West.

That's it. Only a few times in my life have I had such a vivid type dream...and each of those turned out to be prophetic about significant specific events in my life. This didn't feel so personal, but had all the other "feel" of those few weird dreams of my distant past. If I were to gamble I would bet I will (and based on that dream, many will) see some giant delta craft in our lives. It did not alarm me at all, although it was rather aweinspiring, I was clearly not a "player" in this dream, just a small observer. I thought it odd I did not dream about the type of craft I so recently witnessed.

Otherwise, I shall spend more time looking up and listening to those who witness the unexplainable!
