{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-24 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528819","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26736","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3154,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/819/mufon-5528819.json","updb_database_id":5528819}
the object had a being on the ground searching for something

My buddy had just traded his plow truck for a green 95 ford f150 4x4. later that night we decided that we would test the 4 wheel drive in it on his property, besides, noone else was home so we were pretty bored. we ended up going to the ridge cause its close, (we didn't want to go far because we didn't have much fuel and didn't know if it would break down). Now up here in the winter its dark by 430pm, and it was roughly 630 when we got up there. my bud left the truck running cause it was cold and he shut off the lights so only the parking lights were on, but we were talkin and i had just finished my smoke, while my buddy was just lighting one, and as i threw the ciggerette out of the truck somthing caught my eye. it was to the right of the truck about 100 yards, and it was kinda shiny and just the corners were lit up on it. it was in the shape of a triangle, maybe 40 foot off the tops of the pines. but as i was just about to ask my friend what he thought it was the tops of the pines lit up about 100 feet from us, so my friend shut the truck off including the parking lights in seconds flat cause something was on the ground with a light and it was looking for something. it scaned the ground for 5 mins then the lights went away, but just as fast as it went away it came back and started to search around again. but this time the lights were brighter and closer. we sat and watched quietly, for another 10 mins and to be honest i was scared *(Word removed--CMS/sg) and im a good sized guy. i know that it wasnt a chopper cause they fly over head all the time, this was dead silent. the only thing that we heard was a low frequency hum.........thats it. well it seemed like the lights kept gettin brighter like they were gettin closer so i told my buddy we needed to get the hell out of there. but even after he started the truck and turn around it was still there, searching for something like it didn't care that we were there. it could have been up there for hours after we left. all i know is there is only one way in and there is NO possible way to get a truck in were we saw these lights. i thought at first maybe some one had a wheeler up there but its posted property......and no sounds, not even the sound of someone walking which there was something walking around cause we could see its light. this was a very intense situation. i know people get all freeked out when they see things in the sky, but how would they react if that something was out of the ship walkin around by them????
