{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-01-17 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521819","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34392","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5197,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/819/mufon-5521819.json","updb_database_id":5521819}
Sitting at my desk writing I had suddenly the impression I should go to next room and look and saw the thing through the window there at some distance.

It was on a cold evening in January that I was alone at home, sitting at my desk writing when I suddenly had the urgent need to go to the kitchen. So I stood up from my desk when I entered the kitchen I heard a low humming sound coming from outside and whan I looked at the window I saw bright lights coming from a disk shaped thing -where from the humming sound came - and the lights were very bright - yellow,green and red-orange.
I was absolutely amazed and stood still looking at this happening. The thing was at a distance about ca.10-15 metres outside just in front of the parking area so the cars were at the other side of the light object.
I felt I shouldn't move - had the feeling that I couldn't move anyway - and I heard the constant humming coming from the object that was hovering over the earth ca.4-5 metres above the ground. When I had been standing there looking for some time I suddenly felt that I should call my friend to ask him if he saw what I was looking at. To my surprise I managed to walk into the next room to call him and told him what I was looking at and asked him if he could see it too(this was really rather silly as he lived at some distance from my house and couldn't have seen the object)but he told me to get my binoculats to try to see better and if there was somebody inside the object. So I went back to the kitchen with the binoculars and thought that the object would likely have disappeared but to my surprice it was still there. When I looked through the binoculars nothing had changed - the object was still there hovering and glowing in green,yellow and red-orange colours. I saw this very clearly.I could only stand there and look but suddenly I could hear that the drumming sound changed somehow and became a little deeper and at the downside of the object there appeared a black metallic looking cylinder ca.1 1/2 meter wide and this cylinder moved slowly down towards the surface of the ground. I was completely stunned at this sight and didn't know what was happening. I had the impression that I should go on looking and so I did. After ca.2 minutes the cylinder touched the ground and began boring down under the surface -still with this drumming sound. Now I began to wonder if some neighbours were looking at this too but I saw nobody - and couldn't hear any voices from outside. I thought this was quite suprising and wondered that maybe my neighbours were too afraid to utter a sound.
I remember looking at my watch and realized that I had been looking at this object for more than half an hour as the clock now was half past nine( it was just nine o'clock when it began). I stood there and saw that the cylinder was still boring in the ground and the cylinder had to be pretty long as it had been boring down in the ground all this time. After some time I saw the cylinder move up again from the surface - very slowly - untill it disappeared again into the oval object. I couldn't imagine what the purpose could be of boring into the earth in front of the building like this, but when the cylinder had completely joined the object again the summing became lower like it was in the beginning of the event. 
Then, again - the summing sound changed a little and the colours were blinking a little quicker as the object began to move upwards slowly higher and higher until I saw it in the air about ca. 100 metres high. Then suddenly it moved slowly to north and still went further up - higher and higher - and at last flew rather quickly in the north direction to the mountains in north of the town. The night was still and clear - you could see the stars in the sky but I saw how the object flew rather slowly longer in the north direction until I lost sight of it. 
I looked at my watch and it was a few minutes past ten when I lost sight of it.So I had been looking at the object for a whole hour. I thought how amazing this had been and was sure that many people had been looking at the phenomenon besides me - and there would be some articles in the papers and some news about this "UFO" - sighting next day. To my big surprise nothing of this sort happened - no articles - nothing - and when I asked my neighbours the next day if they had seen something unusual the night before - just outside the building - nobody remembered having seen anything unusual. Today I'm still wondered what really happened and why I alone(?) had been seeing this object. Wish I could get an explanation....
