{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-19 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501819","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57211","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2945,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/819/mufon-5501819.json","updb_database_id":5501819}
{dr}Darkened object moving from North to South, caught sight in binoculars, no sound, no lights ... eerie

Out stargazing with 9x63 Binoculars with 20 yr. old son, perfectly clear night, good dark sky (no moon). Looking North-East towards maybe Lyra or Cygnus, large dark shadow crossed FOV, moving almost directly north to south .. blocked starlight as it moved, no lights but definitely could make out an outline.   No sound, object flew at constant velocity and straight. Difficult to tell distance of object ... definitely blocked multiple stars in backdrop as it cross the sky which gave me the mental impression the object must be lower in elevation ... but with no standard aeronautical lights it seemed out of place. Son was standing next to me and could neither see nor hear anything .. I thought about transferring the binoculars but it was moving so quickly and was essentially "black" in form against a mostly black dark sky, I knew there would be no possible way for him to locate it.  As it moved I could detect or sense a general shape .. at least for the leading edge .. a very subtle angle from tip sweeping back to both sides .. reminded me of the old Flying Wing shape from Northrum ... at least on the front edge.  Could not clearly distinguish shape in rear of craft.  This was NOT a satellite or Space Station ... those are quite bright. This object was DARK, and indistinguishably quiet.  Not like anything I've ever witnessed before ... 

Hoping someone else along Utah's Wasatch Front maybe saw this object as well but given its exquisite stealth (visual and audible) behavior ... I would be surprise if it was noticed by anyone w/o binoculars looking skyward at the stars.  It would be interesting to see if a radar signature was detected from the Salt Lake Airport at around this time ?

After the sighting was over I had to wonder if it was a military test flight .. but this seemed implausible as it would be highly unusual to fly in the dark, over populated cities. No way for me to distinguish height of object though .. but physically seeing it block multiple stars as it flew makes me believe it was at a lower altitude .. somewhere within the commercial level airspace .. at altitudes consistent with helicopter to small fixed wing aircraft altitudes.  If it was any higher, the object would have had to have been MASSIVE!!
