{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-12 19:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527819","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27794","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3608,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/819/mufon-5527819.json","updb_database_id":5527819}
6-8 starlike shapes moving at highspeed

I was sitting on our back porch after dinner. I heard or felt a low rumble/hum. I caught movement out of the corner of my eye in the sky. That movment is what really brought the object into my attention and then veiw. What I saw is like nothing I have ever seen before. I have watched ufo videos of bouncing lights and disc's. This was not something out of a bad syfy movie or some grainy home made movie. This was real. 

It was flying low in the sky but moving fast. Not like 1000's of mph fast but more like 200-300mph. It was also huge, it must have been 60-80 feet wide or more. As a visual que it went right between the treeline and my home. It did not glow, flash or even radiate light. How do I explain this???

It seemed like 6-8 dim stars moving through the night sky(bigger/brighter in the center and then smaller or fading out towards the ends), in a shape like the stealth bommer(b-2). Not the F117 but the big one. A very soft angled triangle shape. The starlike lights almost seemed to bend the light around the craft. The light was faint almost ghost like. Also when I was looking at the ???? whatever it was. The back half of the structure beyond the lights, it was like looking at a rippling water triangled shape in the sky. Honestly this really almost looked like it was a stealth bommer cloaked, but it made almost no noise. Just a light rumble if that.

I have seen all the small jets, large comm airlines and milatary jets fly over and they make quite a bit of noise but this was not like those. Even when they are flying high in the sky they make it known that they are flying over once they have pasted you.

I don't know what it is but I do believe that it did not think it would be seen. 

The object kept a striaght and level flight path. No bouncing or turning. It just kept moving steady in a north north west direction keeping parelle with the mountains and on the outside of the city. It just kept moving until it vanished from sight.

I was shocked when I spotted this. At first I was like no way it's got to be my eyes. Then I had to look harder and then I could see this thing in the sky. After it was gone. I went in side to tell my wife but she was asleep and did'nt want to get up to talk about this. She told me to draw it out and then turned over to fall asleep again. I am not artist but I tried. Then I told my teenage daughter that I saw something. She thought I was joking but then she realized I wasn't when I told her to get off the computer so i could report this.

I feel emotionally confuzed, amazed and fearful right now. I am still trying to process this right now. I know I saw this but it does not match anything I have ever seen before. This is something that I have not seen reported on before. I know this is simalar to the Arizona lights or where ever that happend, This was not a bright set twinkling lights. There was no color to it. It was like the starlight was reflecting off the frontedge of this craft.
