{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-04 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529819","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25690","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4160,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/819/mufon-5529819.json","updb_database_id":5529819}
Video of Intense Bright UFO Light Orb hovering and moving across Montreal Sky on evenings of Oct 2, 3 and 4th 2010 visible all night, near Dorval airport.

Video taken October 4th 2010 and posted on YouTube here: *Link moved to Additional Evidence Section below--CMS/sg.

On September 29th at 1AM Montreal suburb Cote Saint Luc residents reported seeing a UFO hovering over the Cavendish Mall. On October 2nd at around 9:30 PM I was putting my son to bed and felt compelled to look out my bedroom window. Right away I noticed an abnormally bright "star" that I had never seen there before to my knowledge. It hung in the sky at what looked like double the altitude the planes were flying at. I live close to Dorval airport and there is an aerial landing path on either side of my house. Plenty of planes fly by constantly. The star-like object captivated my attention. My son got out of bed and we both spent a good forty minutes watching it move across the sky slowly in a southern direction and an upward trajectory. It was moving slowly away from us. 
The strangest thing it did was it moved in reaction to a plane that was flying somewhat close to it, it moved up and away, also south really quickly compared to its other movement. Otherwise it's movements seemed to be hovering and gliding over. I noted its position in the sky before I went to sleep at midnight. 
On October 3rd the same object became visible as I was walking my dog with my son at 7:30PM. In an effort to distinguish this light from the stars, I actually noticed another similar strange light object. I pointed to what I assumed was a bright star, (had we been inside I would have only seen this from the front balcony) and said 1see there that is a star.1 Except upon closer inspection it was much like the other light, but farther away and it too was moving. It appeared to be a 2nd identical intense bright ball of light hovering in the sky. That 2nd light moved across the sky rather quickly, I kept checking on it and it moved in a northeastern direction but maintained a very high altitude. Again I noted its position in the sky before I went to sleep at midnight.

On October 4th I was ready to video the object, worried it wouldn1t come back or not be visible because of the cloudy weather conditions but sure enough at 8:30 PM it was back in its regular spot, and I had my tripod and HD camera pointed at the sky outside my back balcony. 
The video shows the object, which is essentially a ball of intense light. It looks to me like it could be rotating. The object is white light and the light radiating off the edges changes from bluish-purple to green.
My boyfriend witnessed this light with me and agreed it was very strange, saw that it moved positions and couldn1t be a star, satellite, plane or spotlight. It appeared to be hovering in space just beyond our atmosphere. We woke up at 4:52 AM on October 5th as the sky was beginning to brighten and looked out the bedroom window, same view as the back balcony, the light/object was still there except it was much closer and lower in the sky. I wasn1t able to record it, technical issues to due clouds and light, impatient to get back to sleep and overtired.
Also I wasn1t able to video the 2nd light/object last night. Not sure it was the same 2nd object I saw the night before. It looked like it might be, it was in the same spot as the night before but the cloudy conditions and the distance made it impossible to videotape. 
I1ve been scouring the Internet for similar reports and notice lots of similar images out there.
