{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-24 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483819","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76034","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2744,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/819/mufon-5483819.json","updb_database_id":5483819}
{jpg} Sphere like objects in night sky. Through binoculars were rapidly changing colors and flashing. A triangle was also witnessed flying low

Last night around 10:30 or 11 pm my father called me , my family and my girlfriend outside. He pointed out a bizarre looking star like object above an apartment conplex. He asked if that looked strange to us . Realizing that we have binoculars I quickly ran back inside and got them. Through binoculars of 20/80 we could clearly see that this object was flashing colors at a rapid pace. I watched it long enough to memorize the lightime order as white, red, blue, green,yellow. Me and my little brother ran to the other side of the complex it was above to try and get a better look, there wasn't much of a difference in what we could see from our new spot. However when we turned to walk back to our apartment my little brother pointed and said "is that another one?" I looked through the binoculars and to my amazement there hovering above our complex was another object just like the first. We called our dad over to look at our discovery. At the same time my girlfriend said to me "that right there is a plane right ?" My little brother answerved quickly "no a plane doesn't fly without lights" we sat there bewildered as a triangular object raced across the sky where it flew to the object over our complex and dissappeared. Before we all went back inside we counted 4 orbs in the night sky all like the first. All changing colors and hovering silently. I went back out about 20 minutes later to see if they were still there, I saw what I thought was a plane at first racing back from over our complex towards the original orb we spotted. Through binoculars I saw from what I believe to be a side view of the craft at first. It was triangular in shape with a red light in the back, a blue in front, and two white lights in between. It flew right over me and on the underside where three white lights. One on each point. My heart sank, I had no Ideal what I just looked at. I ran back inside to tell my father. When we returned outside every object we saw that night was gone without a trace.
