{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470819","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89668","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/819/mufon-5470819.json","updb_database_id":5470819}
{rjl} 3-D picture in a cloud

I am a christian man 76 years old and live in Joplin, MO. I watch your youtube programs regularly and have a great appreciation for you and others that bring to light the things that happen to people who have no one, usually, who wants to hear what they have to say about "strange" occourences in their lives.

I have had several things happen that are hard to explain but one of the strangest happened in April of 2016. As I do fairly often, I started out the back door with a cup of coffee to enjoy on the patio. I observed the sky that it was fairly overcast with billowly, light and dark grey clouds and then I saw something that caught my eye and could hardly believe what I was seeing. There in the front area of one of the clouds was an etching which was done in 3-D and not just a drawing. The picture remained on the cloud for another 20 minutes as I looked at it in amazement. There was no action around the picture as long as I watched it but after the 20 minutes it slowly started to go away and the cloud became just another cloud in the sky.

At this time I didn't have a camera that I could take a picture of the design with so I watched the news fully expecting to see the cloud on the news or in the News Paper but it never showed up. I tried to make a rough drawing of the design but I am not an artist so my best efforts do it no justice. 

The design was huge and just for a clue, the best I could guess, it was at least as large as a football field and the design was perfectly drawn and it had a nice border all the way around it. It was oval in shape, not square or round.

Has anyone else ever came to you with anything like this, ever? If I could get someone to draw the design for me I would be glad to send the drawing but the people I know who could do the drawing show no interest in doing it so as of yet I still only have my rough draft.
