{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-16 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495819","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63604","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3170,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/819/mufon-5495819.json","updb_database_id":5495819}
{rjl} Watching TV, strobe lights, looked, nothing, then peripherally saw it pointed at me, not directly, pushed thru ceiling; silent, left after 2 or 3 mins

I was watching television in the upstairs attic space, when there appeared to be a strobing of light. Checked the room, but when I turned to my right, strobing stopped.

I check again, then looked to my right, peripherally, and saw a bluish vessel, the skin looked like heavy plastic, had rotating lights and stationary lights and it had a front "windows" that were dark, I could not see it. 

When I looked right at it, it disappeared. When I looked back toward my TV, using my eyes to pan right, it was there again, and of course, whenever I looked at my TV, the stobbing began again.

After a minute or so, I got pretty tired of this and yelled at it to leaver if they had no other reason being there than to look. They left after another fifteen or so seconds. 

A dozen years earlier, I came home at 1:30 AM. I had left my curtains open and the TV on, intruder discourager, and as I was pulling my bags from my trunk, I looked up and leaning into the window, from behind curtains was a being that looked out at me, acted stunned and surprised and quickly, and frankly comically pulled back out of view. It was metallic, very agile and iridescent, almost opaque.

Well, I was pretty interested in what was going on, so quickly moved on, into my home, but nothing. Absolutely nothing.  

A few years earlier I had a ghostly encounter, but the sprit and I had achieved successful cohabitation, other than she liked to do things to freak-out visitors. After getting comfortable with this spirit, a few other encounters, but none more with other beings until the "opaque man," and the recent vessel encounter.

They seem to have interest in me, but no lost time, so have to believe I have not been taken, and it's obvious, and I have no clear understanding as to why, I'm not fearful. I mean, who yells at a vessel that has pushed through their ceiling?

No evidence of anything other than the spirits that came through that home. I've moved since, and the primary spirit followed me here. For some reason, it appears she's very protective, but not intrusive.

But I swear on the graves of my parents the lives every relative I have on this earth, including my own, obviously, that what I've describe happened and I have not found a way to tell anyone, who may help me to understand some context, before now.

I'm starting a nonprofit related to global warming, so that's why I want to remain anonymous.
