{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-02 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515819","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42323","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3687,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/819/mufon-5515819.json","updb_database_id":5515819}
{dr}brite light, moving slowly from NE to SW. No sound at all

My wife and I were sitting on our back patio. I was facing the northeast sky, my wife was facing more to the southeast. I first noticed the light about 8:45pm. It was brite and moving out of the northeast sky towards the southwest. At first I thought it to be a helicopter and was waiting to here the typical rotor noise. But as it got closer I heard no noise. It was moving what seemed to me about the speed of a helicopter, but again no noise whatsoever. We stood up and moved around to the side of our yard to get a better look. I kept telling my wife that it was weird because there was no sound. As the object continued to the southwest it was glowing and almost appeared to be on fire. But then, the strangest thing happened, the fire on the object seem to snuff itself out. I could see only a black ball continue toward the southwest sky until it was out of sight. My wife thought it was a meteor. I think it was moving to slow and made the comment somewhat joking that it was a ufo. We thought it was cool that we saw what we saw and sat back down on the patio. About 3 or 4 minutes later I saw the same light coming out of the northeast sky but at a little lower altitude. I said to my wife, here comes that light again. I was a little more prepaird having gotten my binoculars. As the light approached it was blocked by some trees and so we moved to the side yard to get a better look. It was very difficult to try to view the object though binoculars but I was able to see that this object appeared to be on fire as was the case with the first sighting. It continued to move alittle more toward the west, and as the first it also seemed to snuff itself out. It was darker now and I could just barely see the black outline as it moved away. And the whole time we observed the object it made absolutely no sound. We were trying to speculate as to what it could be. As we went and sat back down my daughter came out and we told her what we saw. She went in to get her camera incase we saw anything else... an sure enough about 5 minutes went by and I saw the light coming out of the northeast sky again. It was just a little lower in the sky as the first two and was alittle harder to see, but we saw it clearly enough to wittness the same thing as before. It seemed to be on fire and snuff itself out and move almost directly west. We really did not see anything else because it was now too dark to make anything out. My daughter tried to take a picture but I think she was too nervous and shaking too much because the was nothing on the camera. I want to add the we do live about 5 miles from Cleveland Hopkins Airport, but with something flying around with absolutely no sound Im sure it was not any aircraft that was in the area. PLEASE contact me if anyone else in the greater Cleveland area saw anything. I cant believe that we were the only ones to wittness what I believe to be our first UFO sighting. You can contact me if you have anymore questions or concerns. We will be looking to the skys allot more from now on. Thank You
