{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-19 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546341","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"23374","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2808,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/341/mufon-5546341.json","updb_database_id":5546341}
4 bright red lights in a row, floated back and forth like a kite. Transformed into 1 blue object, dropped and flew from the sky.

I got a call from a friend (at about 10:10pm on 5/19/10) to look at some weird lights in the sky. He described them as red and blue lights moving back and forth. I looked out the West facing window of my house and saw 4 red lights, hovering stationary. I immediately went outside and brought 2 of my friends. When I got out there I saw nothing at first. I did immediately notice multiple helicopters in the sky, at least 3, circling this area. As I rounded the corner of my house I saw 4 red lights in a horizontal row, quickly rising over the building to my west then abruptly the 4 red lights became one bright blue light. Simultaneously the object made a 180 degree change of direction with no deceleration or acceleration of any kind that I could see. We immediately went to our friends1 vantage point to see if anyone had captured this event on film. We found eye witnesses, but no one who had recorded the event. We went to the beach to see if we could see it further out in the sky or over the water, no such luck. After about an hour we decided to call every news organization in our area and find out what was going on and why the helicopters were in the sky. Every news channel that covers Sarasota confirmed that they DID NOT have any helicopters in the air. That leaves the police and the military as possible owners of the helicopters circling the event. I called the Sheriff1s Department and they said that they had no knowledge of their choppers being in use tonight. We had 2 vantage points between my friends who had initially noticed it and myself. It was directly West of me and directly North of them. From this we were able to figure out approximately where the object was. I was near Clark Rd. and Lockwood Ridge Road looking directly West, the others were near Gulf Gate Drive and Superior Avenue looking almost directly North. From this we could tell how far we were from it. Based on our best guess we assume that this object was at least as large a 747 and it moved like a kite. Never seen anything like this before and have no rational explanation for what we saw.
