{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-18 22:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527341","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28289","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3969,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/341/mufon-5527341.json","updb_database_id":5527341}
Fairly bright light hovering over highway 77 north for about a min, then shot off

Friday night 03/18/11 at 22:44 - 49 My daughter and I were on our way home from my Grandmother's house on 77 north. As we were nearing exit 24 a white to amber star like object slowly moved across the sky then became motionless / hovering. The object was closer in relation to the stars and obviously putting off more light. At first I thought it was a star then possibly a plane, but as we drove closer it was getting bigger and there were no flashing strobes like on a plane. I was second guessing myself and almost at a point of thinking it may have been a star after all or some kind of trick of the eye when it blinked out or shot off. I thought it had either shot off or blinked out, but my daughter screamed / yelled she could see it and she was looking up and to our right out of my line of sight. The object was over us + to the right and I couldn't see it, but she could.I handed my cell to my daughter telling her to try and get a video of it as I was driving down the highway. She took my cell phone and was trying to record a video of it. I can't really see anything on the video on my cell phone because the screen is so small, but it caught our audio and us yelling.*warning* I apologize but I'm heard saying a few expletives in the background. I actually partially slammed on the brakes as we got closer and the object blinked out or seemingly zipped to the right. I didn't stop though and kept on going home. My daughter was upset and scared. I myself was kind of freaked out, but not scared more like a feeling of what the hell was that and non-belief / shock. 

 Another very curious thing we noticed was there was a bunch of planes all over the place as / after this happened. When we got home and got out our car we saw a couple planes seeming to be circling around in the sky. We rushed into the house telling my wife and us three went out into the backyard. I counted no less than six planes up in the sky going in different directions criss crossing approximately where I'd say the object had been. I tried to take video of two of these planes as they were going in different directions. It was easy to tell these were planes as there was sound and there were the typical flashing strobes on them. I've never seen planes all in the sky like that above my house before, maybe one or two occasionally but the sky to me was teeming with them or possibly a few circling tonight back and forth across. As we would see two or three going one direction and a minute or so later two or three more would be circling from opposite ends of the sky.

 I am a prior military veteran who spent a year in the Persian gulf as a stinger missile operator/ gunner whose job was air look out and so I have some experience identifying flying aircraft, at least in the past. I can't say what this object was it definitely was not a helicopter and did not seem to behave like a plane. One of the main reasons I am reporting this is because I am very curious to see if any others noticed this object as well, seeing as it was over a major highway. I would be more than happy to email or forward my cell phone videos. Although I am not sure if any thing can be seen in it.
