{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-06 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490341","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69251","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2533,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/341/mufon-5490341.json","updb_database_id":5490341}
{cak} While driving at night I saw a series of lights go on and off in sequence in a straight line.

It was between 830 and 9 o'clock in the evening night on 6 August 2015. I was driving north on Highway 54 near mile marker 98 in southern New Mexico near the town of Tularosa NM when I looked up at about 45 to 601 in the northwest sky.  I saw what appeared to be a reddish orange light in color turn off and then another light the same size turned on in a sequence. This happened three more times.  I asked my wife to look at the sky and she caught the last light as it was going out.  A few moments later the lights reappeared in the same direction in the sky at the same angle as the last time the lights came on and off. This time we saw the lights turn off and on seven times before they went behind clouds that were high in altitude.  The lights that were red/orange in color had to be large because the lights were bigger than what one would see when looking at an airplane at high altitude. These lights were comparatively larger than a commercial passenger airline jet by at least ten times the size.  I know the lights were at high altitude because there were alto cirrus clouds in the sky that night and the lights went behind the clouds and never reappeared. Shortly after the lights went behind the clouds a commercial airplane jet was flying by in the northern sky and we could make the comparison. The lights traveled in a straight line from Northwest to SouthEast they gave an appearance as if they were traveling on a ladder, but without the ladder.  The lights were equally apart like the rungs of a ladder, however you would not know that there were all these lights until they came on one after the other in sequence. One would come on then it would go off and then another would come on and then it would go off.  It was like they were taking steps but one behind the other, not side by side, each step would be on and off,
