{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491341","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68227","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2952,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/341/mufon-5491341.json","updb_database_id":5491341}
{cak} Friend claims to be followed by UFOs; I've witnessed them on 2 occasions at the same location with same friend

Previously (about a month ago), I traveled to a lookout at Mt. Rainsaires Road, Loganton, PA late at night with a friend who claims she is being chased/followed/abducted by UFOs; that night we witnessed orbs before a strange vehicle pulled up behind us and turned their lights off - we left immediately, and saw a triangular object moving behind the trees as we were coming down the mountain, and we then soon realized that we were also being followed by the car that had pulled up behind us. The car eventually disappeared somewhere behind us once we were close to the highway.

We decided to return to the same location with 1 additional friend in search of more sightings. The 3 of us sat atop the dark mountain for approx. 1 hour or longer before we spotted an extremely bright orb that rose up from behind the crest of a mountain in front of us, and then decended back down behind it again; it was slow moving, but the entire incident lasted only a matter of seconds. We waited anywhere from 15-30 minutes thereafter until we saw an actual UFO object, starting from the same general direction of the orb, but moving left in high elevation across the valley that we were overlooking from the vista. It was somewhat far away, but I was still able to make out what appeared to be a row of white lights (not changing or blinking), and the pattern suggested that it may have been disc-shaped. We all witnessed this object come to a complete stop high above the valley, and then it moved slightly left, right, up, and down... The movement was similar to the way a bumble-bee hovers and glides around. This occurred for maybe a few minutes before we heard what sounded like helicopters moving in the sky, and the object then slowly began to move away from us before disappearing behind the clouds. We waited much longer and saw nothing else before leaving.

I would also like to note that we witnessed several airplanes in the sky throughout the entire duration of this event. Though the object was physically far away from us, it was definitely close enough for us to see that it was NOT an airplane or a helicopter; this object moved differently and had lights that were inconsistent with anything that we should expect to see in the sky.
