{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-29 11:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484341","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75496","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2822,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/341/mufon-5484341.json","updb_database_id":5484341}
{dr}Crystal clear blue sky lying on my back noticed 2 objects thought were birds doing loops around each other.

At approximately 1145-1150 am March 29th I was at home lying on a foam roller on my back with my head toward a large window. I heard a plane outside whose engine was whining/growling like it was doing some kind of acrobatic maneuvers. It sounded like a small personal aircraft. I listened to it for a few minutes before I leaned my head back over the foam roller and looked out the window upside down. I did not see the plane but noticed what I thought were two white birds the size of hawks chasing each other in the sky to the WNW just over a hill here in town. As i watched I noticed that they were orb shaped and either reflecting light or giving off light. One moment that looked dull, then they appeared to shine or illuminate. 

I jumped up onto my feet and ran out to the backyard. The sky was crystal clear. At first it took me a moment to find them again. This is when I noticed the small plane moving toward them to the W. They appeared to move from SW to NE like they were chasing each other dropping and gaining altitude quickly and doing loops. This is when I also noticed it seemed like they changed shape for a moment. Again I thought that maybe they were just birds but they didn't look right.

This is when they seemed to pick up speed and chase each other off out of my line (behind the trees in my yard) of sight to the NE. I ran inside to grab my phone in hopes that I would see them again but nothing. The small plane did not give chase and seemed to act like the objects weren't there. It too continued to make groaning sounds from whatever maneuvers it was doing (out of sight) for a few more minutes then headed off toward a local small plane airport to the N.

I have attached a photo of my view point which shows the flight path of the plane, the objects, and the flight path of some commercial airlines (though none appeared during the incident). I took the photo just after they went out of view and I ran inside to get my phone. total time of incident/sighting was probably 30 seconds?
