{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-04 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286341","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117043","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2450,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/341/mufon-5286341.json","updb_database_id":5286341}
Brilliant white light traveling unbelievable speed with incomprehensible turns

I took my dog out at approximately 2300 hours on 4 July 2021. I looked to the eastern with not much to see. As I turned to the west, I observed a brilliant white light in the southern sky. Brighter than any normally observable light in the natural or artificial (airplane, helicopter, space station, satellite, etc.) sky. It was traveling at an unbelievable rate of speed (I am a former USAF Major and haven seen fighter jets, Blue Angels, stealth craft, etc.), and I have never seen any craft traveling at this speed. It was traveling north. As it was almost directly overhead, the brilliant light started to fade. At first, I thought it was going to disappear. However, just as it was almost no longer visible, it pulsated back to the brilliant white light again. Without changing rate of speed, it made an estimated 30 degree angle turn to the southwest. It only stayed in that direction for a second or so, and it made another estimated 30 degree turn back towards the north. During these positional changes, the light continued to pulsate brilliant white to almost invisible. When the light was dimmest, the object appeared round or oval, and I even wondered if it may be "tumbling" through the air, although I couldn't be certain. As the craft appeared to return on its apparent northerly course, it stopped pulsating and remained brilliantly white as at first observation. This entire observation was less than 10 seconds, estimated at 6-8 seconds. There were a few clouds, but this object/light was below said cloud cover during the entire observation. Yes, it was the Fourth of July, but there were no fireworks in the area at the time. I am unaware of any technology that can travel at this rate of speed and make impossible directional changes without changing speed.
