{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-21 17:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481341","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78678","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/341/mufon-5481341.json","updb_database_id":5481341}
{rjl} Object appeared in photos taken of a very bright cloud formation in bright late afternoon sunlight.

I first noticed a very bright shimmery cloud as I was looking out my door. I even asked my partner to come see it since it looked so odd. I decided to go outside to take a picture of it but it was so bright I just held the phone up to the sky and pushed the button without being able to see the screen. I went back into the house to look at the picture since it was darker inside and I noticed the white/green orb in picture. I went back outside and took another shot to see if it would be in the picture again and it was. I could not see any orb or object in the cloud or the sky with my naked eye. I went back in to show the pictures to my partner, and he thought it could be the moon. I went back out to see and there was no moon in sight. I took a few more shots from slightly different angles trying to get the sun out of my eye to see if I could actually look or focus on what I was photographing so there are some differences in the angles of the pictures . 

After reviewing the pictures, I noticed that in the ones where the orb is not visible, there is an object in the sky, with a silver/gray color. In two of the photos, the shape is less easy to distinguish. One of the photos, it clearly has a triangular shape. The object can be seen in the upper left corner of the pictures where there is no orb.

The orb looks perfectly round in some of the photos but in others there is some sort of shadows or change in shape or something is obscuring part of the shape. The orb is not in the same place in the photos. If you notice, there is the same tall tree in most of the pictures for perspective. There is also an airplane in the middle of the cloud formation in the second picture. 

I wasn't paying attention to sounds or feelings other that being excited by seeing the cloud formation and then the orb. I never saw anything with my naked eye so I don't know how the orb or object moved or if it made any sound. 

The cloud lost shape and dissipated and the last photo there is no sign of the object or orb.
