{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482341","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77623","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2853,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/341/mufon-5482341.json","updb_database_id":5482341}
{cak} Massive Red Energy Orb gathering enrgy before exploding flashes

Drove my work pick-up truck east on a graded road and noticed lightning-like bright white flashes beyond the horizon. Clear night and starry sky. Drove beyond the next valley and see a mixture of the lightning flashes in six quick intervals and a flash of red light on the horizon. The 3rd valley exposed the object to our line of sight which was massive and about 300 yards NE of an A-frame structure I had driven by many times before. This time, the object builds up energy within 3 seconds, getting brighter red, before flashing out. The next flash occurs while we are within the closest proximity of the object (500-600 yards away). We then saw that the object was larger than the A-frame structure and gathered up energy within 3-4 seconds, dim red to bright red before flashing out. Noticed that it hovered about 20 ft. above the ground and reminded me of a jellyfish in transparency and had the shape of a Pacman ghost, but more fluid. The flash was like that of a flashbulb that photographers used pre-1950's. We rolled the windows down to see if there was any noise or wind, for which there was not. Wasn't able to catch video or pics as I noticed we were the only other lighted object in the road and there was a frantic migration of jackrabbits from the south side of the road to the north. I was also being cautious not to hit any possible cattle or antelope that graze in the area. The object repeated the same process maybe 2-3 more times but was at that time in our rear view. By the time we made it all the way out to the paved road, we stopped and exited the truck at a safe distance. Staring back, we noticed that the flashing had ended and was replaced by a constant, yet still bluish-white light that was also much smaller. The white light must have been at least 100 ft. or more in the air, but also moved from the A-frame location. The same light then started to move north towards the Cinder Crater (Meriam), before stopping, splitting into two lights, which then shot off in opposite directions (one north and the other south) at top speed, then out of sight. We proceeded South on the paved road back towards Flagstaff. We continued to look to the West and saw nothing.
