{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493341","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66174","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3288,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/341/mufon-5493341.json","updb_database_id":5493341}
{jpg} Flashing lights unlike stars, planes, etc over the ocean. It was stationary then flew over top. Appeared and disappeared randomly for 3 days

I was in the Gulf Coast of Florida for vacation when my father, friends, and fiance1 witnessed a strange light in the sky. The light would appear randomly between midnight and two am. It would hover over the ocean. It happened about three times over a week. My mother and i had witnessed a star like light, that would flash random colors, that was stationary for an hour or so fly over us. It was triangular and left bizarre light streaks. I ran inside grabbed my DSLR camera and took a photo to only have a row of four light streaks with a dot in the middle. The pictures mysteriously disappeared. Within minutes military jets were out and helicopters. On the last night of the event i tried to capture the star like UFO light and my camera refused to take photos, then i used the stargazing app to see if a star was in that spot and my phone died. I had several photos of the light being in different positions, colors, and streaks and they weren't on the memory card when loaded. On the second night of the event my friend and I were walking on the beach looking for shells when the light appeared at random like before. It was flashing bizarre patterns and changing elevations. I have never seen a star do this, also there were a couple of planes that passed over head before and the light patterns were no where close. My friend and i had led lights, and thought it would be funny to flash sos like patterns. All of a sudden it changed light patterns and elevation, then an orange spot light like light reflected off the ocean's surface. Then soon after disappeared. No star, plane, nor flashlight reflected that color or way. No plane or star reflected that light. The moon didn't even reflect that strong. The only photos I have are taken with a cell phone. They are low quality(pretty much worthless) and only show the light in they sky in one photo and not in the next, accompanied by the star gazing app that shows no star was in that section. The star gazing app was very accurate. It lined up almost perfectly with other stars in the sky. Pictures are labeled. The first label is just the black sky, and a minute later the second photo shows the light. The third shows the star gazing app and how it shows the absence of a star.
