{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-14 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281997","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121474","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":39343,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/997/mufon-5281997.json","updb_database_id":5281997}
Persied Hover-Bike Nightmare, Rundown in the Rocky Mountains

These incidents occurred in the Rocky Mountains just south of Silver Plume, Colorado starting on the evening of August 14, 2018 and strange reoccurrences would take place the following couple of nights. That day a couple of neighbors had gone hiking along the ridgeline of Leavenworth Mountain, just south of town, and I was set to meet them up there later that afternoon. My plan was to rendezvous with them in the early evening and hang out until after the sun went down. That night was the peak of the perseid meteor shower and was forecast to be especially spectacular since the moon would be a barely thin crescent and would not obscure the clear dark skies. So I set out in the following hours with a small pack and limited supplies since I was staying relatively close to home. I did have a small camelback with a liter or 2 of water, a rock hammer and hatchet, and my new green laser that I was hoping would add another of goodtimes to the night’s light show. I started the hike a bit later than I’d planned. The main trails to the top consisted of a series of long and winding switchbacks so I decided to cut some time by bushwacking straight up the mountain to meet my friends. My plan backfired as I found myself slowed down by steeper than anticipated inclines, slippery rock tailings, and sheer cliffs. Unfortunately the cell service is spotty at best and I was unable to contact my friends until finally reaching the summit around sunset. After a few attempts I finally got connected to my pals via text and to my surprise had learned that they had already hiked back down into town as it was starting to get dark. I told em no problem, since I had planned to stay up top o the mountain until late anyway to count meteors and maybe they could join later. They informed me they were pretty beat from the day’s trek but would let me know after they’d rested a bit and had some dinner if they thought they’d make it back out. The new arrangement was perfectly fine by me. Being the consummate night owl and having lived in this area for 5+ years, most of my excursions into the mountains tended to be nocturnal and I’d spent many a night, some planned, some not, getting along just fine in these precarious mountains and usually had very little anxieties in doing so. In this manner I made my way down the ridgeline of Leavenworth to a locally known camping area, Pavilion Point, which from its high vantage point overlooked both Silver Plume and the neighboring town of Georgetown. In between the two small towns, approximately 2-3 miles apart, was an old railroad attraction called The Georgetown Loop. I should also mention now that at this time there was a strict fire ban in effect and that this summer was probably the driest I’d experienced since moving to Colorado back in 2013. There were also several wildfires reeking havoc in the state requiring all available emergency resources. Failing to adhere to the fire ban was taken very seriously with fines ranging in the thousands of dollars. That being said I had not planned on having a campfire for the obvious reasons. After settling into a comfortable spot near Pavilion Point, I kicked back and started counting the fireballs. By 9 or 10PM, my friend Brian let me know they wouldn’t be making it back up the mountain but to enjoy the show and that maybe he would join me the following night. Over the next hour or two I had counted close to 100 meteors, ranging from quick zips to bright fireballs that would leave these awesome streaks that temporarily frooze in the sky like thin glow sticks that slowly fading into the darkness behind. I was having a blast and as the novelty was finally starting to ware off, I began hearing some faint noises and rustling about in the darkness of the surrounding woods. I wasn’t worried much yet and was used to hearing all kinds of strange sounds in the woods and knew it was probably nothing more than some deer or a porcupine at worst. But after a few minutes, and as the rustling seemed to be moving closer, paranoia got ahold of me and I decided to take some action. Typically during similar late night adventures, I would just build a small campfire to scare away any critters and add some comforting proximity light to the area. But as previously stated, fires, no matter how well contained were strictly prohibited. Besides the fact that I could possibly be cited and fined, I was more worried about actually causing a wildfire which I would never be able to forgive myself if somehow responsible for destroying the surrounding woods which I had now considered home. That’s when I remembered that in my backpack I had that powerful green laser. I wrestled around the pack in the dark for a few moments and I kicked myself for not remembering I had brought it thinking now maybe it could scare off animals. Glad to have found it in hand I started aiming into the dark woods and bushes where I had heard noises. I felt more at ease for a moment until the laser hit the eyes of some forest creature in some nearby bushes. The eyes reflecting the laser like what you’d see driving a late night dark highway, the deer in the headlights effect. Whatever it was, likely a fox I hoped, screeched and disappeared into the darkness. I also had with me a small dim headlamp which had remained off the entirety of the night to help keep my natural night vision. I quickly shined it around but it was pretty much useless in illumating anything further than a dozen or so feet. A bit startled at this point, but not wanting to head down the mountain just yet, I decided to go against reason and proceeded to construct a tiny firepit using the stones around me until a foot and a half circular pit was constructed with a large flat rock to cover the top that I figured would definitely contain any and all burning embers and light that might be looking to escape. I also stationed my cambelback next to it to douse the flames if need be. I must say, after preparing for the worst, this was still probably the smallest campfire I’d ever made. The smoldering twig pile literally the size of my hand still immediately put me at ease. That feeling was unfortunately short lived and after a few minutes I was feeling guilty about breaking the rules and possibly putting the area in danger with my small fire. But instead of putting it out, I decided it’d be best to have a quick scout around the area to see if I could spot any signs of a possible patrolling forest ranger or nearby campers even though in my previous 5 years hanging around here had never seen a single soul in this area at night. Deciding it couldn’t hurt, I made my way over to a scenic overlook which loomed 1000ft or more directly over the Georgetown Loop Railroad area with Silver Plume dimly illuminted to the west and Georgetown to the east. I scanned the surrounding woods looking for any signs of life and saw nothing unusual. As my fears of breaking the law or of sparking a natural disaster subsided, I eased back and continued dinking around with the laser, wielding it like a light saber and tracing the lines of meteors that were still zipping overhead. As midnight approached, I guess I’d had my fill of shooting stars for one night and decided to take one last look around for fire snitches. As I went over and peered down towards the railroad near the base of the mountain, I noticed what looked like a singular light pop on which quickly turned into two lights which to my stunned dismay appeared to be heading up in my direction. I was immediately taken aback by the sight of any lights in that area being that the railroad was closed and didn’t allow camping on the premises. The two lights impossibly appeared to be moving straight up the mountain directly towards me. The proceeding incline between myself and the railroad was luckily made up of dense forest with steep jagged cliffs and without a doubt had no roads or trails that would lead straight up the mountain. My initial thought when the lights appeared was that it might be forest rangers on dirtbikes or something. They somehow miraculously detected my small fire, perhaps with trail cameras, thermal optics, or night vision. I was baffled that there were two separate lights as I had knowledge that we had only one forest service employee that oversaw this entire geological quadrangle and it was highly unlikely, rather inconceivable, that they would be on any kind of watch or patrol that night much less two of them. Regardless I stared down in amazement for a moment quickly calculating that even with dirtbikes on some unknown secret trail, I probably had the jump on them by at least 5-10 minutes. I turned, urgently gathering my things and dumped the rest of my water on any remaining embers just in case the fire was what they were after and proceeded to scurry in the opposite direction back on the main trail that lead me back towards Silver Plume. I figured even at a brisk walk I’d be so far out ahead of any pursuers that I needn’t worry too much and made my way without any flashlight or headlamp, as to not draw any further unwanted attention. Was there really anybody headed up the mountain to look for me anyways? It seemed completely improbable and I was probably overreacting to the movement of some odd lights, or so I was telling myself. After a couple minutes I made it maybe 200 yards down the trail and quickly glanced back to Pavilion Point. To my complete shock and horror I could see what looked like a couple bright flashlights darting around from left to right frantically around the same area I had built my firepit. I couldn’t believe my eyes and a deep sense of dread washed over me. Although thoroughly confused now, I supposed that my fire must have been spotted and I was likely in a lot of trouble. In this moment I still believed that the lights had to be some type of forest ranger or law enforcement cracking down hard the imposed fire ban. Realizing now that if caught I would probably receive a misdemeanor citation and be fined upwards of $2000, I began to run. As I got to full sprint, I reached over my shoulders and grabbed both attached rock hammer and hatchet off my pack that had started clanking together loudly while running. The headlamp around my neck I would click on then off for only a second at a time every dozen paces or so. Like I mentioned at the start it was very very dark and there were many twists and turns along this trail. With that in mind I realized that taking the switchbacks would not be an ideal way of getting down this mountain and so started darting down some smaller off chute deer trails that though tighter and more treacherous would ultimately get me down faster. As I turned and jetted down one of these more concealed byways, I could see one of these lights, which had a hint of purplish florescent hue and looked kind of like a motorcycle headlight, was headed right down the main trail in my direction. I could also see that the second light had picked a different trajectory towards me from Pavilion Point, making a b-line that, to my bewilderment, shot it up over the treeline straight in my direction. At this moment my mind felt like it had exploded. There was now no possible explanation for the situation I now found myself. Things were not adding up in any logical way, not even close. First, the improbability that my fire could have been traced or seen, nearly zero. Second, two rangers or law enforcement in the area willing to give pursuit, also nearly zero. Third, the fact that those lights could traverse that dense and steep mountain face within mere minutes, for sure impossible. And now, one of the lights had taken flight, literally defying gravity in front of my eyes as it effortlessly glided over the thick wooded pines that covered the entire area. Mind blown! All of a sudden, this was no longer about getting a ticket, or be fined, or receiving a stern scolding about forest safety and whatnot. No, this was… this was… I didn’t have time to think about it. My legs never stopped moving as I squinted my eyes trying to see my way down this god forsaken mountain. I clicked the headlamp on/off, never slowing down, on/off, another dozen paces, on/off. And that’s when I felt it, within a split second, all of sudden I’m completely weightless. Silence. What’s happening? Did I die? Had I been shot or something? I didn’t hear any gunshots. And then, CRACK!SMASH!BAM!, as my legs hit hard wood and broke thru thick tree branches. I relaxed my hands and the hatchet and rock hammer were gone. Sharp pain and I immediately thought my legs were broken. I was spinning, no tumbling. One last CRASH! as I landed on my back against what felt like solid rock. Another lightning BOLT of pain. This time my tailbone as my back end flattened against the rock pile. I felt broken, my legs felt broken. I didn’t know what had just happened. Blinding pain now all over my body and as I lay my head back for a second to get my bearings, I see overhead behind me up about 20-30 feet, on what must have been the trail I was just on, zoomed that purplish white light as it continued down the small deer trail towards town. A half second later out in front of me and slightly downhill zoomed the second light, now below the treeline on the adjacent main trail running parallel the one that had disappeared beneath my feet. I lay for a second wondering if I was dead, then wondering how many bones I had broken, and feeling around my body for a moment with bloodied wet hands, slowly realized that I had just ran straight off a cliff face, hit a huge pine on the way down that flipped me into a cartwheel twice before smashing ass first onto a slightly exposed rockpile. Damnit… and I had made it about three-fourths the way down the mountain. I tried to move but pain made me almost cry out in agony. I slid myself slightly to the right off of some of the bigger boulders I had landed on onto a softer spot of ground. Before I could even think for a second, I saw both lights headed back down the main trail that was located about 30 feet in front of me. I gasped then held my breath as the lights approached, hearing what sounded like faint garbled walkie talkie radio chatter. And as the lights got closer and passed in front of me I could finally see what the hell it was that had had me in pursuit for the last 10 minutes. Side note, the typical hike down from Pavilion Point into Silver Plume took at least 30 minutes and I had almost made it down with probably a quarter mile or so before I would’ve stepped back into the lights of civilization. But no, now I’m stuck on an angled rocky slope, bleeding all over, not sure the extend of my injuries. As I stare out in front of me, at the returning chasers, I can see humanoid figures riding on what looks like futuristic motorcycles, kind of. Where are the wheels? Why is their movement so smooth and steady? Also, why aren’t these machines making any noise? Motorcycles and dirtbikes are loud, annoyingly loud, but these seem to make no sound. Am I deaf? Did I lose my hearing in the crash? No wait, did I lose my [redacted]mind in the SMASH/BAM? What the [Redacted] is going on? [redacted]!!! At this moment I’m not sure if I’m even still alive. What are these post-modern angels/demons hovering around to take me on to the next place? I can’t make any sense of it. I can’t believe what I’m seeing. No, not angels, not demons. I got it… ALIENS! That’s got to be it. Maybe? Anyways, the “hoverbikes”, which I’ll now refer to them as, passed me by, seemingly unawares of my banged-up presence. It seemed as though their riders had at least abandoned their vehement searching for me. They moved slow and gracefully now, gliding so seamless and smooth versus the frantic and accelerated pace of our just minutes prior melee. I squinted in the darkness to try and make out these riders, blurry vision. They appeared to be wearing what looked like all white or grayish attire, head to toe. I hear more faint radio garble but can’t make out the sounds. Is it English? Foreign? Is it even a language? I don’t know. I exhale my held breath, which I’d been holding god knows how long. Breathe just breathe, try and calm down for second. A few moments pass…I think. I don’t know how long as I just lay there trying to breathe. In and out, in and out. What the [redacted] just happened? What the [redacted] are those things? Who are those people? Before I have any longer to ponder the matter, I see in the trees more hovering dim lights coming back my way. OH JESUS. A few seconds later I see those two hoverbikes, now without any headlights on, hovering thru the forest on the trail below me. A little further away I see two more, then 3 more, further in the distance. Most of the hoverbikes passed quietly and just kept going westward, disappearing thru the woods. I’m not sure how many I counted, maybe 10, maybe 12. I felt like my mind had been broken. This can’t be happening. Then just off the trail in front of me two of the bikes stop and the riders jump off. [redacted]. I can see the dim shape of their outlines against the dark forest. It appears to me now that they’re wearing what looks like chemical suits. Like something out of the movie Outbreak or Arrival. Big full round-faced Tyvek suits or something. They don’t have any flashlights or anything and it doesn’t appear like they’re still looking for me at all. They stand next to their hoverbikes as the crafts start moving very slowly, their occupants walking alongside. Across the side of the bikes I can see very dim lights slowly flashing across from one end to the other, going from reddish to orangish, to yellowish. Very dim, soft lights. Like - - - - ->. Lights moving from left to right. The bikes hover for a moment and stop. The riders now grab what appears to be staffs of some sort, some kind of tool from the opposite side of their bikes. They both take a few steps from the hoverbikes, bend over and start stabbing at the ground. No wait, they’re digging. It looks like they’re digging. [redacted] is going on here? I keep watching, squinting my eyes, trying not to breathe. Too afraid to make a sound, staying completely still even though my body, especially my ass bone is screaming in pain, but I won’t move, not even a muscle. After digging for a few seconds, the beings return to the bikes. What looks to be small round compartments running alongside the bikes, think saddlebags but flush and internal, open up and the contents of their shovels are whisked inside these compartments. I’m [redacted]ing stunned at this point. Totally overwhelmed and engulfed in fear, agony, dread, you name it. I don’t know what I’m even looking at. Are these people? Like human people? Are they aliens? Are they scientists? I can’t tell with those weird suits they’ve got on. I watch them work, repeating the cycle. Take sample, insert sample into craft, move along a few feet, take sample, etc. These hoverbikes even zero point turn, spinning around 180 degrees from time to time. I hear no noise during all this, no talking, nothing, not even forest sounds. At this point, I’m beginning to think I’ve had some sort of psychotic episode with involuntary hallucinations, fear and paranoia. Maybe this is a dream? It doesn’t feel like a dream. It doesn’t feel like hallucinations either, at least not from drugs, or not any drug I’ve tried. Those types of hallucinations have definable characteristics, silver linings, waves, melting, and can be shook off with ease most times. What’s happening right now is none of those things. Maybe this is something new? My mind starts reeling. Am I crazy? Am I not crazy? Is this real? What is real? What the [redacted] is happening!?! I can’t make any sense of it, any of it. I sit and watch these things, these beings, these people, or whatever, with their bikes, or hovercrafts, or ships or who the [redacted] knows for quite some time. This is torture. Who are they? Where did they come from? Why were they chasing me? Did I stumble upon something I shouldn’t have? How did they figure out where I was? The laser, maybe if its aliens they saw the laser. I don’t know. Maybe if its people they saw the laser. Now the fire seems to have had nothing to do with this, or did it? Madness, this is madness, I’ve gone mad. This can’t be. Everything was just fine before all this. I didn’t take any weird drugs today, I don’t think at least, at least not of my free will. How did it go from innocent meteor shower to all this? Are these military personnel? I’ve heard of other weird conspiracies involving the government doing shady things in these mountains. Is this that? Am I sitting on a top-secret research facility? Why are they digging? Why are they taking stuff? Are they testing for something? And, why the [redacted] are they wearing those suits? Is this place contaminated… radioactive? Should I be wearing a suit? Should I even be drinking the water? What the [REDACTED] is going on here? This can’t be real. It’s not real. Yeah, this isn’t really happening? No, this isn’t really happening. I know, this isn’t really happening. Just stand up and walk home. It’s all a figment of imaginations, a mind mess up, a glitch. You’ve hit your head, or depleted your oxygen, or [redacted], who knows, but it’s all in your head… yeah. This isn’t really happening. Just stand the [redacted] up and walk home. Just stand up, up, up now, just move. But I can’t. This is happening. I know it’s happening. I can feel that it’s happening. It’s really happening. No, no, no, just stand up. They aren’t real. They aren’t even there. You’re crazy. They can’t even see you. They won’t see you. They’re not real. All these thoughts plus a million others gearing through my brain. It all seems so clear though. Clarity, yes. As I ponder my predicament I stare up to the sky. WHY!?! Why is this happening to me? And as I look, I see a drone. An honest to goodness drone, like made by humans. I think I can even hear it. It has lights that blink, red, green, red, green. It passes overhead and out of view. Maybe I’m not crazy. I recognized a drone. If I was crazy things would be getting crazier right? More outlandish and out of control, but that’s a drone. It’s real. It’s grounding, not literally, but it feels grounding, it feels real. Throughout the night I see a few more. I wonder what they’re doing. Why these people or things are combing the forest, taking samples? For what? What’s going on? Hours pass as I witness their workings. I still feel crazy, I keep trying to convince myself that this is all a hallucination and that I can just go home whenever I want to. Just stand up, walk through these people, these hoverbikes, and drones. Just walk by, wave, and say goodnight. It’s simple, this isn’t real. So, if it’s not real then I can just go home. But if this isn’t real, then where to home would I be walking? Is home real? [REDACTED]! So, I sit still, focus on my breathing. Slowly in, slowly out, slowly in, slowly out. As crazy as I feel, there’s a part of me that knows this is real. And that I can’t just stand up, cause then they’ll catch me. Why did they chase me in the first place? This doesn’t seem to be about fire. What would they have done if they had caught me? Scare me, beat me, kill me? I mean, I was literally seconds away from being nabbed. They had me. The speed they were traveling. The trajectory. The other bike strategically poised to cut me off. All literally seconds away from happening. Then I ran off that cliff edge. Total freak-out accident. Couldn’t have planned it if I wanted to. Total and utter confusion for one quiet second until I hit that tree and with that the pain of reality set back in. They would’ve been on me 2 seconds later. Would they have run me down with those hoverbikes? Would they have shot me? Do they even have weapons? I don’t see any weapons now, but it is dark and blurry and I don’t know what even looking at now. Confusion stacked on confusion stacked on this excruciating owWWW pain now. [REDACTED]. All these thoughts plus a million more. So, I just lay there and watch. Watched them work, or what appears to be work. I wondered if the hoverbikes were sensing things in the ground and that’s why the workers choose to dig where they did. I wondered if it has sensors, sensors at all. If so, why isn’t it sensoring me, my presence. And these drones flying overhead? I mean I know that cops have had helicopters and drones equipped with FLIR and other sensitive devices that can detect like bank robbers hiding in thick bushes. They’ve had that shit for decades. So why are these obviously superior vehicles not sensing me laying here? Why have I not been caught? If it was so important to chase me from the top of the mountain, why did they eventually give up so easily? Why can’t they see me now? At one point during all this they got within probably 15-20 feet of me, before moving on. Didn’t they see me? I thought for a few minutes that one of these “people” were actually staring right at me. Hard to tell with a devoid masked chemical suit but still. It looked like it was looking right at me for what felt like forever, then they just moved on, digging, grabbing leaves off trees, etc. What the [redacted] is going on? All these thoughts plus a million more. I focus on my breathing, in/out, in/out. At one point I remember coming up with some mantra, saying it over and over and over and over. In that moment I thought that I would never be able to have another thought outside of that mantra. Funny that now, I can’t even recall what exactly I was saying to myself, over and over and over. I just needed to get through it. If this is real, I told myself, then time, as I understand time, must be real. And time meant that at some point the sun must rise. If this is real then the sun must rise. If this is real then the sun must rise. I suppose then that I can afford to waste a little more “time” and a little more “sanity” to see if this is actually real, because if this is actually real then the sun must eventually rise. So, I waited, watched, chanted, breathed. Until finally, much to my surprise, I could see the sky shade changing, just a little lighter than the darkness, just a crack of dark blue, then finally blue, then finally the stars started to disappear. Was this all real? And with the hint of dawn, I heard sound coming from the “whoever whatevers”, a quick chattering sound garble. And then I saw them hovering by, one by one, just as they had come. Going east towards Georgetown. Hovering along the trails, below the treeline. I tried to count as they went by, hoping to note when the last one was finally gone, quickly realizing I didn’t really know how many had come. And so I sat, still perfectly still. And the dawn rose. And still I sat. I had made it this long, I could make it a few minutes longer. To be snagged at this point, caught, would be unforgivable, no matter how painful. And so, the dawn came and went, and the sun rose, and when the sun rose so did I. So did I. When I stood I could barely keep my balance. I looked down to see both legs of my pants were completely stained in blood below my knees. I didn’t care. I felt around my tailbone and had a golfball sized knot that ached with such ferocity. I didn’t care. As I looked around, I could finally see what had transpired just hours previous. I found my tossed rock hammer and hatchet close by. Laughing on the thought that if I’d held on to them… shit. Finally, I climbed back up to the short cut deer trail that I had run off of, saw the tree that I clipped, huge broken branch at knee level. I looked around the area where I had landed other broken branches and large sharp protruding boulders with points that would have impaled me if I hadn’t landed on the rocks where I did. Holy shit, I should be dead. I gathered my things and started limping home mind still confused and reeling, but alive no doubt. And that’s just the beginning of the story. 

Account from Neighbor, BRIAN WATSON, the day after:
Page 1:
The above individual is my friend and confidant. He recounted the above tale to me the following day..to which I nodded and thought to myself was total bs. I had known this person for a few years at that point, living in the same small town, and had even gone on a few of his nocturnal excursions a few times..all nighters until the sun came up. Very cool outings actually. His local knowledge of this strange slice of the Rockies is deep; usually peppered with personal anecdote and weird horror stories of what went on here during the mining era. [Many known tragedies have befallen Silver Plume and Georgetown over the 160 or so years that people have been digging here. https://www.fs.fed.us/rm/pubs/rmrs_gtr038.pdf.] Shoot-outs in the middle of the street, outlaws who had come into town, brothels lining main street, miners getting trapped and dying.. and the like. Silver Plume was a real deal wild west, boom town during its heyday.
So I've heard my share of wild stories up til that point from this person; I figured he took something and tripped out up there on the mountain by himself..I didn't think much of it actually. Being chased by hoverbikes through the woods? Ok man. As a trailrunner and fellow explorer of this gorgeous landscape, I had been on the trail in question many times at night and had never felt unwelcome or creeped out in any way..save being surprised by a deer or some small cridder. There are many abandoned mine sights and old shacks littered all over the mountains around here; rusted out old machinery and rock processing equipment; steel mining carts pitched over the edge of cliffs, mangled on the rocks below; mine tailings spewing their guts out into the open air; the debris and refuse of a mining industry that one day just up and left. People call this proud history..I call it a [redacted]ing disgrace. An abandonment of responsible stewardship (but we're talking about the 1800's here so I understand. And indeed there exist many Superfund sites around this area, if not the town itself, not sure. Sooo, if there is any place one would hope to be scared, one need not look far.
After recounting this outlandish story to me, he assured me he knew how crazy it sounded. He then proceeded to invite me that night to investigate further with him. Not one to turn down an adventure, I accepted. He suggested that instead of going back to where he was the night previous, we go to the other side of the valley up on to Republican Mountain (which is on the north side of town) and look south back across, over the town to Leavenworth Mountain and Pavilion Point, where he was supposedly chased and see if we can see anything.
I'll point out that the Perseid Meteor shower is going on at this time.. so at the very least we will see some awesome shooting stars, so I was excited to go. I got some hiking stuff together, a headlamp, some water and my binoculars. Not expecting to see anything extraordinary, except of course a great meteor show, I met my friend around midnight and we departed up the mountain. I will say right now that as soon as we started to ascend the mountain, THE most unbelievable light show was happening in the sky and on the other side of the valley. To this day I still can't believe that no one else saw what we saw. Understandably, you could not see it very well from town because of street lights and lights from houses (plus Silver Plume sits next to I-70 with lights lining the highway and cars driving by), but as soon as we started going up, walking parallel to town on the trail it was unmistakable. The trail that goes up Republican Mountain runs parallel to town for about 300 yards before switch-backing the other direction, so looking to your right, across town, across the valley, over the highway, all you see is Leavenworth Mountain and Pavilion Point further east. As we walked up, you could see that the lights of the highway made sort of a canopy of light over the road, a clearly visible line, so that anyone at road level looking up would be blinded from seeing anything on the mountain above. 
I had never seen a meteor shower until that point and it was incredible. However, I do not know if it was a play of light of some sort in the sky reflected ON to the mountain but the light show I was seeing was not happening in the sky, it was happening on the entire expanse of mountain stretching from Leavenworth ALL the way west, in the trees,
above the trees, everywhere. A little twinkling as we walked up, but then it exploded and the entire mountain lit up in twinkling lights. I did not know what I was looking at. I had never seen anything like it. My friend described to me what he had seen the night before, and now I could plainly see something was happening over on that side of the valley. I said, "what the [redacted] is this; are you seeing what I am seeing right now?" I looked through my binocs and tried to focus on some of the light sources but could not make out any particular source. It was kind of like a diffuse light that comes from a lamp; you can't see the source but there is clearly light being emitted. It was kind of dull too; it was shining but not like a spot light; almost like star light, going into focus and back out again. This was clearly the most unbelievable thing I had ever seen and wanted to know what was happening cosmically to cause such an effect. And why just on that mountainside? Why couldn't we see anything happening where we were sitting or further up on the mountain from us. Why just over there? We looked up and all around; we walked up further to see if it was happening where we were, but no. It was localized just on that side of the valley; nowhere else. Things started to get weird not long after. We had been up on the mountain, mesmerized by what we were witnessing for maybe an hour. We did not speak very much, only to gasp at some other flash that would happen. "DID YOU [REDACTED]ING SEE THAT?" "What the [redacted] is this?" I started to get a creepy feeling right around then and thought, "Did I take something; was I dehydrated? Did I not eat anything today, and that is the reason for what I'm seeing?"
It was right around this time, maybe an hour maybe 2 hours into our adventure, that the lights started to cluster into pods of 3, 4, and 5. They started to make a ring of lights that would move together across the mountain and what looked like thousands of them. These clusters were moving at inconceivable speeds, covering a half mile or 3/4 of a mile in an instant. I would watch one hover around randomly above the trees, around mid-mountain and then shoot up to the ridge, and then back down to where it was, and then back up to the ridge, and then way over to the other side of the mountain. Almost like a ping pong ball ricocheting around a glass jar. My friend said that he saw these clusters of light the night previous and I believed him now. 
Page 2:
What I saw next caused much distress for me in the following months and years. It caused the first panic attack I had ever had until that point. I did not know what a panic attack was; I thought it was just someone becoming nervous and agitated. I did not know that a panic attack is a crumbling of your world, a complete turning upside down of everything that you thought you had control over or played some part in. 
At this point in the night (at least 2 in the morning now) we have been watching an entire mountainside light up inexplicably. The clustering of orbs of light that seem now to be moving with some sort of intelligent agency. This would have been enough. But then I caught sight of what I can only describe as a conically shaped tower. This tower, wide at the base and tapering toward the top was now present on the side of the mountain. It was also moving back and forth, from about mid mountain, up to the ridge, back down to mid mountain and then across, then back to where it started, then back to the ridge... I am scared now. Legitimately scared for my life. I have perpetual goose bumps all over my body. I have goose bumps now as I sit here writing this. Having been among the trees on that side of the mountain, I can say confidently they are at least 30 feet tall, maybe more, on average. This tower was at least 10 times as tall as the trees. A skyscraper moving up and down and across the mountain in the blink of an eye, right in front of me. I am thinking at this point, not, "Is this first contact?" but "how will society deal with this?" Being visited by an alien intelligence? Will there be a world war soon? How will normal people make sense of this? How will governments react? Will the US or China strike first? I think I wondered a few of these questions out loud to my friend. I can't remember, it was so shocking. These craft appear to be defying physics and moving in ways I cannot accept our current technology is capable of performing. If humans had the power to create this type of technology, we would not be in an energy crisis. We would be colonizing the galaxy, I imagine.
The only reason I believe I saw what I saw is because my friend was standing right next to me looking at the same thing, describing back to me what I was seeing. If I had been alone, I don't know if I would believe what I saw. I think I would think I had some sort of psychotic break. But we clearly both saw the same thing, because he described it to me as I was seeing it.
I imagine I will expand on this event in further posts; trying to make sense of it, trying to remember as much as I can before it fades into uncertain memory. I will describe what I felt the next day when I had the first panic attack of my life and how that turnout for me. The most terrifying experience of my life. Until then.
