{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-05 04:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485997","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73725","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4574,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/997/mufon-5485997.json","updb_database_id":5485997}
On the predawn of January 5th was the most profound sighting of the many that have been occurring over the last several weeks. This night it was a much larger craft and several smaller ones. I watch them from my back porch. I have many photos and video..

I was home, it was 4:50 am January 5th and i was up because I couldn't sleep that night. We live in a rural farming area and the sky was clear for all sightings with only minimal clouds passing. Stars easily visible. I had been just working on my pc when I got up to get a glass of water. There is a large window at my kitchen sink and there was a very bright light off in the distance. It just caught my eye. The object at first was just above the tree line and was moving toward my direction when it suddenly turned left went a short distance then turned back to the right. The light from it was much brighter now and it became obvious this was an extremely large object and not behaving like an airplane. It continued on the tree line just a short distance and then began to slowly but distinctly ascend at an angle moving S, SE. I called to my daughter to see too, she was quite moved that it was not a natural thing as well. As we observed it for at least 30 to 40 mins,I tried to capture both photos and video of the goings on. Although my cell phone does not take the best photos , I still clicked away. As we watched the object settled in a spot at least 50 to 60 thousand feet maybe more. but then more objects became visible ( all in- it became 7 other objects with the biggest one, they created a formation that i can draw) and approached the larger object. The larger object maintained a very bright white light that would seem to be blue or green or reddish at times. Sometimes you could distinguish it seemed to be rotating. Its light would flash and glow. Most notable was a fairly large, very bright red object which seemed to just appear just near the Larger bright light and began to move away going say 300 ft above the treeline, moving in an E, NE direction. This object moved quite quickly and was a extremely deep bright red. Much larger than any airplane or helicopter would be. There was no noise to speak of from the objects but. There were three distinguishable airplanes that passed across the sky during the sighting and as is usual we were able to hear two of them and are positive they were airplanes. One seemed to pass right near it. Maybe difference in altitude but definitely within each others airspace. I've been able to capture video from this sighting but it is actually the very best video from December 19 that takes the cake. I have named the files with the corresponding dates of capture.(I'm not great at the date time thing jus sayin, I'm learning).*Please note, it was very cold outside,I am shivering. I did my best to steady the camera but it is a little shaky. In the video it is distinctly changing shape and forming three orb-like parts and then reconstituting back to one object. Very colorful and looking as if it is spinning with your naked eye. So I have much in video and pictures of several different sightings , all occurring right in my back yard over the last several weeks/months. As you can see from the file dates I am including tonights video as again it is right there almost the same spot. But, The Jan 5th sighting was so blatantly odd and basically in my face it motivated me to finally contact you at MUFON.
