{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-23 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288997","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114362","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2614,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/997/mufon-5288997.json","updb_database_id":5288997}
Triangle, rounded corners, red lights in corners and center

March 23, 2021 9:30 pm New Durham, New Hampshire. My husband had gone to Mexico for work and I was having a hard time going to bed at my normal time of 8 pm. When 9:27 pm rolled around I decided to go out onto my back deck and look at the stars and constellations. It was a beautiful night with a nice clear sky. I was looking out towards the south west when I heard what I thought might be a large plane. Not a commercial airliner. Those fly over my house all the time and this didn’t sound anything like a commercial plane. As I continued to look out towards the south west, I stood up straight because I realized the sound I was hearing, was coming from above me. When I looked up directly above me was a very large craft of some sort. It glowed very dully of red. It was shaped like a triangle with rounded corners. In each of the corners was a very distinct red light with another red light directly in the center of the triangle that had a different glow to it. Around the perimeter of the triangle was, what I can best describe as, a red tube light. It went the entire way around the triangle. I could see the craft itself inside the “tube light”. It was almost iridescent in color not red like the distinct lights described above. What really got me was that it made a very deep humming sound. It wasn’t super loud but not only could I hear it, I could feel it. It reverberated in my chest and ears. I stood and watched it for approximately 30-45 seconds. My best guess is that it was approximately 500 to 600 feet above the tree line. It flew over my next-door neighbor’s house and proceeded to fly over my daughter’s house on the other side of them. It had come from a south east direction headed in a north west direction. I watched as it turned ever so slightly to the left and continued to move away from me. It wasn’t moving very fast and I stayed outside and watched until it finally went out of my view still headed north west.
