{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-01 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495997","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63423","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2705,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/997/mufon-5495997.json","updb_database_id":5495997}
{cak} Bright white orange disc formed from pinpoint behind ships before the slowly disapperaed

Looking West at 2 AM from my upstairs outside deck at the clear starry night sky, I observed two craft flying parallel about 1/2 mile apart, altitude of 1000 ft and one was about 5 seconds behind the other, with lights on bottom what looked like red and white but not blinking and heading North. I never see high altitude aircraft flying this direction so I watched them. Behind one farthest away maybe 1 mile at NW direction, a pinpoint of light appeared behind it and grew quickly in about 3 seconds to a bright white-yellow thick disc slightly bigger than the ship. As soon as the disc was at maximum size it began to shrink back to pinpoint. While the disc was the brightest I observed the reflection of the side of the ship. I could only see the side on my side and it looked dark gray, big, flat sided and had lighter gray rectangles on the side as If they were large windows. I could not see any further details. As the disc started to shrink, the craft began to fade and slowly disappeared by the time the disc shrank to nothing. Vanished.
Amazed, I watched the second craft do exactly the same thing a few seconds later.
Given the distance and the size of the reflection on the side, this was a large craft. Holding my arm out and making about a 1/2 inch space with my thumb and index finger is about how big the disc looked. The craft was at least 3 or more times longer than the diameter of the energy disc which formed behind as the craft moved North. I have given this incident much though and I am sure this was not a terrestrial craft at all. It looked as though these craft went into some cloak mode or vanished altogether. No other flying craft of any kind was observed. I was lucky to see just the one side and it was flat vertically and total length or height is unknown since it was at night but htis was no small UFO, not round and not super fast moving and speed i estimate was at least 100 MPH.
