{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-10-25 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517997","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39683","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4031,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/997/mufon-5517997.json","updb_database_id":5517997}
{dr}It moved from above northern horizon, to directly above, to south east horizon

Went to have a cigarette in my backyard, I was sitting facing directly westwards. A "large flash" way up and to my right (north) caught my attention. It made me jump slightly as I thought someone had thrown and exploded an m80 up there, but, there was no sound. Looking around, there was no one else to be seen or heard, looking back up, there was a bright speck that didn't seem to move. Watching for half a min as I realized that the speck wasnt getting larger as much as it was moving in my direction, getting closer. I ran into my house for my 45X binoculars. Which took less than half a min. The light was now close enough for me to discern a shape. It was now about 50degrees up from the northern horizon. I was way to excited as it approached, 60, 70, 80, degrees closer to above me.
  By its 70 degree position, a red, a blue, and a white (most aircraft lights are discern able, much farther away) could be noticed flashing on the UFO.
  Since 9/11, (dissapointingly and oddly, within two weeks of this sighting, i could no longer recall if it happened 2weeks ago or 4weeks ago) although i did call Coast to Coast that night ASAP, to ask if anyone else was mentioning the event)(i asked Tom "off the air")(no one else was reporting)(and now, its been so long a time, it may have been anywhere from the last two weeks of oct. to the first two weeks of nov. 2001) the military had 24hr air patrol, circular clockwise around a nuclear power plant far to my south west. I could only see the fighter aircraft on its (about) 1oclock to 4oclock leg of patrol.
  The fighter was just past its 1oclock position, when the "flash occurred in the sky". It broke off from its patrol pattern around the 2oclock position, and was turning towards the "path" of the UFO. An intercept course is calculated by radar equipment, isnt it.
  The "saucer shape" of the UFO became obviouse when it was about 80degrees up. The three blinking lights triangular positions within a circular patern about 1/3 of the crafts diameter. Its RELATIVE size, (the UFO being somwhere between me and the moon) was about 2/3s the size of the moon. At the same time, the UFO just barely filled the lens of my 45X glasses when it was directly above me. (a math person could probably determine an exact size).
  I could not hear it making any sounds, and I have very good reaching. There was a haze surrounding UFO, but I couldnt say if it caused by the craft, or simply the amount of our atmosphere particulates at the time.
 About twenty seconds later it had gone past my southeastern horizon, and the fighter aircraft apparently was returning to its patrol. The saucer had traveled so far ahead of the fighter.
 I was a radar-man in the navy, so when I got back into my house, I immediately began trying to determine the UFOs course. the flash could have been about 70 miles north west of Detroit (say about 300 degrees using a compass, on a course putting it between D.C. And Norfolk.
 Should I include the pilot of the aircraft as a witness? The chain-of-command need to snd the pilot on an intercept course. I don't know of any other witnesses.
 It was IDENTICAL to the UFOs in a recent ytube release, where a couple of fighters seem to be following that UFO. And identical to "filmed footage" from the 60s of a saucer going into the tree line in some N.Western State.
