{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-19 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284997","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3748,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/997/mufon-5284997.json","updb_database_id":5284997}
silver grey rectangle with pale green square close to leading edge

I had five trees cut down near my house and detached garage in August to expand the clearing around my house and give a little more open sky for stargazing and amateur astronomy. One of the first evenings after the trees were cut, I lay down on the bed of my pickup at dusk to watch the first stars of the evening come out. I was only looking at the sky for a few minutes when this object came out over the tree canopy to my south, nearly directly overhead and proceeded in a straight line to the north, crossing my field of view in about 5 seconds. I'd been working on splitting firewood from the downed trees and left my cell phone in the house, so i didn't have time to get my camera and preferred to observe the object as long as possible.
In my youth, I'd seen a number of unidentified lights in the sky over Levittown Long Island, but living just a few miles from Grummans Aerospace's Bethpage facility, we'd assumed that we were seeing night flights of experimental aircraft or incursions of intelligence gathering aircraft.
However, I'd never seen anything matching the descriptions of UFOs from the Condon report and project bluebook. As a very young child I did have one very strange and very memorable dream of speaking to a small man with dark eyes and who wanted to stick me in the stomach with a small metallic cylinder, outside in the back yard of my parents' house at night.. I still remember the dream vividly and its the only dream that I remember in any detail from my childhood. Since Abbot and Costello were also prominent in the dream, I disregarded any significance to it until many years later and reading about "abduction" stories.
After seeing this very incongruous object in the sky on August 19th, I went into the house and tweeted out a question on twitter, asking if the ISS had just flown over, but after looking at on line pictures of the ISS, it clearly bore no resemblance. I've identified satellites a few times by their motion and varying albedo (caused by tumbling), but this object appeared large compared to commercial aircraft that occasionally fly over. However, there was no way I could approximate an altitude. There was no reference in the sky other than the tree tops. The object made no detectable sound, left no contrails, and had nothing resembling an engine or propulsive system.
I found this profoundly disturbing as the thought that my mind could be fabricating visual hallucination makes me question a lifetime of mostly reasonable experiences, though I understand now that many of my personal experiences have been far from typical.
I've never reported previous sightings to MUFON, but I'd really like to know if anyone else on the planet has seen something like this. 
Since I didn't have time to take a photo, and since the object had the appearance of just 2 simple geometric shapes, I used MSpaint to make a simple graphic representation of what I observed.
