{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-13 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497997","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61263","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2794,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/997/mufon-5497997.json","updb_database_id":5497997}
{nd} I was walking out to grab my work cloths from my car & I noticed a half dozen or more oval loghts that seemed transparent and where bluish green in tbe clouds. the would move in a pattern formation and then stop. It seemed lime some sborrt of signal.

On the nignt of October,13th, 2014 at 20:45hours or 8:45pm U.S. Eastern Time Zone. I was walking out to my 2006Nissan Altima at my house on Glen Road, Raymond, Maine as I was grabbing work cloths to wash from my car I noticed a moving light in the sky. At first it was hard to see and then turned off all outside lights off. It was a cloudy night out and the cloud coverage was low. I Noticed a half dozen or more fuzzy oval bluish greenish transparent lights moving in a pattern formation in the clouds. They would move very fast some would spin like a ferris wheel and then they would stop suddenly and then change there pattern. The continue for and 1 hour and a half doing 3 or 4 pattern formations. Around 21:00 hours or 9:00pm I called 911 dispatch and I was the fourth person to call in reportong the lights. They had Cumberland County Deputies searching the Raymond Cape area looking to see where they were coming from. They told me then and again when I followed up the next day that no ground lights caused these lights to appear. At 22:00 hours the lights disappeared just when the clouds started to clear up.i have talked to several neighbors that lived off the Cape Road in Raymond thatnsawmthe lights. I have callex the news three times and they told me they would follow back up with me amd they havent. The Cumberland Counth Sheriffs will only say that they werent ground lights and thats it. I tried calling the Maine Air National Guard in South Portland and they wont comment. One more thing while the lights where in the sky I did here a small propellor airplane flying in the clouds heading towards the lights. I couldnt see the plane I could only here it. It flew straight threw and continued on. I know 7 witnesses, but there are more. I tried to fil the lights but they were to faint to pick up I doo have a 4 second video, but it did make my phone act up and it did the same to two other people that I talked to that witnessed it.
