{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-18 05:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500083","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59030","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4169,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/083/mufon-5500083.json","updb_database_id":5500083}
{rjl} saw it from my 3rd floor window hovering over the air field It looked like a bright star but it had swirling motions in an X pattern rotating bright silver with white light in the middle. It was wobbly flaring between the two ax. It then flew away.

I was working early in the am on my laptop. We live in a new development on what once was the Weymouth Air Base in South Weymouth Ma. I was working on my laptop on my couch. We have a beautiful view of the old air field and about 700 acres of land. You can see very far. So i'm working this am and I see a bright star in the sky just appear all of a sudden. Seems strange. I thought it could be plane but I've seen them before and they fly much higher up and are much brighter. This one seems to hover and was going in an upward motion not going toward or away from Boston which is what the planes do. I went to get my glasses because I was seeing little sparks coming out of it from the ground. This didn't make sense. I thought it was just my eyes but once I got my distance glasses on I could see this was no airplane, helicopter or anything I have ever seen before.
I immediately trapped my iPhone and started recording. I have the video I took I can send you. I then look closer and see that its bobbing a little. It also has this like X pattern where there is one ring of white light it seems going one way and another ring going the other way. They are bright silver and are from what I can tell creating the bobbing. I then steady my camera on the window seal and go to trap my big camera with my 70-200 lens (I'm a wedding photographer so I have that gear) stumbling to get my camera I miss where it went. I hear a noise, then there is nothing. I look around frantically looking to see where the thing went and can't see it anywhere. Its as if it just cloaked and disappeared. I look at my iPhone and it went out of frame. I have seen all kinds of aircraft and I have NEVER seen anything that looked like this. You can even tell in the video that there is that X pattern and I don't know what kind of object would do this. I know that we are near a high activity place called The Bridgewater Triangle. If you were to look down the airfield you would be looking directly at Bridgewater, Ma. I've seen 4th of July fireworks from my apt and all sorts of flares and this was defiantly hovering, moving and just appeared like a huge glowing star in the sky. With my iPhone its hard to tell the size and scale but it was at least as big as a car hovering over the fields out there. I'm actually too scared to go look what is in the woods where it was hovering but if I see someone staggering out of there I will know what happened. Cops patrol the area a lot here and this was something weird which I had never seen. I know that this once was a military base that did have Nukes once hidden in certain places but they should all be long gone. Anyway, I have video of it. I tried to steady the video on the window seal so that it was not shaky and can hand over any video you would like. Its not much but its something. This was very cool. I did feel a calm presence with the craft and on a spiritual level I didn't feel threatened. I couldn't communicate with it, nor would I want to. Although I am a little spooked telling you about it now. I have never seen anything like this before. It just hovered and looks very scientific. Very pretty and glowing like a star, really beautiful and dangerous at the same time.
