{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-01-17 10:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502083","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56938","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3282,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/083/mufon-5502083.json","updb_database_id":5502083}
{cak} Three black, non-reflecting triangles moving very slowly in tandem, soundlessly; then gone, in a blink.

January, 1998, I traveled from Charlotte, NC to Winston-Salem, NC for a job interview. As I approached Lake Norman on I-77 in my Cadillac, under a blue sky with no cloud cover, I noticed three dark objects approaching from my 10 o'clock view at about a 45 degree angle. Fascinated at their shapes, unlike any fighter jet I had seen pictures of, I watched every second between watching the road and the objects. Traffic was light and I slowed down so I could be under them when they crossed I-77, but it took way longer than I expected. Finally, they got close enough I had to bend forward to see up the windshield to see them, then, I leaned my head out the driver's window to look straight up at them. They seemed huge, but as clear as though they were close. There was nothing to relate them to for size or distance. They were completely silent and were not depending on speed to stay aloft, practically just hovering forward, not changing elevation or direction at all. The triangles were longer in the direction they were moving by about 1 2/3 to their back widths. They crossed the highway to my left and I was still almost directly beneath them. There was NO detail anywhere on the objects, which were flying in a center point-man forward and two side escorts configuration. The left one was not directly aligned with the right one; it was only slightly more forward, but the center one was ahead of both. I looked carefully for identifying marks, lights, shapes, angles, anything...but the only thing was the length and back-end width and the fact that the three "corners" were slightly rounded off, not sharp pointed and the "black" color was very dull, not reflective at all of the bright daylight. Every other second, fascinated, I continued to watch them and the road. When they were about 68 degrees aloft to me on the left, I glanced at the road and back and they were gone! In a half-second, just gone. Not a sound, not a cloud nearby. Tiny distant white cloud puffs could not have obscured them. It was that kind of sky. 

This is my second experience; I would so like to talk with someone about my first. I never wrote this one or the other one down for years, until now. I wrote the other one to my brother and now this one to you. the other one is not believable, or explainable by science as I understand it, but I was there and it happened. I called my son and told him immediately, that time.  

thanks for this...[Name removed/cms/tg].
