{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-24 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492083","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67466","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3555,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/083/mufon-5492083.json","updb_database_id":5492083}
{jpg} stationary lights in a triangular formation.

I live in Hillsboro, Ohio. I observed a UFO in March of 2015, in the sky above my town. Here is what occurred and what happened. I do not have any video.

At approximately 7:15 PM, I was in a car that my wife was driving. We stopped at a CVS drug store and she went inside to pick up a prescription. I remained in the car in the parking lot. I was just killing time looking around and I observed in the sky, in a southeast direction but pretty much overhead of my location, what appeared to be a bright star that that a yellowish tint to it. I stared at it, wondering if it was a planet. I had never seen a yellowish star before. I looked at it for approximately 5-8 seconds. Then it just blinked out. I thought maybe it had been covered by a cloud or something, so I kept looking at the same spot waiting for it to appear again.

But after that initial bright looking "star" disappeared. Six more of the exact same size, brightness and color, appeared in the same spot. But these six "lights" were in a configuration that I could not and can not explain.

I do not know if these "lights' were six different objects in some kind of formation, or if all six lights were on one very large object. I could not see any shape of or outline of what object these lights may have been attached too.

The six lights also only lasted approximately 5-8 seconds, then they all blinked out. They had appeared simultaneously and blinked out simultaneously. The entire time I observed the initial lone light and afterwards, the six lights. These lights never moved. They were all stationary the entire time. Which is strange in and of itself.  None of the lights ever pulsated or blinked.

I can get the exact date if it is needed. I would just have to check with the pharmacy and see what day we picked up a "Z-Pack" from the pharmacy. It should be in their records.

I have made a drawing of what I observed, and it is shown here in this email.

I should state some facts about me. [identification info moved to investigator section/CMS/jpg] My vision is good, and I don't claim that this was some kind of alien spaceship. I am only reporting what I observed, and stating that what I saw is not explainable by me. In truth I am a pretty sharp fellow. But I have no even remotely reasonable explanation for what I observed.

As I said earlier. I could not see any detail of what these lights may have been attached too, or on. But my impression at the time, was that they were on one large object, that was probably triangular in shape. Mostly because the alignment of the lights was so perfectly aligned.

Maybe someone else reported something similar in my area, and if so. Please let me know.

Here is my drawing of what I saw, but they were much lighter in color than my drawing:
