{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-14 20:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496083","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63327","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3895,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/083/mufon-5496083.json","updb_database_id":5496083}
{nd} Bright Amber Light, From W. To E. Slow, No blinking, not a known aircraft

This UFO event happened in Plant City, FL. at 8:25PM. We where coming home from the store in our minivan. I was driving, my wife was front passenger, my daughter was rear middle seat passenger. We turned onto our block heading north. Then with seconds, at about 1,500 before out house, I observed in the sky directly to the North of us, at about 45 degrees, a very bright Amber light, with a tint of red in it. The light was not bothersome my eyes, and was very beautiful to look it. It was in the sky moving from West to East, at about 80 MPH estimated. I noticed right away it was not a normal aircraft that I have ever scene. It had no blinking lights (standard aviation safety). It was close enough that I was able to know if safety lights where present. I pointed out the light to my wife, and we slowed down. I, my wife and daughter, all leaned forward trying to observe the object, all the while I was trying to watch the road at the same time. 

As the lighted object was then blocked by a tree, I speed up a little to get to our drive way quicker, at which time during some visual breaks in other trees we started to pass by, the lighted object maintained it's course and speed. We pulled in the drive way, park the car fast, and we all got out, and swiftly moved about 15 feet away from the drivers side to further observe the lighted object in a clear area. There was no noise heard by any of us. Further away in the Eastern Sky, the lighted object stopped briefly and hovered, it was easy to see it was motionless. Then after about 15 seconds, it started moving again, continuing it's course East. Again, NO blinking lights, and a very bright Amber Color with a tint of red blended. After a few minutes, after getting further away, to the point of it being visually the size of a pin head, it disappeared. 

My wife and I kept mentioning to each other how we never saw anything like it before, and we agreed it was not any known aircraft to ether of us. and it was not a meteor due to it's slow speed and not tale. 

Now keep in mind, that through the day time hours, and sometimes through the night, aircraft do pass over, both small and large military and civilian aircraft. Even with the known aircraft we often see through the days, we can always tell it is man made no matter how far up in the sky they are. All the man made aircraft we notice, 9 times out of 10 fly from South to North, or North to South, Never West to East. And we can always here any sounds from a propeller or jet aircraft, no matter how high they fly because the sounds easily echo down to us. Again the craft made NO NOISE, and that was very unusual because is 55 degrees and sound carries loader and further in the cold. 

TO GIVE YOU a better understanding of what we observed, since we had no camera's available at the time, I did google "amber light in the night sky", and copied it to give you a close example of what it look like. It is attached. 

Anyways, that's all there is to it. I let my wife know I was going to report it to MUFON, and there ya go. 

~Thanks
[Item Moved/CMS/nd]
