{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-11-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519253","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37682","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2748,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/253/mufon-5519253.json","updb_database_id":5519253}
loss of time

early morning in nov 1972 i whent hunting in back of the property i lived at. as i crossed the flats i saw a huge amount of deer as if bottle necked at the foot of the hill. i kept crossing the flats and relized there were hundrads of deer they suddnly took off in differnt directions. i thought wow i never seen that many deer. i kept going up the hill to an orchard where i had seen a large buck days befor when i got half way up i had this over wellming feeking of tiredness. i could hardly keep my eyes open. i was in good physical shape and had slept well. this feeling of loseing consinoss stayed with me till i got to the orcard where i sat down on a tree stump there was about 5 inches of snow on the ground temp was in the 20s i layed the butt of the gun beside my leg hulding the barrell. i was thinking i cant fall asleep out here youll frezze to death. i closed my eyes my head was down iremeber seeing a bright like almost blinding it was white then red i cant go to sleep ill frezze i opened my eyes to an everment that was totally changed. i sat there looking kind of disorented wondering what had happend. is that the sun going down i just got here it cant be i stood up and thought it cant be but the sun was going down i heard a voice like my own tell me if you tell anyone theyll think your crazy i felt light headed alittle dizzy and i said i better get off the hill its getting dark i made my way across the flat and i heard the same voice repeating if you tell anyone theyll think your crazy. i pickrd my daughter up from the house next door which felt like i had just droped her off i went home made coffee and as i sat at the table i thought were did the day go then i relized if i fell asleep in 20 degree weather why wasnt i cold when i sat in the same spot for 7 to 8 hours. the killer thought is to this day i have great diffaculting falling asleep upright i have to be laying down. i have had over the course of my life several ufo sightings one which was turned in to a northwest universty and demed an unknown i would like to know what had happened to me that day i am not affraid to know the truth can you help me.
