{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-06-12 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288253","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4362,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/253/mufon-5288253.json","updb_database_id":5288253}
Meeting Triangular Crafts

My friend Joana and I were in middle school. I was visiting her at the home of friends she was staying with for the summer. We were outside, the air was warm, and the sky was just starting to show signs of twilight coming. 

We were chatting and just about ready to go inside when I noticed in my peripherary a very dark triangular object zip SW from the north to a dead stop, hovering some distance away from us. Though it seemed small from the distance we were at, I believe that if it were right in front of us it would have been the size of a small-medium sized plane/jet. It had cleanly lined edges and sharp corners, and was slightly narrower toward the corner facing NE. It had a light at each corner on the underside of it, set just towards the middle (I.e. not right on the sharp corner itself). Each light was bright, nearly white but with just a slight hue of green to the left rear corner light and reddish/orange to the right rear corner.

It held position for a long time, about 5 minutes or so, to the point that I thought maybe I was mistaken about it's distance/size/entry and it was just a drone hovering over the property's field. At this point we were starting to discuss that whoever was flying this drone better not be spying on us, miffed at how rude that would be. But then, another, identical object (B) came zipping in from the West and stopped on a dime, NE of (A). This thing moved so unbelievably fast, almost faster than the eye could track and yet stopped so precisely... it was mind blowing. Now we knew for sure these weren't small drones due to the angle (B) came in at. At this point we also notice a buzz/hum that sounds a little like a cicada but there was like a pressure in the air to it too, that was there with (A) but was more pronounced with (B) there too.

At this point we're watching more intently and seriously. Are these some kind of experimental jet from the Air Force base outside Atlantic City? Are they a new, larger kind of drone? They couldn't possibly be as fast as we saw though, right? 

Then, a few minutes later later object (C) comes in from WNW, just as fast and stops on a dime. So now there are 3 objects, (A) at WSW, (C) at WNW and (B) at NW of us. (B) and (C) were a little closer to one another and each were a little farther from (A). They all held their positions, the buzzing and pressure greater than before and now we were truly disturbed/scared. These things could not be from earth, nothing manmade could move like that and now there were THREE of them within eyeshot. We weren't sure whether we should run inside or keep watching or what. But it didn't matter because not a minute after (C) arrived, (A) flew North followed by (B) and (C) which took off WSW and we couldn't see them anymore. As soon as they were gone the buzzing and pressure was gone too. And weirdly, we went back into the house as if nothing happened, didn't talk about it to each other or anyone else. It was almost like we were in a daze, disassociated from the experience. I didn't fully remeber it or realize just how bizarre/incredible that was until a couple years later when another friend brought up B2 Stealth Bombers. Even though B2's do not look like what I saw, his description somehow reminded me of my experience - it was almost like someone snapped their fingers and I woke up, a haze was lifted and I could touch the memory again. Oddly, I STILL kind of "forget" about the experience until im in an in south conversation about supernatural/ufo experiences and the memory kind of unlocks for a while before fading away again the next day. Freaks me out whenever I remember it and it disturbs me that I consistently "forget" about it too until its drawn back to the surface.
