{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-20 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492253","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67294","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2772,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/253/mufon-5492253.json","updb_database_id":5492253}
{jpg} 15 to 25 glowing orange - yellow orbs with transparent structure

I was driving out to my gym and quite an event transpired en route.
As I progressed in a southerly direction on Haverhill Road in West Palm Beach, I happened to notice several glowing, red-orange orbs alternately hovering and sometimes rapidly accelerating, travelling in a west to east course. At first, it was very striking to see this, because I estimate at least 10 orbs were moving in odd formations, but it appeared as if they at the same time had some sort of eventual destination. It was difficult to judge the size of the orbs, as their motion was quite frenetic at times.
My mind began to try to dissect what it could have been. The Palm Beach International Airport is nearby, but I know for certain there's no way these were airliners, learjets, military craft or helicopters.
After about 30 seconds they started to approach my position, near the intersection of Haverhill Rd. and Belvedere Rd.
I almost caused an accident as I veered into another lane inadvertently as I was trying to get a good view of the objects/craft.
Eventually, after maybe 20- 40 seconds, the craft were past my position, and I took my right to turn on Belvedere Rd. to proceed to the gym, but I could barely see the craft when I peered over my right shoulder, and there were 4-6 orbs left at this point. I looked back after taking a peak at the road in front of me, and when I looked back towards the eastern sky, they were gone ! My view was also severely obstructed by trees and power lines by this time. 
I'm certain, with the way these objects moved, and the speeds at which they moved, they weren't man-made and most likely not of this earth, or dimension. They made a bizarre hissing sound at first, but as I watched them, I noticed they seemed to be moving silently, but deftly. They had a certain agility to them that evoked a subtly frightening and eerie feeling.
I've tried to be fair and take every possibility into account, including flares, meteors/space debris, balloons, helicopters, planes... but, what I saw was none of those earthly things.
It was a fascinating and mesmerizing sight that I won't soon forget.
