{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-15 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522253","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33820","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2179,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/253/mufon-5522253.json","updb_database_id":5522253}
2 objects - red bullet and grey and white ball- witnessed over Redlands CA

On the afternoon of Oct. 15th I was working in my home in Redlands when one of my children came in very excited yelling that there was a "red thing" in the sky. So I went outside to see what this was and when I got to the driveway my oldest son was pointing up at about a 75 to 80 degree angle, very straight up when I saw a shiny red bullet shaped object hovering about 4-500 feet up. After letting my eyes adjust to the brightness of the sky, because it was a very bright and clear day, I could see a smaller grey round object hovering next to it at about the 11:00 position. This object really took me back because at first I was about to dismiss the whole thing as an aircraft or something till I saw what this was doing. It was spinning over like a basketball and it was colored white and grey. As it was doing this both objects were descending then ascending. Then they would stop and descend again. About that time I had to look for one of my children so I took my eyes off the object for about 10 seconds and when I looked back it was gone. I had asked my oldest some to watch for it while I went to find the camera but he said he did see where it went either. My Neighbor stood outside with us looking for it for a while but we never saw it again. All total me and two of my three sons saw this object, and to this day when I walk outside my house I still look for it. I was very hesitant to report this but after watching a show with some members from MUFON on it I feel much better about doing it now.
