{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-08-15 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483253","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76672","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3055,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/253/mufon-5483253.json","updb_database_id":5483253}
{dr}Silent lighted small form swept fast into view, hovered perfectly still, then bee-lined fast to hover at another position. This activity continued for 5-7 minutes.

A friend and I were camping along the Russian River in California, not far from Novato, CA, on the Pacific coast on a clear night, in 1971, probably during the late summer or early fall. 
  We were neither drinking nor under the influence of any drug. We were simply lying back, talking and looking at the starry sky.
  I noticed a fast-moving point of light from the northeast sweep into view, almost directly overhead. It was whitish with a faintly greenish cast to it, slightly larger and brighter than any of the stars in the background. Against the backdrop of the starry sky, this light certainly appeared to be in motion close to earth, well within a distance measured in 100s to a few 1000s of feet. It was not a helicopter nor an airplane. 
  It also was not a "celestial" object such as a star or planet. It was not a firefly. It was not a campfire spark; we had no fire going. This silent point of light behaved with intention and swift precision within the atmosphere.
  Both of us saw this light and watched it perform a short series of maneuvers: The point of light would swiftly and silently move to a new spot in the atmosphere (taking approx. 1 second) and then "stop on a dime". It would then remain stationary for several seconds, approx. 5 to 10 seconds at most. Then, at an oblique angle, it would swiftly move to another position where it would again sit or hover silently.
  With our depth perception and an approximate sense of this moving light's distance away/above us, an estimate of 1000 feet would be the distance it traveled in approx. 1 second between the "pause points".
  This pattern -- a swift straight line movement to a single stopping point; remaining still for several seconds, then moving to another point -- repeatedly continued for about 5 to 7 minutes. Finally, it shot out of sight in a straight line into a northerly direction, slightly to the west.
  We did not know then, nor know now, of any aircraft or aerial phenomenon that could account for such activities, especially when no sound was associated with the movement. We noted that the Hamilton Air Force Base was somewhat nearby, yet the aerial movement of this light-object was unlike any aircraft technology known to us.
  So, indeed, we were experiencing an Unidentified Flying Object.
