{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457253","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104323","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4380,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/253/mufon-5457253.json","updb_database_id":5457253}
Sighting 11 years ago.

Aprox 11 years ago i saw something i can't explain. I never even told anyone, and me and my old friend whom i experienced this with, barely even talked about it. We were probably to scared and shocked when thinking back. (We were 16 years old at the time) Sadly i have lost contact with the other witness, but he would surely remember. i can almost guarantee that much. 

One normal night after going to the store, we were on our way back to his house when we saw something about to pass behind a Mountain on the peninsula on the island where we live. It looked like a plane at first glance. We were going up a rather normal sized bridge, i would say it takes a maximum of 4-5 minutes walking over at a normal speed. (If interested google Midsund and you will se the Bridge. The entity was first spotted over the least populated side).

After one of us commented on the strange pathing of the object(We also mentioned the red light), we kinda forgot about it for a second until we noticed it suddenly changed direction and headed towards us. Still nothing out of the ordinary, just strange pathing we thought. (And still pretty far away) But now we got kinda fixated on what this might be, and we stopped talking. It just continued to head towards the bridge/centrum of our island community, and it seemed to slowly descend. (At the first sighting the object was as high up as the mountain, it passed the top of it before changing direction) Now my inner alarm clock started going off. Where is the sound? How does something fly like that at all? And no, this was absolutely not a drone. At the first sighting we were 100% sure it was a plane, but we realised it was not as it closed in on us and the bridge. I swear to god, it felt like time almost froze. That black thing with light and red lights with an absurd route, no sound at all and just an abnormal feeling was now maybe 150-250 meters above us, slowly hovering. 

It seemed to have slowed down its speed from before when it traveled from the mountain to above the bridge. Its hard for me to remember how long it took considering the whole thing felt like an eternity, but i would guess around 15-20 seconds MAX before it was over us. This was when i threw a quick glance at my friend to see his facial expression as i felt unsafe. He looked horrified. It seemed like it/they observed us for 5-10 seconds (again, this felt like 5-10minutes) while standing almost completely still. Then it suddenly started moving slowly again towards the center of the island, but turning OFF the red and bright lights a couple seconds after slowly taking off. As it flew a little towards the south of centrum, it seemed as it didnt want to be seen anymore. No lights at all, almost completely untraceable by the human eye. We just stood there trying to observe it, but i just saw a black shadow for a couple of seconds before vanishing. 

The first pic im adding shows the bridge the way we were going, towards the mountain and sighting.
The second is over the building field it was last spotted (seemingly going stealth mode?)
The last is from the viewpoint of the peninsula and mountain it was first spotted. Over the bridge and to the right is the building field on pic 2. the last sighting.

To end this i would like to say that this is 100% real. I have never told this to anyone, and i am in no way a liar or making this up for any reason. I am not sure what i saw, but i am sure it wasnt normal, especially back in 2008.
