{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-08-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497253","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2387,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/253/mufon-5497253.json","updb_database_id":5497253}
2 sightings

The first one - from my room (window/5th floor) - 1990 after multiples reports of UFO's spotted in Belgium - just out of the blue I wanted to observe the stars one night. Maybe after 2 hours I got weary eyes and suddenly felt like hypnotized by a very bright light shining on me. To the side of me I was listening to some music on the radio and I had a toy manufactured walkie talkie, on which I was just hearing white noise and occasionaly heard some messages from ships nearby or whatever. We lived not even a mile from the North Sea. Maybe a 10 minute walk or so. I can't remember hearing music or a sound on the walkie talkie, when I was staring into oblivion, not realizing what this light was or where it came from. When the light went off, it took me more than a minute to come to my sences and then jumped off my chair and ran to the front, to tell my parents. 

The second one - I can't remember how many weeks passed since the first event. Can't even recall if it was months apart. One thing is for sure we only lived in that appartment for approximately two years. I just was staring over the balcony from the 5th floor, perhaps after hearing some people screaming or yelling at each other in the street below. It's then when I saw in the distance an object flying very low as it was moving its lights over a roof of a two storage building. And I know that building, cause someone lived there from whom I knew from school back then. The craft looked like as if it was scouting the area, in a manner of speaking. I called my sister and parents to come and take a look. After 5 or 10 minutes, the craft took off, flew in our direction, right over our building. I ran to the other side, to my room, but saw nothing. That was the last time I've witnessed something unexplainable as such.
