{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-04-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502253","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56759","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3423,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/253/mufon-5502253.json","updb_database_id":5502253}
Medium sized disk shape UFO passed over my street. No noise.

This happened in 1990 when I was 17 years old, I was at my best friend's house whom lived 2 houses from mine. We were in the back porch sitting there just talking like normal teenagers would do. We were sitting facing the North. Then suddenly, between 9:00pm and 10:00pm I saw a disk shaped object flying quite close to the ground right above us. It was at a very low altitude as I could see its windows at the side of the craft I saw. The round bottom of the craft had 4 brilliant white lights that formed a square, as bright as an airplane's landing lights. I also noticed how the craft was lit inside, because of the low altitude and the whole part of the UFO I was able to see was filled with windows. I saw nothing inside, just light. The only way I could estimate its velocity is comparing it to a low altitude helicopter flying. I guess it wasn't flying fast. It came from the South was headed North. It was unavoidable to see it from where we were because of its low altitude and the brilliant lights. It made no noise whatsoever. It just passed by. I never saw it stop or move. It flew in a straight path. Unfortunately, because of the trees I wasn't able to see it for longer than about 10 seconds. My best friend saw it too. We called her grandfather to see it also, but when he arrived it wasn't visible from where we were anymore. There are 2 things that will never make me forget this sighting. First, a few months after it happened I inquired my best friend about it and she assured me she had no idea what I was talking about. There was no time lost or anything. I guess that she didn't want to be stigmatized as some "weirdo" from seeing an UFO. The other thing that makes me think of this unusual event is that I am very attracted to the UFO subject. I watch a lot of TV shows and documentaries about this phenomenon and still, I've NEVER seen any report of a sighting that remotely matches the UFO that I saw. Asides the 4 lights at the bottom of the craft. It had two pulsating whit lights that moved around the sides of the craft meeting each other at some point and then moving away. Compared to the lights at the bottom, these were way smaller lights. If the bottom lights were the size of a basketball, these 2 lights were the size of a baseball. The best way to describe it is as if this was the craft: ()the top edges of the parenthesis is where the 2 lights met and then moved away from each other and met on the opposite side, in this case, the bottom points of the parenthesis. This light movement was fast, it covered the whole craft in about 1 second and it went on constantly while it was flying. It was like a pulsating movement, I have no other way to describe it and as I said, I've never seen anyone reporting a sighting of a craft similar to this one.
