{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-12 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488253","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71396","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8934,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/253/mufon-5488253.json","updb_database_id":5488253}
{cak} object would go up and down and and move back and forth in the sky get close and move back.

What I experienced was so crazy and unreal I started to question my sanity. If it had not been for my fiance' seeing it too I would have gone to a doctor. He seen it first actually, and pointed out to me.
 Around 2am my Fiance', and I stepped outside our home to have a cigarette. The sky was very clear and beautiful this night and the stars were shinning everywhere. He stepped off the porch and went left toward our car and way way up in the sky out of his peripherals, he saw an abnormally bright light. At first we thought it may have been a really bright star. But this was brighter than any star I've ever seen. (Other than the sun obviously). Then we saw a hint of red and green lights coming from it. It was very faint thought. Then I suggested it may be an airplane, but as we watched it, it seemed to hover. I then told him its a star burning out or something to that nature (I know nothing about the subject but it was way more logical than a UFO). It did seem to get smaller and dimmer and I assumed the guessing game was over and we would go back in. However, as we were watching it slowly fade away, it seemed to "turn around" in the sky. The way the lights motioned in the sky, it was like a car making a turn at night with the lights on. It then started to get brighter and bigger. It looked like it was coming right for us. It was so far away though we couldn't make out a shape. It just kind of looked like a star with a faint aura coming at us. Then it stopped and just hovered in the sky, as if looking at us. And we were like deer in headlights, waiting for it to move again, but it just sat there. I went back inside not entertained by it anymore. I just thought to myself "It's something that's either causing an illusion and playing with our minds, or its an airplane. I've seen a couple of those UFO shows. It's always something logical and realistic." I am not a believer. 
  My fiance' on the other hand was amazed and convinced from the very beginning that it was a UFO and "aliens" were watching us now. So, he was walking outside every few minutes to look at it and "tease" it with a flashlight. He tried to tell me that it was spinning and moving, but I ignored him and told him he was imagining it and irritating me with all that nonsense. He came in a few minutes later and I asked him to stop trying to justify why it has to be a UFO and I explained to him that it was impossible. There's now such thing. It was ignorance to me.
   About an hour later he decided to go see if it was gone. He stepped outside and immediately stuck his head in the door demanding I come look. I went outside and the light was still there but in a completely different spot. It was still to far away to make a shape but it had moved were you could see it up in the sky as you got off the porch straight ahead and not to the left anymore. I still wasn't amused. I assumed it was rotating with the stars. "Stars move every night, so what" were my words to him. I went back in. Im not real sure how much time had passed but maybe somewhere between 30 minutes to an our later, we stepped outside again for another cigarette. This is where I kind of began to get a little curios... The light was back around the area it was the first time, which was to the left as you step off the porch. I remember thinking "since when do stars backtrack". I'm trying hard now to think of something realistic; at least realistic to me. I was about to jump on google to find an explanation but as I'm looking at it I begin to notice some movement. I couldn't see it real well at first because right behind my car was a street light and it was making it harder to see what the object was doing. I decided to put my sunglasses on and look to block out the street light. That is when I noticed the movement he was talking about. The way it was moving seemed like it was deliberate, like it wanted to get our attention. I could see the lights bobbing up and down first, then side to side and right back toward me. The was it looked actually reminded me of headlights. Then it made a circle. I could see the lights turning and then come back around, as if it were a lighthouse. After seeing an object in the sky moving like this, I began to get excited and nervous all at the same time. I remember saying "this can't be real" and smiling from absolute disbelief that I have let some illusion warp me to "think" I am seeing this.
  It started moving left to right and up and down as if playing and I swear every movement made me believe more and more this this thing had headlights like a car. I also saw the red and green colors just a little more. The red lights looked like they were on the sides of it much like an airplane except they looked like beams of light and did not flash like an airplane. The green light was strange to me. I barely could see it it was so faint. But what I was able to see looked like it was like a thicker beam. It seemed controlled. Kind of like you see in the crazy movies. The object would turn slightly and I could just see a faint green light come on and then off. It would turn again and the light would come on then go off. It looked like it was scanning sections the sky to make sure everything was in place or it may have been searching for something. Or it may have been a figment of my imagination. That would make more sense believe me I know. 
 We didn't see all of this in one setting. It was a little chilly so we would watch for a little while and go inside to warm up. Every time we came back out it had jumped from here to there, back and forth. Sometimes it was a big jump others it was just a little. But always back and forth. It also never seemed to go any higher into the sky or lower. When it would start to fade away it seemed like it just simply turned around and went the other direction. The highest and lowest it got was the small up and down bobbing like gesture it did. 
  The real action happened when we were leaving to take him to work. It was short lived but scary for a second. We got in the car to leave around 5:30AM. When we were pulling out of the driveway we stopped at the end of it to get one last good look. Daylight was coming and we knew we wouldn't see it again. As we were looking, it seemed to fade away yet again. Getting smaller and smaller. Then all of a sudden the car-like "headlights" turned and there it was coming at us. It was getting bigger and bigger...so big I began to get a little scared so I pulled off. (When I say big I mean the size of the light. Please understand I didn't see a definite shape or really good detail of it because it was really far away, it was just extremely bright. The lights and movement are the only detail I could see.) We kept an eye on it on the way to his work. We wanted to show it to his co workers. As we were driving, I guess it stopped "coming at us" because it seemed to go back to it's normal size. It didn't seem so close anymore. We pulled up to his job and was looking out at it, getting ready to show it to some of his friends...but it wasn't moving anymore. Just hovering. And it did not move again. As the sun rose, it faded with the stars. I'm sure we will be back outside tonight to see if this mysterious light returns. 
    I really hope this makes sense. It is really hard to explain because it's just off the wall to me. I gave every detail as I remember it. I felt like I was writing a science fiction book as I was typing this. I feel crazy for even typing this because I never saw an actual object; I basically only seen lights. If my fiance' had not seen the same thing as me, I would swear I was hallucinating and go to a doctor. I really wish I had videoed it. It was amazing and scary all at the same time. Im not sure it would have shown up very well on a video anyways. I could tell it had some sort of shape but it was so far away I couldn't really tell. The lights are what I saw. I imagine what I saw to be like what the three wise men saw when they seen the North Star and was following it. That's the best reference I can think of. If this ends up being something "realistic" like I said in the beginning I am going to feel so stupid for actually thinking "maybe..."
