{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-24 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494253","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65231","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3554,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/253/mufon-5494253.json","updb_database_id":5494253}
{nd} driving back w/friend watching a light in the sky. phone lit up w/strange face then shut off. stopped on dam there were strange lights. drove & seen two deer stairing at us. few moments later we were 15-20 miles north of dam. drove back over dam t

A male friend and I were driving back home at 2am. We had gone to pick up a wood stove, when we noticed strange lights in the sky. We stopped once to look at them then drove on. As we approached lac qui parle dam my phone lit up with a disturbing facial image scaring both of us. Then my phone shut off. 

I felt strange. He suggested we stop on the dam and shake it off. It was a cool morning 40 degrees or so but either of us remembers feeling cold. The water at the dam seemed to be glowing or shimmering. We stood there watching it. We continued on still seeing the lights in the sky. Decided to hurry to his house and get telescope out to have a closer look. 

After leaving the dam two deer stood in the road and wouldn't move. We thought it strange. Then 5 miles from his home we were no longer on the same road. He was scared and used the GPS on his phone to find where we were. Took us about 20 min to realize we were near Watson MN north of lac qui parle dam again. Almost in the same place we stopped to look at the lights earlier. 

I drove fast; we were both shaken. As we drove near the dam my phone lit up with the face again. We drove faster joking if we should stop on dam or not. Then the deer were in the road again. He was getting [more] scared by the minute so I drove fast not stooping till we were at his home. We looked at the lights thru telescope and binoculars till we got cold. 

In the house I tried to calm him down by asking him what he remembered happening. Then his dog began barking non stop out the window where we could still see lights. Few moments later the dog began having seizures. The lights disappeared. Dog had about 5 seizures. 

I stayed till sunrise because my friend was so scared. We agreed to meet later that day and go back to see if there was anything that would have caused my phone to act strangely . He wanted to retrace our where we had driven and do it again to try and rationalize what we experienced. We found nothing and on a map there no way to explain how we had gotten way north of the dam. We also brought the dog to the vet. They found nothing wrong.

I have lingering memories of being taken with my friend and waking up on a metal table being held down by a metal brace. Also something by my head which made my body feel like I couldn't move. There was someone by my head and 2-3beings by my lower body. They put a very long metal object into me and I must have lost consciousness. I remember seeing my friend restrained a few feet away from me with beings around him. I'm almost sure my friend was unconscious. 

I didn't have my menstrual cycle that month.
This wasn't my first experience but is one of the most recent.
