{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500253","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58858","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2626,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/253/mufon-5500253.json","updb_database_id":5500253}
orange lights moving in a slight southern arc from north-northwest to north-northeast for about a min, speed changes seen, no sound, disappeared from view suddenly

August 9th, 2014

There were 4-5 initial witnesses, including myself, my parents and my uncle and aunt. We were sitting in our campsite (M26) at Meewasin area, Makwa Lake provincial park around a fire, it was a clear sky and there were only a few stars just starting to come out. My dad was sitting facing the northern sky when he noticed an orange light, unknown distance away (but appeared to be quite high given it's movement and going behind trees). It was about 40-45 degrees from the horizon, moving in a slight southern arc from north-northwest to north-northeast, total time around 1min. During this time and after there weren't any helicopters, planes or other aircraft noticed. It slowed down at least once during it's movement, and disappeared without warning. There was no noise during it's movement. I first thought it might be a jet far away but the complete lack of noise made me doubt that. I tried in vain to get a picture but my phone's camera couldn't capture it well enough. No one else around the campsite had any other good ideas about what it could have been. When I was trying to get a picture I had to walk out of the campsite into the forest about 40ft, there were a lot of tall pine trees that partially obscured my view.

About half hour later, another light appeared, same colour, apparent shape and distance away, following roughly the same path.

The following night (Sunday, August 10th), around the same time we saw two lights, same colour, apparent shape and distance away, following the same paths as the lights the night before. They were about 5-10 degrees from the horizon away from each other, and still about 40-45 degrees from the horizon altogether. No noise this evening, at least one speed change was observed during each sighting (it appeared to slow down slightly, then speed back up before disappearing from sight).
