{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-10-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492306","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67241","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2804,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/306/mufon-5492306.json","updb_database_id":5492306}
{rjl} Driving home approaching my house; object came across the sky from the left, hovered over tree, then shot up and disappeared.

In October of 1965, I was seventeen, and I was returning home from a school concert at about 9:00 pm with my friend's family; It was my friend, her sister, little brother, and her mom and dad. As they drove up my street we saw a shiny, silvery white fat cigar -shaped object coming from our left, coasting over the woods behind my house. We stopped the car, turned off the engine, and all of us climbed out; watching the object move over the woods. It didn't make a sound, moving pretty fast. Suddenly it stopped dead, hovering over one of the tallest trees; I'd guess the tree was about 50 feet high. It sat there, as if watching us for maybe 4 minutes or so; giving us the opportunity to really look at it. It had soft orange lights pulsing on either end of the cigar shape sphere. There was a strip from end to end of windows, bluish white from within and we could just make out some faint shadowy figures; couldn't make out any features. We were stunned, because we all saw and watched it. Being a teenager, I was more excited than scared. It seemed to be looking at us too. After those 4 minutes, as we watched, it shot straight up like lightening, disappearing into the night, still without any sound! Two evenings later, my friend and her sister and I were sitting outside their house on their back patio, and there it was again, still coming from our left, a little higher up, and just as silent; it passed over us and headed onto the right and disappeared. we never saw it again. I guess we weren't the only ones to notice that ufo, because for several days after the sighting, the local airport about a half hour drive from where we lived was innundated with calls about the object. I felt calm and full of wonder, having witnessed such a thing, and if I had any doubts about other life and beings existing in our incredible universe, they were completely laid to rest then and there! Since then its been fabulous learning about the universe we live in. I'm not afraid; if whatever is out there wanted us destroyed, they certainly would have been capable of doing that by now.
