{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470306","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90193","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2707,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/306/mufon-5470306.json","updb_database_id":5470306}
{cak} Slightly more than a half circle, burnt reddish orange, just above the tree tops. No other feature, was about half mile away. Took off from still to hyper speed with no noise.

In 1971, just after midnight as a drove a friend home from work at Georgia Pacific, in Junction City, Oregon, we witnessed a large red/orange half orb (55% of a circle). I slowed down and slowly pulled over and let another car go by. As we sat there discussing what we were seeing, I finally started to move towards it again. By then, the other car was very near the object. As soon as I started towards it again, it took off and headed west very smoothly then accelerated in a curved flight path, disappearing in about 2 to 3 seconds. There was and still is a transformer station very close to the where the object hovered. It was probably a couple of hundred feet above the ground and maybe fifty feet off the south side of the road. I would estimate that we were a half to three quarters of a mile away when I first stopped and pulled over. 

The size of the the object was comparable to a harvest moon in appearance, which would make it fairly large at our distance. Probably a diameter greater than 30'. The flat portion of the circle ran from a 2'o clock to 8'o clock position and you could not discern any shape other than the half moon shape. No visible windows, doors or lines of any type. It looked the color of a reddish orange smog sunset orb.

It was a clear summer night. It veered and ascended before it would have reached the nearby coastal hills. It made no noise. It accelerated to thousands of miles an hour from a dead stop.

The feeling that night was one of amazement, puzzlement and questions. The friend mentioned angels frightening people in the Bible but we really had no answers to what we saw.

As to the event, we did not report it to any authorities and never tried to find out who the other car was. We discussed it somewhat with friends and family but did not seek to publicize it. The friend died a couple of years ago and I felt like the story should by told and compared to other sightings.
