{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-24 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508306","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50186","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3257,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/306/mufon-5508306.json","updb_database_id":5508306}
{nd} 7 orange balls of energy arcing across sky one after the other in Pittsburgh, Pa northern suburbs

Ross Township, PA (northern suburbs of Pittsburgh) - About 9:30 PM on Saturday, August 24, I took my 3-year-old son outside into the backyard to talk with a good friend who was having a smoke, after most of the guests for my son1s birthday party earlier had left for the evening. It was a starlight night with some puffy large clouds scattered about. Soon as I stepped into my yard, out of the corner of my eye, I caught two bright objects in the Eastern sky. I looked up and saw two glowing orange orbs that appeared to be about the height of low commercial airplanes. I initially thought they might be satellites or bright planets. However, they were too bright and two low and were moving across the sky to the West, much like propelled aircraft. The more my friend and I studied them the more we couldnt figure out what they were. We actually laughed that maybe we were witnessing UFOs. We thought the objects might be small airplanes but there was no sound or blinking lights. They seemed to be moving far too fast to be hot air balloons. They traveled too smoothly and quickly to be helicopters. We were really mystified as we couldnt conventionally describe what we were looking at. When this pair of orange glowing balls made their way to the west, originating in a straight line formation behind them - came 5 more. My friend counted a total of 7. I thought one of the last ones seemed to veer toward us ever briefly. However, they all seemed to follow along one after the other on the same trajectory across the sky. Staring at one of them, I thought there was a certain dynamic flickering light in the center of the orb, almost like a steady upright flame. However, it seemed different than a normal fire, yet similar in an odd way. At this point, I was mesmerized by how serene they appeared, and also awestruck. When I initially saw the 5 additional objects that followed the original 2, I was momentarily nervous about what we were looking at. However, as I continued to study them as they arced across the sky from east to west, they seemed harmless and serene. The objects appeared to move slowly, but after they left completely, I gather they must have been traveling at a faster velocity than a commercial airplane to cover the sky in such a short amount of time. Watching them leave, I was filled with wonder and fascination. My friend and I agreed we couldnt conventionally explain what we had just seen and that we had never seen anything like this in the night sky before. The objects disappeared one after the other into the western sky.
