{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-08-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499306","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/306/mufon-5499306.json","updb_database_id":5499306}
{cak} Spiral descent orange sphere

I'm a male, and in about 1975, I was camping with a girlfriend in a wilderness area called "Desolation Wilderness" near Pollack Pines, California, off highway 50. That's in the mountains on the road to Lake Tahoe in northern California, east-northeast of San Francisco. It's since been heavily logged, but was pristine wilderness at the time of this event.

We had back-packed in a few miles from the end of a logging road the previous afternoon. It was now (guessing) about 9:00 or 10:00 pm of the next night. We were sitting around our campfire in front of our tent and talking - enjoying a clear, cloudless, night and starry mountain sky. There was no moon out and no wind. We were in a mountainous area, with tall evergreen trees around our small clearing/meadow, so we could see maybe 1/3 of the sky. We could barely make out the nearest granite mountain peak (above the tree line) to our north-west.

Our campfire was probably the only light within a 5 or 10 mile radius - except maybe for car lights on the two lane highway 50 past Placerville which we had come in on.

I happened to look up and saw a strange, sparkling star-like object about at the zenith. But it was larger than a star, being a tiny visible sphere, maybe the size of a pea held at arms length. It was a golden color and had a peculiar sparkling quality - not twinkling, but like throwing off a lot of sparks. As I watched it, it began to circle over us (or maybe it was already circling) and then seemed to get larger and brighter. After it completed a couple of perfect circle descending spirals it became obvious that it was descending toward us. that is, the we were at the center of it's descending circular spirals. As it continued this smooth, even, silent, well co-ordinated spiral descent, I became fearful.

My girlfriend had not noticed the object and for some reason, perhaps a protective reflex, I didn't want her to.

Now the object was closer and I think I remember it casting a glow on the surrounding terrain. It how appeared like a 4th of July sparkler, with the whole golden surface made of something like outward moving sparks, but much shorter than on a sparkler and many more of them.

At this point, I put out our fire and pretty much dragged my girlfriend into our tent, saying it was time to go to sleep. Although I had been very frightened, I was somehow almost instantly asleep and remember only that I saw a lot of flashing lights through the tent fabric as I went to sleep. I thought to myself that I had not put the fire out properly and the wind had come up suddenly and was blowing the fire back alight and the campfire was casting a lot of bright flickering lights and shadows onto the tent fabric. But this was strictly a rationalization - there was no evidence of that and I heard no wind nor any other sounds.

The next morning we woke up normally, packed up and left. For some reason I made no mention of the UFO and did not look around for any physical evidence. We just packed up and hiked back to my car. I never mentioned the event to her. A few months later, we ended our relationship and I lost track of her.

Were we abducted? I don't know. A couple of years ago, during a routine exam, my doctor asked me about a scar and small lesion near the center of my chest. He asked how I had been wounded. I could only say that I had no idea and no memory of any such trauma. I had been aware of that scar for years. I looked for that scar recently and it has vanished - after years of staying unchanged and very visible.
