Case No. 1267 01092020

Date: August 25, 2020.

Approximate Time: 15:00 hours.

Meteorology: N/A.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: G. B. B., 48 years old.

Description: The informant reported having photographed a
Air anomaly around 15:00 (HL) on Tuesday, August 25, 2020, from the commune of Renca, Santiago Metropolitan Region.

He described the reported object as “round” and “bright,” “at a distance.”
"the size of a lentil." He added that "details could be seen around it."
Additionally, he indicated that for approximately three minutes, the phenomenon had been visible from the northeast and had disappeared towards the north of its location, at a distance he could not specify and without any apparent movement.

He concluded his testimony by explaining that "(sic) 'These 2 photos were taken at the instant as I said previously, I didn't see anything at the time of taking them, but I found it curious that one photo shows it and the other doesn't, discarding the moon, star, or a bird. I would appreciate your analysis.'"
The user's location was georeferenced, corresponding to a residential sector of the commune of Renca.

The two images that supported the report were perited through ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF (Falsification by Copy and Motion) analysis, confirming they were not digitally altered.

Analysis of the information contained in their metadata determined that, contrary to the reported date, they were created on Wednesday, August 26, 2020, using the main camera of a
Cell Phone: Huawei Y6 (ATU-LX3) model cellular phone.

Geometric Analysis: The geometric analysis of the photograph with the anomalous phenomenon revealed focal symmetry and determined the origin of what was reported in the Sun.

Images: Two JPG format files.

Conclusion: Based on the analysis of the testimonies and the forensic, photographic, and geometric results of the supporting images, it was concluded that the reported event was a parasitic reflection or "flare." This occurred when photographing against the light of the Sun due to incidence.
light on the surface of the camera lens used.

By slightly changing its position between the two shots being analyzed,
the photographer varied the angle of incidence of light on his
cell phone. This resulted in the parasitic reflection existing only in
one of the two images.
