{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-27 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459158","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102355","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2719,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/158/mufon-5459158.json","updb_database_id":5459158}
{rjl} Lights following vehicle and second showed up in front.

My friend and I were at another friend's house. We arrived around 1 AM. We sat around a campfire looking at the stars through the trees. Since the canopy was fairly thick, it was difficult to see the stars in some places. On several occasions I observed what appeared to be a star through the leaves of one of the trees. But the light would disappear as if a breeze blew covering the star with leaves. But then the light would reappear but in a slightly different position. It was almost as if something was in the tree playing peek-a-boo with me.
  As my friend and I were driving back to her place we noticed what I initially thought was a car following us on the same road at quite a distance back. However, as I drove and went around the curves in the road, the light remained directly behind the vehicle in my rearview mirror when it should have shifted from side to side as I rounded the curves. As we approached her road and I was looking for the turn she said the turn was "about where that car is up there". The light we saw ahead of us appeared to be a headlight at first. However, as we approached, instead of the headlight nearing us, the light remained at the same distance ahead of us. Almost as if a car was driving in reverse away from us at 55 mph. As we turned into her road, the lights remained on the other road and never seemed to get any closer. We arrived at her house shortly thereafter and quickly went inside and talked about what we had just witnessed.

  The next evening sometime between 11 PM and 1 AM I was laying on a trampoline at another friend's house watching for shooting stars of the approaching meteor shower. After seeing several, I saw what appeared to be a another shooting star but after shooting in a straight line as normal, the light abruptly turned at a right angle. The streak continued briefly and then disappeared. Shooting stars cannot turn at right angles and no aircraft can move that fast and turn so abruptly. As it moved it never slowed and was moving across the sky at what appeared to be shooting star speed.
