{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-20 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504158","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54740","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3207,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/158/mufon-5504158.json","updb_database_id":5504158}
{rjl} seven rectanglar objects, somewhat in a line, not moving

driving NNE on Horsepen Rd. to home depot looking for plants about 9:30 AM 2012 (date time approximate), beautiful clear weather, no clouds, sunny, warm but not humid or hot.
Noticed an odd item in the sky at what appeared to be some distance. Shape was rectangler, ratio about 2 to 1, wide side down, approximately horiztontal in the sky, appeared to be some distance away as the color of the object seemed somewhat greyed out, yet the "shape" was distinct. I continued driving, glancing back at it every few seconds. The thought crossed my mind that it was an aircraft towing a "banner", yet there did not appear to be any aircraft around. Note that at one time I was stationed on an attack aircraft carrier. I've seen lots of aircraft in the sky in all kinds of weather conditions. I pulled off the road, stopped, and took a good long "look" at this thing. Guess what, now there are two of them. Over a period of about five minutes or so the total count would up at a total of seven of these rectangles, didn't appear to be going anywhere, just seemed to stay in the same place. The greyed out look did not change, size did not seem to change. What was very odd was that they were all in the same orientation, wide side down, somewhat like beads on a string. They were not "lined" up, no two were at exactly the same height, yet the difference between any two was no more that the "width" of any single object. In the horizontal sense none were any further apart from the next object than 1.5 times the width of an individual object. 
 Obviously, this is a bit dated, but it was extremely strange, and yes, I have a very good memory. After a few more minutes, and no changes, I decided to continue to the store parking lot, about a mile. When I had parked I tried to relocate the objects, and they were not to be found anywhere. As I said, the weather was clear, early morning, no clouds, no aircraft in the vicinity. Note that Richmond does have a fair sized airport on the far side of town, about twenty miles or so to the east. Whatever these things were, they seemed to be at some distance, and large to account for the greyed out look. This would also tend to indicate they were at a quite respectable altitude. My navy job was taking care of the search radar systems and related equipment, among other things. This event still bugs me so to speak, since I definitely can't account for it. I know what they were not, but not what they were. Perhaps someone else has reported something remotely similar. If so, I'd love to hear about it.
