{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-04-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493158","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3863,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/158/mufon-5493158.json","updb_database_id":5493158}
Lights that appeared brightened faded. Repeatedly for over 30 minutes

this is an old event but as I am watching the MUFON files I thought I would add this even. 

In 1984 I was an appretice baker working at the Milton Ulladulla Bakery. The rear of the bakery had a verandah where we also cooled off our large racks of bread. I had a habit of standing on the balcony and looking at the sky to guage the weather as I often went shooting on my way home if I got away whilst it was dark. 
The bakery is elevated and you can see the coast and inlet in the distance. I noticed a really bright light and thought it was just headlights. As my night vision cleared (it was darker outside) I noticed that the light was actually above the headland. I thought it must have been a new street lamp of unusual brightness. But then a second light appeared perhaps 100 meters from it and same elevation and that one was clearly out last land over the ocean. More and more appeared, some faded. The brightness intensity was incredible. The colours were different too. Some looked just white while others had a red glow to them. 

At the time I thought I was watchign ball lightening as I had read a lot about that phenomena but whilst there was cloud in the sky it was not stormy and there was no electrical feel. The lights did not move or travel they simply appeared brightened and eventually blinked out. The most I say at once was about 6. I wanted to watch more but my boss came out looking for me and told me to get my arse back inside. I tried to show him but he was not interested. Typical greek !

Over the years I have learned a lot about UFO and ball lightening. I am an amature astronomer so I know what the planets look like especially Venus. I am aware of temperature inversions and light reflections and what I saw in my teens was none of that. I had also seen what appeared to be a slow moving comet crash into the ocean in the same region too but it happened so fast I had not time to alert anyone else to it. From what I know of meteors or comets they would move faster, be brighter and would not leave a white streak all the way to the water. Or not. 

The water off the coast there is in a wide bay with inlets. From my scuba diving experience the water can be quite deep, too deep to dive. The location is quite isolated and in the country most people go to bed at 9pm so watchign this at almost 2am it is easy to believe that if these objects ere not natural phenomena they would not expect to be observed. 

I have not seen anything remotely interesting since that time. I do look and I of course carry a camera with me when I am out but I do not hide my breath becaue my phone camera struggles to take a picture of the moon let alone anything else. 

I am well educated and I do believe there is something going on. There are too many witnesses. I would love to help interview people as I have a background in NLP, counselling and even have a hypnotherapy business so I can use hypnotherapy to help witnesses remember without planting suggestions and creating halucinations. 

If you need someone with my skills let me know. I would like to push for more openness about UFO's especially in light of historical debunking like project Blue Book etc.

Brett Moore.
