{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-28 10:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484158","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75681","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2440,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/158/mufon-5484158.json","updb_database_id":5484158}
Surprising appearance of 3 UFO

On that particular day, I was in my appartment and after I watched some videos about Planet X/Nibiru on Youtube, I decided to take some pictures of the Sun to see if I could locate that planet that so many people are talking about. Since it was cold and I didn't want to put some warm clothes on, I decided to take some shots from one of my son's bedroom window. My camera, a Nikon 7700 has a swivel screen so I didn't have to look at the Sun directly. I took few shots to verify my settings and after I took few of them, I noticed that something must have been on my lens since I was seeing some dots on one of my photographs. I checked my equipment and saw nothing. I zoomed-in the shot I had just took and realized that there were three objects on it. I took my head through the window and looked in that particular direction but the objects were gone.

On the picture we see 2 objects on the left hand side at about the 9 o'clock position. There is also a small dash underneath it but I can't tell what it is. It reminds me of those we see across the two above mentionned objetcs. The third one is by itself and below the Sun at the 7 o'clock position. This one has a slightly different shape and reflect the Sun more. 

I was very excited to realized that I had took a photograph a three objects that could not be identified as a regular flying object. I sent that picture to many people I know to get their thoughts on it. They were all amazed. I wished I had seen those objects with my own eyes. That way I could have known from which direction they came from, where they where headind etc. Since I didn't hear anything and they didn't stay long, they may have just materialized right there and left the same way?
