{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-05-01 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495158","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64287","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8253,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/158/mufon-5495158.json","updb_database_id":5495158}
We were driving home on the A70 close to Edinburgh and along the side of the van was a silvery massive craft that engulfed us.

Hi Professor,
Knowing you have an open mind with regards to Aliens visiting our planate I would like you to understand why I sent you a copy of my email to president Obama and some Senator dated 23. March 2015. I use other outlets to time date and record my info. 
I never hide the fact over the years I1ve had a few encounters with ET. The last time was in my home however, the time I was a passenger in a van you may find interesting considering my proven history of knowledge of events before they happened. 
I1ve seen a lot of Hollywood1s movies about Aliens and I always come to the same conclusion not one has the real story of what you see or what they are looking for. The van one was that scary I ended up in hospital. I would have to look back at my records to see when this took place but it was about 2006/7. For privacy reasons let1s call the driver of the van Mr. X. We were heading to a sand quarry on the A70 to get a sample for a friend. On the way back I looked to my right and there was a train in the middle of a field shunting wagons of what looked like golden coal. (Yes I thought I was tripping but X seen it as well) It was a bright day and I can1t recall if the car in front of us was green or blue. But as I looked out in the direction of Edinburgh to my left I could see the sun was shining with just a few white fluffy clouds. Then along the side of us was this silver metallic green with shades of rainbow like you get on the shell of mother op peril. There was no flashing lights laser beams like you see in the movies or read about when people claim to be adducted. There technology is amazing and I did try to get the US and UK governments Nava to adopt this undetectable system. But you know what they are like, even when I have decades of proving things they didn1t have a clue about, I still had the wall of unbelievable. I pointed this out in many letters over the years to Clinton, Bush, Obama and even Tony Blair. You should see what they were given and ignored and then let happen. It1s absolutely shocking what happened and is going to happen. 
Anyway back to the event. I shouted to X who was still going on about the train, look. The next thing I knew I was in this giant bubble. The parsley transparent yellowish skin of the bubble just let me see them looking at me. My clothes suddenly got bigger and it felt like I was shrinking. It looked like giant bugs came from my clothes. They were above, below all around me. I tried to move away from them but couldn1t. I wasn1t paralyzed but it was so hard to move even an inch, it was like I was glued to one spot. I could feel everything even the sweat running down my face cussed by fear. My clothes vanished but these bugs became as big as me and I instantly thought there were going to eat me. Then all of a sudden they were in their own bubbles fading away from me. I was then controlled to spread eagle myself.  Totally starker1s it felt like I was floating stagnantly in the same position. 

But it also seemed I was slowly being submerged into a pool of ice cold solution below and above me. I didn1t know if I was upright on flat on my back or front. From my toes and fingers it seemed as if an elastic band was slowly rolling up and coming down my body bending and stretching me. I couldn1t see any solution but that1s what it felt like. As this was all taken place I could see in the yellowish vacuum I was in, tiny stars appearing directly in front of my face, like you get if when you are light headed. I don1t know if you have ever had the feeling of when you can1t tell if something is hot or cold that is what it was like as this glittering stuff entered my mouth ears nose and private parts. I looked down at my feet and they started to go transparent. The skin on my feet disappeared showing veins and then bones. The parts of my body I could see were the same. The solution feeling slowly creeping up my body started to paralysis me. Then it seemed like I was looking at my eyes from the back of my brain. My eyes vanished next was the orbit and I was into flashing bolts of lights. I don1t know if I passed out or what but I could hear them talking in my head, asking me where is god. How do you time travel and others don1t. Trying to hide my thoughts was imposable but there was a big bang noises in my head and I could feel myself spinning. I don1t know what had happened but they stopped talking and I could feel their fear. Then it stopped and I started to get closer to skin of the bubble. Instead of lots of voices one voice was clear and it said we cannot come into contact with you as you would die. I take it was a finger that pierced the skin because it touched the underside of my wrist. The voice said you want to remember this and you are marked. But I had the strangest feeling there was some form of other power in my bubble that they wanted to talk too. 
The next thing I knew I was back in the van and the car in front of us was a different colour it changed from green to blue or vice versa. (As I stated I would have to look back and see what I wrote the car was)
I shouted at Mr. X to stop as I couldn1t feel my legs, feet or hands. I remember getting out of the van and jumping waving my arms like a madman. We got back in the van and it was only 10 minutes to our destination and I could get an aspirin. After that I just wanted to go home and as I looked at the clock at the farm it was after five in the evening. Three house of lost time had happened because we left at 1 and the round trip is no more than one hour. I called my wife to make an appointment with the doctors for me. After taken the aspiring X took me home. I was feeling a bit better by the time I got to the doctors. When I got to see her I was fearful of telling her what had really happened so I just said I had a bit of a fright and she said it sounds like a panic attack. Me panic attack never I said to her. I got home and it started again and my wrist was burning like hell. I was up and down all night and by the morning I had to go to hospital. They thought I was taken a heart attack and monitored me up. Everything was sky high and I was sweating like mad. Buy the afternoon everything came back down and I felt normal. X picked me up from the hospital and took me home. I had three more days and nights of the same thing and by now my wrist was inflamed like it was burnt the size of a silver dollar. 

X asked me about it but I sent him an email and stated not to be published. But no doubt it1s probably on some web site. I1ve probably misted some parts out or I just don1t want to recall the bad memories. But I know they took my body apart and the panic attack was the aftermath of the reassembly. Dame they could have fixed my blind eye and aneurism.  
The next encounter fried my electrics and smashed my attic window as it tried to avoid coming into contact with me in my home. That took some explain to the electrician and glazer when they came to fix it. I have still got the electric fan that it fried and turned the cable brittle. Dam it was a brand new fan as well. 
The point in telling you this is it1s not like in the movies. No needle stainless steel bed, lights in corridors or rooms. I did a trek America in 1981 and I went through that desert area and there is no ET there. The American government could not detain an Alien. You come into contact with them and you1re dead gone. They plant images in your brain to make you think ET is leading you by the hand but in fact you are walking alone.
