{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-15 21:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500158","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58955","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/158/mufon-5500158.json","updb_database_id":5500158}
{cak} intensely bright round sphere traveling at great speed first saw above our house then it flew fast towards the east

I was standing by the window that overlooks the rear of our home. I was suddenly drawn to look up - I saw a spherical brilliant white object almost directly overhead. I felt mesmerized by it and wanted to get my husband but was thinking it would go away. I waited several seconds and ran to get my husband who was in the other end of the house in the front sitting room. I called out to him to come and see the object. By the time he got to the window it had moved from above the house towards the east. I told him to run and get his iphone to get a picture - he ran and got his iPhone, leaned back out the window but the object was moving very fast at this point so we ran to the back door and he took a picture. We have two pictures. One of the pictures does not seem to resemble the object we physically saw, rather than the bright sphere, the picture shows what looks like the side view of some craft - a long line with some shadows to the top and bottom. It reminds me of a kids old fashioned spinning top. The second picture looks like the bright object we saw. But as soon as my husband started to take pictures that's when it seemed to move away even faster. We were not sure if it was going up or coming down - my husband stated 'it's coming down' and he was going to take another picture but it suddenly seemed to get very small very fast and then it disappeared - I think it went up actually because it got small and disappeared. This object was a similar object to one we saw a couple of weeks ago in the same place over our house. That object appeared from the south and came right over us. On that occasion we were both standing outside of our house and looking up in the sky, we saw what we thought was a star but it was moving very fast, then a large bright white spherical light suddenly appeared underneath it. to give you some idea of the size and the change in size, when we first saw the 'star' to give some comparison, it was tiny, like the size of a tiny star in the sky, but when we saw the bright light, the spherical light, the size of the star changed to about the size of a football. It was directly above us. Then the light disappeared and the star reappeared then that disappeared, then the object quickly changed to a different position and then the light appeared again and then disappeared again. Then it disappeared. There was no sound then, just like tonight. No sounds.  As to our feelings and reactions from a couple of weeks ago, we both felt awe and still feel this about that incident, this evening we both felt questioning. We also both feel that the object is familiar even though we don't know what it was and we both have a feeling of expectation that we will see it again. We plan to stay up this evening and watch out for it in case it comes back.
