{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-08-12 14:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498158","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61092","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2720,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/158/mufon-5498158.json","updb_database_id":5498158}
{dr}bright orb flashed off then on across lake along shore. Then headed at an angle toward myself and my then boyfriend flashing off and then on each time being closer. He seemed to go into a trance. I pulled him up and he came out of it. There is more.

My then boyfriend and I were sitting on a towel about three feet from the waters edge on Mercer Island. We were just talking about various things when I noticed a bright light that flashed off and on and each time it reappeared it was further along the shore across the lake. It started under the bridge that led from Mercer Island to Bellevue Washington. It went along the Bellevue shore line. I said what is that, as the light started coming toward us at a south west angle. He noticed and said I guess a boat. But the light seemed very bright but continued to blink off and on, and as it got closer my boyfriend seemed to go into a trance. I stood up when it was about fifteen or twenty feet from the shore. It was the brightest light I had ever seen but it was under the surface of the water. The light did not refract as would be normal. It remained a circle of bright light. It blinked off and then on one more time very near the shore. I pulled my boyfriend and yelled at him to run. He finally seemed to come out of the trance and we ran as fast as we could. We ran about twenty yards away and turned. The bright orb was sitting on the towel we had left behind. It was just a bit bigger then the towel about three and one half feet in diameter. We ran all the way to my parents home and told my mother what had happened. Oddly enough rather soon after the incident we seemed to have forgotten it entirely. I had an accident about eighteen years ago and the memory came back. I contacted my then ex-husband and asked him if he remembered. He did but was taken aback because he had also forgotten until I asked about it. After I asked he said it was strange that we seemed to forget. We had both been very afraid at the time. I had felt that if we had not run, we would have just not been there. Not dead, just not been there anymore. It was as if we were targeted.
