{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-17 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510920","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47466","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4021,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/920/mufon-5510920.json","updb_database_id":5510920}
Saw flickering object thought it was a plane, then a star till it moved around

I was standing in my tiny kitchen making a pot of fruit tea and I became aware of a dull humming sound not very obvious and thought I must be imagining it being as it was late and I was tired. I looked out the window which faces north. I saw a flickering object. I thought it was a plane but as I watched it I realised it wasnt moving, just flickering similarly to how jets flicker with their wing and tail lights - except seemingly more condensed in size in side than the distance of aeroplane lights - I could not tell how far away it was, but it was fairly low in the sky. 

As I realised thats not a plane I opened the window to see clearer, and I thought "Thats a mental star, Ive never seen a star flicker as much or as colourfully as that before." As if it was reacting to my thoughts it moved in an almost circle and went back to being stationary. So I waved (I like UFOs Ive seen loads since I was wee), and went to get my phone because its the only camera I have at this time. 

It was still there when I got back but my phones camera was unable to capture it and all the pictures I took are completely black asides where Ive caught windows of flats/apartments opposite mine.

I gave up trying to photograph it and just watched with my window open for a while - I don't know the exact time when I first noticed it but when I got my phone the time was 0134. 

In the end I stopped watching it because I had things to do but I was rather pleased at having witnessed star friends in my vicinity. 

Later around 0400 I was exhausted and decided to curl up on my couch. I felt all these energy sensations which I am sensitive to and experience quite a lot of the time. I reached for my phone and switched on my CE-5 ET Contact Tool app. It was going crazy with the alarm whenever I brought it near my head and my right shoulder which was cushioned against the back of the couch, and also sort of above me but diagonally to my left side. In the peripherals of my vision I saw 4 tall beings positioned around me - there may have been one to my back but I didn't think to look. 

I couldnt see them when looking straight on. In approximate guess to their height, I think they were between 7-9 feet tall - from my perspective of sitting under them its hard to be more exact. 

They made me feel very happy and peaceful - however I can not promise that they were a part of my UFO experience or if I was having one of my "spiritual" experiences, I am not able to say whether spiritual experiences and ET contact experiences are much one and the same thing because often they feel similar. I think I fell asleep around half past 5am, at which point I have no further recollection of to add to this event. 

I posted asking if anybody else in Glasgow had "witnessed a UFO last night?", on facebook in the CE-5 Initiative group and was suggested to post my experience here. I really can not verify how long the UFO was there, and my eye sight is not the best and I am aware that my glasses make things look more distant at times. However I am certain it was a UFO, because Ive seen so many - most recently most of my sightings have been shared with 1 or more people, but not last nights witnessing.

(As a last note I apologise if I have filled out the tickboxes confusingly, I wasnt sure if I ought to include the tall lights as "objects").
