{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-23 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517920","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39767","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2408,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/920/mufon-5517920.json","updb_database_id":5517920}
3 distinct ligths in a straight line moved towards us without sound and then lights went off and could see object

Witnessed by 3 adults and 4 children...at night in a clear sky, we watched 3 lights (crafts) move toward us somewhat slowly. We first saw them at about 30 degrees above the horizon and they continued to move towards us until they passed right overhead. Before they passed overhead, one of the three lights (the last one) appeared to change direction to the Northwest and the light disappeard. You could see a silvery-blue object where the light was. This object was definately some sort of craft which moved without sound. The remaining two lights continued on the same path from Northeast to Southwest when the second light disappeared (turned off) however this ship continued on the same path and you could see the same silvery-blue shape...the shape was more like a diamond than a triangle. The remaining two craft continued on a Southwest path with only the first craft still glowing orange/yellow and once they past overhead, the light from the first craft also disappeared. The thing which struck all of us the most was how close they were to us (guessing at an altitued of under 5000 feet) and there was zero sound. My youngest child did not sleep all night.

My oldest child first sighted the lights moving toward us. We were talking and sitting under a gazebo when my oldest noticed the glowing orange lights. At first it appeared as 3 planes on approach to the airport. We quickly dismissed this as the airport is in a Southeast direction to where we were...the lights were coming from the Northeast and moving Southwest. We were all shocked that this could be a UFO and tried to explain what we were looking at while it was happening. They (UFO's) continued until they were beyond our horizon.
