{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-21 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290920","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112418","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3814,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/920/mufon-5290920.json","updb_database_id":5290920}
Glowing spheres orange in color.

My wife and I observed a glowing orb appear in sky from nowhere in NE direction. It was moving south over our heads. The first one got above us in the southern sky and disappeared. The second took the same route but stopped completely and hovered in spot for a minute above us same highway as other. At this point we went and got our father in law. He. Took the pictures and video . The third one was on a different coarse and I felt like this one had observed my father in law take pictures. It then hovered 20-30 for above us. I got worried because of the direct change in coarse and the fact I was feeling these things . When I looked around my yard the was no sounds and it was like all black except the immediate Spence around us.. spot light effect but can’t say I saw a spotlight. At this point I went into house but felt a deep connection and wanted my father in and wife to come inside, as if they were telling me to tell them to. I know this sounds crazy but why not tell how I felt and what happened. My cat at this point which never makes a noise was meowing like I had never heard before and dog was in his crate whining. When they came in house I still felt a presence but after 30 min seemed to dwindle. My father in law reported this and you told him it was a Chinese lantern .. but I saw this clear as day.. it was like an orb of energy .. it was spinning and it’s surface was like non stop moving.. those videos don’t show the one above us. There is no way a lantern put into a non existent wind could move and is those kinda of things.. it can’t lower and stop on a dime then fly off and disappear. Explain all creatures and wind stopping at that time ? Do Chinese lanterns do that ? You have the picture i sent how can you even see a lantern that thing was right above the trees ? 6 lanterns that took off from different spots? I know what I saw that night and it wasn’t lanterns ... it wasn’t a drone .. they didn’t blink in any sorta order. The only thing I want to add is when the third that I felt I had contact with cane it felt like time stopped in those moments. I’m sure I sound crazy at this point but I didn’t want to come forward about my part of that experience but I don’t like that my father in was brushed off as it’s lanterns.. he just wasn’t part of the whole experience and didn’t have the same experience I had. I don’t feel I Was abducted but I do feel like I was contacted or used in some sort of way to tell them to come inside. I also had a headache for the remainder of the night.
