{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488920","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70716","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4360,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/920/mufon-5488920.json","updb_database_id":5488920}
{rjl} 3RD APPEARANCE , VIDEOTAPED, COCKTAIL OLIVE SHAPE BRILLIANT MOVING SPHERICAL LIGHT IN BASE

1. Enjoying nice evening front yard after National fireworks display finished on Nat'l Mall. I could hear them, but they were not visible. Shortly after when people had left the site, I saw a medium low altitude reddish/orange single light flying toward me from the direction of the westerly portion of the fireworks site. Having seen this type of object two previous times, and also videotaped, I immediately recognized it, and was able to agioan use my videocam to capture it's transit and behavior. 

 This object is shaped similar to a cocktail olive on end, or an egg shaped with the narrow tip at the bottom. Set into the base but fully mobile is a brilliant white light sphere which constantly moves around in a moving eye type of movement. The craft in which it's set also has the ability to tilt freely, with the ability to tilt to a full 90 degrees. This allows the sphere in the base to have great range of ...whatever it's doing. I certainly do not know if it's beaming or receiving or both. The most striking aspect is that none of these movement affect the smoothness of the flight line.  

AS it drew closer, I realized it would come into close visual range of my projecting light into my big mirrored ball in my back yard. I use a decollimated laser with wide beam to illuminate it, and it's awesome. I stopped taping and quickly moved to the side front corner and projected into the mirrored ball, The result was the craft slowed and then made an instant 100 degree turn from north direction to west. I then used my laser to make a quick pair of star shapes in the trees where it could be seen. I then resumed taping. The craft had slowed considerably, but as it moved to the west it turned its light down and then fully off. 

There were no nav lights indicating any terrestrially law-abiding craft. There was zero noise as usual. The light in the base was a thousand times too bright to have been some kind of candle or flame heat source to levitate some kind of lantern. The estimated diameter is uniform for the 3 separate sightings I have had of these is about that of a school bus or even a Metrobus.  On the 1st two sightings, there were three in a line, and each time the Marines Presidential Helicopter Unit's regular patrolling Huey came into the area within a minute or two, plainly looking for them. On this 4th of July event. there was only one and no copter investigated. I mention this as there was a hyped terror threat for this 4th, but even with this substantial craft at low altitude flying up from the mass gathering on the Mall no one cared. 

My impression after seeing other UFO types in these skies is that they seem extremely advanced, and in fact close frames seem to indicate some kind of possibly genetically engineered hull as it glows from the tremendous lower light and looks organic. 

I wasn't shocked but only excited as I had seen them twice before. The craft turned its light out and sailed slowly off toward Bethesda, Md. The video after the three snips below is from the 1st appearance and the 2nd vid is of the event described.
