{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-24 02:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499920","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59201","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2764,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/920/mufon-5499920.json","updb_database_id":5499920}
{dr}Extreme speed and directional change

Me and my fiancee went out onto our back porch to smoke a cigarette a little before 2 am early sunday morning. We were talking and all of a sudden she tells me to make a wish because she saw a shooting star. She pointed at the direction she said she saw the shooting star and she asked me what shooting stars do. As i began to tell her what shooting stars were while looking at the area of the sky she saw it from she said very loudly "there it is again". We watched this thing which was a mix between a disc shape and a circle move at a high rate of speed from a north east to south west direction, then it shot straight up for about 500 feet or so, and then quickly changed direction heading back north east, this went vertical in a squiggly motion for a split second, stopped and hovered, then darted of east at a rapid speed and directional change. The thing made no noise at all and appeared to be probably about 5-8 miles away in the sky. Could have been closer but it was hard to tell exactly. It really started and baffled my fiancee because she didn't really believe in ufo's until after this happened. What was truly amazing is how fast this thing moved and the maneuvers it made in changed direction so sharply at such a high rate of speed. I was in the military for five years and have seen my fare share of strange things in the sky before, but this one has to be one of the most vivid sightings i have had. The only reason we lost sight of the object was because the trees in our back yard got in the way as it moved back in that north easterly direction. It really affected my fiancee because she has never experienced anything like that before. It definitely was not an aircraft because there were no port and starboard lights, nor was there any sound at all. Something moving that fast in the sky and maneuvering that quickly on a dime would have made a lot of engine noise had it been mad made. Being that it happened so quickly and that our cell phones were on the charger for the night we were unable to get any photos of it. Definitely going to keep a camera handy by the porch in case we see this thing again.
