{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-15 20:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292920","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110396","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3968,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/920/mufon-5292920.json","updb_database_id":5292920}
Unknown object, first thought it was comet, but comets don't do what this did as far as I know.

At a family member's house in country setting. I knew the Neowise comet was supposed to be able to be seen that night and was telling family about it. I have a star app on my phone that tells me where stars, comets, meteor showers, etc are and used that to see the approximate location I should look for Neowise that evening. Mom mentioned having an old telescope we could use. It was between 8:30-8:45pm when my cousin and I got the scope and headed to the edge of the property where there was a clearing so we could get it set up and then head over later when the comet was supposed to be seen. All reports for the area said best time to view was after 10pm (and it was still light out, the sun had just set so the sun was down but it wasn't to the point you could see any stars yet) so we weren't expecting to see anything at that point of time. Was watching cousin trying to figure out telescope when I looked into the sky in the direction we wanted to point the scope and saw what appeared to be a very big & bright comet. I assumed it must be Neowise & said, "Look! Is that it?" My cousin, still looking down, said, "No, you won't see it yet.." Then she looked up and said, "Oh! Yep! That must be it!" At this point I looked away from it, towards where the rest of my family was, to call them over to see it and to bring my phone. I was excited that it was so large and bright that we didn't need the telescope and my grandmother would be able to see it! When I looked back it was clear that it was moving through the sky, about the speed an airplane would. By the time the rest of my family got there it had moved so far away that it only looked like an airplane that had the setting sun reflecting off of it. Reasons I am confused.: 1- object appeared to be within our atmosphere so it couldn't have been the comet. 2- it looked exactly like a comet, big comet-like tail behind a round ball. 3- couldn't have been an airplane. They don't have tails like comets and this object did (I will note that we only noticed the tail of it when it was first located, once it was miles away we could only see the shine from the object). Also, normally a plane will appear to follow a straight path. This almost seemed like it was curving with the world. We watched it go a very long distance, reflecting (or glowing?) the entire time and it seemed to change direction as if it may loop around and come back but it went out of sight. It was very far away so I don't know if it just got to where we couldn't see it anymore or if it disappeared altogether. 4- I even considered that it may have been a falling star, but I've never seen a falling star stay visible and travel as far and long as this object did. My cousin is sure that it was the comet. I am skeptical because I've done a lot of research since this incident on the comet, and I've never seen anything saying Neowise performs the way this did. Also, it is supposed to be under the big dipper, it showed on my star app that Neowise stayed under the big dipper, but this moved fast and a great distance. It is frustrating to me. I have tried to think of a logical explanation for what we saw and I can't find one. I am hoping that somebody on here will see this and either has an explanation or had also seen it.
