{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-26 19:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490920","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68655","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4097,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/920/mufon-5490920.json","updb_database_id":5490920}
Odd for cloud formation drew my attention only to find a boomerang shaped formation of 5 bright white tiny lights and under that 2 or 3 other bright tiny lights moving around under the boomerang

This is my fourth sighting of various shaped UFOs all in the same general area over Quebec, Canada near Gatineau/Aylmer. It was 7:50pm on July 26, 2015, not dark yet and there was a fair amount of cloud cover stretching across the sky but more blue than cloud and the clouds were more white with only some darker areas.

I was facing an open sky over Quebec along the Ottawa River and just got mesmerized by the cloud formations and all of a sudden my eyes were drawn to an odd shaped cloud - for the ones around it - it was pretty close to a perfect circle, very strange. The circle was about the size of a Cdn nickel in total and the round cloud was quite white and a little opaque. I could have just looked away but something seemed to be in the centre of that circular cloud so I got out the binoculars.

I was so stunned when I got the binoculars in focus to see what looked like 7 or 8 small bright white objects(size of a third of a pea and round) and 5 of them were in the shape of a chevron and those were stationary and then there were 3 around the chevron and those were moving around, a little quick. I figured that the 5 lights/objects were attached to one larger thing as they didn't move at all but there was no definite outline of a bigger object. I watched this odd formation for several minutes and then it all disappeared slowly so I am not sure if it faded on it's own or a cloud came across it all and hid it again. Never saw it again after that.

I was really surprised to see this formation and wondered about stars but it was in no way stars as they were too close and in a definite pattern of a chevron and the other dots of light, like the ones making up the chevron, behaved differently in that they were moving around instead of staying still like the other 5 of the same size.

I had the feeling, can't explain why, that this formation was hiding in the clouds and honestly if you were just looking up at the sky you wouldn't even notice this formation in that round circle of cloud. The only reason I found it was because I do have a good view of the sky, up higher, and clouds are something I like to look like and I do that fairly often. My eyes are often pulled to certain cloud formations that seem to stand out for whatever reason, odd shapes and things and this is the second time that something strange came out of one of those sightings of an odd shaped cloud. The first time it was discounted by MUFON but I still think it was a UFO and not a plane because of it's size and the way it moved. I guess we will have to agree to disagree on that one. 

I am really starting to wonder if people looked at certain clouds for just that little longer they would see UFOs hiding as well. I saw a video on Youtube once where someone had filmed what they called 'the formation of a cloud by a UFO' I am guessing they are suggesting something similar, that they are hiding behind clouds. I am not saying this grouping of UFOs I just saw awhile ago was a cloud formed by the UFOs but they were definitely right in the middle of the round cloud and I did feel they were trying to stay unseen. Very strange experience. I drew what I saw, I'm a terrible artist so hope you get the drift.
