{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-05-16 20:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503920","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54993","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3517,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/920/mufon-5503920.json","updb_database_id":5503920}
{kt}whitnessed several over many years in the same place. And I beielve its why I am infertile

we moved to union maine when I was in 3rd grade (about 1981). On may or June of each year I would be awoken by lights in the field that I could see by my window. I DID see greys several times as I used binocs to look at the craft landing site. about 8 years later, I remember walking into the field and returned to my room not by myself. I bieleve now that I was being abducted. When I was about 10 yrs old a mark that resembles a birth mark appeared on my right hand between my pointing and middle finger in the shape of a triangle. It hasn't always been there, I was told if I have it removed I will be marked with something else. All I remember from that abduction was being scared. And I am very sorry but I don't remember all of them. 

When I was about 8yrs old, I didn't see the craft that year. Instead I was walking in the field with the dogs, the field was going to be mowed for hay in two days so I wanted to walk through the field one last time.. this time was weird. In the middle of the field the furture hay was laying down in a circler motion, I had no idea what had happened but there was several little places connecting to the big circle.. When my parent got home I took him to that spot to show him what I found.. he got very anxious. We went bad to the house and he climbed on the roof to see the 'circles' from up high.. He came down and said come with me, we went to the barn got a couple of brooms, we went back to the field and stood the grass back up.. it was totally amazing to find the grass INTACT!!! the stock was NOT broken, it was whole. after we stood it up, he mowed it, that day. Several days after my mother was going to the store, being a typical kid I BEGGED her to let me stay home alone.. She finally gave in with stipulations.. ya know don't do this, don't touch that etc. 5 to 10 minutes after she left a car pulled into our driveway.. 

now union is in the country, we lived up on a dirt road in the middle of nowhere... this car was black. black wheels, black windows, black everything and NO plate. the people were also dressed in black. I knew wasy of leaving the house without anyone hearing me and that is what I did. These men walked to the EXACT place where that crop circle was, they took samples of the earth and the grass around it, walked back to their car and left. to this day if I write or talk about it I get painful goosebumps. Men in Black??? 
As far as what it looked like... 
It looked like a Disk, with red,blue,green,white,orange colored lights moving in patterns. It was always the same type of craft. When I think about it I get deep painful goosebumps. and really freaks ME OUT!  

I don't really remember much about being abducted thankfully. I kinda remember them being nice to me at first then being more forsful as I got older. and my reactions now... scared...
