{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514920","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43266","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2624,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/920/mufon-5514920.json","updb_database_id":5514920}
(GS) Orb like lights large and small; 3-6 objects at a time; very bright appearing to be airplane lights but they are not. They appear and disappear for short periods of time and then bloom again. They are very blatant.

I was at home--Coney Island, Brooklyn. Preparing to do some written work but went on the terrace for some air. The terrace faces east giving me visability of north/east--can see lower manhattan and downtown Brooklyn from the distance.

Actually I went to the terrace to see if they were there as for I told a neighbor about these occurances and promised to call her if I saw them again. Years ago I thought they were airplane lights--when I lived facing west. At that time these lights would hoover over the harbor between Coney Island and Staten Island. But a plane does not take 45 minutes to fly from Staten Island to Coney Island.

The last sighting had the 1 to 6 objects disappearing briefly and then appearing. Five would shine brightly and 1 would always be sort of dim. They would move around slowly and make formations--a vee, a line and especially triangles! My feeling when seeing these occurances was alway excitement as for I feel that there is other life in the universe and I would love to be informed of this by scientist and the govenrment.

On Thursday evening when I saw this occurance when I washed up for the evening I noticed a rash on my chest that has since went away. Also I noticed 6 bumps on my right thigh that replicated one of the formations that these lights were making (could be mere coincidence). On Sunday when I saw these lights again I was for some reason very annoyed as for I want answers/confirmation. During this sighting after 3-hours 2 of the items went down out of site and the others simply vanished.

I know someone that actually was closer to the site of the occurance and saw an actual flying craft; round in shape. He was able to obtain a photograph. I do not have privy to the photograph. I was outdone--it looks like an actual flying saucer.
