{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-12 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496683","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62708","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2698,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/683/mufon-5496683.json","updb_database_id":5496683}
{rjl} UFO Sighted with Black Helicopters 4 Mornings in a Row

I am submitting this report on behalf of the eyewitness who wishes to remain completely anonymous. I felt that these sightings were extraordinary having occurred at the same time of day, 4 days in a row, with multiple witnesses and needed to be reported. The following is a description of what the witness saw. 

I live in Sykesville Md, & work in Frederick Md. I travel route 26 quite regularly. Never seen anything like what I saw last week. On my ride to work Monday January 12th I saw a bright light in the sky. At first I thought it was just a plane but as I continued to drive towards Frederick, I knew it was not a plane or anything I knew it to be.

I passed South Carroll High School & sat at the red light and looked slight left or south west of to see if I could figure out what I was looking at. As I started to drive I noticed this bright light was in the shape of a teardrop, with a bright light that didn't really go with the sky canvas that morning. Which is why it really stood out. It got real bright then back to its regular brightness, what I first noticed.
 I also noticed below it were smaller lights that obviously were not attached to the light. They were very separate but clearly with the bright light. As I got closer to Frederick , maybe just about to Taylorsville I noticed two helicopters on either side of the light.
They were black. Very synchronized. The helicopters would go towards the light and then the light got brighter and then when they backed off a bit the light went back to its regular brightness. The two lights below were not as big as the bright light. Id say they were as big as the helicopters. This went on for at least 30 mins until I got right outside of Liberty town, then they were gone. Disappeared. This happened at the same time, Tues, Weds, and Thurs. 

The only difference the helicopters didn't show up on Weds or Thurs.

Tues morning I had actually pulled over so I could watch what was going on. There were other people as well that had pulled over to see what was happening..
