{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-13 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285683","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117718","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5380,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/683/mufon-5285683.json","updb_database_id":5285683}
Saw huge bright blue lights surround me in sky while on highway.(huge compared to most lights in the sky)

So I was driving home from charlotte where I work coming home on highway 49 towards my address. Normal night, no cars on road with me at the moment seemed pretty clear skies, felt fine and wide awake though I do doze off at the wheel occasionally some nights. I noticed a pale blue orb/spherical shape lit up in the sky, it was large from my perspective, maybe around the level where you can see helicopters but I work near an airport and have seen hundreds of planes from all distances and elevation and this was 100% not it. The light was huge as I was saying almost like a police chopper searchlight was aimed straight at you but didnt hurt to look at. It was bright but you could stare straight at it, I actually assumed at first it WAS a police chopper for some reason chasing me for going 5mph over the speed limit but decided that was silly after thinking about it, it was totally stationary 0 movement, this light was around the size of the moon in the sky from my perspective, pitch black out with no other lights nearby. I was thinking to myself what it could be... then I noticed more lights appearing and formed a circular shape in the sky, they weren't perfectly level with each other they were offset but I cant honestly remember if they were perfectly offset one (1 higher than the other and the one next to it lower and then higher etc..) they surrounded me completely though on all sides, same size and description as the original one I saw. Unable to tell how far or close these lights were, they appeared big and bright but not blinding and cast no light beam, it was enough to light up my car interior a faint blue though. Then I noticed they were suddenly blinking in and out, I couldnt tell if they were moving while blinking or stationary but I was completely at a loss at what they could be. They continued doing this and I started having this feeling of fear, to escape and get away from them and previously I was considering pulling over and trying to see if I could get a good video of them but now I had the feeling I should absolutely not stop the car and get out. It was like that 6th sense and you know something is very wrong but no clue what. I noticed a truck behind me slowly passing me, considered trying to ask the driver if he was seeing what I was seeing. Also forgot to mention but I slapped myself a few times to make sure I was awake and rolled down my windows to hear if I could hear any noises like helicopter blades. dead silent besides wind noise from highway. My turn was coming up and I wanted to try and record it while driving since I never seen anything like that in my life, my phones battery was at 2% and was playing music and had my gps on which at the time I needed to be able to get home. I didnt wanna risk my phone dying because id be totally lost and didnt wanna have to pull over and set it back up after charging so I decided against recording it figuring theres probably some explanation for it im just not aware of. I turned off the highway and went on the ramp and when I got off I looked behind me and the lights were totally gone without a trace. When I got home I rushed inside still being fearful and immediately started googling every possibility and the only possible explanation I could come up with is some very elaborate prank someone pulled with drones with incredibly bright lights but thought that even this would be very unlikely. I told my family as they woke up and was pretty shooken up by the experience, I was considering skipping work the next few days so I wouldnt have to drive on that road again. Never saw anything like it ever again.

Thinking back I almost doubt that it even happened because it was so strange and bizarre to me. I distinctly remember telling my family, and they remember me telling them that day and my memory of it is pretty good. 

It happened sometime during summer 2 years ago in june or july, by surround me in the sky I mean I could see these lights in every direction relatively the same altitude, there were at least more than 20 and they blinked on and off, compared to an airplanes lights these were massive and I couldnt tell exact distance or even approximate distance at all, just that they were roughly the size of the moon in the sky maybe a little bigger maybe a little less. as for angle I had to kind of lean forward and look up to be able to see alot of them, out of the back window I had to lean back and could only see a few at that angle. Car was a coupe by the way. I could see no structure of any sort only the lights themselves. I know this is alot of vague info but its exactly as I remember and ive been curious what it could be ever since.
