{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490683","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68894","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4211,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/683/mufon-5490683.json","updb_database_id":5490683}
Two events - 12:08am and 12:24am both very different and from my rooftop

Aug 2, 2015
Perhaps 15 minutes before midnight the two of us observed a shooting star from the south to the north overhead on the rooftop of my building in downtown Toronto.

12:08am - For a distance that I would say is no more than 6-inches across the sky, tracking in a linear direction of a West to East direction but in the sky north of Avenue and Davenport Rd rooftop location, we noticed a round, thick white light turning on and off to a rhythm of 1on1 for a count of 1 and 2 and, 1off1 3 and 4 and, 1on1 5 and 6 and 7 and off 8 and 9 and for a total of 5 1on1 lights all together. What is totally strange for me is that at 3 1on1s I flashed on my green starlight lazar and when I flashed it through the dark from 3 black 4 black and 5 it turned off but seemed to move faster for a moment and out of sight. The size of the light was bigger than a commercial jet1s frontal high beam light coming towards someone, yet was lit from underneath, not in the forward direction. Also the light beneath it was somewhat subdued and not as bright as the planes in the distance flashing as they moved off in all directions. That it seemingly immediately reacted to my lazar when I flashed at it was outstanding.

12:24am - Travelling from NW towards the moon in a SE direction (north of Avenue and Davenport again) was a cylinder shaped object tumbling or spinning in a clock-wise direction in almost a slow motion-like momentum, much like one would expect to see in space, yet close enough for us to see it with our naked eyes even though it was night, traveling within a halo of very soft, subtle and subdued light. The object seemed to be illumined with a subdued, washed-out amber and green light. It looked like the cylinder was a 4:1 ratio of length to width. In the sky it measured approximately 5mm and with the halo closer to 7mm in diameter. It was lower than the clouds but higher than the jets flying east, taking off from the airport. I pointed my green laser and could see the object get hit from the beam a number of times, much like I could see the lazar hit the side of a building in the distance with a focused dot. The cylinder1s surface seemed like it was a reflective surface judging by the green lazar1s clear visibility. The cylinder disappeared from view as it got closer to the full moon1s brightness. 

We noticed both objects roughly in the same area of the sky, initially, though they traveled in different directions. 

It was a very electric energy that awakened and excited us. This is my 3rd unknown flying object sighting in a week and each time they were witnessed with the same friend. I wonder if she is the reason why because I have never had a sighting before this, except once, caught on camera in Joshua Tree CA in June and last Summer in a UFO group meeting where some bright light seemed to descend towards the group and then take off quickly in another direction. The lights leave me curious but the cylinder shape tumbling and spinning is very exciting and highly strange. 

I am attaching some images I saw online to give an example of the cylinder proportion as well as the green subdued color from another online image. I didn't have a camera or phone with me, again!
