{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-06 18:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493733","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65774","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3427,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/733/mufon-5493733.json","updb_database_id":5493733}
{rjl} lights approaching from southeast comming up valley towards me. upon approach they stopped the wing shaped lights hovered above me. Silent. then jet engines started and it continued on its path toward Stockton.

I had left gas station on Maraposa Rd. And Munford, by the school. TRAVELING Southeast on Maraposa Rd. Heading home to Oakdale. About 6:25 pm. IT WAS DARK, lightly raining, Maraposa is a 2 lane country road. I was a mile past the gas station all fields and orchards. No other cars as I could see several miles ahead of me, but I observed what I thought to be a large, maybe 747 plane commonig in my direction about 2 miles ahead. My first thought was it had to be an antique plane, flying to Stockton for a show or something, There is no commercial flight path for miles where I am. As it approached me, it stopped above me and to my left. I stopped my car, turned off radio and rolled down my window and got out of my car, looking up. There was total quiet, but for my car. I observed about 8 lights spaced in the shape of a giant wing, I could see no outlines or anything, just lights, the lights left no reflection on the object they were attached to but I got the visusl Impression that something was 
solid, almost as if cloaked,, like my eyes knew there was a solid mass inbetween the lights but yet couldn't see anything. And the odd silence as it hoovered, for about a minute, then the sound of jet engines from nowhere, and it moved and continued its flight towards Stockton. I got back in my car, Whatever it was, It saw me, because my car lights were the only light in the dark evening as it hovered above me, there are no street lights, just country road. I drove back to the station and told the attendant about it, I stated I wasn't saying it was a UFO. But had they 3 men there, ever seen such. One man emphatically stated it was a drone, I told him it was too big to br unmanned.
 I Then went home and researched on the internet a company that was advertising their stealth planes on t.v., Northrupt Grummond, They show all their drones and other planes they produce, but none of them could have been what I had seen, untill The last plane they show is the ridht size a large wing, BUT it is under a tarp! you can only see the shape. Big secret? We have technology that can silently hover but the jet engines kick in when it moves?
We are always being told that the technology we know of is actually, far behind what we are capible of! I stick by my observation, I did see and hear, a cloaked, or visually hidden wing shaped obje t that did hoover silently. And by wing I am not talking about the triangular shaped planes we have like the Blackhawlk?, It was shape long and narrow like you removed the body and engines of a huge jet and stuck them together. no cockpit body, no typical engines either.
