{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-04-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485733","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73993","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2647,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/733/mufon-5485733.json","updb_database_id":5485733}
{rjl} Sudden absence of sound, huge hovering brilliant ball of light with absence of light surrounding it before light's glow continued, loss of time

I was 14yrs old, staying the night with a friend who lived deep deep in the woods outside of Belfair Wa. We were walking along a trail in the woods that went from her mom's to her dads, the walk should have taken about 20mins. It was pitch black outside, we had a flashlight and gun. The woods were thick but eventually we reached a clearing about 2/3 of the way to her dads. There had been many sounds of wildlife all around us then suddenly the world went silent, a total absence of sound. We both looked up and saw a huge ball of light directly above us about as high as the treetops. The light was brilliant but surrounding the light was an absolute absence of light circling the bright ball of light, after that total absence of light was the residual glow from the ball of light. We tried to scream but there was no sound. We blacked out what happened next but we "woke up" while running full speed through the woods, sobbing. We reached her dads empty house and barricaded ourselves in, climbed to the loft and hid under plywood in silence with no lights on for a couple of hours, too scared to sleep or move. The sun came up after a while and we realized we had lost a few hours of time. We each drew what we saw without discussing it first and showed each other, we had seen the same thing. We knew it was a UFO, possibly an abduction. We were so frightened, but somehow within a few days we forgot all about it. We each moved away from the area and years pass before she calls me to ask me about anything weird I might remember about the only time I had spent the night out there with her, but at the time I didn't remember and she did not remind me. A few years after that the memory came flooding in for me. I know we experienced a UFO, and possibly an abduction too. I have never been able to reconnect with my old friend to ask her about what she remembered, but I know we both remember now.
