{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-25 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510733","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47661","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3775,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/733/mufon-5510733.json","updb_database_id":5510733}
{dr}20 to 25 orange red lights moving under controlled conditions

I took a break from watching Hockey on TV and went to my patio for a cigarette. I noticed a orange/red light above the roof line of the apartment across the courtyard from me. Ive seen that light before 6 years ago in South Elgin Illinois and thought to myself very excited "theyre back". I quickly walked off the patio to the parking lot thats about 100 feet away to get a better view and was amazed to see 3 more light below the 1st light. These lights came up from due South at about the 10 oclock position to the highest light and 9 0clock to the lowest light. I checked my pockets for my cell phone for a camera and realized it was in the house on the coffee table. I chose to watch these lights that moved too slow for a fixed wing aircraft or helicopter. There was no noise from the lights as I tried to make as many observations as possible. These lights where orb or ball shaped and were mostly a deep but light admitting orange red color. After about 40 seconds real time even though it seemed longer, each light followed the same path of the one in front of it which was traveling upwards and to the N.W. simultaneously. All 4 light objects ascended in to the cloud deck that was aprox. 35 to 38,000 ft. up before going out of sight. This event took a total time of no more that 90 seconds from when I first observed them. I took note of the cloud wind direction which the upper level winds were coming from the North West to South East and these objects or lights were moving across the wind direction, leaving me to believe that there must have been some sort of propulsion to move them in that fashion. I walked back to my patio to get my cell phone to notify a friend when I saw a gentleman on the other side of my complex call to me and ask if I saw those lights too. His name is Brian and he was clearly shook up by what he just saw and he dialed 911 from his cell to report this sighting. He asked me if I had seen them all and I told him yes I saw all four of them. He replied that he saw at least 20 of them just above tree top height and all but four had made a triangle formation and traveled off to the East and the remaining four were the lights that I described. We were discussing the event and the possibilities of what they might be other than UFOs, we did conclude they were not balloons or flares. A police officer from the St. Charles PD did come out at that time and asked if we reported a 911 call. The two of us explained to the officer what we experienced and some details. The officer expressed that they felt badly that they had missed this event since they had heard of sighting like this in the past. The only other observation I can make and this is kind of hard to explain, these lights did not seem to have the ability to reflect light off of its surroundings. The full moon gives off an orah around it that admits light. These light objects did not seem to do this and reflected no light off airbourne particulates. Anyway I am up for answering any questions you may have. Thank you for reading and taking the time. I felt the need to report this to someone who understands
