{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-09-10 05:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485601","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74127","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2838,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/601/mufon-5485601.json","updb_database_id":5485601}
{jpg} They sounded in trouble. My gained telepathic ability only for that moment it happened

Have to go to work early that morning around 5:30 a.m. so I got up early to feed the dog. I was stepping out my trailer house when I started hearing a sound that I never heard in my entire life. It sounds like a craft with a very distinct sound but it sounded like it was failing mechanically. Whatever was inside of it I could hear it despite there being some distance from it but I was in reality close enough to see it very good. I may have gained telepathic ability for that moment it passed by me because I heard 2 distinct sounds which I took to be alien beings. I wasn't afraid at all just intrigue to be fortunate to see such an unusual event taking place in front of me. I actually think that the past by was on purpose because years later when moved to Dublin, Georgia something happen there also. And not far from where I live. I didn't see it but people living around me did and was telling me. And It even hit the Newspapers and the news in Dublin, Georgia. My 1st cousin told me story in the past that make me wonder if that Craft did landed nearby. Because my immediate family all live in the same 1 mile radius and one of my cousins said that he was having sex in the woods on his car hood when he heard hissing behind him. He looked back and there was a man stand there but he did look right. His head had a glow like appearance and just ignored it because he that he was imagining it. He looked back again it was closer to him. His girlfriend can't see it but hear it but take her down from the car and turned around quickly again it was gone just that quick. Which is why I wonder if I was the manlike image that was one on that craft i saw that morning. My cousin claimed it hissed like a snake or a cat but it was a man. The image i have below is nothing short of what i saw. The only difference is is that it wasn't up in the stars and the whole object glowed in a pulsating manner. There was 2 more witness but they were 20 miles from me at the time. I just heard them talking about it when i got to work.
